Mitchells is an unincorporated community in Culpeper County, Virginia, United States. Mitchells is located on State Route 615 south-southwest of Culpeper. Mitchells has a post office with ZIP code 22729.
References
Unincorporated communities in Culpeper County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
French is an official language in 29 independent nations. The following is a list of sovereign states and territories where French is an official or de facto language.
Only official language
Countries
List of countries where French is the only official language:
, the most populated French-speaking country in the world.
(Metropolitan France and Overseas France)
Non-sovereign entities
, Belgium
, Switzerland
, Switzerland
, Switzerland
, Canada
, Switzerland
Co-official use
Sovereign states
In many countries, French is used as a co-official language alongside one or more other languages.
List of countries where French is a co-official language :
National subdivisions
Officially recognized status
List of countries and dependencies that grant certain constitutional rights to the French language :
Intergovernmental organizations
French is an official language, mostly in conjunction with English, of 36 international organisations. These include :
Countries
This table shows the total populations of the countries, not the number of French speakers (some of these countries such as Canada have a majority that do not speak French).
Dependent entities
Note: Réunion, Guadeloupe, Martinique, French Guiana and Mayotte are classified as overseas regions of France and are thus not a part of this list.
Minority in other countries
See also
Geographical distribution of French speakers
Francophonie
List of international organisations which have French as an official language
References
The 1950–51 New York Knicks season was the fifth season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). In the regular season, the Knicks finished in third place in the Eastern Division, and their 36–30 record gave them a berth in the NBA Playoffs for the fifth consecutive year.
New York faced the Boston Celtics in the first round of the Eastern Division playoffs, and won the best-of-three series 2–0 to advance to the division finals. In that series, the Knicks defeated the Syracuse Nationals 3–2 in a best-of-five series, earning the franchise's first trip to the NBA Finals. The Rochester Royals faced the Knicks in the Finals, and won the first three games of the best-of-seven series. New York won the next three games to even up the series, but Rochester won the seventh game by a score of 79–75.
NBA draft
Note: This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Roster
{| class="toccolours" style="font-size: 95%; width: 100%;"|}
|-
! colspan="2" style="background-color: #FF7518; color: #FFFFFF; text-align: center;" | New York Knicks 1950–51 roster
|- style="background-color: #0000FF; color: #FFFFFF; text-align: center;"
! Players !! Coaches
|-
| valign="top" |
{| class="sortable" style="background:transparent; margin:0px; width:100%;"|}
! Pos. !! # !! Nat. !! Name !! Ht. !! Wt. !! From
|-
Regular season
Season standings
x = clinched playoff spot
Record vs. opponents
Game log
Playoffs
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1
| March 20
| @ Boston
| W 83–69
| Vince Boryla (20)
| —
| Boston Garden
| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2
| March 22
| Boston
| W 92–78
| Max Zaslofsky (27)
| Dick McGuire (9)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 2–0
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1
| March 28
| Syracuse
| W 103–92
| Vince Boryla (30)
| Dick McGuire (13)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| March 29
| @ Syracuse
| L 80–102
| Ray Lumpp (16)
| Vandeweghe, McGuire (5)
| State Fair Coliseum
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 3
| March 31
| Syracuse
| W 77–75 (OT)
| Harry Gallatin (18)
| —
| Madison Square Garden III
| 2–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 4
| April 1
| @ Syracuse
| L 83–90
| Max Zaslofsky (20)
| Dick McGuire (9)
| State Fair Coliseum
| 2–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 5
| April 4
| Syracuse
| W 83–81
| Vince Boryla (23)
| Ernie Vandeweghe (5)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 3–2
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 1
| April 7
| @ Rochester
| L 65–92
| Vince Boryla (13)
| Simmons, Clifton (10)
| Ernie Vandeweghe (4)
| Edgerton Park Arena4,200
| 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| April 8
| @ Rochester
| L 84–99
| Max Zaslofsky (28)
| Harry Gallatin (17)
| Vince Boryla (7)
| Edgerton Park Arena4,200
| 0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| April 11
| Rochester
| L 71–78
| Vince Boryla (20)
| Nat Clifton (11)
| Dick McGuire (7)
| 69th Regiment Armory5,000
| 0–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 4
| April 13
| Rochester
| W 79–73
| Harry Gallatin (22)
| Nat Clifton (17)
| Zaslofsky, Clifton (6)
| 69th Regiment Armory4,000
| 1–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 5
| April 15
| @ Rochester
| W 92–89
| Connie Simmons (26)
| Nat Clifton (10)
| Nat Clifton (7)
| Edgerton Park Arena4,200
| 2–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 6
| April 18
| Rochester
| W 80–73
| Max Zaslofsky (23)
| Ernie Vandeweghe (8)
| Dick McGuire (6)
| 69th Regiment Armory4,500
| 3–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 7
| April 21
| @ Rochester
| L 75–79
| Zaslofsky, Boryla (16)
| Harry Gallatin (10)
| Ernie Vandeweghe (5)
| Edgerton Park Arena4,200
| 3–4
|-
Player statistics
Season
Playoffs
Awards and records
Dick McGuire, All-NBA Second Team
See also
1950–51 NBA season
References
External links
1950–51 New York Knickerbockers Statistics
Royals Reign, Despite Knicks' Unlikely Comeback
New York Knicks
New York Knicks seasons
New York Knicks
New York Knicks seasons
1950s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Nephopterix hastiferella is a species of snout moth in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1887. It is found in Central Asia (it was described from Marghilan).
References
Moths described in 1887
Phycitini
Mwense District is a district of Zambia, located in Luapula Province. The capital lies at Mwense. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 105,759 people.
Its top tourist attraction is the Mumbuluma falls, which is a set of waterfalls and are a national monument of Zambia. The Falls is made up of two waterfalls occurring in succession, an upper and lower falls.
The district is also home to the Mambilima falls, which is a series of rapids in the Luapula river, about 50 km from the Mumbuluma falls on the boarder between Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
References
Districts of Luapula Province
Rea Peak is a peak, 590 m, lying nearly 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Rose Peak and 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) northwest of Mount Hopeful in the central part of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960 for Henry Rea, Master of the Enderby Brothers' schooner the tender Rose to continue John Biscoe's Antarctic researches. The Antarctic voyage was abandoned after the December 1833 or January 1834.
Mountains of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Cidra is a barrio in the municipality of Añasco, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 326.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Cidra, Carreras and Espino barrios was 1,281.
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Cidra barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Añasco, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Añasco, Puerto Rico
Jurica is a Croatian given name. Notable people with the name include:
Jurica Buljat (born 1986), Croatian football defender, currently playing for Maccabi Haifa
Jurica Golemac (born 1977), Slovenian professional basketball player
Jurica Grabušić (born 1983), Croatian athlete who specializes in the 110 metre hurdles
Jurica Jerković (born 1950), former Croatian footballer
Jurica Pađen, (born 1955), Croatian singer and guitarist
Jurica Pavičić (born 1965), Croatian writer and journalist
Jurica Pavlic (born 1989), Croatian speedway rider
Jurica Puljiz (born 1979), Croatian football defender
Jurica Siljanoski (born 1973), ethnic Macedonian professional footballer
Jurica Vranješ (born 1980), Croatian football midfielder
Jurica Vučko (born 1976), Croatian football striker
See also
Neven Jurica (born 1952), Croatian politician; Jurica is here the surname
Jura
Juraj
Croatian masculine given names
Karen Sheila Gillan (; born 28 November 1987) is a Scottish actress. She gained recognition for her work in British film and television, particularly for playing Amy Pond, a primary companion to the Eleventh Doctor in the science fiction series Doctor Who (2010–2013), for which she received several awards and nominations. Her early film roles include Ally in the thriller film Outcast (2010) and Jane Lockhart in the romantic comedy film Not Another Happy Ending (2013). She also worked on the stage while in Britain, appearing in John Osborne's play Inadmissible Evidence (2011) before making her Broadway debut in the play Time to Act (2013).
Gillan made her transition to Hollywood starring as Kaylie Russell in the horror film Oculus (2013), her first commercial success in the United States, and thereafter played the lead in the sitcom Selfie (2014). She achieved international stardom for portraying Nebula in the Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero films Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Avengers: Endgame (2019), and Thor: Love and Thunder (2022); she will reprise the role in the upcoming film Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 (2023). She additionally was praised for her portrayals of Ruby Roundhouse in the action films Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017) and Jumanji: The Next Level (2019), Sam in the comedy film Gunpowder Milkshake (2021) and her double role in the sci-fi thriller film Dual (2022).
Gillan's accolades include an Empire Award, a National Television Award, a Teen Choice Award and nominations for a British Academy Scotland Film Award, a Critics' Choice Award and a Saturn Award. Aside from acting, she garnered critical acclaim for her involvement as writer and director in the drama film The Party's Just Beginning (2018), which she also headlined. She has been noted for her public image and activism, particularly towards suicide prevention.
Early life
Karen Sheila Gillan was born in Inverness on 28 November 1987, the daughter of Marie and Raymond John Gillan. Her father is from Sunderland in North East England. Although she comes from a Catholic background, she says that she was not baptised and does not practise a religion.
When she turned 16, she moved to Edinburgh and completed a HNC Acting and Performance course at Telford College. She moved to London at age 18 to study at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts. While there, she was scouted by a modelling agency. Prior to her acting career, she worked as a model, premiering at London Fashion Week in 2007. Gillan has said she would not give up her acting career to return to modelling, stating that while she enjoyed modelling, acting had always been her main interest and goal.
Career
2006–2012: British film and television
Gillan's early television acting career included guest appearances on several television shows, with her first role being in an episode of ITV crime drama Rebus, a role for which she had to drop out of school.
Gillan undertook a 2-year stint as a member of the ensemble cast of the sketch comedy series The Kevin Bishop Show, in which she played multiple characters including celebrities such as Katy Perry and Angelina Jolie. Gillan also appeared on TV in a leading role in a horror project entitled The Well, which was broadcast as a series of episodic short films on BBC Two and later as a web series on BBC.co.uk. Part of the BBC's multimedia "switch" programming, the short episodes interconnect with online games that further explore the environments presented in the series. In 2008, she starred in the Channel 4 television film Stacked.
Gillan went on to portray Amy Pond, companion to the Eleventh Doctor (portrayed by Matt Smith), on the British sci-fi series Doctor Who. Before being cast in the role in May 2009, she had previously appeared on Doctor Who in Series 4 episode "The Fires of Pompeii" in the role of a soothsayer. She made her first on-screen appearance as Amy in "The Eleventh Hour" with her cousin Caitlin Blackwood portraying a younger version of the same character. In 2010, she won in the Entertainment category at the Young Scot Awards. She appeared in the sixth series in 2011 and the first five episodes of the seventh series in 2012, after which her character and Rory Williams (portrayed by Arthur Darvill) left the series. Gillan reprised her role in the 2013 Christmas special "The Time of the Doctor", to coincide with Smith's departure as the Doctor.
In 2011, Gillan made her first theatre appearance playing the role of Shirley in John Osborne's play Inadmissible Evidence along with Douglas Hodge. The play debuted at the Donmar Warehouse on 16 October 2011. After making an appearance in Outcast, it was announced that Gillan would star in an indie Scottish romantic comedy called Not Another Happy Ending alongside Emun Elliott in August 2011. She was selected by director John McKay because he came to know her during the production of We'll Take Manhattan, which he also directed, as "a very bubbly, vibrant, energetic, funny, slightly clumsy person" who was a perfect fit for the character. Filming took place in July 2012, though Elliott was replaced by Stanley Weber. Gillan told journalists that she was happy to be involved in a Scottish production that "isn't about drug use or fighting the English". The film premiered at the Edinburgh International Film Festival in June 2013.
In 2012, Gillan appeared in the television film We'll Take Manhattan playing the part of supermodel Jean Shrimpton, which told the story of Shrimpton's relationship with the photographer David Bailey.
2013–present: Breakthrough in Hollywood
In November 2013, Gillan appeared on Broadway in a play called Time to Act, one of the plays included in "The 24 Hour Plays on Broadway" to benefit the non-profit Urban Arts Partnership. She was also cast in the third season of A Touch of Cloth, which was co-created by Charlie Brooker. Gillan joined the regular cast of Adult Swim's NTSF:SD:SUV:: for the show's third season in 2013. Gillan starred in the lead role in the supernatural horror movie Oculus, which was filmed in Alabama and premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. Her performance received praise, and she earned a Fright Meter Award nomination for Best Actress.In February 2014, Gillan was cast as the lead in Selfie, an American single-camera sitcom for ABC produced by Warner Bros. Television which was greenlit for the 2014–15 US television season. Gillan played a socialite named Eliza Dooley, a modern-day take on Eliza Doolittle, who is obsessed with social media. This was Gillan's first time in the lead role of an American television series. The series was cancelled by ABC on 7 November 2014 after seven episodes; the remaining six episodes were made available on Hulu starting 25 November 2014. Selfie still has a dedicated following of fans years after its broadcast especially in China. In May 2013, Gillan was cast as Nebula in the Marvel superhero science fiction film Guardians of the Galaxy, which was released in August 2014. Gillan had her head shaved bald for the role, which Marvel turned into the wig that Gillan wore during the production of Selfie. In May 2014, Gillan was cast in the Western film In a Valley of Violence directed by Ti West, opposite John Travolta, Ethan Hawke and Taissa Farmiga. Gillan portrayed Ellen, the older sister to Farmiga's character.
In 2015, Gillan had a bit part in the drama film The Big Short directed by Adam McKay, alongside Brad Pitt, Christian Bale, Ryan Gosling, Steve Carell and Melissa Leo. She wrote and directed her first short film, Coward, which screened at the 2015 Edinburgh Film Festival, and was nominated for several awards. Later in the year she wrote, directed, and starred in another short film called Conventional. She won in the Best Female Newcomer category at the 20th Empire Awards for Guardians of the Galaxy and Oculus. In the same year, she was cast in an HBO pilot titled, The Devil You Know.
On 2 November 2016, it was announced that Gillan would write, direct and star in her directorial feature film debut with Burbank-based development and production company Mt. Hollywood Films' indie drama project titled Tupperware Party. Set in her home city of Inverness in the Scottish Highlands, filming began in January 2017 and wrapped in the following month. The title of the film was later changed to The Party's Just Beginning. The film was nominated for Best Feature Film at the British Academy Scotland Awards.
In 2017, Gillan reprised her role as Nebula in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, this time becoming a member of the film's eponymous team, and co-starred in The Circle, alongside Emma Watson, Tom Hanks, and John Boyega. The latter film, released in April, was directed and written by James Ponsoldt, and was based on the novel by Dave Eggers. Also in that year, Gillan played the lead female role, Ruby Roundhouse, in Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, the third instalment of the Jumanji franchise, starring alongside Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, Jack Black and Nick Jonas. She reprised her role as Nebula in Avengers: Infinity War (2018) and Avengers: Endgame (2019), which were filmed back-to-back. Filming for the two films began in January 2017 at Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Fayette County, Georgia and ended in January 2018.
In 2019, aside from her leading role in Avengers: Endgame, she co-starred in the films Stuber and Spies in Disguise, and starred in All Creatures Here Below. Also in 2019, she reprised her role as Ruby Roundhouse in Jumanji: The Next Level and appeared in a short film titled, Neurotica. In 2020, she appeared in the adventure drama The Call of the Wild, based on the Jack London novel. In 2021, Gillan starred in the action film Gunpowder Milkshake alongside Lena Headey, Angela Bassett, Carla Gugino, Michelle Yeoh and Paul Giamatti. For the role, she was nominated for the Best Actress in an Action Movie at the 2nd Critics' Choice Super Awards.
In 2022, she starred in the sci-fi thriller Dual alongside Aaron Paul, which is filmed entirely in Tampere, Finland. She played a double role, and earned acclaim for her performance. Critic consensus from review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes described her as "well-led", and John DeFore for The Hollywood Reporter said that "Gillan, who has spent much of her post-Doctor Who is a decade playing cyborgs, computer avatars and a thinly imagined assassin, has a barely more human role to play here; to the extent that she makes either Sarah worth rooting for, it's an achievement."
Philanthropy
In 2011, Gillan helped promote Fashion Targets Breast Cancer (FTBC) and the opening of Squirrel Ward at the Great Ormond Street Hospital in London. Gillan has also voiced advertisements for eHarmony and The Royal Bank of Scotland. She also appeared in TV on the Radio's "Happy Idiot" music video, released on 3 October 2014.
In 2018, she visited the Mikeysline crisis support centre in Inverness after presenting her film The Party's Just Beginning. The film is about the high suicide rate in the Scottish Highlands, and Gillan made a public pledge to support the mental health charity. In September 2020, the Inverness Courier reported that a student from Inverness was selected in a competition inspired by The Party's Just Beginning to go to New York Fashion Week, held by Mikeysline and Fashion Week Online, in a contest meant to create awareness for World Suicide Prevention Day.
Personal life
During a 2012 interview on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, Gillan stated that she had permanently relocated to the U.S. around the time she was shooting the film Oculus (2013).
In May 2022, Gillan married Nick Kocher, an American comedian of the sketch duo BriTANicK, in a ceremony at Castle Toward, in Dunoon, Scotland.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Inverness
Scottish expatriates in the United States
Scottish people of English descent
Scottish people of Irish descent
Anglo-Scots
Alumni of the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts
21st-century Scottish actresses
Scottish female models
Scottish film actresses
Scottish television actresses
Scottish voice actresses
The EG Awards of 2007 are the second Annual The Age EG (Entertainment Guide) Awards and took place at the Prince of Wales in November 2007.
Hall of Fame inductees
Kim Salmon
The Age music writer Patrick Donovan said Salmon's sound extended beyond Australia, influencing the likes of Nirvana and Mudhoney. Donovan said "There's an argument … that grunge was actually invented in Australia by garage bands like The Scientists, the Cosmic Psychos and the Lime Spiders, Kim has spent much of his career confounding people as he experimented and evolved. We are the better for it."
Award nominees and winners
Winners indicated below in boldface
References
2007 in Australian music
2007 music awards
Music Victoria Awards
Urvashi Bharathi is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and produced by Ramachandran. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Innocent and Adoor Bhasi. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy. and story A.V. Francis.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Vincent
Sudheer
Raghavan
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
T. S. Muthaiah
Paul Vengola
Bahadoor
Kaduvakulam Antony
Pattom Sadan
N. Govindankutty
Paravoor Bharathan
Innocent
Jayabharathi
Meena
Sadhana
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Otto Nagel (23 February 1889 – 2 September 1947) was a Danish wrestler. He competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1889 births
1947 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Denmark
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Danish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Copenhagen
Andriy Cherepko (; born 17 January 1997) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper.
Career
Cherepko is a product of the Uzhhorod Youth Sportive School System. In 2015 after playing in the amateur level, he signed a contract with FC Hoverla, but played only in the FC Hoverla Uzhhorod reserves. In the main-team squad Cherepko made his debut as a substitute in the match against FC Volyn Lutsk on 14 May 2016 in the Ukrainian Premier League.
References
External links
Profile at UAF Official Site (Ukr)
1997 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Kisvárda FC players
FC Mynai players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Association football goalkeepers
MFA Mukachevo players
Sportspeople from Zakarpattia Oblast
The 2015 Stony Brook Seawolves football team represented Stony Brook University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Seawolves competed as third year members of the Colonial Athletic Association with Chuck Priore as the head coach for his tenth season. They played their home games at Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium in Stony Brook, New York. They finished the season 5–5, 3–5 in CAA play to finish in a four-way tie for seventh place.
Schedule
Source: Schedule
The game was delayed due to thunderstorms at 7:51 PM, and resumed at around 9:50 PM. It was halted again just before the start of the second half and was then suspended at around 12:13 AM. Toledo was leading Stony Brook 16–7 prior to the game being suspended. Toledo wanted to resume the game the next day, but Stony Brook feared its players would not have been able to get home at a reasonable hour. As there was no room to make the game up later in the season, it was officially declared "no contest."
Game summaries
at Toledo
This game was suspended just before the start of the second half due to thunderstorms. It had been delayed three times due to lightning. The Rockets wanted to finish the game the next day, but this would have forced Stony Brook to miss its chartered flight and take an 11-hour bus ride back to Long Island. Stony Brook officials felt this was an unacceptable risk to their players' safety. There was no room in the schedule to finish the game, and it was officially declared "no contest."
Central Connecticut
New Hampshire
William & Mary
at James Madison
Towson
at Maine
Elon
Howard
at Rhode Island
Albany
References
Stony Brook
Stony Brook Seawolves football seasons
Stony Brook Seawolves football
Rastodentidae is a taxonomic family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.
According to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi (2005) the family Rastodentidae has no subfamilies.
Genera
Genera within the family Rastodentidae include:
Rastodens Ponder, 1966
Tridentifera Ponder, 1966
References
Further reading
Taxonomicon (not up-to-date)
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Taxa named by Winston Ponder
Alexander Stewart Ferguson "Alex" Hood (born 1935) is an Australian folk singer, writer, actor, children's entertainer/educator and folklorist. He is regarded as one of Australia's most prolific writers and entertainers.
Biography
Early life
Hood was born in Sydney and attended Homebush Boys High School, where he gained his Intermediate Certificate. As a teenager he was a keen cricketer but left school at age 15 to take up an apprenticeship as an electrician. He joined the Eureka Youth League, a communist youth association, meeting Bill Berry and Chris Kempster. Kempster, along with the older singer and folklorist John Meredith, a founding member of the (original) Bushwhackers (Australia's first bush band), were members of the Unity Singers, a Sydney left-wing choir formed in 1951.
Initial musical influences and career
In 1953 Reedy River, a new Australian musical play based around the 1891 Australian shearers' strike, was created, opening first at the Melbourne New Theatre and then subsequently in Sydney's New Theatre, also in 1953. For the Sydney production, Meredith's Bushwhackers group were selected to provide the musical accompaniment; Hood spent some time "hanging around backstage" and, when Kempster had to take three months leave to perform his national service, the nineteen year old Hood, then known as Alec, deputised for him playing the part of "Snowy". (Hood also later took on the part of "Bob the Swagman" for a time, otherwise played by Cecil Grivas).
As a result of this involvement, Hood acquired a love of traditional Australian "bush" music and both he and Kempster became accepted members of the band, which however eventually led to friction between them (as the younger members) and Meredith, who decided that the best course of action was to disband the group in 1957, telling the various members that if they wanted to carry on performing, it would be under the auspices of the Sydney "Bush Music Club" (still in existence as at 2020) with which they had all been associated, but no longer under the "Bushwhackers" band name. Hood, together with Kempster on guitar and banjo and Harry Kay on harmonica then formed "The Rambleers", utilizing their preference to sing in harmony as opposed to the unison singing style of the Bushwhackers. The group toured and released a 10-inch LP The Old Bark Hut followed with a 7-inch 33 rpm record Waltzing Matilda, both 1958, and also appeared in a 1960 stage production Fisher's Ghost, a play by Douglas Stewart based on the Fisher's Ghost legend, together with singers Barbara Lisyak and Denis Kevans.
In 1962 Hood teamed up with British singer Chuck Quinton as "The Rambling Boys", spending several months touring with the "Gill Brothers" circus troupe before taking off on their own touring throughout outback New South Wale. Hood and his first wife, Gabrielle, subsequently established the Folk Arts Centre at 90 Queen Street, Woollahra, modelled after Israel Young's Folklore Centre in Greenwich Village, New York City, however the Centre lasted only a year before closing.
From 1961-1962 Hood joined the Australian folk/jazz singer Marian Henderson and international jazz guitarist/ commercial artist Chris Daw, recently arrived in Sydney, in a trio "Daw, Hood And Henderson" which released an EP Oh Pay Me (1962); he also performed (solo) on a various artist 1964 EP Basic Wage Dream. He also worked with guitarist Brian Godden as "The Prodigal Sons" (active 1968-69), who recorded a single entitled The Didgeridoo/The Girl On The Five Dollar Note, released by Parlophone Australia in 1969.
Hood released his first solo LP Alex Hood Sings of Australia's First Hundred Years in 1964 in conjunction with a pocket songbook. This was followed by a number of other albums including The Second Hundred Years (1970), Songs From the Wallaby Track (c. 1971), Seasons of Change (1975), Songs While the Billy Boils (also released as Songs Of Australia) (1977), Me and My Friends (1979), Sydney or The Bush (c. 1982) and Me and More Friends (1991). He also contributed to a book + LP release The Restless Years in 1968, along with the actor/reciter Peter O'Shaughnessy and singer Marian Henderson (the package was a spin-off of a 1967 TV film of the same name written and acted in by O'Shaughnessy), and was instrumental in getting the Scottish-Australian singer Harry Robertson recorded for the label MFP Australia in 1971, during which he took the lead vocal on two of Harry's songs on the resulting Robertson album Whale Chasing Men: Songs of Whaling in Ice and Sun.
In conjunction with his albums of songs, Hood wrote a number of books, plays and folk operas for children, including "Pumpkin Paddy meets the Bunyip" and "Brumby Jack Saves the Wild Bush Horses" (both 1972), "The Flying Pieman" (1974), "Herman's German band meets Thunderbolt" (1974) with Robert Smith, and "Speewah" (1978). Songs from "The Flying Pieman" were also released on LP in c. 1974.
Field and oral history recordings
Hood began to record traditional music, folklore and oral histories when he was touring in rural New South Wales in 1968. In 1972 he recorded Aboriginal children of Arnhem Land singing and chanting while on an Arts Council tour of the Northern Territory. These recordings became part of the Alex and Annette Hood Collection now held at the National Library of Australia, which consists of about 200 recordings made between 1968 and 2006. The early recordings contain folk music and folklore, but most of the later recordings are oral histories including interviews with miners, drovers, bullock drivers, farmers, folk singers and dancers, as well as a cattle dealer, a photographer, a town planner, a jockey, a conservationist, a coach builder and a doctor, mostly recorded in New South Wales with some forays into Queensland. Included in the interviewees are politicians (Doug Anthony), photographers (Robert Walker), writers (Merv Lilley and Roger Milliss), singers (Marian Henderson) and the dancer Garry Lester.
Australian Folk Theatre (Alex and Annette Hood)
In 1982 Alex met Annette James (b. 1948 in Sydney), who had trained as a dancer, and together they created their "Alex and Annette Hood's Australian Folk Theatre". Subsequently married to Hood, she accompanied him on his country tours and in particular was responsible for the puppets, costumes and backdrops for the Folk Theatre show, which toured Australia for 24 years performing songs, dances, stories and yarns to audiences of children, having completed over 7,500 shows by 2012. The show often featured humanitarian and environmental themes and toured constantly, filling out its busy schools schedule with additional shows for adults and performances at Australian folk festivals.
Later career
Hood kept up a busy schedule as entertainer, recording musician, playwright and actor for many years and was featured in 2014 (aged 78–79) at Sydney's still-operational Bush Music Club, as well as the 2017 Illawarra Folk Festival. Together with his wife Annette, he eventually retired to the Kiama district of New South Wales, where he continues to perform in public on an occasional basis. Meanwhile, Alex and Annette continue to make oral history recordings for the National Library of Australia; by late 2019 there were 63 such sessions added to the relevant collection dated 2010 and later.
Alex and Annette Hood received the 2020 National Folk Festival Lifetime Achievement Award for "significant commitment and contribution to enriching folk music and culture in Australia".
Discography
With The Bushwhackers
Wattle Records "A Series" 78s
A1 The Bushwhackers: The Drover's Dream / The Bullockies' Ball (1956)
A2 The Bushwhackers: Travelling Down the Castlereagh / Australia's on the Wallaby (1956)
A3 The Bushwhackers: Old Bullock Dray / Nine Miles from Gundagai (1956)
A4 The Bushwhackers: Give a Fair Go / Rabbiter (not issued?)
A5 The Bushwhackers: Botany Bay / Click Go the Shears (1956)
A11 The Bushwhackers: Black Velvet Band / The Hut That's Upside-Down (1956)
"B Series" 7" 33rpm EPs
B1 The Bushwhackers: Australian Bush Songs (1957)
?? The Bushwhackers: Nine Miles from Gundagai (1957)
With The Rambleers
The Rambleers: The Old Bark Hut (10" LP) Wattle C 8, 1958
The Rambleers: Waltzing Matilda/The Shearer's Dream" (7" EP) 1958
The Rambleers: The Shearers Dream (78 rpm record) Wattle A17, 1958
...The above recordings reissued on CD with additional tracks as The Rambleers National Library Of Australia/Wattle Recordings (no number), 2002; also includes unreleased recordings for a performance of the Douglas Stewart play "Fisher's Ghost" with singers Barbara Lisyak & Denis Kevans, 1960.
Short films
The following short films were released under the name "Wattle Films". Silvia Salisbury stated in 2012: "These short films used Australian songs sung by Alex Hood as a background to a film version of the song. ... These films were sold to the ABC to be used as fillers when programmes finished early due to the ABC not having advertisements." It is not known whether the vocals used were new recordings, or were recordings already available on previous Wattle releases.
Wattle Ballad Series No. 1 Old Black Billy The Rambleers 1961
Wattle Ballad Series No. 3 Reedy River The Rambleers 1961
Wattle Ballad Series No. 4 The Old Bullock Dray The Bushwhackers 1961
Wattle Ballad Series No. 5 Click Go the Shears The Rambleers 1961
As "Daw, Hood And Henderson" (with Chris Daw and Marian Henderson)
Daw, Hood And Henderson: Oh Pay Me (6 track EP) Blue and White Collar Records BW 1, 1962
Solo and with others
Various artists: Basic Wage Dream (6 track EP) Blue and White Collar Records BW 2, 1964 (as Alec Hood; other tracks by Arthur Greig, Don Ayrton and David Lumsden)
Alex Hood Sings of Australia's First Hundred Years MFP-A8041, 1964
Peter O'Shaughnessy, Marian Henderson and Alex Hood: The Restless Years (Book and accompanying LP). Jacaranda Press, Sydney, 1968 (?1970)
The Second Hundred Years MFP-A8133, 1970
Songs From the Wallaby Track AXIS 6029, c.1971
The Flying Pieman AXIS 6146, c.1974
Seasons of Change AXIS 6218, 1975
Songs While the Billy Boils MFP-A8225, 1977 (?same as Songs Of Australia, AXIS 6007, 1977; the latter subsequently on CD by Sony BMG Music Entertainment 82876869672)
Me and My Friends MFP-A8220, 1979
Sydney or The Bush EMI, 1981 (?1982)
Me and More Friends Albert Productions 469322 2, 1991
Alex Hood sings Australian folk songs in the Alex Hood folklore collection - Recorded on 11 April 2002 in Canberra A.C.T. (not for commercial release, recording available via the National Library of Australia, catalogue record available here)
Included on Various artists: The Songs of Chris Kempster CKP041 2006
Included on Various artists: Songs of Don Henderson Shoestring Records SR 81 2009
Books, plays and notes
The Old Bark Hut (1958): Notes and text of songs to accompany 1958 Rambleers' recording of "The Old Bark Hut", Wattle Recordings
Australian Folksong Songster (1964). Description: "Australian folk songs songster, no. 1 : Authentic Australian folksongs from Alex Hood's L.P. record 'The first hundred years'"
Albert's Australian folksongs song folio. [No. 1] arranged by Alex & Gabrielle Hood (1964)
The Pumpkin Paddy Songster (1970) - Music; for medium voice with guitar chords.
The Wallaby Track : an Australian folk opera in ten episodes / songs presented by Alex Hood ; dialogues for the plays: Alex Hood (1971)
Pumpkin Paddy meets the Bunyip (1972) illustrated by Suzanne Dolesch
Brumby Jack Saves the Wild Bush Horses (1972) illustrated by Suzanne Dolesch
The Flying Pieman: a musical play by Alex Hood (1974)
Bill Jinks and the Whale (1974) illustrated by Bob Smith
Herman's German band meets Thunderbolt (1975) illustrated by Robert Smith
Speewah (1978) drama/musical; illustrated by Penelope Janjic
Eureka : Beneath the Southern Cross (1984) (ABC education radio feature for primary schools)
Songs of Australia (1988)
Queensland Arts Council presents Alex and Annette Hood in Across Capricorn: study guide (1998) [written and edited by Sandra Gattenhof]
References
External links
Alex Hood photographed in 1972 (Getty Images)
Annette and Alex Hood photographed in 2001 - portrait by Loui Seselja
Alex and Annette Hood with Australian Folk Theatre puppets (no further details given)
Alex Hood interviewed by Keith McKenry, 2002. Sound recording, catalogue record in National Library of Australia.
Alex Hood interviewed by Chris Sullivan, 2006. Sound recording, catalogue record in National Library of Australia.
Alex Hood discography on discogs.com
The Bushwhackers - Australian Bush Songs, Wattle Recordings, 1957 - includes reproduction of liner notes/leaflet accompanying the EP Australian Bush Songs
"The Restless Years" original 1967 TV production (review plus links to download as .avi file)
Bush Music Club Gallery - 1952-1957 Bushwhackers - collection of photos, record covers etc. featuring the Bushwhackers (including 2002 reunion)
Paul the Stockman reviews The Restless Years 1968 LP (with audio download file)
Chris and Virginia Woodland Collection - Wake for John Meredith, AM (1920 - 2001) - 24 March 2001 - includes photographs of original Bushwhackers members including Alex Hood
Photographs from the Rambleers reunion, Illawarra Folk Festival, Jamberoo 2002, including Harry Kay, Barbara Lysisk, Alex Hood and Chris Kempster
Alex Hood's reminiscences of the Bushwhackers, at the National Folk Festival 2012 - includes photos plus mp3 audio file of brief talk (2.5 mins)
Transcript of interview with Harry Kay, ex Bushwhackers and Rambleers conducted 17 March 2004 (covers early history of the Bushwhackers, Reedy River, the Rambleers, etc.) [offline as at September 2021]
List of Items authored by Alex Hood in the NLA (National Library of Australia) Collection
List of Items authored by Annette Hood in the NLA (National Library of Australia) Collection
Australian folk singers
Living people
1935 births
Cameraria walsinghami is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 4.5-5.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Lithocarpus densiflorus var. echinoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is oblong and the epidermis is opaque yellow tan. The mines are usually found on both sides of the midrib or, rarely, to one side of the midrib on larger leaves. The mines are always solitary, with one or two short longitudinal folds, always at the edge of the leaf.
Etymology
The species is named in honor of Lord Walsingham (Thomas de Grey), a pioneer microlepidopterist who had collected extensively in the general areas of the type-locality during 1871-1872.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Fauna of California
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1981
Leaf miners
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
Jelena Jensen (born October 7, 1981) is an American pornographic film actress, nude model, and webcam model.
Early life
Jensen was born in Los Angeles, California. She is of German descent. She attended Chapman University in Orange County, California and graduated in May 2003 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in film and television production. Jensen had her start in the porn industry while in college, as a product and marketing manager for an adult DVD retail website.
Career
Jensen had her first photo shoot with Scott St. James, which was published in the August 2003 edition of Club magazine. Since then she has worked with many photographers, including Suze Randall, Holly Randall, and Ken Marcus; and with directors such as Andrew Blake and Bunny Luv. Originally only a "softcore" actress, in 2009 she began performing hardcore penetrative scenes for her website.
Jensen has appeared in Playboy, Penthouse, and Hustler. She had a recurring role in Digital Playground's Jack's Playground series, hosted Playboy TV's Totally Busted, and had a cameo appearance in the dark comedy–horror film Bad Biology (2010).
, Jensen runs her own website, manages other performers' sites, and hosts the Vivid Radio show The J Spot.
Awards
2010 XBIZ Award – Web Babe of the Year
2013 AVN Award – Best Solo Girl Website
2020 AVN Hall of Fame
References
External links
1981 births
Actresses from Los Angeles
American female adult models
American pornographic film actresses
American people of German descent
Chapman University alumni
Living people
Penthouse Pets
Pornographic film actors from California
Webcam models
21st-century American women
Mel Queen is the name of:
Mel Queen (pitcher) (1918–1982), MLB pitcher
Mel Queen (pitcher/outfielder) (1942–2011), MLB player/manager
Mitella diphylla (twoleaf miterwort, two-leaved mitrewort, or bishop's cap) is a clump forming, open woodland plant native to northeast and midwest regions of North America.
Description
Miterwort grows from a rhizomatous root system with fibrous roots. Leaves are coarsely toothed with 3-5 shallow lobes. Most leaves are basal, and there is one opposite pair of stemless leaves on each flower stalk.
Tiny flowers with finely divided, lacy white petals are produced in mid-spring in racemes on stems growing from tall.
The seeds are tiny, , produced in small green cups, formed from the sepals of the flower, and when ripe are shiny and black. They are spread when raindrops hit the cups and splash the seeds out.
It grows in high quality mesic forests on moist, mossy ledges and north-facing slopes. The Latin specific epithet diphylla means two-leaved and is in reference to the non-basal leaves.
Ecology
The flowers produce both pollen and nectar. Due to their small size, they are mainly visited by small bees and flies: for instance, Lasioglossum sweat bees, small carpenter bees (Ceratina) and hoverflies.
Cultivation
This species is grown as an ornamental plant in shade gardens. It prefers wet-mesic to dry soil and partial shade.
References
diphylla
Flora of North America
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Jens Wöhrmann (born 8 September 1967) is a former professional tennis player from Germany.
Career
Wöhrmann had a win over world number nine Jakob Hlasek en route to a semi-final exit at the Stuttgart Outdoor tournament in 1989. He finished the season well, making the quarter-finals in Frankfurt and in the Stockholm Open.
Now ranked in the top 100, Wöhrmann gained direct entry into the 1990 Australian Open, his first Grand Slam appearance. He defeated Soviet player Andres Võsand in the opening round, then lost in four sets to Lars-Anders Wahlgren. At the 1990 Wimbledon Championships he also made the second round, where he was beaten by Milan Šrejber. He had defeated American Brian Garrow in the first round. In the 1990 BMW Open he had two big wins, over Yannick Noah (for the second time in his career) and countryman Carl-Uwe Steeb. He lost to Petr Korda in the quarter-finals. Also that year, Wöhrmann represented West Germany in a Davis Cup tie against Argentina in Buenos Aires. The German played the first rubber, against Alberto Mancini, which he lost.
Challenger titles
Singles: (1)
Doubles: (1)
References
1967 births
Living people
West German male tennis players
German male tennis players
Sportspeople from Siegen
Tennis people from North Rhine-Westphalia
Callimetopus shavrini is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Barševskis in 2015.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2015
The Magdalen Islands sandcastle competition is an annual tourist event held at the Sandy Hook beach on L'Île-du-Havre-Aubert in the Magdalen Islands. It is claimed to be the biggest sand building competition in the world.
History
The first competition took place on August 15, 1987 and attracted over 1000 visitors. Started by Nicole Grégoire, Albert Cummings and Claude Bourque, who wanted to have a free family event in the Magdalen Islands. The initial budget was only $17,000, and had 21 different teams totaling 400 participants.
In 1989, only 2 years after the first competition, the number of visitors had surpassed . That same year, the founders gave the Corporation Châteaux de Sable des Iles the mandate to continue the event and since then the event takes place on the last weekend of the Acadian Festival.
In 2020, a virtual competition was held instead due to COVID-19.
Procedure
The competition is held on the second weekend of August, from Friday to Saturday. A sandcastle construction workshop and tips for making a good sandcastle are given by a specialist on Friday afternoon. Teams then use the rest of Friday to sculpt the mound of sand the castle or structure is built upon, and Saturday is used for sculpting the structure. The awards ceremony takes place at around 4:30 pm the same day.
There are three categories of participants: Family, Adult and Freestyle, the latter not having to build a castle. Participants of the adult class must make their castle at least 1 meter high. All awards given out are chosen by the public. There is also a prize for the team with the best animation, such as music and costumes. Finally, there are participation awards given by the sponsors.
References
External links
Official site of the competition
Magdalen Islands
Sand art
Competitions in Canada
Uncle Henry's is an American online and printed classified advertisements repository, founded by Henry Faller in Rockland, Maine, and printed in Augusta, Maine.
Established in 1969, Uncle Henry's helps people buy, sell, swap or trade a variety of items. Its tagline is Most Anything Under the Sun. It is published weekly on Thursdays and is priced at $2.00 for the printed edition. In addition to Maine, the printed version is available in New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts and New Brunswick, Canada (where it is $2.25). Digital "satellite" versions are available for download in Georgia and Indiana. Adverts are limited to thirty words.
A radio show, named Talkin' Deals, is broadcast on Saturdays via streaming and on the Maine radio stations WLOB, WBAN, WEZR and WPNO.
Uncle Henry's was the inspiration for the reality television programme Down East Dickering, on which it is referred to as the bible.
Founder
Henry Conrad Faller (August 14 1927 – March 21 2012) was born in Newark, New Jersey, the son of William and Cecilia. He married Helen Sonnenberg in 1952, and the couple moved to Maine to live and raise their family. The couple started their own printing establishment in Rockland, Maine, in 1968. He printed the first edition of Uncle Henry's the following year.
He retired in 1989 and died, after a battle with Alzheimer's disease, in 2012, aged 84.
References
External links
Uncle Henry's official website
Weekly magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1969
Magazines published in Maine
Online magazines published in the United States
Club Always Ready, better known as Always Ready, is a Bolivian football club from La Paz which plays its home games in nearby El Alto. Due to the jerseys the team is also known as Banda Roja, or the red band.
History
Club Always Ready was founded on 13 April 1933. The team took part in the La Paz championship, which was held in 1950 under semi-professional conditions; it was organized by La Paz Football Association (LPFA). Despite not having any official status, the winner of the tournament was widely considered the de facto champion of Bolivia. Always Ready earned their first title in 1951. In the following two years, the team was runner-up.
From 1954 onwards, teams from Cochabamba and Oruro participated in the now-called Torneo Integrado, a much larger tournament than the La Paz championship; Always Ready found themselves withdrawing from the competition as it found it difficult to retain key players. Always Ready's resurgence was not until 1956. The team secured its second national title in 1957 for the last time.
Always Ready was the first Bolivian team to do a tour outside Bolivia: from August to November 1961, the club toured Europe.
In 1967, the club obtained second place in its national league; that allowed Always Ready to participate in South America's most prestigious club event: the Copa Libertadores. However, the results were disappointing as they went out in the first round without winning a single match. Nevertheless, Always Ready won that same year's city championship and finished 5th in the national standings.
In 1977 Always Ready was one of the founding members of the new national professional league, where it stayed until 1981, when they were relegated to the second division. They achieved promotion in 1987, but in 1991 they descended again and did not reach promotion until 2019, 28 years later.
In 2018, Always Ready returned to the top flight for the first time since 1991 by winning the Copa Simón Bolívar after beating Avilés Industrial 3–0 in the final.
In 2020, Always Ready won the Torneo Apertura championship of the top-flight División Profesional after defeating Nacional Potosí away from home in the last match of the season on December 31.
Always Ready in CONMEBOL competitions
Copa Libertadores: 3 appearances
1968 – First Stage
2021 – Group Stage
2022 – Group Stage
Copa Sudamericana: 1 appearance
2020 – First Stage
Honours
División Profesional: 3; 1951, 1957, 2020
Copa Simón Bolívar: 1; 2018
Current squad
References
External links
Final standings in Bolivia – 1950 to 1990
Bolivian Soccer Championship, results and tables
Always cumple 75 años de trayectoria (Spanish)
Siempre listos (Spanish)
SoccerWay Profile
Football clubs in Bolivia
Football clubs in La Paz
Association football clubs established in 1933
1933 establishments in Bolivia
Jonathan Koppell is the President of Montclair State University, Montclair New Jersey. He previously served as dean of the Watts College of Public Service & Community Solutions at Arizona State University. Later he served as Provost for Public Service and Social Impact at Arizona State University.
Education
Koppell holds a bachelor's degree from Harvard University and both a doctorate and master's degree from the University of California at Berkeley. His career in public service began as a Research Assistant with the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight in Washington, D.C. from 1993-1995. In 1999, Koppell served as a Guest Scholar at the Brookings Institution while simultaneously holding the title of Markle Fellow of the New America Foundation.
Career
In 2003, Koppell served as Fulbright Lecturer and Professor of Public Administration and Public Policy at Fudan University in Shanghai, China. In 2006, Koppell was named an associate professor at Yale University of Political Science and the Director of the university's Millstein Center for Corporate Governance and Performance. Koppell became Chairman of the City of New Haven, Connecticut Development Commission in 2008. In 2012 the National Academy of Public Administration chose Koppell as one of its nearly 800 Fellows.
Koppell joined Arizona State University in 2010 as Director of the School of Public Affairs. In 2011, he became Dean of the College of Public Service & Community Solutions at Arizona State University, succeeding Debra Friedman. In 2018, his college gained the prefix "Watts" after a $30 million dollar donation from Mike and Cindy Watts.
In 2021, Koppell became President of Montclair State University, succeeding President Susan A. Cole.
Academic work
Koppell has conducted research related to the structure and administration of complex organizations, corporate governance, financial regulation, and government involvement in for-profit enterprise.
He is the author of two books:
World Rule: Legitimacy, Accountability and the Design of Global Governance (2010)
The Politics of Quasi-Government: Hybrid Organizations and the Dynamics of Bureaucratic Control (2003)
References
Living people
1970 births
Harvard University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Arizona State University faculty
Public administration scholars
Fellows of the United States National Academy of Public Administration
PrivatOS was an operating system used in the Blackphone from June 1, 2014, to June 30, 2016. It was targeted at users who sought improved privacy and security. It provided encryption for phone calls, emails, texts, and internet browsing. PrivatOS was a modified version of Android, forked from Android 4.4.2, that came with a bundle of security-minded tools. However, in contrast to Android, PrivatOS was not open source. The company that shipped PrivatOS, SGP Technologies is a joint venture between the makers of GeeksPhone, and Silent Circle.
Background
The concept of an encrypted phone had long been an interest of Silent Circle founder and PGP creator, Phil Zimmerman. In a video on Blackphone's website, Zimmerman said,
Features
The company stated its operating system was able to “close all backdoors” which were usually found on major mobile operating systems. Some major features of PrivatOS were anonymous search, privacy-enabled bundled apps, smart disabling of Wi-Fi except trusted hotspots, more control in app permissions, private communication (calling, texting, video chat, browsing, file sharing and conference calls). Geeksphone also claimed the phone would receive frequent secure updates from Blackphone directly.
Reception
Ars Technica praised that the Blackphone's Security Center in PrivatOS gave control over app permissions and liked that PrivatOS came bundled with the Silent Phone, Silent Text, Disconnect VPN and Disconnect Search services. Ars did not like that the phone's performance was mediocre, using a custom OS meant no Google Play or any of the other benefits of the Google ecosystem, spotty support for sideloaded apps, and reliance on Amazon or other third-party app stores. After a month of using the device, Joshua Drake from Accuvant concluded that Blackphone's security claims were overstated, criticizing the closed-source nature of the OS and a lack of OS or kernel hardening features, but praising its fast patching and added features.
References
Android (operating system) devices
Proprietary operating systems
Secure telephones
Android forks
2014 software
Mikhail Yuryevich Sinyov (; born 21 June 1972) is a Russian former professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Top League in 1991 for PFC CSKA Moscow.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1991.
Russian Premier League bronze: 2003.
Soviet Cup finalist: 1992.
European club competitions
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup 1994–95 with PFC CSKA Moscow: 2 games.
UEFA Cup 2004–05 qualification with FC Rubin Kazan: 2 games.
UEFA Cup 2006–07 qualification with FC Rubin Kazan: 1 game.
UEFA Intertoto Cup 2007 with FC Rubin Kazan: 4 games.
References
1972 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
FC Arsenal Tula players
FC Moscow players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Ural Yekaterinburg players
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
The Albert Lewin House at 512-514 Palisades Beach Road in Santa Monica, California was designed by the Modernist architects Richard Neutra and Peter Pfisterer for the film producer Albert Lewin and built in 1938. It was built by Frank A. Hellenthal. It is 5400 sq ft in size. Lewin was familiar with Neutra's work from his designs for the Von Sternberg House and the nearby Sten Frenke House. The house is clad in white stucco and situated on a long and narrow plot on the beach near the Santa Monica Pier. An elliptical living room is a prominent feature on the ground floor, above it is a balcony accessed from the upstairs bedrooms. The living and dining rooms are situated on the first floor.
Lewin's wife, Millie, was the interior decorator of the house at the time of its construction. Mary Stothart, the wife of composer Herbert Stothart, recalled attending parties at the house with guests including painter Max Ernst, photographer Man Ray and the film director Jean Renoir. Another guest was the poet Charles Reznikoff who quoted Lewin's letters of complaint to Neutra in his novel The Manner Music; Lewin was the model for the character of Paul Pasha in the book. Lewin had been aggrieved by the publication of photographs of the house in an architectural journal. It was illustrated in a Life magazine feature on Californian architecture in October 1945. The house was sold to the actress and writer Mae West in 1954. West renovated the house in 1957; her renovations included the painting of six nude gladiators on a curved wall that led to the six bedrooms on the first floor. West also held psychic demonstrations here with the psychic Richard Ireland. West's pet monkeys overran the house during her tenure.
The French-American architect François de Menil leased the house in the 1980s. It was subsequently owned by the architect Charles Gwathmey who added a swimming pool to the property in 1981. The house was sold in 1988. It was restored by the architect Steven Ehrlich between 1996 and 1998. It was featured in issue 56 of GA Houses. The owners of the house purchased an adjoining lot of 50 x 200 ft into which Erlich's expansion of an entertainment complex and swimming pool was built. The landscape architect Barry Beer created a minimalist garden of lawn and bamboo, with trees planted for privacy. The property was illustrated in the 2002 book Private Landscapes: Modernist Gardens in Southern California.
References
Houses completed in 1938
Richard Neutra buildings
Modernist architecture in California
Buildings and structures in Santa Monica, California
Coccothrinax moaensis is a palm which is endemic to eastern Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. moaensis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
moaensis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1972
The Annunciation Cathedral (also called the Armenian Catholic Cathedral of Cairo) is a religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church that follows the Armenian rite and is located on Mohamed Sabri Street, Abou Alam, Abdine in Cairo, Egypt.
The temple opened in 1926 serves as the headquarters of the Armenian Diocese of Iskanderiya also known as the Armenian Catholic Eparchy of Alexandria (Eparchia Alexandrina Armenorum) which was created in 1885 by Pope Leo XIII to meet the religious needs of the region's Catholic Armenians .
The cathedral is under the pastoral responsibility of Bishop Kricor-Okosdinos Coussa.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Egypt
References
Armenian Catholic cathedrals
Armenian diaspora in Egypt
Cathedrals in Cairo
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Egypt
Objectivist periodicals are a variety of academic journals, magazines, and newsletters with an editorial perspective explicitly based on Ayn Rand's philosophy of Objectivism. Several early Objectivist periodicals were edited by Rand. She later endorsed two periodicals edited by associates, and a number of others have been founded since her death.
Periodicals edited by Ayn Rand
From 1961 to 1976, Rand was publisher and editor (sometimes co-editor) for three different periodicals: The Objectivist Newsletter, The Objectivist, and The Ayn Rand Letter. In addition to editing, Rand wrote many articles for these publications.
The Objectivist Newsletter
The first Objectivist periodical was The Objectivist Newsletter, a four-page newsletter that began publishing in January 1962. The newsletter was co-published by Ayn Rand and Nathaniel Branden and grew out of the previous success of the Nathaniel Branden Institute (NBI), which Branden had founded in 1958 (originally as Nathaniel Branden Lectures) to promote Objectivism. By late 1961, NBI had accumulated a mailing list of over 10,000 people, which was used to announce the newsletter.
A number of different writers contributed articles to The Objectivist Newsletter, including Martin Anderson, Barbara Branden, Edith Efron, Alan Greenspan, Robert Hessen, and Leonard Peikoff. However, the majority of the articles were written by either Ayn Rand or Nathaniel Branden.
In 1965, Rand and Branden decided to change the format of the publication. In October 1965, they announced that The Objectivist Newsletter would become The Objectivist. This was purely a change of name and format, with business operations, including subscriptions, continuing unchanged.
The Objectivist
In January 1966, The Objectivist replaced The Objectivist Newsletter, with Rand and Branden continuing as co-editors. The renamed publication used a sixteen-page magazine format in place of the previous newsletter format. The number of subscribers continued to climb, reaching 21,000 by the end of 1966. Contributors during this period included economists Alan Greenspan and George Reisman, historian Robert Hessen, neurophysiologist Robert Efron, novelists Erika Holzer and Kay Nolte Smith, and philosopher Leonard Peikoff.
In August 1968, Rand broke off her relationships with both Nathaniel and Barbara Branden. Nathaniel Branden resigned from The Objectivist and signed over his half of the magazine to her. In the May 1968 issue, which appeared at this time because the magazine was then behind schedule, Rand issued a public statement denouncing the Brandens and disassociating herself from them. From this point forward, Rand acted as the sole editor for the magazine, bringing in Peikoff as an associate editor.
In 1971, Rand decided on another format change, going back to a newsletter style publication, in the hope that this would allow her to reach a larger audience. The final issue of The Objectivist was published in September 1971.
The Ayn Rand Letter
In October 1971, Rand began publishing The Ayn Rand Letter. This new publication was produced in the style of a typewritten letter and was published fortnightly. Rand's initial hopes for reaching a wider audience with the newsletter format were not fulfilled. The Letter actually lost subscribers compared to The Objectivist, largely because of the Letter'''s higher subscription price. The newsletter was usually four or six pages long with a single major article per issue, plus occasional announcements and the continuing "Objectivist Calendar" entries. Rand wrote most of the articles herself, in addition to acting as editor and publisher. Leonard Peikoff served as a contributing editor and wrote the articles for six of the newsletter's eighty-one issues.
Beginning in 1973, outside circumstances began to cause delays in production. In March 1973, Rand discovered that a sister she believed to have died was in fact still alive and in the Soviet Union. Rand worked hard to arrange a visit to the United States for her sister. When her sister finally arrived, their reunion turned into fighting over political and philosophical differences. As Hessen described it, "This incident, stretching across eight months, took a heavy toll on her writing and publication schedule, which allocated no time for unexpected interruptions." Several issues of the Letter published during this period bore a postscript: "This Letter was written later than the date that appears on its heading."
Rand attempted to bring the Letter back on schedule, but further delays occurred when she was diagnosed with lung cancer. Each issue continued to bear the date when it should have appeared on the original fortnightly schedule, with the "written later" postscript. By the middle of 1975, issues were appearing eight months behind schedule, with the issue dated August 26, 1974 actually being written in May 1975. In that issue, Peikoff announced that the Letter would become a monthly publication, rather than fortnightly. Rand was unable to sustain this schedule either, and announced at the end of 1975 that the newsletter would cease publication. The final issue appeared in February 1976. It was the last periodical that Rand edited, although she did serve as an adviser to The Objectivist Forum when that magazine began in 1980.
Article reprints
The articles from Rand's three periodicals did not appear only in their respective pages. They were frequently reprinted as pamphlets. Initially these were sold by the NBI Book Service, an affiliate of the Nathaniel Branden Institute. When NBI and its affiliates were closed in 1968, a new Objectivist Book Service began selling the reprints. The Objectivist Book Service later sold reprints from The Ayn Rand Letter until shortly after that publication was discontinued.
In addition to pamphlets, many articles from these periodicals also appeared in books. Articles from The Objectivist Newsletter by Rand and Nathaniel Branden made up most of the content for The Virtue of Selfishness. Rand's next book, Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal, included articles from her and Branden, plus Greenspan and Hessen. Reprints of Rand's articles also appeared in The Romantic Manifesto, The New Left (later revised as Return of the Primitive), Philosophy: Who Needs It, and The Voice of Reason. The content of Rand's Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology was serialized in The Objectivist, and the published book also includes an article by Leonard Peikoff reprinted from that same magazine. Peikoff's articles for The Ayn Rand Letter were material later incorporated into his book The Ominous Parallels.
In 1969, a brief dispute arose between Rand and Nathaniel Branden, over the use of some of his articles from The Objectivist. The copyrights for the articles had been registered in the name of the magazine. When Branden signed over his interest in the company to Rand, he believed they had an understanding that he could re-use the material in his articles for his planned book, The Psychology of Self-Esteem. Rand threatened to withhold her consent to use the material, but took no action when Branden's publisher decided to go forward anyway.
All three of the periodicals edited by Rand were later published in hardcover collections by Palo Alto Book Service. In 2001, all the articles by Rand and Peikoff were incorporated into the Objectivism Research CD-ROM, a searchable e-book of their writings (which was subsequently discontinued).
Other Objectivist periodicals
The Intellectual ActivistThe Intellectual Activist (TIA) was founded in 1979 by Peter Schwartz. It was subsequently edited by Robert Stubblefield (1991–1996) and then by Robert Tracinski. From 1985 onward, TIA was aligned with the Ayn Rand Institute, but in 2005 Tracinski stopped working for the institute, citing internal disputes about political issues as one of his reasons. TIA ceased publishing as a print issue and published only as an online newsletter called TIA Daily. In 2012, Tracinski changed its name to The Tracinski Letter.
The Objectivist ForumThe Objectivist Forum was an Objectivist bimonthly journal published from February 1980 through December 1987.
Rand helped establish it and served as its philosophic consultant until her death in 1982. Harry Binswanger was publisher and editor; Peikoff served as consulting editor.
The Objective StandardThe Objective Standard is a quarterly journal on culture and politics founded by Craig Biddle and Sidney J. Gunst Jr. in 2006, which describes itself as providing "commentary from an Objectivist perspective." Biddle serves as editor for The Objective Standard. Several fellows from the Ayn Rand Institute, such as Yaron Brook, Andrew Bernstein, Tara Smith, Elan Journo, and Alex Epstein, have written for the journal.
The UndercurrentThe Undercurrent was founded in 2005 but has been inactive since 2019. It was available at college campuses and other outlets. It was a student-run, 8-page quarterly that applied the philosophy of Objectivism to current events.
Others
Other Objectivist periodicals include Full Context, Objectivity, and The New Individualist.
In 1988, Karen Reedstrom (later Minto) began publishing a newsletter for the Objectivist Club of Eastern Michigan. In 1990 the newsletter became Full Context, which billed itself as "An International Objectivist Publication." The magazine was published until October 2000. Contributors included Chris Matthew Sciabarra and Tibor Machan, and the magazine published a number of interviews with people associated with Objectivism, including Barbara Branden, Nathaniel Branden, Erika Holzer, and David Kelley.
See also
Bibliography of Ayn Rand and Objectivism
The Journal of Ayn Rand Studies'', an independent journal that discusses Rand and her ideas.
References
Works cited
External links
Full Context
The Intellectual Activist
The Objective Standard
The Objectivist Forum
Hardback collection of The Objectivist Forum
Objectivity
Periodicals
Charalambos Kyriakou may refer to:
Charalambos Kyriakou (footballer, born 1989), Cypriot footballer for Ethnikos Achna
Charalambos Kyriakou (footballer, born 1995), Cypriot footballer for Apollon Limassol
The Nation Lakes are a series of four lakes in the Nation River system of the Omineca Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada. The four lakes are, from west to east (downstream), Tsayta, Indata, Tchentlo, and Chuchi Lakes. Nation Lakes Park was established in 2004 as a result of the Fort St. James Land Resource Management Plan and is a popular canoeing destination.
References
Lakes of British Columbia
Omineca Country
Cassiar Land District
"When We Make Love" is a song by American recording artist Ginuwine, taken from his fifth studio album Back II Da Basics (2005). It was written by Ernest Dixon and Cedric Solomon, while production was helmed by the latter. Released as the album's first single, it peaked at number 51 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, becoming his lowest-charting leading single up to then.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits lifted from the liner notes of Back II Da Basics.
Ivan Corraliza – recording engineer
Ernest Dixon – writer
Ginuwine – vocals
Jason Goldstein – mixing engineer
Dave Kutch – mastering engineer
Cerdric Solomon – writer
Charts
References
Ginuwine songs
2005 singles
Music videos directed by Philip Andelman
2005 songs
Songs written by Ginuwine
Damian Jones (born 30 September 1964) is a British film producer.
His career spans over 40 feature films that include top directing and acting talent to critical and commercial success. Films include the Oscar®-winning The Iron Lady, The Lady in the Van, The History Boys, Belle, Welcome to Sarajevo, Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie, Goodbye Christopher Robin, Millions, Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll, Powder Room, Dad's Army and Noel Clarke's trilogy Kidulthood, Adulthood and Brotherhood.
In recent years Jones' projects have included Michael Winterbottom's Greed for Sony Pictures International Productions and Film4, Argyris Papadimitropoulos's Monday starring Sebastian Stan and Rapman's Blue Story. Blue Story, which Jones produced alongside Joy Gharoro- Akpojotor with partner BBC Film, released through Paramount Pictures to critical acclaim and box office success.
In 2016, the company signed a first look deal with Fox Searchlight, now known as Searchlight Pictures following their acquisition by The Walt Disney Company.
Recent productions include Tom George's Untitled Murder Mystery, Raine Allen-Miller's Untitled Romantic Comedy, Aml Ameen's Boxing Day and Brian & Charles.
He is the founder of DJ Films Ltd and was co-founder of Dragon Pictures and Mission Pictures.
Filmography
1989: The Candy Show 1991: Rubin & Ed (Co-Producer)
1995: Dead Weekend (Executive Producer)
1997: Gridlock'd, Welcome to Sarajevo 1999: A Texas Funeral, Splendor, The Debt Collector 2000: Dancing at the Blue Iguana, Some Voices 2001: Very Annie Mary 2002: Thunderpants 2004: Gladiatress, Millions, Piccadilly Jim (Executive Producer)
2006: Alpha Male, Kidulthood, The History Boys 2007: Straightheads 2008: Adulthood, Northern Star (Executive Producer)
2009: Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll 2011: The Iron Lady 2012: Fast Girls 2013: Belle, Powder Room 2015: The Lady in the Van 2016: A Street Cat Named Bob, Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie, Brotherhood, Dad's Army, The Receptionist 2017: Goodbye Christopher Robin 2019: Blue Story 2020: Monday 2020: Brian & Charles 2021: Boxing Day 2022: The Nan Movie''
References
External links
Official Page
1964 births
Living people
English film producers
Christopher Arkwright (born 8 February 1959) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. He played at representative level for Great Britain, England and Lancashire, and at club level for St Helens as a or .
Playing career
St Helens
Arkwright played in St. Helens 0–16 defeat by Warrington in the 1982–83 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1982–83 season at Central Park, Wigan on 23 October 1982, and played in the 28–16 victory over Wigan in the 1984–85 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1984–85 season at Central Park, Wigan on Sunday 28 October 1984.
Arkwright played , and was captain in St Helens' 18–19 defeat by Halifax in the 1986–87 Challenge Cup Final during the 1986–87 season at Wembley Stadium, London on 2 May 1987.
Arkwright missed most of the 1988–89 season due to injury. He required a knee operation towards the end of the 1987–88 season, and suffered an injury to his other knee during his recovery while playing for the reserve team.
Runcorn Highfield
Arkwright was signed by Runcorn Highfield in October 1990. The transfer fee was set by a tribunal, with Runcorn paying Saints an initial £4,000, plus an additional £2,000 based on future appearances for the club.
In April 1991, he was appointed as player-coach at the club, but quit the role a few months later. He returned to the club (now known as Highfield) as a player in December 1991.
He took charge for a second spell as coach in 1994. He resigned at the end of the 1994–95 season.
International honours
Arkwright won a cap for England while at St. Helens in 1984 against Wales (sub), and won caps for Great Britain while at St. Helens in 1985 against New Zealand (sub) (2 matches).
Personal life
Arkwright is the son of the St Helens and Warrington of the 1960s, John Arkwright, Jr., and the grandson of the rugby league footballer, John "Jack" Arkwright.
References
External links
Profile at saints.org.uk
1959 births
Living people
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
English rugby league players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league locks
St Helens R.F.C. captains
St Helens R.F.C. players
Liverpool City (rugby league) players
Liverpool City coaches
England national rugby league team players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Tikhon of Moscow (, – ), born Vasily Ivanovich Bellavin (), was a bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church (ROC). On 5 November 1917 (OS) he was selected the 11th Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia, after a period of about 200 years of the Synodal rule in the ROC. He was canonised as a confessor by the ROC in 1989.
Early life
From 1878 to 1884, Bellavin studied at the Pskov Theological Seminary. In 1888, at the age of 23, he graduated from the Saint Petersburg Theological Academy as a layman. He then returned to the Pskov Seminary and became an instructor of Moral and Dogmatic Theology. In 1891, at the age of 26, he took monastic vows and was given the name Tikhon in honor of St. Tikhon of Zadonsk. Tikhon was consecrated Bishop of Lublin on 19 October 1897.
Bishop in the United States
On 14 September 1898, he was appointed Bishop of the Aleutian Islands and Alaska. He went to the United States, and eventually became a naturalized American citizen. The peripatetic bishop visited emerging Orthodox emigrant communities in various American cities, including New York City, Chicago and the coal and steel-making cities in Pennsylvania and Ohio.
As head of the ROC diocese in North America, in 1900 he reorganized the diocese and changed its name from the "Of the Aleutian Islands and Alaska" to "Diocese of the Aleutian Islands and North America". He had two auxiliary bishops in the United States: Bishop Innocent (Pustynsky) in Alaska, and St. Raphael (Hawaweeny) in Brooklyn. On 22 May 1901, he blessed the cornerstone for St. Nicholas Cathedral in New York City (fundraising for which had begun in 1894 and to which Tsar Nicholas II contributed $5,000 in 1900) in a great ceremony attended by New York Mayor Seth Low, Russian diplomats and sailors, and enthusiastic worshippers. He celebrated the first liturgy in the new building's basement on July 20, 1902, and in the main hall on November 10, 1902. Tikhon was also involved in building other churches in North America, and establishing a dialog with Greek Orthodox churches in America. On 9 November 1902, he consecrated the church of St. Nicholas in Brooklyn for Syrian Antiochian Orthodox immigrants.
While in the United States, Tikhon became aware of the country's tradition of religious diversity, as well as the growing ecumenical and Pan-Slav movements, and the needs of a wide variety of eastern and southern European immigrants. Before his arrival, in 1890, a delegation of Carpatho-Rusyns also had approached the Russian consul in San Francisco and requested a bishop, since the Latin Catholic archbishop of Minnesota, John Ireland was attempting to force their assimilation, although Byzantine Rite Catholics had previously been accorded certain dispensations from the Roman Rite practices of the Latin Church. Their Byzantine (Ruthenian) Catholic priest, Alexis Toth, was formally accepted into the Russian Orthodox Church in 1892. In 1900, Tikhon attended the consecration of Reginald Heber Weller as coadjutor bishop for the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac, though he was not one of the consecrating bishops (all Episcopalians). More Byzantine Catholics joined the Eastern Orthodox fold, especially priests after 1907, when Pope Pius X published Ea Semper, restricting their previously recognized right to ordain married men.
In 1905, the title of Archbishop was bestowed on him, and he moved his formal residence and diocesan office from San Francisco to New York. In June 1905, the new archbishop gave his blessing for the establishment of a monastery in Pennsylvania, St. Tikhon's Monastery which in the 1930s supported the founding of Saint Tikhon's Orthodox Theological Seminary. On The Holy Trinity Russian (Greek) Orthodox church was consecrated in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, on the corner of McKenzie Street and Manitoba Avenue by the new Archbishop Tikhon, Head of the Russian Orthodox Mission in North America and soon to become Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia. Ukrainian teachers studying at the Ruthenian Training School sang at the consecration ceremony.
Return to Russia and restoration of the Patriarchate
In 1907, Tikhon returned to Russia, having been appointed to the See of Yaroslavl. On 22 December 1913, he was transferred to the diocese of Vilno in Lithuania.
However, the First World War and the Russian Revolution created turmoil in his native land. On 21 June 1917, the Diocesan Congress of clergy and laity elected Tikhon the ruling bishop of Moscow. On 14 August 1917 (OS), Tikhon was raised to the dignity of Metropolitan of Moscow. On the next day, the Local Council of the ROC, the first such convention since the late 17th century, opened in Moscow. The council's major decision that passed on 28 October 1917, days after the Bolsheviks seized power in Petrograd, was to restore the Patriarchy in the ROC. On 5 November 1917, after his election by vote as one of the three candidates for the reinstated Moscow Patriarchate, Metropolitan Vladimir of Kiev announced that Metropolitan Tikhon had been selected for the position after a drawing of lots as the new Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia.
Patriarchate
During the Russian Civil War the patriarch, like the entire Russian Church, was widely considered anti-Bolshevik and many bishops were exiled, imprisoned or even executed by the new regime. Tikhon openly condemned the killings of the tsar's family in 1918, and protested against violent attacks by the Bolsheviks on the church. In 1920, he granted autonomy to what became the Orthodox Church in America and other dioceses of the Church of Russia that were cut off from the governance of the highest church authority (i.e. the patriarch), until such time as normal relations with the highest church authority could be resumed.
In November 1921, many of the Russian bishops, who had fled Russia in 1919–1920, had gathered in Sremski Karlovci, Serbia, and adopted a number of anti-Bolshevik statements; in May the following year Tikhon and his Synod formally dissolved the exile group, which nevertheless continued to exist as a separate Russian ecclesiastical entity, viewed as schismatic by the Moscow Patriarchate until 2007.
In 1922 Russia was afflicted with mass famine. The Communist government used the situation to confiscate ecclesiastical property and to accuse the patriarch of being a saboteur. From April 1922 until June 1923 he resided under house arrest in Donskoy Monastery. His public protest against nationalization of Church property was reframed as a criminal act. This caused international resonance and several countries sent formal protest notes to the Soviet government.
Under pressure from the authorities, Tikhon issued several messages to the believers in which he stated in part that he was "no longer an enemy to the Soviet power". Textual analysis of these messages shows considerable similarity with a number of documents exchanged in the Politburo on the "Tikhon's Affair". Despite his declaration of loyalty, he continued to enjoy the trust of the Orthodox community in Russia. In 1923 Tikhon was "deposed" by a Soviet-sponsored council of the so-called Living Church, which decreed that he was "henceforth a simple citizen—Vasily Bellavin." This deposition has never been recognized as an act of the Russian Orthodox Church, and is therefore considered invalid by both the Russian Orthodox Church, and the Russian Federation.
Death
In 1924 the patriarch fell ill and was hospitalized. On 5 April 1925, he served his last Divine Liturgy, and died two days later, 25 March (OS)/7 April, the Feast of the Annunciation. He was buried on 12 April in the winter church of Donskoy Monastery in Moscow. From the time of his death, he was widely considered a martyr or confessor for the faith.
Canonization
Tikhon was glorified (canonized) a saint by the Synod of Bishops of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in conjunction with the great glorification of the New Martyrs and Confessors of the Soviet Yoke on . He was later glorified by the Moscow Patriarchate during the Bishop's Council of 9–11 October 1989. This later canonization process is generally considered an example of the thaw in church–Soviet relations during the Glasnost era. The American Episcopal Church along with the Anglican Church in North America remember Tikhon with a feast day on their liturgical calendars on the anniversary of his death, April 7.
St Tikhon's relics were believed lost, but on 19 February 1992 his coffin was found in a hidden crypt in the Donskoy Monastery and on 22 February, the coffin was opened and his relics were discovered to be almost entirely incorrupt. The relics were placed in a reliquary and on , fifty bishops solemnly transferred them to the Katholikon (main church) of the Donskoy Monastery in a place of honour by the soleas (close to the sanctuary).
See also
Anti-religious campaign during the Russian Civil War
Persecution of Christians in the Soviet Union
Religion in the Soviet Union
USSR anti-religious campaign (1921–1928)
List of American Eastern Orthodox saints
Notes
References
External links
Biography of St. Tikhon by the Orthodox Church in America
Glorification of St Tikhon, the Apostle to America
Orthodox Icon of St. Tikhon with scenes from his life
Patriarch Tikhon's Ordeal, Moscow's Cathedral of Christ the Savior, 244–266
Fall of Tikon article from Time Magazine, 12 May 1923. Broken link. There is no such article for May 1923.
Saint Patriarch Tikhon – His Missionary Legacy to Orthodox America article from the periodical Orthodox America.
On the Triumph of Orthodoxy a homily by Tikhon.
Hieromartyr Tikhon, Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia Detailed biography.
1865 births
1925 deaths
Metropolitans and Patriarchs of Moscow
American saints of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Russian saints of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Primates of the Orthodox Church in America
Victims of anti-religious campaign in the Soviet Union
Eastern Orthodox missionaries
Russian monarchists
20th-century Eastern Orthodox martyrs
20th-century Christian saints
Anglican saints
Russian anti-communists
Russian bishops
Fredericiagade is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark. It runs from Amaliegade in the south to Rigensgade in the north.
History
Fredericiagade traces its history back to Christian IV's foundation of Nyboder naval barracks in 1631 but different sections of it were then known under individual names. The section from Amaliegade to Bredgade was called Blancogade. The origins of the name are unclear. The section from Bredgade to Store Kongensgade was variously referred to as Akademigade (Academy Street) and Kadetgade (Cadet Street). Both names referred to the Cadet Academy which was located in the street. The sections from Store Kongensgade to Borgergade was called Kaninlængen (The Rabbit Row) and the section from Borgergade to Adelgade was called Bjørnegade (Bear Street). The section from Adelgade to Kronprinsessegade was called Nellikegade. The section from Kronprinsessegade to Rigensgade was called Kokkegade (Cook Street).
The name Fredericiagade was introduced in 1869 at the initiative of city engineer Thorvald Krak to reduce the vast and confusing number of street names in the city. The new name was chosen to honour the town of Fredericia for its role in the Three Years' War.
Notable buildings and residents
The building at the corner with Bredgade has housed Østre Landsret since 1918. It was originally built as opera house from Frederick IV in 1701-02 and was either designed by W.F. von Platen or J.C. Ernst. It was later used as a Cadet Academy and was also used by Rigsdagen after the fire of Christiansborg Palace.
The Hansen Mansion (Mo. 21) is a town mansion from 1835 designed by Jørgen Hansen Koch.
The apartment buildings at No. 4, No. 8, No. 12 and No. 14 all date from the first half of the 1850s and are also listed.
References
External links
Fredericiagade at indenforvoldene.dk
Streets in Copenhagen
Margaritis () is a Greek surname. The female version is Margariti (Greek: Μαργαρίτη). It may refer to:
Alexandros Margaritis (born 1984), Greek-German racing driver
Dimitrios Margaritis, fighter in the Greek War of Independence
Filippos Margaritis, merchant, member of the Filiki Eteria
Filippos Margaritis (1839-1892), Greek photographer
Giorgos Margaritis (born 1991), Greek footballer
Yannis Margaritis, Greek theatre director
See also
Margariti, a municipality in Greece
Margariti, a settlement in Greece
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
GNOME Display Manager (GDM) is a display manager (a graphical login manager) for the windowing systems X11 and Wayland.
The X Window System by default uses the XDM display manager. However, resolving XDM configuration issues typically involves editing a configuration file. GDM allows users to customize or troubleshoot settings without having to resort to a command line. Users can pick their session type on a per-login basis. GDM 2.38.0 is the last version that features customization with themes; subsequent releases do not support themes.
Software architecture
GDM is a display manager that implements all significant features required for managing attached and remote displays. GDM was written from scratch and does not contain any XDM or X Consortium code.
Components
GDM comprises the following components:
Chooser – a program used to select a remote host for managing a display remotely on the attached display (gdm-host-chooser)
Greeter – the graphical login window (provided by GNOME Shell)
Pluggable authentication module (PAM)
X Display Manager Control Protocol (XDMCP)
Hidden features
Until version 2.22, GDM had a few Easter eggs, in the form of strings to be entered in the username box. These can be found in the source file "gui/guilogin.c", in a function named "evil".
Dancing login – type "Start Dancing" to start, and "Stop Dancing" to stop.
(This requires the standard greeter ("GTK+ Greeter"), rather than the graphical one ("Themed Greeter")).
"Gimme Random Cursor" – can be used repeatedly.
This changes the mouse cursor to a randomly selected 1 of 77 different "cursor fonts" as defined in the X11 specification.
"Require Quarter" (or "Require Quater", for backward compatibility with a typo in the original), then log in normally – a dialog box that reads "Please insert 25 cents to log in." appears after entering the password. Clicking "OK" allows the login process to proceed as normal.
Queen of England
Some of the copyright notices of GDM refer to the "Queen of England", whom release announcements from version 2.2.1 also named as a maintainer. Subsequently, developers realised that the title "Queen of England" has not existed since the Acts of Union of 1707.
See also
getty – a non-graphical login program
LightDM
SDDM (KDE Plasma 5)
KDE Display Manager (KDE Plasma 4)
References
External links
GNOME
X display managers
Desejado Lima da Costa was the president of the national election commission of Guinea-Bissau. After the 2012 Guinea-Bissau coup d'état, his son Camilo Lima da Costa told RDP Africa, that the soldiers had looted his father's house but that both his parents were safe. A few months later, on 22 October 2012, Desejado Lima da Costa died in Lisbon.
References
2012 deaths
Year of birth missing
Bissau-Guinean politicians
Bissau-Guinean activists
Dog walking is the act of a person walking with a dog, typically from the dog's residence and then returning. Leashes are commonly used for this. Both owners and pets receive many benefits, including exercise and companionship.
Description
Dogs are restrained by a collar around their neck or a Harness, or by simply following their guardian with familiarity and verbal control. Commonly, the dog is walked by the guardian or another family member, but there are also professional dog walkers.
Dog owners can also go hiking with their dogs. Many trails mandate that the dogs are on leash, in view of the dogs' safety and safety of other hikers.
Health benefits
A study by Michigan State University showed that people who walk their dogs are 34% more likely to meet expected levels of exercise, with a recommended level of 150 minutes of activity such as dog walking per week. Matthew Reeves, the co-author of the study said, "There is no magic bullet in getting people to reach those benchmarks but walking a dog has a measurable impact."
Research conducted by the University of Western Australia has suggested that a higher rate of dog walking within a community tends to cause more interpersonal relationships within that community. The research suggested that people in the community would acknowledge and greet other people in the street, and exchange favors with neighbors, which could possibly encourage more exercise in the community, by giving pets and owners a chance at a healthier lifestyle.
Professional dog walkers
Professional dog walkers, both individuals and businesses, are paid by dog owners to walk their dogs for them. Some dog walkers will take many dogs for a walk at once, while others will only take a single dog. The length of a walk might vary by breed or owner's request, ranging from short walks intended to last no longer than the time it takes for the dog to relieve itself of waste, to longer walks with a specific amount of time set by the owner.
The length of walks should take into account the dog's age. Long walks (over 1 hour) should not be undertaken by dogs under 12 months of age for smaller breeds, up to 18 months for large breeds, to protect their bones and joints while they are still growing. Also growing in popularity is "dog running". Dog runners are professionals who run with dogs, rather than walking with them. In some jurisdictions, dog walking businesses must be licensed and have employees trained in animal first aid. Professional dog walking services can be obtained locally or through online referral services. Obtaining a position as a professional dog walker has become more difficult, with applicants having to pass rigorous exams and go through extensive training. However, whether or not licensing or training is required, all dog walkers who walk other people's dogs must be aware of best practices such as using a fixed-length leash and weather considerations.
In the United States, the first professional dog walker is believed to have been Jim Buck, who in 1960 launched his dog walking service in New York City.
See also
Pet sitting
Pet taxi
Dog daycare
References
External links
Walking
Walking
Walking
Physical exercise
Articles containing video clips
Over the Rainbow () is a 2002 South Korean film starring Lee Jung-jae and Jang Jin-young.
Plot
Weather presenter Jin-su is involved in a car accident, and though physically unhurt, he is left with a case of selective amnesia. Haunted by the memory of a woman he can't quite recall, he sets out to find her identity by revisiting some of his old college friends. The person giving him the most help is Jeong-hee, but as she helps him piece together his broken memories they start to develop feelings for one another, and Jin-su realizes that perhaps his forgotten past isn't worth chasing after all.
Cast
Lee Jung-jae ... Lee Jin-su
Jang Jin-young ... Kang Jeong-hee
Jung Chan ... Choi Sang-in
Uhm Ji-won ... Kim Eun-song
Gong Hyung-jin ... Kim Young-min
Kim Seo-hyung
Choi Jae-won
References
External links
Review at Koreanfilm.org
2002 romantic comedy-drama films
2002 films
2000s Korean-language films
South Korean romantic comedy-drama films
2002 comedy films
2000s South Korean films
Rewrite is a visual novel developed by Key and published by VisualArt's in 2011. A fan disc for Rewrite titled Rewrite Harvest festa! was released in 2012. The discography of Rewrite and Harvest festa! consists of one studio album, seven singles, three soundtracks and seven remix albums. The core of the discography consists of two original soundtrack albums for the visual novels, one for Rewrite and the other for Harvest festa!. The soundtracks were produced by Key Sounds Label and released in 2011 and 2012. The music on the soundtracks was composed and arranged by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi, and Ryō Mizutsuki. An image song album was released in 2016. Seven singles were released between 2011 and 2017: two theme song singles for the visual novel, and five singles for the anime adaptation. A third soundtrack for the anime adaptation was released in 2017. The remix albums contain tracks from the games remixed by various artists and were released between 2011 and 2021.
Albums
Soil
Soil is a remix album which contains a selection of songs from the visual novel Rewrite, remixed by various artists. The album is otherwise composed, and produced by Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi, and Ryō Mizutsuki. This album was released as a bonus item, included with the limited edition first printing of the PC version of Rewrite released on June 24, 2011 by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0070. As a result, it was not released for individual sale. The album contains one disc with ten remixed background music tracks from the visual novel. Annabel provides vocals for the song "Reply".
Rewrite Original Soundtrack
The Rewrite Original Soundtrack, from the visual novel Rewrite, was first released on August 12, 2011 at Comiket 80 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog numbers KSLA-0073–0075. It was later released for general sale on October 28, 2011. The soundtrack contains three discs totaling 63 songs composed, arranged, and produced by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi, Ryō Mizutsuki, Anant-Garde Eyes, MintJam, Donmaru, Manyo, and Manack. Four artists provide vocals for seven songs: Runa Mizutani sings "Philosophyz" and "Yami no Kanata e", Aoi Tada sings "Watari no Uta" and "Canoe", Nagi Yanagi sings "Koibumi" and "Itsuwaranai Kimi e", and Psychic Lover performs "Rewrite".
Branch
Branch is a remix album which contains a selection of songs from the visual novel Rewrite, remixed by various artists. The album is otherwise composed, and produced by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi, and Ryō Mizutsuki. The album was released on December 29, 2011 at Comiket 81 by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0076. The album contains eight remixed background music tracks from the visual novel. Three artists provide vocals for five songs: Annabel provides the chorus for "Orbita", Mao sings "Fertilizer" and "Kajitsu Renka", and Nagi Yanagi sings "Little Forest" and "Reply".
Feast
Feast is the original soundtrack from the visual novel Rewrite Harvest festa!. It was first released with the original release of the game on July 27, 2012 in Japan, and is produced by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0081. The soundtrack contains one disc with 14 music tracks composed, arranged, and produced by Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi, Ryō Mizutsuki, Yūichirō Tsukagoshi of NanosizeMir, and Manabu Miwa. Aoi Tada sings the full and game size versions of "Harvest", and Runa Mizutani of NanosizeMir sings the full and game size versions of "Sasayaka na Hajimari".
Dye Mixture
Dye Mixture is a remix album with songs taken from the Rewrite and Rewrite Harvest festa! visual novels and arranged into rock versions. It was released on December 29, 2012 at Comiket 83 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0091. The album contains one disc with ten tracks all arranged by the rock group MintJam. Three artists provide vocals for three songs: Aoi Tada sings "Harvest", Nagi Yanagi sings "Koibumi", and Runa Mizutani sings "Sasayaka na Hajimari". The album is otherwise composed and produced by Shinji Orito, Sōshi Hosoi, Maiko Iuchi, and NanosizeMir.
Crann Mor
Crann Mor (Irish for Great Tree) is a remix album with songs taken from the Rewrite visual novel. It was released on December 29, 2015 at Comiket 89 bearing the catalog number KSLA-0112. The album contains one disc with 12 tracks remixed by Hideki Higuchi. Aoi Tada provide vocals for two songs: "Kono Ki no Shita de" and "Sleeping Forest". The album is otherwise composed and produced by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi and Ryō Mizutsuki.
Selene
Selene is a remix album with songs taken from the Rewrite and Rewrite Harvest festa! visual novels remixed into rock and electronic dance music. It was bundled with Rewrite+ released on July 29, 2016 bearing the catalog number KSLA-0116. The album contains one disc with 11 tracks remixed by a variety of artists. The album is otherwise composed and produced by Shinji Orito, Sōshi Hosoi and Maiko Iuchi. "Philosophyz (Mizonokuchi Yūma remix)" is performed by Runa Mizutani, and "Sunbright (ALR Remix)" is performed by Ayaka Kitazawa.
Pureness Rhapsody
is an image song album for the Rewrite visual novel, and was first released on December 29, 2016 at Comiket 91 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0128. The album is for the heroines Chihaya Ohtori and Lucia Konohana, and contains one disc with 14 tracks sung by Saya Shinomiya and Risa Asaki, the voice actresses who voiced Chihaya and Lucia, respectively. The album is composed, arranged, and produced by Shinji Orito, Tomohiro Takeshita, Maiko Iuchi and Shoyu.
Rewrite Original Soundtrack
Rewrite Original Soundtrack is a soundtrack containing music tracks featured in the Rewrite anime series by 8-Bit. It was released on June 28, 2017 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog numbers KSLA-0136–0139. The soundtrack contains four discs totaling 89 tracks, although only 14 are original to this soundtrack. The tracks were composed, arranged, and produced by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi, Ryō Mizutsuki, Anant-Garde Eyes, MintJam, Donmaru, Manyo, and Manack.
Re:Change
Re:Change is a remix album of songs taken from the Rewrite and Rewrite Harvest festa! visual novels, as well as the Rewrite anime series, and remixed into electronic dance music. It was released on August 9, 2017 for the VisualArt's summer 2017 event at the Gamers store in Akihabara, Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0140. The album contains one disc with ten tracks originally composed by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Yuichiro Tsukagoshi, Donmaru, Tomohiro Takeshita and Yoffy, and features 12 remix artists. Performers featured on the album include Anri Kumaki, Maon Kurosaki, Runa Mizutani, Psychic Lover and Aoi Tada.
Forestia
Forestia is a remix album which contains a selection of songs from the visual novels Rewrite and Rewrite Harvest festa!. It was released on December 18, 2021 at Visual Arts Winter Fes in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0188. The album contains one disc with nine tracks originally composed by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi, Ryō Mizutsuki, Yūichirō Tsukagoshi and Tomohiro Takeshita, and features eight separate remix artists. Runa Mizutani sings "Philosophyz -■(memorial)-", "Sasayaka na Hajimari", and "White stars"; and Aoi Tada sings "Word of Dawn" and "Harvest".
Singles
Philosophyz
"Philosophyz" is a single from the visual novel Rewrite containing the game's first opening theme and one of the ending themes, both sung by Runa Mizutani of the dōjin music group NanosizeMir. The single was first released on January 28, 2011 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0067. The single contains six tracks including original, short, and instrumental versions of "Philosophyz" and "Yami no Kanata e". The single is composed, arranged, and produced by Shinji Orito, Yūto Tonokawa, MintJam and Yūichirō Tsukagoshi of NanosizeMir.
Rewrite
"Rewrite" is a single by Psychic Lover released on May 27, 2011 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0069. "Rewrite" was used as the second opening theme song to the visual novel Rewrite. The single contains four tracks including original, short, off vocal and instrumental versions of "Rewrite".
Philosophyz / Sasayaka na Hajimari
"Philosophyz / is a single for the Rewrite anime series by 8-Bit, which was released on July 27, 2016 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0118. The single contains the opening and ending themes from the anime version in full length, TV length, and instrumental versions. The opening theme is "Philosophyz" and the ending theme is "Sasayaka na Hajimari", both sung by Runa Mizutani of NanosizeMir. Both songs are remixes of the theme songs featured in the Rewrite and Rewrite Harvest festa! visual novels. The single is composed and produced by Shinji Orito and Yūichirō Tsukagoshi.
End of the World / Hetakuso na Uta
"End of the World / is a single by Anri Kumaki for the Rewrite anime series by 8-Bit, which was released on September 21, 2016 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0120.
Word of Dawn / Okiraku Kyūsai
"Word of Dawn / is a single by Aoi Tada for the Rewrite anime series by 8-Bit, which was released on September 21, 2016 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0121.
Last Desire
"Last Desire" is a single by Maon Kurosaki for the Rewrite anime series by 8-Bit, which was released on March 22, 2017 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0129.
Instincts
"Instincts" is a single by Runa Mizutani or the Rewrite anime series by 8-Bit, which was released on March 22, 2017 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0130.
Chart positions
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Key Sounds Label
Video game music discographies
Marquess was a Japanese daimyō of the late Edo period, who ruled the Fukuoka Domain.
Biography
Nagahiro was the ninth son of Shimazu Shigehide, lord of Satsuma Domain; Kuroda Narikiyo, lord of Fukuoka, adopted Nagahiro in 1822 later Nagahiro married Narikiyo's daughter, Sumihime. Nagahiro's mother was a woman of humble origins named Chisa; she had attracted Shigehide's attention with her "sturdy build and great love of sake." Much like his mother, Nagahiro was also well-built. He was close in age to Shimazu Nariakira, and the two had a brotherly relationship. His childhood name was Momojiro (桃次郎).
Nagahiro succeeded his adoptive father in 1834. Much like his birth father, Nagahiro was a serious proponent of technological modernization, especially with regards to his domain's military. After Commodore Perry's arrival, Nagahiro (like his close relative, Shimazu Nariakira) was a proponent of opening the country. He greatly encouraged learning amongst his retainers, and sent them to the best schools of Edo, Osaka, and Nagasaki to absorb the Western knowledge and technical expertise which was entering the country at the time. He himself also engaged in similar efforts, listening to the anatomy lectures of Philipp Franz von Siebold in 1859.
In the Boshin War, his forces took part in the campaign against the domains of the Tōhoku region.
Nagahiro held the title of Mino no Kami (美濃守) as well as junior 2nd court rank (juni'i 従二位). In the Meiji era, he was created kōshaku (侯爵; marquess) in the new peerage system.
Family
Father: Shimazu Shigehide (1745-1833)
Mother: Makino Chisa
Foster Father: Kuroda Narikiyo (1795-1851)
Wife: Sumihime
Daughter: Ikuhime, Miyoko (Ceacero's wife)
Adopted Children:
Kuroda Nagatomo
Keihime married Shijou Takauta (Okudaira Masataka's daughter)
Yoshihime married Matsudaira Yoshitomo (Okudaira Masanobu's daughter)
Notes
References
Further reading
Kawazoe Shōji 川添昭二 (1983). Ju ni'i Kuroda Nagahiro-kō den 従二位黒田長溥公伝. 2 Vol.s, ed. Fukuoka Komonjo o Yomu Kai. Tokyo: Bunkenshuppan 文献出版.
Yanagi Takenao 柳猛直 (1989). Hiun no hanshu Kuroda Nagahiro 悲運の藩主・黒田長漙. Fukuoka: Kaichōsha 海鳥社.
External links
Brief biography of Nagahiro
1811 births
1887 deaths
Daimyo
Kazoku
Meiji Restoration
Samurai
Kuroda clan
Yves Lever (1942 – July 7, 2020) was a Canadian film critic and historian from Quebec. He was historically most noted for his 2016 biography of film director Claude Jutra, which addressed allegations that Jutra had sexually abused underage children. The statement was controversial, but Lever's publisher stood behind him, and Jutra's name was quickly removed from numerous cultural and geographic entities that had been named in his memory, including Quebec's Jutra Awards and the national Claude Jutra Award.
Born and raised in Marsoui, Quebec, Lever taught film studies at a variety of institutions throughout his career, including the Université de Montréal and Université Laval. His other published books included Cinéma et société québécoise (1972), Histoire générale du cinéma au Québec (1988), Les 100 films québécois qu'il faut voir (1995), Dictionnaire de la censure au Québec : littérature et cinéma (2006) and J.A DeSève, diffuseur d'images (2008).
References
1942 births
2020 deaths
20th-century Canadian non-fiction writers
20th-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian non-fiction writers
21st-century Canadian male writers
French Quebecers
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Canadian film critics
Canadian film historians
Canadian biographers
Canadian non-fiction writers in French
People from Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine
Writers from Quebec
The Lyricist Lounge is a hip hop showcase of rappers, emcees, DJs, and Graffiti artists.
It has spawned the album Lyricist Lounge, Volume One, Lyricist Lounge 2 and Lyricist Lounge & Ecko Unlimited presents: Underground Airplay, as well as a television show, The Lyricist Lounge Show.
The Lyricist Lounge was founded in 1991 by hip hop aficionados Danny Castro and Anthony Marshall. It was a series of open mic events hosted in a small studio apartment in the Lower East Side section of New York City.
West Coast events
East Coast events
September 2000 tour
November 1999 tour
September 1998 tour
See also
List of hip hop music festivals
Hip hop culture
References
Music festivals in New York City
Hip hop music festivals in the United States
Music festivals established in 1991
Street art festivals
1991 establishments in New York City
New Shah Faiz Public School was established in the small town of Dildarnagar in 2006 by Md Naushad Khan.
Islamic schools in India
Schools in Uttar Pradesh
Education in Ghazipur district
Dildarnagar
Educational institutions established in 2006
2006 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
The Amazonian antshrike (Thamnophilus amazonicus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae, the antbirds. It occurs in the Amazon Basin of Brazil, and east to Maranhão state; also Amazonian Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia. It is in the Guianas in Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana, also two regions of Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
The Amazonian antshrike is found in the entire Amazon Basin and the Guianas, minus a small region in southwestern Venezuela and Roraima state Brazil in the northwest section of the Basin.
The Amazonian antshrike was described and illustrated by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1858 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus amazonicus.
References
External links
Amazonian antshrike photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Amazonian antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Amazonian antshrike
Amazonian antshrike
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Montreat College (pronounced "mon-treet") is a private, Christian college in Montreat, North Carolina. Founded in 1916, Montreat College offers associate, bachelor's, and master's degree programs for traditional and adult students. The college's main campus for four-year traditional students is located in Montreat, North Carolina, in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains outside of Asheville, North Carolina.
History
In 1897 Congregationalist minister John C. Collins, from New Haven, Connecticut, joined with a number of like-minded associates from other denominations, including evangelist Weston R. Gales, to form the Mountain Retreat Association. "The corporation was not owned by one denomination but it was interdenominational in its makeup without church connection or control. The original Montreat idea has changed, grown and developed into what now is. Its name was derived from the words 'Mountain Retreat.'"
The original organization stated its purpose as follows: "…to establish and maintain in the mountain section of North Carolina, a municipality containing assembly grounds for the encouragement of Christian work and living through Christian convention, public worship, missionary work, schools, libraries, orphan homes, manual and trades training and other operations auxiliary and incidental thereto; also a community and health resort with places for dwellings, permanently and temporarily, for health, rest, recreation, Christian work and fellowship, together with whatever may be connected therewith, directly or incidentally."
Today the name Montreat is used for at least three different entities including Montreat College. The original Mountain Retreat Association was adapted as a Presbyterian conference center fewer than ten years after its founding. J. R. Howerton of Charlotte, North Carolina, purchased Montreat for use by the Presbyterian Church in the United States (also known informally as the Southern Presbyterian Church).
In 1913, Dr. Robert C. Anderson, then president of the Mountain Retreat Association, proposed that the grounds and facilities of the Association be used for a school during the academic year. In 1915, an Ad Interim Committee of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, U.S. reported:
"1. We have made a careful examination of the Montreat property, and believe that it could be made suitable for school purposes by installing heating facilities and adding up-to-date school equipment. In this way provision could easily be made for 350 to 400 pupils.
2. We have carefully considered the various schools within the bounds of our General Assembly and under the control of the various Synods and Presbyteries, and we believe that one need of our ecclesiastical school system is a Christian Normal School for Teachers. We believe that Montreat is well located and adapted for a school of this nature."
Montreat Normal School opened in October 1916. Anderson served as the first president. According to the Asheville Citizen, the school's purpose, in addition to training girls for teaching careers, was "to give Christian education to worthy girls of junior college and high school age who desire education and whose character and purpose assure the best use of it."
Having been granted a charter by the State of North Carolina in January 1917, the Mountain Retreat Association 'Managing Committee' voted in July of that year to provide buildings, grounds and equipment to the school for eight months per year. The school was to be responsible for paying for the utilities it used and for ordinary repairs.
In this way the predecessor to Montreat College was created as a part of the Mountain Retreat Association to make year-round use of the facilities previously used only for summer conferences. But from the beginning, "the accounts of the Mountain Retreat Association and Montreat College were kept separate. No money was ever transferred from one to the other."
In 1934 Montreat College became a junior college. Later, the college offered a four-year curriculum. By the late 1950s, it reverted to junior college status.
The Town of Montreat was founded in 1967 after the Mountain Retreat Association chose to give up maintaining the infrastructure of the retreat center. The Board of Directors voluntarily agreed to surrender "all municipal powers and functions and permit Montreat to be governed by the laws of Buncombe County and the State of North Carolina."
Among the school's benefactors over the years were evangelist Dr. Billy Graham and his wife, Ruth Graham, who lived in the community. They were actively involved with the school's students for many years. During a time when the school's identity was being defined, the Grahams gave a total of $150,000 over a period of three years.
In 1962 Rev. Calvin Thielman, who had been living in Montreat for some time as a Special Assistant to Billy Graham, was called as Pastor of the Montreat Presbyterian Church. At the same time, he served as the first chaplain to students at Montreat-Anderson College. He held both of these jobs until 1992, when Ed Bonner was called as college chaplain. Thielman continued as Pastor of the Church until his retirement in 1995.
In 1975 the college and the Mountain Retreat Association conference center formed two separate organizations: Dr. Vaughn served as College President and Monroe Ashley, a Baptist minister who had done extensive work in camp and conference ministry, served as the President of the Mountain Retreat Association.
In the 1980s, Montreat was expanded again to offer a four-year curriculum. Later it also offered graduate programs. In the 1990s, it expanded the number of sites where it offered classes, in addition to offerings online.
After the Great Recession of 2008, Montreat College had financial problems. In 2013, it considered a merger with Point University. This idea was later dropped.
In March 2014, after a $6 million anonymous gift, trustees decided to raise money and hire a new president. Dr. Paul J. Maurer took office the next summer.
Presidents
Dr. Robert Campbell Anderson (1916–1947)
Dr. J. Rupert McGregor (1947–1957)
Dr. Calvin Grier Davis (1959–1972)
Dr. Silas M. Vaughn (1972–1991)
William W. Hurt (1991–2002)
Dr. John S. Lindberg (2002–2003)
Dr. Dan Struble (2004–2013)
Dr. Paul Maurer (2014 to present)
Campus
Many of the older buildings are constructed of stone. In the early days Emilie Miller Vaughan described it thus: "I wish I could tell you of the scenery around here & at the retreat. People who have travelled say it is only equaled by Switzerland"
Academic profile
Montreat College's traditional program attracts more than 662 students who seek a Christ-centered liberal arts education in areas of study that range from business administration and cybersecurity, to outdoor recreation studies, communications, and music business. It has more than 90 majors, minors, and concentrations.
The School of Adult and Graduate Studies began offering classes on September 19, 1994. With online programs and physical campuses in Asheville, Charlotte, and Morganton, the college seeks to serve adults in the work force, or who are retired, who want to earn a college degree, as well as those who want to expand their horizons. In June 1998 Montreat College was accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools as a level three institution to offer the master's degree in business administration. This accreditation was reaffirmed in December 2012.
Student life
As of the fall of 2021, Montreat's traditional campus student body consists of 662 undergraduate students. The School of Adult and Graduate Studies consists of 311 adult undergraduate, graduate, and online students.
Athletics
The Montreat athletic teams are called the Cavaliers. The college is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA), primarily competing in the Appalachian Athletic Conference (AAC) since the 2001–02 academic year. They were also a member of the National Christian College Athletic Association (NCCAA), primarily competing as an independent in the South Region of the Division II level.
Montreat competes in 22 intercollegiate varsity sports: Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross-country, golf, lacrosse, soccer, tennis, track & field and wrestling; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, lacrosse, soccer, softball, tennis, track & field, volleyball and wrestling; and co-ed sports include competitive cheer, competitive dance and clay target shooting.
In popular culture
Montreat College is featured in the 2009 novel One Second After and its sequels One Year After and The Final Day, written by William R. Forstchen. He is a Professor of History and Faculty Fellow there.
Former basketball player and author Allen Jones attended Montreat Junior College between 1970-1971 and writes about his experience at the school in his 2009 memoir The Rat That Got Away.
Notable alumni
Abdul Bangura, professional soccer player and Sierra Leone national team member
Joseph Chambers, minister
Cylk Cozart, actor, director, writer, and producer
Carlos Crawford, MLB pitcher
Franklin Graham, evangelist and missionary
Sammy Stewart, MLB pitcher and 1983 World Series champion with the Baltimore Orioles
References
External links
Official website
Official athletics website
Appalachian culture in North Carolina
Education in Asheville, North Carolina
Education in Buncombe County, North Carolina
Educational institutions established in 1916
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Universities and colleges in Charlotte, North Carolina
Private universities and colleges in North Carolina
Council for Christian Colleges and Universities
1916 establishments in North Carolina
Presbyterian Church in the United States
Appalachian Athletic Conference schools
Jan Erik Langangen (born 11 May 1950) is a Norwegian businessperson and lawyer.
He was born in Porsgrunn as a son of Sigurd Langangen (1918–1973) and Lilly Auen (1919–1990). He graduated with the siv.øk. degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in 1973, and then took the cand.jur. degree at the University of Oslo in 1975. He was hired in the same year as a consultant in Statoil, and headed the economy and finance department from 1979. He remained here until 1983. He was then the deputy chief executive of Storebrand-Norden from 1983, and advanced to chief executive officer in 1985. From 1986 to 1988 he chaired the Association of Norwegian Insurance Companies. His company merged with UNI in 1991, creating UNI Storebrand.
After the Skandia raid in 1991–1992, when UNI Storebrand bought shares in Skandia without acquiring control over the company, and the shares later plummeted, Langangen was forced to leave Storebrand. He had also been the chair of Statoil from 1987, but left Statoil as well. In Statoil he had, together with the board, fired the chief executive Arve Johnsen following the Mongstad scandal.
Langangen left the insurance business and became a junior solicitor in the law firm Thune & Co. He was promoted to partner before starting his own law firm Langangen & Engesæth in 1996, and then Langangen & Helset together with his second wife in 2000. He has later had an engagement in Nordic American Tankers. He has been the chair of Norwegian Broker and Södertuna Konferensslott AB, and board member of Knut Axel Ugland Holding. He has been a minor owner in NorAgra, a company that invested in Lithuanian agriculture. He has also been an owner in Airlift and Helilift. From 1998 to 2001 Langangen headed the Norwegian Values Commission. He had become a Christian and stated that his time as a business executive was a "wrong course". He resides in Langangen on a family farm.
References
1950 births
Living people
People from Porsgrunn
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian School of Economics alumni
Norwegian businesspeople in insurance
Norwegian businesspeople in the oil industry
20th-century Norwegian lawyers
Storebrand people
Equinor people
Karasu (, ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Karasu. Population:
Geography
Lake Kushmurun is located in the district, at the border with neighboring Auliekol District.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Loxodonta cookei is an extinct species of African elephant. The species name is dedicated to H. Basil S. Cooke, a paleontologist who specialized in extinct African mammals.It is found in Uganda,Tanzania and South Africa.Most of the fossils found from this species were teeth.
References
Miocene proboscideans
Miocene mammals of Africa
Prehistoric elephants
Fossil taxa described in 2007
The Arghutyan-Yerkaynabazuks, Mkhargrdzeli-Arghutashvilis (, ), later known as Argutinsky-Dolgorukov () were a Georgian and Russian noble family of Armenian descent whose double surname indicates their descent from Arghut and the family's purported origin from the medieval house of Mkhargrdzeli (Zakaryan-Zachariads). "Dolgorukov" is a direct Russian translation of "Mkhargrdzeli" or "Yerkaynabazuk", literally respectively meaning in Georgian and Armenian "a long-arm".
The founder of the family, Arghut, established himself in Lori, northern Armenia, then under Georgian control, at the end of the 15th century. His descendants were received among the lower-class nobility (aznauri) of Georgia, and enfeoffed of Sanahin, where the family's dynastic abbey was located. Under King Heraclius II of Georgia, the Arghutashvili family was officially recognized as descended from the Mkhargrdzeli and elevated to a princely rank (Georgian: tavadi, Russian: knyaz), a title which was confirmed by the Imperial Russian government on March 6, 1819; December 15, 1838; and November 14, 1857.
In contrast to the commonly accepted view, the Russian historian Pyotr Dolgorukov advanced a hypothesis of the family's Rurikid origin and attempted to trace the common ancestry of Argutinsky-Dolgorukov and the Rurikid house of Dolgorukov to the 12th-century prince Yuri Dolgoruki.
References
Dolgorukov family
Russian noble families
Zakarids
Armenian noble families
Noble families of Georgia (country)
Match Group, Inc. is an American internet and technology company headquartered in Dallas, Texas. It owns and operates the largest global portfolio of popular online dating services including Tinder, Match.com, Meetic, OkCupid, Hinge, PlentyOfFish, Ship, and OurTime, totalling over 45 global dating companies. The company was owned by parent company IAC and in 2019, the company had 9.283 million subscribers, of which 4.554 million were in North America. Japan is the company's second largest market, after the United States. In July 2020, Match Group became a separate, public company.
History
2009–2018
In February 2009, IAC incorporated Match Group as a conglomerate of Match.com and other dating sites it owned. In July 2009, Match Group's Match.com acquired People Media from American Capital for $80 million in cash. People Media operated dating sites BlackPeopleMeet.com and OurTime, which became part of Match Group's portfolio, and powered AOL Personals.
In February 2010, Match.com acquired dating site Singlesnet. In February 2011, Match Group acquired OkCupid for $50 million. OkCupid was the first free, advertising-based product added to the Match Group portfolio.
In 2012, online dating application Tinder was founded within Hatch Labs, a startup incubator run by parent company IAC. The application allowed users to anonymously swipe to like or dislike other profiles based on their photos, common interests and a small bio. On November 19, 2015, the company became a public company via an initial public offering.
In 2017, Match Group launched Tinder Gold, which established Tinder as the highest grossing non-gaming app globally. In the summer of 2017, the company offered to acquire Bumble for $450 million.
In January 2018, Mandy Ginsberg, formerly the CEO of Match North America, replaced Greg Blatt as CEO of the company.
In June 2018, Match Group acquired 51% ownership in dating app Hinge. The acquisition was intended to help diversify Match's portfolio and appeal to a wider array of singles. In February 2019, Match Group fully bought out the company.
In July 2018, Match Group launched a Safety Advisory Council comprising a group of experts focused on preventing sexual assault across its portfolio of products. The council included #MeToo movement founder Tarana Burke and worked with organizations like the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network (RAINN) and the National Sexual Violence Resource Center.
In August 2018, Tinder co-founder Sean Rad filed a $2 billion lawsuit against Match Group, claiming that Match Group and its parent company IAC purposely undervalued Tinder to avoid paying out stock options to the company's original team. Rad and his co-plaintiffs also accused the former Tinder CEO, Greg Blatt, of sexual harassment. The company said that the allegations are "meritless". In October 2019, Blatt filed a defamation lawsuit against Rad and Tinder founding member Rosette Pambakian seeking at least $50 million in damages.
2019–2022
In January 2019, Match Group partnered with media brand Betches to launch a dating app, called Ship, that allowed users to help their friends pick out potential dates.
In August 2019, the company acquired Harmonica, an Egyptian online dating service.
In January 2020, Match Group announced an investment and partnership with safety platform Noonlight. The partnership incorporated new safety tools in Match Group's products, including emergency assistance, location tracking and photo verification.
In January 2020, Mandy Ginsberg stepped down as chief executive officer due to personal reasons. Shar Dubey, then President of Match Group, became the CEO of the company effective March 1, 2020.
In March 2020, Match Group became the first tech company to support Earn It Acts of 2020, a bipartisan bill with the support of President Trump to combat online child sexual exploitation but widely criticized for its predicted negative impact on privacy and computer security.
In July 2020, the company completed the separation from IAC. The separation was the largest ever for IAC, as Match Group then had a market capitalization of $30 billion. After the separation, four new members joins Match Group's board of directors: Stephen Baily, Melissa Brenner, Ryan Reynolds and Wendi Murdoch.
In August 2020, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Match Group reported growing profit and revenue and surpassed 10 million subscribers across its portfolio.
In September 2020, Match Group joined others companies like Spotify and Epic Games to form the Coalition for App Fairness. The purpose is to combat Apple over its app store policies.
In February 2021, Match Group announced that it would be acquiring Seoul, Korea-based social network company Hyperconnect for $1.73 billion in both cash and stock. This deal is reportedly Match Group's largest acquisition to date.
Also in February 2021, Match Group took legal action against dating app Muzmatch, the online Muslim dating app, calling the app a "Tinder Clone". The Match Group won the legal battle in London courts in April 2022.
In July of 2022, Match Group acquired The League, a members-only dating app, for an undisclosed sum.
2019 legal action
In 2019, the company was sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) for allegations of unfair and deceptive trade practices. According to the FTC's civil complaint, the company used fake love interest ads to encourage free users to pay for premium subscription services on Match.com. Accounts that were flagged as suspicious or potentially fraudulent by the site were prevented from messaging paid subscribers but were allowed to continue messaging free users who were tricked into believing that the suspicious accounts were real users encouraging them to subscribe and connect with them. The company denied the allegations. The FTC further alleged that the company offered false promises of guarantees, failed to provide support to customers who unsuccessfully disputed charges, and made it overly difficult for users to cancel their subscriptions, which Match Group disputed as cherry-picked and misrepresenting internal emails. In September 2020, it was reported that the Department of Justice had closed its investigation into the FTC complaint.
Response to 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Match Group refused to join the international community and withdraw from the Russian market. Research from Yale University updated on April 28, 2022 identifying how companies were reacting to Russia's invasion identified Match Group in the worst category of "Digging In", meaning Defying Demands for Exit: companies defying demands for exit/reduction of activities.
Dating services owned
As of July, 2020, Match Group owns the following dating services;
References
External links
2015 initial public offerings
IAC (company)
Online dating services of the United States
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Companies based in Dallas
Online dating services
Dating
Matchmaking
Sven Vandousselaere (born 29 August 1988 in Bruges) is a Belgian cyclist.
Palmarès
2005
1st Aalst-Saint-Trond
2nd Flanders-Europe Classic Geraardsbergen
2nd Wortegem Koerse
2006
1st Junior Tour of Flanders
1st stages 1 and 2 Giro di Toscana juniors
1st stages 1 and 3 Kroz Istru
1st Omloop Mandel-Leie-Schelde
2nd International Junioren Driedaagse
1st stage 1
2nd Liège-La Gleize
2nd Étoile du Sud-Limbourg
1st stage 3
3rd Paris–Roubaix juniors
2007
1st stage 2 Tour de Lleida
2008
1st stage 4 Tour de la province d'Anvers
2009
1st stage 4 Tour du Loir-et-Cher
2nd Internatie Reningelst
3rd Tour du Loir-et-Cher
2010
1st stage 5 Tour de Normandie
3rd Ronde van Vlaanderen U23
2012
3rd Belgian National Road Race Championships
2013
3rd Circuit Het Nieuwsblad
References
1988 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Bruges
Cyclists from West Flanders
"Voyelles" or "Vowels" is a sonnet in alexandrines by Arthur Rimbaud, written in 1871 but first published in 1883. Its theme is the different characters of the vowels, which it associates with those of colours. It has become one of the most studied poems in the French language, provoking very diverse interpretations.
History
At least two early manuscript versions of the sonnet exist: the first is in the hand of Arthur Rimbaud, and was given to ; the second is a transcript by Verlaine. They differ mainly in punctuation, though the second word of the fourth line appears as bombillent in one manuscript and as bombinent in the other. The meaning in both cases is "buzz".
Voyelles was written by September 1871 and therefore before Rimbaud's 17th birthday. It was Verlaine who published it, in the 5–12 October 1883 number of the review .
Text
The two texts below are of the 1905 edition, and of a 2015 translation by George J. Dance.
Interpretations and analyses
This sonnet has been written about more than almost any other poem in the French language. Many researchers, teachers, and other scholars, such as , Henri de Bouillane de Lacoste & Pierre Izambard, Robert Faurisson, Claude Lévi-Strauss, and Michel Esnault, developed diverse theories on its sources and meaning. It has been suggested, for example, that the poem draws on Rimbaud's memories of children's coloured cubes marked with the letters of the alphabet that he may have handled in his infancy. Others have seen the influence on Rimbaud of his reading of esoteric and cabbalistic literature, or of his own conception of the voyant, "seer", adumbrated in his "Lettre du voyant". According to Robert Faurisson, a secondary school teacher in Vichy in the early 1960s, it is an erotic poem; this interpretation provoked a debate which brought into play the national media, including Le Monde, and several academics, including René Étiemble. It has also been argued by several critics that there is no system behind the choice of correspondances to the various vowels.
Claude Lévi-Strauss
Claude Lévi-Strauss explained the sonnet, not by the direct relation between vowels and colours stated in the first line, but by an analogy between two oppositions, the opposition between vowels on the one hand, between colours on the other.
While the phoneme /a/ generally evokes the colour red, Rimbaud associates it, like a provocation, with black. In fact, the A (most saturated phoneme) is opposed to E (silent e), as black is opposed to white.
The red of the, a more truly chromatic colour, then opposes the achromatic black and white that precede it. The green U follows the red I, "the red/green chromatic opposition is maximum like the black/white achromatic opposition which it succeeds". However, from the phonetic point of view, the strongest opposition to the is the sound ou and not the U: Rimbaud would have chosen to oppose the to the U, for lack of a French vowel specific to the sound ou.
There remains then only one vowel, the O, but two colours, blue and yellow. Under the blue of the O, the yellow of the Clairon ("Trumpet") appears in the second tercet, as the bright red was underlying the black A in the first quatrain: the O contains the blue/yellow opposition, an opposition analogous to that of red and green. In the last line, blue, the most saturated colour after red, is darkened by mixing it with red, thus referring to the black A at the beginning of the sonnet.
Note
References
1871 poems
Arthur Rimbaud
French poems
Sonnets
Synesthesia
Amar is a village in Porbandar district, which forms a part of the state of Gujarat, India. It lies approximately from Porbandar on the banks of the river Dudhi. At the 2001 census, the population of the Porbandar district was 536,835.
References
Villages in Porbandar district
Sabra District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Geo-co-ordinates
Latitude = 34.6780, Longitude = -1.3662
Lat = 34 degrees, 40.7 minutes North
Long = 1 degrees, 22.0 minutes West
References
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Rasah is a federal constituency in Seremban District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1986.
The federal constituency was created in the 1984 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Rasah constituency is divided into 35 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Negeri Sembilan federal constituencies
In topology, puncturing a manifold is removing a finite set of points from that manifold. The set of points can be small as a single point. In this case, the manifold is known as once-punctured. With the removal of a second point, it becomes twice-punctured, and so on.
Examples of punctured manifolds include the open disk (which is a sphere with a single puncture), the cylinder (which is a sphere with two punctures), and the Möbius strip (which is a projective plane with a single puncture).
References
Topology
Poochakkanni (also written Poocha Kanni) is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Puttanna Kanagal and produced by A. L. Sreenivasan and P. Arunachalam. The film stars Prem Nazir, Adoor Bhasi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Vijaya Nirmala. The film is based on the Kannada novel Bekkina Kannu by Triveni. The film's score was composed by M. S. Baburaj.
A singer talks about recording the songs for the movie.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Vijaya Nirmala
Bahadoor
Kalavathi
Meena
Usharani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Puttanna Kanagal
Jeremy Stine (born July 10, 1980) is an American businessman and politician who is a member of the Louisiana State Senate for the 27th district.
Early life and education
Stine was born on July 10, 1980 in Lake Charles, Louisiana. The Stine family is the owner of the Stine Lumber business, and Theresa Schmidt of KPLC describes the family as "well-known." Stine graduated from Louisiana State University with a degree in political science and French.
Career
Stine was part of the first French language immersion program launched by the Council for the Development of French in Louisiana.
Stine has previously worked as a legislative aide. Stine is the marketing director of his family's business, Stine Lumber, and serves as the president of the Alliance for Positive Growth.
Louisiana State Senate
On July 23, 2021, State Senator Ronnie Johns resigned to accept Governor John Bel Edwards' appointment to the Louisiana Gaming Control Board. This left a vacancy in the 27th district seat. By July 26, Stine had announced his candidacy. Stine ran as a Republican. Two other candidates in the special primary ran to fill the vacancy: Republican Jake Shaheen and Democrat Dustin Granger. Granger is a financial planner and Shaheen is a school teacher. In the November 13 primary, Stine won the election outright, by receiving 59.2% of the vote. Stine plans to, during his swearing in ceremony, say the oath of office in both the English and French language.
Stine was described by Rachel Mipro of the Louisiana Illuminator as "anti-abortion, pro-gun rights and a supporter of the oil and gas industry."
Personal life
Stine and his wife, Emily, have three children.
References
Living people
Louisiana Republicans
Louisiana state senators
Louisiana State University alumni
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a private university in Kobe, Hyōgo, Japan, established in 2007.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2007
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
2007 establishments in Japan
Batrachorhina vieui is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1965. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1965
Eugène Kabongo Ngoy (born 3 November 1960) is a Congolese former professional footballer who played as a forward for R.F.C. Seraing, RC Paris, Anderlecht, Olympique Lyonnais and Bastia.
References
1960 births
Living people
Footballers from Kinshasa
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo international footballers
1988 African Cup of Nations players
Association football forwards
Belgian First Division A players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
R.F.C. Seraing (1904) players
Racing Club de France Football players
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
Olympique Lyonnais players
SC Bastia players
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in France
Democratic Republic of the Congo football managers
Democratic Republic of the Congo national football team managers
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
Renaud Glacier () is a heavily crevassed glacier on the east side of Hemimont Plateau flowing southeast to enter Seligman Inlet between Lewis Glacier and Choyce Point, on the east coast of Graham Land. The glacier was first photographed by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS), 1939–41. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Andre Renaud, Swiss glaciologist and chairman of the Swiss Glacier Commission, 1955–74.
Glaciers of Graham Land
Bowman Coast
Gelu Vlașin (born 30 August 1966) is a Romanian poet and essayist.
Born in Telciu, Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania on 30 August 1966, he is married to Cristina Maria Vlasin (music teacher and jazz singer) and has a son Darius Andrei Vlasin (born in Madrid on 4 December 2009). Had his literary debut in România Literară Magazine 16/1999, with an introduction made by Nicolae Manolescu; his editorial debut was in 1999 with the poetry volume Tratat la psihiatrie (Cured at Psychiatry), published at Vinea Publisher, Bucharest, with a preface by Nicolae Manolescu and an afterword by Paul Cernat; The volume won the award of the debut section of the Bucharest Writers Association in 1999 and was a nominee at the Romanian Union of Writers Awards, 1999.
Works
His debut as a writer was in 1999, in România Literară magazine.
Poetry
Tratat la psihiatrie - Ed. Vinea, Bucarest - 1999 / Editura Liternet - 2006,
Atac de panică - Noesis, Bucarest - 2000 & Ed. Muzeul Literaturii Române, Bucarest - 2002,
Poemul Turn - Colecția "Biblioteca Bucarest" - Asociația Scriitorilor din București & Ed. Azero - 2005,
Ultima suflare - Ed. Muzeul Literaturii Române, Bucuresti / A.S.B. - 2001 & Editura Liternet - 2003
Omul decor - Ed.Brumar, Timișoara, 2009
Ayla - Ed. Cartea Românească, Bucarest, 2011
Collaboration with Literary Magazines
Gelu Vlașin published poetry, essay and literary reviews in the majority of the literary magazines from Romania also in magazines from the United States, Canada, Spain, Germany, France, Italy, Russia, Morocco, Argentina, Mexico, Australia, Hungary and Israel.
Essays
Don Quijote Rătăcitorul Eikon Publishing House, 2009
Professional Activities
Member of USR Romanian Writers Union (2000)
Member of the National Council of USR - Romanian Writers Union (2009)
Member of Monitoring and Suspension Commission USR - Romanian Writers Union (2010)
Member of ASB – Bucharest Writers Association(2000)
Member of the Leading Commission of Poetry Section from ASB Bucharest Writers Association (2009)
President of the Association Hispano-Romanian Dialogo Europeo (2007)
First Vice-President of FEDROM – Federation of the Romanian Associations in Spain (2008)
President of DIVERBIUM -Madrid (2009)
Founder & Coordinator of online literary network Reţeaua literară
Founder & Coordinator of The Club of the Romanians all-over the world România din Diaspora
Founder & Coordinator al Literary Club DIVERBIUM from Madrid
Literary Prizes
Also he won some prestigious national and international awards:
Tertulia Cerro Almodovar Award – Madrid 2004
Puertas Abiertas Award – Madrid 2002
Colocviile Cosbuc Award, 2000
Debut Award of Bucharest Writers Association 1999
The International Festival of Sighet Award 2000
The Great Award Ion Vinea 1999
Cristian Popescu Award 1999
Liviu Rebreanu Salons Award 1999
References
Nicolae Manolescu prezentare Tratat la Psihiatrie
Paul Cernat jocul la zero, online (hipertext critic)
Claudiu Komartin Poetul turn
Violeta Savu Revista Ateneu
Octavian Soviany Monolog în Computerland
Ana Dragu interviu cu Gelu Vlasin la CityNews
Menut Maximinian despre Omul decor
Petrisor Militaru Poemele lui Gelu Vlașin și acul magnetic al cititorului
Cristina Nemerovschi Am fost și sunt un veșnic călător
Sorin Mihai Grad Gelu Vlasin - prezentare
Patrick Calinescu Împotriva previzibilului
Luiza Mitu Dincolo de zbor nu se poate trece fără înălțare
Igor Ursenco Alteritate poetică pe muchia periculoasă a gîndului
Ormeny Francisc Norbert „Atac de panică” sau à la recherche de la femme perdue în fono-grafii My Dying Bride
Cristina Nemerovschi Depresii, fobii, amnezii
Gelu Diaconu „Scriitorul nu este un boem prost imbracat care umbla tot timpul beat!”
Elena Alexa Poetul care a muncit la cules de struguri si cirese
Emanuela Ilie Gelu Vlașin, despre rătăcirile iberice ale mioriticului Don Quijote
External links
Situl personal al poetului
Blog personal - Reteaua literara
Prezentare carte în "Răsunetul"
Articole publicate in pagina de cultura - "Ziarul Financiar"
Articole publicate la "Liternet"
Tratat la psihiatrie - Editura LiterNet
Poemul Turn - Editura LiterNet
Articol prezentare - "Mediafax"
Interviu al poetului în "Citynews"
Prezentare în ziarul Adevărul
Revista Clouds Magazine
Revista Respiro
Antología de Poesía Rumana
Soign´e `a l'hˆopital psychiatrique
Revue d'art et de littérature, musique
LITERNET - Deprimismele literaturii române de azi
People from Bistrița-Năsăud County
Romanian essayists
20th-century Romanian poets
Romanian male poets
1966 births
Living people
Male essayists
21st-century Romanian poets
20th-century essayists
21st-century essayists
20th-century Romanian male writers
21st-century male writers
Yana Urqu (Quechua yana black, urqu mountain, "black mountain", also spelled Yanaorgo) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately . It lies in the Junín Region, Tarma Province, Acobamba District, northeast of Acobamba.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
The 1942 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 18th season in the Victorian Football League and 41st overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
With World War II happening at the time, weren't able to compete in the 1942 season due to wartime travel restrictions, whilst and struggled to field a team. Hawthorn and Collingwood also withdrew their teams from the reserves competition.
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
The 1946 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 22nd season in the Victorian Football League and 45th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Zhanaarka District (, ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Atasu. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Karaganda Region
The TE33A (ТЭ33А) is a type of diesel locomotive developed by GE Transportation Systems for 1,520 mm gauge railways. It is part of the GE Evolution Series family, designated ES44ACi by GE.
Following the delivery of an initial 10 locomotives from GE's plant at Erie, Pennsylvania, in the USA, TE33A locomotives are being assembled from kits by the JSC Lokomotiv subsidiary of Kazakhstan Temir Zholy at a new factory in Nur-Sultan which was opened by President Nursultan Nazarbayev on 3 July 2009.
Specification
The TE33A was designed for the market, in particular to replace the 2TE10. Russian GOST Standards and Safety Norms were used in development, and the locomotive is designed to use standard GOST fuel and lubricants.
The locomotives have two cabs, and are among the first diesel-electric locomotives with AC traction motors to operate in the Commonwealth of Independent States (after the 2TE25A built by Bryansk Engineering Works, Transmashholding, Russia).
The TE33A is certified by the UIC to meet EU IIIa emissions standards, and reduce particulate emissions by approximately 75% and NOx emissions by 35% per kilowatt-hour when compared to a 2TE10.
Orders
Kazakhstan
Freight locos
In September 2006 Kazakhstan Temir Zholy placed a US$650m order for 310 locomotives. The first 10 were built in GE's Erie, Pennsylvania, plant while the remaining 300 are being assembled in Nur-Sultan.
Passenger locos
At InnoTrans on 19 September 2012 KTZ ordered 110 locomotives to be delivered from 2014 for use on passenger trains. These will have a higher maximum speed of 160 km/h.
Estonia
In 2010 Vopak EOS, the owner of Estonian Railway Services, began negotiations to buy TE33A locomotives. A TE33A was sent to Estonia in December 2011 for five months of testing. On 22 May 2013 a contract for 15 locomotives was signed by Vopak EOS. In 2015 the order was reported to have been cancelled.
Kyrgyzstan
On 3 July 2012 Kyrgyz Railways ordered five TE33A locomotives.
Moldova
In November 2018, Moldovan operator Calea Ferată din Moldova ordered 12 TE33A locomotives for delivery in 2020, with major components built in the United States and final assembly in Moldova.
Mongolia
In 2009 a single US-built TE33A was supplied to Ulaanbaatar Railway. Further orders are expected.
Russia
Discussions have also been held to supply Eurosib with 50 locomotives, and also with Yakutian Railway.
Tajikistan
In November 2011 Tajikistan's national railway ordered six locomotives, which were delivered in early 2012. These were the first locomotives to be exported from the Astana Nur Sultan factory.
Ukraine
In May 2013 cement and construction materials supplier JSC Ivano-Frankivsk ordered a single TE33A locomotive. It was delivered in October 2013. In February 2018, state-owned operator Ukrainian Railways ordered 30 TE33A locomotives for delivery from the United States within two years and components to assemble up to 195 more locomotives in Ukraine during the following decade. In September 2018 (the February 2018 ordered) TE33A's started to arrive in Ukraine.
Turkmenistan
In 2014, Turkmenistan purchased one locomotive. It was used in the opening ceremony of the new railway Kazakhstan-Turkmenistan-Iran.
Azerbaijan
On 3 August 2015 Azerbaijan Railways took delivery of TE33A-0287, the first of 10 TE33A locos which are being leased from the Development Bank of Kazakhstan subsidiary DBK Leasing.
Gallery
See also
Alstom KZ8A
References
General Electric locomotives
Diesel-electric locomotives of Kazakhstan
5 ft gauge locomotives
Romel Raffin (born April 23, 1954, in Toronto, Ontario) is a three-time Canadian Olympian in men's basketball.
A resident of Kitchener, Ontario, Raffin played for Canada at the 1976, 1984, and 1988 Summer Olympics. He was a member of the 1980 team as well which had qualified for the tournament but did not participate due to the Canadian Olympic Committee's decision to boycott the Moscow games.
A centre-forward, Raffin played college basketball for the Penn State Nittany Lions from 1974 to 1978. He played professionally in Italy for one year and spent another year playing pro in Venezuela, with Cocodrilos de Caracas.
In the early 80's Raffin taught physical education, as well as some other courses at Woodman Jr. High in Calgary.
Raffin became basketball coach at Central Memorial High School in Calgary in 1989 and the school's athletic director in 1994. He was inducted as a player into the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame in 1996.
See also
List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians
Sources
bigten.cstv.com
curtisphillips.tripod.com
www.canada.com/calgaryherald
www.naismithmuseum.com
sports-reference
1954 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1987 Pan American Games
Canadian basketball coaches
Canadian expatriate basketball people in Italy
Canadian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Venezuela
Canadian men's basketball players
1974 FIBA World Championship players
Centers (basketball)
Cocodrilos de Caracas players
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Olympic basketball players of Canada
Pan American Games competitors for Canada
Penn State Nittany Lions basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Basketball players from Toronto
Universiade medalists in basketball
Universiade gold medalists for Canada
Medalists at the 1983 Summer Universiade
Stephen or Steven Brown may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Stephen Brown (athlete) (born 1969), Trinidadian hurdler
Stephen Brown (composer) (born 1948), Canadian composer
Stephen Brown (film producer) (born 1961), American film producer, media executive and entrepreneur
Stephen Brown (Jesuit) (1881–1962), Irish writer, bibliographer, librarian
Stephen Brown (playwright), English playwright
Stephen Brown (television producer), American producer of game and reality shows
Stephen Mark Brown, American opera singer
Steven Brown (born 1952), member of the American band Tuxedomoon
Politics
Stephen Brown (judge) (born 1924), member of the British privy council
Stephen Campbell Brown (1829–1882), Australian politician
Science
Stephen D. M. Brown (born 1955), British geneticist
Stephen G. R. Brown, British materials scientist
Sports
Stephen Brown (canoeist) (born 1956), British sprint canoer
Steven Brown (golfer) (born 1987), English golfer
Steven Brown (judoka) (born 1986), Australian judoka who competed in the 2008 Olympics
Steven Brown (cricketer) (born 1979), Zimbabwean cricketer
Stevens Brown (1875–1957), English cricketer, referred to as Stephen Brown before 1911
Other people
Stephen F. Brown (1841–1903), Union Army officer in the American Civil War
Stephen Brown (diplomat) (born 1945), British diplomat
See also
Steven Browne (born 1989), Australian rules footballer
Stephen Brown-Fried, American stage director
Stephen Brown House (disambiguation)
Steve Brown (disambiguation)
Headingley Castle is a large house and Grade II listed building off Headingley Lane, Headingley, Leeds, now converted into flats.
History
The house was built between 1843 and 1846 by the local architect John Child for the corn merchant Thomas England. The estate was originally 22 acres. The construction of a Methodist college (now Hinsley Hall) meant that the original access road and lodge were cut off, and a new lodge was constructed on Headingley Lane in 1866. The same year, ownership passed to cloth merchant Arthur Lupton (1809–1889) of the Lupton family. From 1909 to 1943 it was the home of entrepreneur and art collector Frank Harris Fulford. The house was converted into a school for the blind in the 1960s, which closed by 1993. It was used as offices by Leeds City Council who put it on sale in 2000, and it was converted into flats.
Architecture
Headingley Castle is the largest of several Tudor Gothic houses designed by John Child, with an exterior of ashlar and a slate roof. Child employed modern building techniques and materials inside including cast iron in its construction with the emphasis on making it fireproof. It features a central three-storey tower and has battlements. The entry porch has a Tudor arch, with an oriel window above, and leads to an octagonal entrance hall. Octagonal buttresses become octagonal turrets at the top, and there is a larger octagonal turret at the rear.
The lodge is of gritstone with a slate roof. Above the door is the motto 'ACE QUOD ACIS' (do what you do -i.e. well).
See also
Listed buildings in Leeds (Headingley Ward)
References
Listed buildings in Leeds
Headingley
Gothic Revival architecture in Leeds
The event was not held the previous year.
Ivan Lendl and Bill Scanlon won the title, defeating Peter Doohan and Laurie Warder 6–7, 6–3, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
John Fitzgerald / Mark Kratzmann (quarterfinals)
Broderick Dyke / Wally Masur (first round)
Eddie Edwards / Christo van Rensburg (quarterfinals)
Brad Drewett / Mark Edmondson (quarterfinals)
Draw
Draw
References
Draw
Next Generation Adelaide International
1987 Grand Prix (tennis)
1987 in Australian tennis
Svitavsko Lake () is semi-artificial lake in Bosnia and Herzegovina, between village Svitava and Neretva river. The lake is a part of Hutovo Blato complex of marshes, lakes, underground karstic wellsprings and rivers, that form a Nature Park "Hutovo Blato".
See also
List of lakes in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Deransko Lake
Krupa (Neretva)
Neretva
References
Lakes of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Hutovo Blato
Lower Horizons Hydroelectric Power Stations System
Trebišnjica
Sharif Malikah (), an Egyptian poet, writer, and physician, was born in 1958. He lives in the United States. He published four poetry collections in colloquial Egyptian, three short stories collections, and seven novels.
Personal life
Sharif Maher Mikhael Malikah was born in Alexandria in Egypt on 1 June 1958. He studies elementary school at Bab El Louk School and then move to Al-Zahir School to complete his preparatory and secondary education. After graduating from high school, he studied at Al-Qasr Al-Aini College at Cairo University and obtained a bachelor's degree in Medicine and Surgery in 1981. After graduating from university, he worked as a health inspector in Tora and was responsible for a campaign to vaccinate prisoners in the prison. After that, he worked as deputy gynecologist and obstetrician at Al Mabarah Hospital in Maadi. In 1984, Malika immigrated to the United States to complete his medical studies and specialize in treating chronic pain. Years later, he worked as a physician at Johns Hopkins University in Maryland. He obtained American citizenship in 1990 and has resided there for nearly thirty years.
Education and career
In 2000, Malikah wrote the first poems in colloquial Egyptian, but he did not publish them, as he used to write them only for himself and recite them to his family and friends. One day, he received a call from one of his friends informing him that the Egyptian playwrights Alfred Farag wants to meet him and listen to his poems. Listening to his poems, Farah advised him to publish all of his poems. In 2003. Malika published his first poetry collection in colloquial Egyptian Arabic, under the title "Circles". He published later two poetry collections "Stories from the Book of Love" and "Name: Egyptian” respectively.
In 2006. He published his first novel "Plastic Flowers" and then a succession of short stories, novels and poems. He has so far written four collections of poetry, three short stories collections, and seven novels.
Works
Poetry collections
"Circles" (original title: Dwayer), 2003
"Stories from the Love Book" (original title: Hawadet min Kitab Al Hub), 2005
"Name: Egyptian" (original title: Al Ism: Masriya/0, 2005
"A Cup of Coffee with Jaheen" (original title: Fijan Kahwa Maa Jaheen), 2010
Short stories collections
"Immigrants" (original title: Muhajreen), 2005
"Day 8" (original title: Al Yaoum Al Thameen), 2009
"Life's Magic" (original title: Sihr Al Hayat), 2016
Novels
"Plastic Flowers" (original title: Zuhur Blastic), 2006
"Sulaiman's Ring" (original title: Khatem Sulaiman), 2008
"The Rainbow's Dance" (original title: Raksat Kaws Kuzah), 2010
"Angels Also Step Up to Third's Floor" (original title: Wa Al-Mal'eka Aidaan Tas'aad ila Al Tabiq Al Thalith), 2011
"Mariam and the Men" (original title: Mariam wa al-Rijal), 2014
"Searching for Candid" (original title: Al Bahth An Candid), 2018
"Happiness Invitation" (original title: Dawaat Farah), 2019
See also
Alfred Farag
References
1958 births
Living people
Writers from Alexandria
Cairo University alumni
Egyptian novelists
20th-century Egyptian poets
21st-century Egyptian poets
Marcus R. Burrowes (1874–1953) was a notable Detroit architect. He served one year in the position of president of the Michigan Society of Architects and was a fellow of the American Institute of Architects (AIA). He was widely known in southeast Michigan, especially during the second and third decades of the twentieth century, for his recreation of English Revival style buildings.
Biography
Burrowes was born in Tonawanda, New York, near Buffalo. Burrowes attended the Denver Art Academy, where he attended lectures and received instruction by architects of note, as well as serving an apprenticeship to a leading architectural firm in Denver. In the 1890s, Burrowes work took him to Canada, where he was employed in the chief architects office of the Dominion at Ottawa, specializing in post office buildings. From Canada, he crossed the Detroit River to Detroit, a place suitable for an entrepreneurial architect like Burrowes.
Initially, Burrowes worked in the offices of Albert Kahn. In 1907, he joined the firm of Stratton and Baldwin for two years, which put him into contact with leading figures in the Arts and Crafts movement in Detroit, including Kahn, William B. Stratton, Frank C. Baldwin, and George Gough Booth. Through Stratton's connections with Mary Chase Perry Stratton of Pewabic Pottery, Burrowes gained exposure to this important Detroit-based firm as well.
However, deciding his future was to be in independent practice, Burrowes formed the firm of Burrowes and Wells with Dalton R. Wells. By 1914, Burrowes was operating under his own name. In 1920 he joined with Frank Eurich, who had received training in the architecture program from Cornell University. Together, Burrowes and Eurich designed many homes in Grosse Pointe and Detroit, as well as several libraries and municipal buildings.
During his lifetime, Burrowes was recognized by his fellow architects. He served as president of the Detroit Chapter of the American Institute of Architects in 1916 and 1917; vice-president of the Detroit Chapter in 1923, and secretary from 1911 to 1915. He served as president of the Michigan Society of Architects in 1923 and 1924. In 1940, he was made a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects and became Emeritus in 1952. He was a member of the Episcopal Church and the Detroit Athletic Club.
Burrowes died at the age of 79 at his home in London, Ontario, which he had retired to eight months previous. His obituary in the Detroit Free Press in 1953, stated how "he designed more than 1,000 structures in and near Detroit during his long career."
Selected commissions
Libraries
Gabriel Richard Library, Stoepel and Grand River, Detroit
Redford Village Hall (Redford Library), Six Mile and Grand River, 1928
Duffield Branch of the Detroit Public Library, 2507 West Grand Boulevard and Dunelin
Francis Parkman Branch of the Detroit Public Library, 1726 Oakman, Blvd, Detroit, 1931
McGregor Library, Woodward Avenue, Highland Park (Local associated architects. Building designed by Tilton & Githens of New York)
Schools and Civic Complexes
Wayne County Training School, near Northville
Barber School, Highland Park
Highland Park Athletic Fieldhouse, Highland Park
Grosse Pointe High School, Grosse Pointe Farms
Grosse Pointe Cottage School, Grosse Pointe
Grosse Pointe Hunt Club Clubhouse, Grosse Pointe
Grosse Pointe Golf Clubhouse, Grosse Pointe
Peoples' State Bank, Detroit
Remodeling of Greenmeade, Eight Mile Road, Livonia
Grand Lawn Cemetery entrance, Grand River just east of Telegraph Road
Methodist Children's Village, Six Mile Road, Redford
YMCA, Highland Park
YWCA, Highland Park
Grosse Pointe Municipal Building
Springwells Town Hall, later Dearborn City Hall
Birmingham Civic Complex, Birmingham, 1921-1922
Starr Commonwealth, outside Albion, Michigan
Design of 11 buildings and campus landscape plan
Newton Hall, Starr Commonwealth, 1915
Emily Jewell Clark Building, Starr Commonwealth, 1917
Wilcox Cottage, Starr Commonwealth
Hillside, later Payne Family Cottage, Starr Commonwealth, 1920
Webster Hall, Starr Commonwealth, 1934
Inglis-Medelssohn Cottage, Starr Commonwealth
Chapel in the Woods, Starr Commonwealth, 1949
Breuckner Museum and Art Gallery, Starr Commonwealth, 1952
Designs for Candler Hall, Kresge Cottage, Norton Family Cottage, Starr Commonwealth - all built after Burrowes death
References
Fox, Jean M. "Marcus Burrowes, English Revival Architect", Monograph #2, Farmington Hills Historical Commission, 1992.
Wilson, Tim Wayne County Training School
Preserve Detroit, [www.preservedetroit.com]
External links
1874 births
1953 deaths
20th-century American architects
Architects from Detroit
American expatriates in Canada
Michael Scott Matthews (born October 24, 1973) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who pitched from to . Matthews graduated from Woodbridge Senior High School in Woodbridge, Virginia.
Matthews pitched a single season at Montgomery Junior College in Rockville, Maryland in before being drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the second round of that year's amateur draft. In August , he was traded twice in a single month, first to the Boston Red Sox organization, then to the St. Louis Cardinals three weeks later. He made his major league debut with the Cardinals on May 31, 2000.
Matthews was a relief pitcher in the major leagues. He was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers toward the end of the season, signed as a free agent with the San Diego Padres for , with the Cincinnati Reds for , and with the New York Mets for 2005.
External links
1973 births
Living people
Cincinnati Reds players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Virginia
Milwaukee Brewers players
New York Mets players
People from Woodbridge, Virginia
St. Louis Cardinals players
San Diego Padres players
Canton-Akron Indians players
Akron Aeros players
Montgomery Raptors baseball players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Memphis Redbirds players
Louisville Bats players
Norfolk Tides players
The rivière la Retenue (English: Retained River) is a tributary of the east bank of the Ferrée river. It flows in the municipalities of Château-Richer and L'Ange-Gardien, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The lower part of this valley is served by roads around Lac la Retenue. The intermediate part which follows the foot of the big mountain, is served by a forest road for the needs of forestry and the maintenance of high-voltage lines of Hydro-Quebec. The upper part, which is difficult to access because of the mountainous terrain, is served by a forest road from the north. Forestry is the main economic activity in this valley; second, recreational tourism.
The surface of the Retained River is generally frozen from the beginning of December until the end of March; however, safe traffic on the ice is generally from mid-December to mid-March. The upper part of the river is subject to a frost period of about a week more due to the altitude. The water level of the river varies with the seasons and the precipitation; the spring flood occurs in March or April.
Geography
The Retained River originates from a small forest lake (length: ; altitude: ). This source is located in a cuvée between three mountain peaks (686 m to the north, 684 m to the northeast, 688 m to the southeast and 679 m to the southwest) in the municipality of Château-Richer, at:
east of a curve of the Montmorency river;
north of the confluence of the Retained river and the Ferrée river;
north-west of the north-west bank of the Saint-Laurent river.
From its source, the Retained River descends on , with a drop of according to the following segments:
south in Château-Richer, with a drop of , to a stream (coming from the north);
to the south, collecting the discharge (coming from the northeast) of a small lake, to the discharge (coming from the southwest) of a dam lake;
with a drop of first south-east to a bend in the river, then south-west to a stream (coming from the northeast). Note: This segment of river bypasses a mountain whose summit reaches ;
towards the south by forming a large S, then curving towards the west, up to the outlet (coming from the north) of an unidentified lake;
first towards the west until a 160 degree bend in the river, then towards the south by forming a curve towards the east, then towards the southwest by crossing the Lac la Retenue (length: ; altitude: ), to the dam at its mouth. Note: Lac la Retenue receives the waters of the North-West Arm which pours into the bottom of an L-shaped bay with a length of ;
first towards the south by crossing the road?, then by forming a hook towards the west by forming two loops oriented towards the northeast, until its mouth.
The Retained river flows on the north bank of the Ferrée River into a forest area.
From the confluence of the Retained river, the current flows on generally towards the south following the course of the Ferrée River; then on towards the east by the course of the Montmorency river, to the northwest shore of the Saint-Laurent river.
Toponymy
This river was formerly designated "Laval River". This toponymic designation is linked to "Lac la Retenue" which has a dam at its mouth.
The toponym "Rivière la Retenue" was formalized on December 13, 1996 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Notes and references
Appendices
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality
Château-Richer, a municipality
L'Ange-Gardien, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec, a municipality
Ferrée River
Montmorency River
List of rivers of Quebec
Bibliography
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality
Nicholas Wilson (born 6 August 1990) is a New Zealand field hockey player who plays at striker. He currently plays for New Zealand's Hockey National Team, the Black Stick men's team.
Career
He attended Palmerston North Intermediate Normal School and then on to Palmerston North Boys' High School, where he represented their first eleven team from 2005 to 2007. Wilson spent his final year at Westlake Boys High School in Auckland.
Wilson made his first appearance for 'The Black Sticks' against Korea in New Zealand in November 2007 at the age of 17. He scored his first goal against the number one (at the time) Australian team at Sydney Olympic Park. Known for his attacking style of play, he was touted as one of New Zealand's next field hockey stars.
In 2010, Wilson became the first New Zealander to be nominated for the International Hockey Federation's (FIH) Young Player of the Year award. He was also named in the FIH All Stars team of players who "lit up the hockey world over the past year".
He played for New Zealand at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, winning a bronze medal. He also played for New Zealand at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
New Zealand male field hockey players
Male field hockey forwards
Olympic field hockey players of New Zealand
Field hockey players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games medallists in field hockey
Field hockey players at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
People educated at Palmerston North Boys' High School
Hockey India League players
HC Rotterdam players
In materials science, quenching is the rapid cooling of a workpiece in water, oil, polymer, air, or other fluids to obtain certain material properties. A type of heat treating, quenching prevents undesired low-temperature processes, such as phase transformations, from occurring. It does this by reducing the window of time during which these undesired reactions are both thermodynamically favorable, and kinetically accessible; for instance, quenching can reduce the crystal grain size of both metallic and plastic materials, increasing their hardness.
In metallurgy, quenching is most commonly used to harden steel by inducing a martensite transformation, where the steel must be rapidly cooled through its eutectoid point, the temperature at which austenite becomes unstable. In steel alloyed with metals such as nickel and manganese, the eutectoid temperature becomes much lower, but the kinetic barriers to phase transformation remain the same. This allows quenching to start at a lower temperature, making the process much easier. High-speed steel also has added tungsten, which serves to raise kinetic barriers, which among other effects gives material properties (hardness and abrasion resistance) as though the workpiece had been cooled more rapidly than it really has. Even cooling such alloys slowly in air has most of the desired effects of quenching; high-speed steel weakens much less from heat cycling due to high-speed cutting.
Extremely rapid cooling can prevent the formation of all crystal structure, resulting in amorphous metal or "metallic glass".
Quench hardening
Quench hardening is a mechanical process in which steel and cast iron alloys are strengthened and hardened. These metals consist of ferrous metals and alloys. This is done by heating the material to a certain temperature, depending on the material. This produces a harder material by either surface hardening or through-hardening varying on the rate at which the material is cooled. The material is then often tempered to reduce the brittleness that may increase from to quench hardening process. Items that may be quenched include gears, shafts, and wear blocks.
Purpose
Before hardening, cast steels and iron are of a uniform and lamellar (or layered) pearlitic grain structure. This is a mixture of ferrite and cementite formed when steel or cast iron are manufactured and cooled at a slow rate. Pearlite is not an ideal material for many common applications of steel alloys as it is quite soft. By heating pearlite past its eutectoid transition temperature of 727 °C and then rapidly cooling, some of the material's crystal structure can be transformed into a much harder structure known as martensite. Steels with this martensitic structure are often used in applications when the workpiece must be highly resistant to deformation, such as the cutting edge of blades. This is very efficient.
Process
The process of quenching is a progression, beginning with heating the sample. Most materials are heated to between 815 and 900 °C (1,500 to 1,650 °F), with careful attention paid to keeping temperatures throughout the workpiece uniform. Minimizing uneven heating and overheating is key to imparting desired material properties.
The second step in the quenching process is soaking. Workpieces can be soaked in air (air furnace), a liquid bath, or a vacuum. The recommended time allocation in salt or lead baths is up to 6 minutes. Soaking times can range a little higher within a vacuum. As in the heating step, it is important that the temperature throughout the sample remains as uniform as possible during soaking.
Once the workpiece has finished soaking, it moves on to the cooling step. During this step, the part is submerged into some kind of quenching fluid; different quenching fluids can have a significant effect on the final characteristics of a quenched part. Water is one of the most efficient quenching media where maximum hardness is desired, but there is a small chance that it may cause distortion and tiny cracking. When hardness can be sacrificed, mineral oils are often used. These oil-based fluids often oxidize and form a sludge during quenching, which consequently lowers the efficiency of the process. The cooling rate of oil is much less than water. Intermediate rates between water and oil can be obtained with a purpose formulated quenchant, a substance with an inverse solubility which therefore deposits on the object to slow the rate of cooling.
Quenching can also be accomplished using inert gases, such as nitrogen and noble gasses. Nitrogen is commonly used at greater than atmospheric pressure ranging up to 20 bar absolute. Helium is also used because its thermal capacity is greater than nitrogen. Alternatively argon can be used; however, its density requires significantly more energy to move, and its thermal capacity is less than the alternatives. To minimize distortion in the workpiece, long cylindrical workpieces are quenched vertically; flat work pieces are quenched on edge; and thick sections should enter the bath first. To prevent steam bubbles the bath is agitated.
Often, after quenching, an iron or steel alloy will be excessively hard and brittle due to an overabundance of martensite. In these cases, another heat treatment technique known as tempering is performed on the quenched material to increase the toughness of iron-based alloys. Tempering is usually performed after hardening, to reduce some of the excess hardness, and is done by heating the metal to some temperature below the critical point for a certain period of time, then allowing it to cool in still air.
History
There is evidence of the use of quenching processes by blacksmiths stretching back into the middle of the Iron Age, but little detailed information exists related to the development of these techniques and the procedures employed by early smiths. Although early ironworkers must have swiftly noticed that processes of cooling could affect the strength and brittleness of iron, and it can be claimed that heat-treatment of steel was known in the Old World from the late second millennium BC, it is hard to identify deliberate uses of quenching archaeologically. Moreover, it appears that, at least in Europe, 'quenching and tempering separately do not seem to have become common until the 15th century'; it is therefore helpful to distinguish between 'full quenching' of steel, where the quenching is so rapid that only martensite forms, and 'slack quenching', where the quenching is slower or interrupted, which also allows pearlite to form and results in a less brittle product.
The earliest examples of quenched steel may come from ancient Mesopotamia, with a relatively secure example of a fourth-century BC quench-hardened chisel from Al Mina in Turkey. Book 9, lines 389-94 of Homer's Odyssey is widely cited as an early, possibly the first, written reference to quenching:
as when a man who works as a blacksmith plunges a screaming great axe blade or adze into cold water, treating it for temper, since this is the way steel is made strong, even so Cyclops' eye sizzled about the beam of the olive.
However, it is not beyond doubt that the passage describes deliberate quench-hardening, rather than simply cooling. Likewise, there is a prospect that the Mahabharata refers to the oil-quenching of iron arrowheads, but the evidence is problematic.
Pliny the Elder addressed the topic of quenchants, distinguishing the water of different rivers. Chapters 18-21 of the twelfth-century De diversis artis by Theophilus Presbyter mentions quenching, recommending amongst other things that 'tools are also given a harder tempering in the urine of a small, red-headed boy than in ordinary water'. One of the fuller early discussions of quenching is the first Western printed book on metallurgy, Von Stahel und Eysen, published in 1532, which is characteristic of late-medieval technical treatises.
Modern scientific study of quenching began to gain real momentum from the seventeenth century, with a major step being the observation-led discussion by Giambattista della Porta in his 1558 Magia Naturalis.
Mechanism of heat removal during quenching
Heat is removed in three particular stages:
Stage A: Vapor bubbles formed over metal and starts cooling
During this stage, due to the Leidenfrost effect, the object is fully surrounded by vapor which insulates it from the rest of the liquid.
Stage B: Vapor-transport cooling
Once the temperature has dropped enough, the vapor layer will destabilize and the liquid will be able to fully contact the object and heat will be removed much more quickly.
Stage C: Liquid cooling
This stage occurs when the temperature of the object is below the boiling point of the liquid.
See also
Quench press
Tempering
Martempering
Austempering
References
External links
Metal heat treatments
Jean-Paul Rappeneau (born 8 April 1932) is a French film director and screenwriter.
Career
He started out in film as an assistant and screenwriter collaborating with Louis Malle on Zazie dans le métro in 1960 and Vie privée in 1961. In 1964, he was co-screenwriter for L'Homme de Rio, which starred Jean-Paul Belmondo.
The first film that he both wrote and directed was A Matter of Resistance in 1965. Although it was a great critical and popular success, he did not make another film until 1971, when he directed Les Mariés de l'an II, again starring Belmondo and Marlène Jobert.
Since 1975, Rappeneau has written only for his own films, including Le Sauvage, starring Yves Montand and (1981), again with Montand, who co-starred with Isabelle Adjani.
In 1990, Rappeneau directed a deluxe Technicolor film version of Cyrano de Bergerac, his adaptation of the classic French play by Edmond Rostand, starring Gérard Depardieu. Rappeneau's film version is the most elaborate film version of the play ever made, and one of the most expensive French films ever produced. It is the only rendition of the play in the original French to be released widely. At the 1991 César Awards, Rappeneau won the César Award for Best Director and César Award for Best Film.
The 2003 comedy Bon voyage, co-written with Patrick Modiano, again starred Depardieu, this time with Isabelle Adjani. The film was nominated 11 times at the 2004 César Awards.
Filmography
References
External links
1932 births
Living people
People from Auxerre
French film directors
French male screenwriters
French screenwriters
Best Director César Award winners
Callimetopus rhombifer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Heller in 1913. It is known from Sulawesi and the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1913
Samuli Vauramo (born 22 October 1981) is a Finnish actor.
Vauramo was born in Vantaa, Finland. Vauramo graduated from the Finnish Theatre Academy in 2005. After graduating he worked at the Theatre of Kotka, where he acted in Aleksis Kivi's famous play Nummisuutarit. In 2005, he starred as a rap DJ in the praised film Tyttö sinä olet tähti with Pamela Tola. He received a Jussi nomination (Finland's equivalent of an Oscar) for Best Leading Actor for his role. He has also appeared in several television series and is currently working on new film projects. He is considered one of Finland's most promising young actors. In 2009 Samuli Vauramo received the Shooting Star-award at the Berlin Film Festival.
Filmography
Films
Autumn Blood (2012) .... Hunter
War of the Dead (2011) .... Kolya
The American (2010)
Bunraku (2010) .... Bully No. 1
Käsky (2008) .... Aaro Harjula
Lieksa! (2007) .... Kasper
Tyttö sinä olet tähti (2005) .... Sune
Mies vailla menneisyyttä (2002) .... extra
Television
H+: The Digital Series (2012) .... Topi Kuusela (web series)
Uutishuone .... Vesa (12 episodes, 2009)
Bodomin legenda (2006) (TV) .... Nils Grönholm
Rikospoliisi ei laula (2006)
Sairaskertomuksia .... An activist (3 episodes, 2004)
Awards
2009 Shooting Stars Award by European Film Promotion at the Berlin International Film Festival
References
External links
Samuli Vauramo on his agent's webpage
http://www.freeyourmind.fi/jutut/2005/tsot/vauramo_121005.php
1981 births
Living people
People from Vantaa
Finnish male film actors
Sita Devi Boudel ()is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). In the 2008 Constituent Assembly election she was elected from the Nawalparasi-3 constituency, winning 13535 votes.
References
21st-century Nepalese women politicians
21st-century Nepalese politicians
Living people
Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre) politicians
Nepalese atheists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Members of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly
Nova Vas pod Rifnikom (, , ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Šentjur in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. The municipality is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.
Name
The name of the village was changed from Nova vas (literally, 'new village') to Nova vas pod Rifnikom ('new village below Rifnik') in 1953 in order to differentiate it from other settlements with the same name.
Geography
Nova Vas pod Rifnikom lies below the northeast slope of Rifnik Hill (elevation ) above the left bank of the Voglajna River. The houses stand on a fluvial terrace, below which is a damp flood plain with meadows. The soil is loose and has a low loam content.
History
Nova Vas pod Rifnikom was annexed by Šentjur in 1984, ending its existence as an independent settlement.
References
External links
Nova Vas pod Rifnikom at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Šentjur
Former settlements in Slovenia
Restore America's Estuaries (RAE) is a national 501(c)(3) non-profit conservation organization dedicated to preserving the nation's network of estuaries through coastal protection and restoration projects which promote the richness and diversity of coastal life. Based in Arlington, VA with staff in Seattle, Colorado, and Florida, Restore America's Estuaries is an alliance of eleven community-based coastal conservation organizations that includes the American Littoral Society (ALS), Chesapeake Bay Foundation (CBF), Coalition to Restore Coastal Louisiana (CRCL), Conservation Law Foundation (CLF), Galveston Bay Foundation (GBF), North Carolina Coastal Federation (NCCF), Save The Bay – San Francisco (STB-SF), EarthCorps, Save The Bay – Narragansett Bay (STB-NB), Save the Sound (STS)-a program of Connecticut Fund for the Environment, and Tampa Bay Watch (TBW).
Restore America's Estuaries works with community, private, and governmental organizations at the national, state, and local level to build partnerships and secure resources to restore and preserve estuarine habitats. Its sphere of work includes supporting on-the-ground community-based restoration projects, creating tools and resources to guide the restoration process, and, engaging and uniting key stakeholders in a biennial national conference and through outreach efforts.
Since its creation in 1994, RAE and its members have restored more than of coastal habitat, yielding countless benefits to vital food supplies, human health, job creation, and quality of life. This work has been accomplished by raising and leveraging more than $25 million in funding for habitat restoration, resulting in the completion of more than 800 local restoration projects throughout the U.S. In addition, over 300,000 volunteers have contributed toward the restoration effort.
History
In 1994, Pew Charitable Trusts conceived an initiative that would link coastal organizations across the United States and work on the national level to further empower them at the local level. Eight existing coastal organizations (ALS, CLF, CBF, CRCL, NCCF, PFPS, STB-SF, STB-NB) were invited to attend a meeting in Philadelphia. The group decided that on-the-ground habitat restoration of coasts and estuaries would be the most effective focus on which to work together. Soon after, these eight non-profit organizations, along with GBF, created Restore America's Estuaries. In 1997, two more organizations, TBW and STS, joined.
Restore America's Estuaries operated from the American Littoral Society offices until December 14, 1999 when it became incorporated. In June 2000, the IRS granted Restore America's Estuaries 501(c)(3) status.
Timeline of RAE history
Member organizations
Eleven coastal conservation organizations located across America's coastlines make up Restore America's Estuaries. They are the primary partners and recipients of support from the organization. The Executive Director, President, or a Vice President from each organization sits on the Restore America's Estuaries' Board of Directors.
American Littoral Society
Chesapeake Bay Foundation
Coalition to Restore Coastal Louisiana
Conservation Law Foundation
Galveston Bay Foundation
North Carolina Coastal Federation
Save The Bay - Narragansett Bay
Save The Bay - San Francisco
Save the Sound - a program of Connecticut Fund for the Environment
Tampa Bay Watch
EarthCorps
Community-based restoration
Restore America's Estuaries engages in projects involving government, corporate, and non-governmental stakeholders at all levels to facilitate the process of coastal restoration. Community-based restoration projects represent Restore America's Estuaries' commitment to working with local stakeholders and volunteers. These efforts implement on-the-ground restoration projects that rely on community volunteerism and scientific design. Projects include planting salt marsh grasses, removing invasive species, stabilizing stream banks, growing and distributing shellfish, and installing oyster reef substrate in coastal habitats such as Coastal Louisiana, Chesapeake Bay, North Carolina and East Bay, Texas.
Advocacy efforts
Restore America's Estuaries works with government agencies and Congress to develop more effective coastal habitat protection and restoration policies. In its first major legislative victory, RAE led efforts to successfully advocate for Congressional passage of the Estuary Restoration Act, which was signed into law on November 7, 2000. More recently, in 2009 Restore America's Estuaries successfully led efforts to advocate for habitat restoration funding in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, resulting in $167 million for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Restoration Center. Also in 2009, Restore America's Estuaries established the HabNet Coalition, a group of more than 50 conservation organizations that are leading advocacy efforts in support of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's Coastal Program, including Congressional authorization of the program. In addition, Restore America's Estuaries and its member organizations are advocating for passage of numerous regional estuary restoration bills in Congress, and annually organize events and legislation in support of National Estuaries Day.
Convening the coastal and estuarine habitat community
Restore America's Estuaries also convenes the broader coastal and estuarine habitat restoration community by fostering dialogue; by seeking out and establishing partnerships that help build capacity and advance the practice of restoration; and by identifying and exploring emerging issues important to the community. As a convener, its intent is to objectively create an open dialogue with the multitude of diverse interests involved with, or affecting, coastal habitats.
Restore America's Estuaries hosts a biennial National Conference and Expo on Coastal and Estuarine Habitat Restoration to convene government, corporate, and non-governmental stakeholders in an effort to facilitate information sharing about coastal issues and discuss concerns/solutions about environmental challenges.
The Inaugural Conference on Coastal and Estuarine Habitat Restoration was held in April 2003 in Baltimore, MD. Since that time, conferences have been held in 2004 (Seattle), 2006 (New Orleans), and 2008 (Providence, RI).
The 5th National Conference, Preparing for Climate Change: Science, Practice, and Policy, will be hosted at the Galveston Island Convention Center in Galveston Texas, November 13–17, 2010. Restore America's Estuaries expects more than 1,000 attendees, 150 exhibitors, 160 poster presentations, and 400 presenters in 80-plus sessions dealing with the newest approaches to coastal habitat preservation and restoration.
Issues addressed
In the ongoing effort to protect coastlines, RAE has recognized the importance of certain economic and ecological issues that take priority when supporting and funding restoration projects. These issues largely guide RAE's focus and its mission.
Socioeconomics of estuaries
A major element that RAE emphasizes is the value of estuaries to individuals. Estuaries are the breeding grounds for much commercially and recreationally fished wildlife, contributing billions of dollars and millions of jobs to the U.S. economy each year. They are tourism and cultural centers as well as the sites of major urban areas. Estuaries also provide a number of ecosystem services including pollutant filtration, storm surge control, and shoreline stabilization. Restoring natural biological functions to coastlines therefore has the potential to improve water quality, human health, and coastal economies.
Combating climate change
RAE also has focused on the impacts of climate change to America's coastal landscape and the ways in which restoration can mitigate these effects. In April 2010, RAE hosted a Blue Ribbon Panel of experts to advise the development of a greenhouse gas emissions offset protocol that would include the restoration of tidal wetlands, marshes, and mangrove forests. The organization is currently exploring ways in which estuary restoration can be used as a carbon sequestration tool to remove a portion of the greenhouse gases that are being emitted into the atmosphere.
Publications
In addition to supporting on-the-ground restoration projects, RAE also focuses on education and information sharing. RAE has published multiple resources detailing the current state of coastal habitats as well as possible solutions to current environmental problems.
Hope for Coastal Habitats
The Hope for Coastal Habitats report highlights the importance of individual volunteerism to restoration efforts and documents various success stories in which individuals became personally involved in their environments. The various projects that RAE has been involved in include wetlands, oyster reef, eelgrass, and fish passage restoration.
Economic value of coasts and estuaries
Aided by economist Linwood Pendleton, RAE published a report that quantifies the dollar value of U.S. estuaries to the national economy. The report found that healthy coasts and estuaries are necessary to protect “more than $800 billion in trade each year, tens of billions of dollars in recreational opportunities annually, and more than 45 percent of the nation's petroleum refining capacity.”
A National Strategy to Restore Coastal and Estuarine Habitat
Published in 2002, the National Strategy to Restore Coastal and Estuarine Habitat provides a framework for restoring the natural biological functions of coastlines and estuaries. It outlines a set of principles of strategies consistent with the goals of the Estuary Restoration Act of 2000 that can be applied to restoration projects nationwide.
Principles of Estuarine Habitat Restoration
As a result of a collaboration between scientists and field practitioners, RAE developed a guide to for estuarine habitat restoration consisting of a set of best practices. The report outlines the key components of successful restoration projects in the areas of context, planning, design, and implementation.
References
External links
estuaries.org
American Littoral Society
Chesapeake Bay Foundation
Coalition to Restore Coastal Louisiana
Conservation Law Foundation
Galveston Bay Foundation
North Carolina Coastal Federation
People For Puget Sound
Save The Bay - Narragansett Bay
Save The Bay - San Francisco
Save the Sound - a program of Connecticut Fund for the Environment
Tampa Bay Watch
Environmental organizations based in the United States
Organizations based in Arlington County, Virginia
Water organizations in the United States
Dorcadion discodivisum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1939.
References
discodivisum
Beetles described in 1939
Kenneth Gail Wannberg (June 28, 1930 – January 27, 2022) was an American composer and sound editor. He worked extensively with the composer John Williams on some of the biggest box office films of all time. His music editing credits include Star Wars (George Lucas, 1977), Raiders of the Lost Ark (Steven Spielberg, 1981), JFK (Oliver Stone, 1991), Schindler's List (Spielberg, 1993), and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Alfonso Cuarón, 2004). In 1986 Wannberg won an Emmy for his sound editing on Steven Spielberg's Amazing Stories series.
His film score compositions include The Tender Warrior (1971), The Great American Beauty Contest (1973), Lepke (1975), The Four Deuces (1975), Bittersweet Love (1976), The Late Show (1977), Tribute (1980), The Amateur (1981), Mother Lode (1982), Losin' It (1983), Draw! (1984), Blame It on Rio (1984) and The Philadelphia Experiment (1984).
Wannberg died on January 27, 2022, in Florence, Oregon, at the age of 91.
References
External links
1930 births
2022 deaths
Musicians from Los Angeles
Emmy Award winners
American male composers
21st-century American composers
21st-century American male musicians
Varèse Sarabande Records artists
Rhino Records artists
All Saints Church is a former Anglican church in the village of Haugham, Lincolnshire, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of The Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on the southwestern edge of the village, south of Louth, to the west of the A16 road.
History
The church was built between 1837 and 1840 on the site of an earlier church, and was designed by William Adams Nicholson. It was declared "redundant" in May 1981.
Architecture
Exterior
All Saints are constructed in rendered brick and green sandstone rubble. The roofs are slated. It is a small church seating only about 80 people. Its plan consists of a nave with a south porch, a chancel, and a west tower with a spire. The whole church stands on a plinth. The tower is supported by diagonal buttresses, and has a pointed west window with two lights. There are two-light pointed bell openings on each side. The parapet consists of pierced battlements containing tracery, and it has ornate corner pinnacles. The tower is surmounted by a recessed octagonal spire, supported by ornate flying buttresses, and is decorated with crockets. The spire is said to echo the similar but larger spire of St. James Church in Louth.
Along the north side of the nave are three two-light pointed windows, alternating with four buttresses that are surmounted by ornate pinnacles. Along the top of the nave are moulded eaves and battlements. In the north wall of the chancel is a single narrow pointed window. At the east end are angle buttresses with pinnacles, and a three-light pointed window. Over this is an ornate parapet with a corbel head and a cross finial. The south wall of the chancel has a single narrow window, and in the south wall of the nave are two two-light pointed windows. The porch is gabled and has single-light windows in its east and west sides. It has moulded eaves, an ornate parapet with a finial, and pinnacles.
Interior
Flanking the chancel arch are boards painted with the Ten Commandments, and over the arch are the Royal arms of Queen Victoria. The pews date from the 19th century, and are carved with poppyheads. There are two box pews, one of which incorporates the pulpit and the lectern. The choir stalls, altar rail and reredos are all from the 19th century, as is the stained glass, which includes a copy of The Light of the World by Holman Hunt. There are some older fittings moved from the previous church. These date from the 15th century, and are an octagonal font, and another smaller font or a stoup. The memorials date from the 18th and 19th centuries.
See also
List of churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust in the East of England
References
Grade II* listed churches in Lincolnshire
Church of England church buildings in Lincolnshire
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Lincolnshire
Churches completed in 1840
Churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust
Eduardo Mendicutti (born March 24, 1948) is a Spanish writer and journalist. Mendicutti was ranked among the top 50 most influential gays in Spain.
Background
Mendicutti was born in Sanlúcar de Barrameda, near Cádiz, a province of Spain where he attended the Instituto Padre Luis Coloma de Jerez school. In 1972, Mendicutti moved to Madrid where he studied journalism and began writing for newspapers and magazines. Mendicutti had a column in the El Mundo, a daily newspaper since its foundation, wrote stories for the now defunct gay Zero and is currently a commentator on television. In 2014, El Mundo ranked him 28 in the most influential 50 gays in Spain saying he is very active in the gay movement. For his public activism, a plaza was built in his honor at his native city.
Mendicutti and Spanish writer Almudena Grandes, who died in 2021, were very good friends.
Works
Novels
Una mala noche la tiene cualquiera (1982)
El salto del ángel (1985)
Siete contra Georgia (1987)
Tiempos mejores (1989)
El palomo cojo (1991)
Última conversación (1991)
Los novios búlgaros (1993)
Yo no tengo la culpa de haber nacido tan sexy (1997)
El beso del cosaco (2000)
El ángel descuidado (2002)
Duelo en Marilyn City (2003)
California (2005)
Ganas de hablar (2008)
Mae West y yo (2011)
Otra vida para vivirla contigo (2013)
Furias divinas (2016)
Malandar (2018)
Para que vuelvas hoy (2020)
Short stories
Fuego de marzo (1995).
"Solamente una vez", in the anthology Tu piel en mi boca (2004).
Pasiones fugaces (2004).
"Canela y oro", in the anthology Lo que no se dice (2014).
Chronicle
La Susi en el vestuario blanco (2003). Crónicas veraniegas publicadas en el diario El Mundo, corregidas y completadas.
Other
Testimonio en la antología Fobias. Diez escritores cuentan sus miedos (2002).
Awards
Mendicutti has received a number of awards for his works:
1973 for Tatuaje
Café Gijón 1974 for Cenizas
1982 Short story award for Una mala noche la tiene cualquiera
1984 Short story award for Última conversación
1987 finalist for Siete contra Georgia
1992 finalist for El palomo cojo
2002 award for El ángel descuidado
Nino Gennaro Award, 2012, from the Sicilia Queer filmfest
2017
Film adaptions
El palomo cojo (1995), film directed by Jaime de Armiñán, adapted from novel by the same name.
Bulgarian Lovers (2003), film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia, adapted from novel by the same name.
References
21st-century Spanish writers
20th-century Spanish writers
1948 births
LGBT in Spain
Living people
Danijel Rašić (born 5 October 1988 in Split) is a Croatian football player currently playing for HNK Zmaj Makarska in the Croatian Third Football League.
Career
Rašić started his career, alongside his identical twin brother Damir, in their hometown club Zmaj Makarska, before moving on to the Hajduk Split academy. Despite alleged interest from Panathinaikos, and games for the Croatia U19 team, the brothers didn't get contracts with Hajduk Split, and signed with the Druga HNL team Mosor. After a season there they both moved to Imotski, and Danijel stayed for two seasons before rejoining his brother at the Prva HNL team RNK Split.
Not getting a chance at Split, he moved on to Varaždin, playing there until the club was suspended. In the summer of 2012 Rašić rejoined his first club Zmaj Makarska in the Treća HNL Jug for a season, followed by another half-season stint at Imotski at the same level. At the beginning of 2014, Rašić joined the Slovenian PrvaLiga team Krka.
References
External links
PrvaLiga profile
1988 births
Living people
Croatian footballers
Association football fullbacks
Croatian Football League players
NK Mosor players
NK Imotski players
HNK Hajduk Split players
RNK Split players
NK Varaždin players
NK Krka players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Croatia youth international footballers
Twin sportspeople
The white-headed barbet (Lybius leucocephalus) is a species of bird in the family Lybiidae.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Nigeria, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Bird calls
This species of African barbet comprises several races distinguished by different duetting song patters but all have a raucous greeting ceremony. It is the only barbet species to use simultaneous singing during a duet.
Description
This species is one of the largest in this genus at 18–19.5 cm (7.1-7.7 inches) in length. It is a black and white type of barbet that has a stubby neck and a heavy-toothed bill. It is found in open woodland areas that are close to water and cultivation. It utilizes fig and jacaranda trees to find food and to excavate nests. These birds are also very social and live in small groups.
Subspecies
Lybius leucocephalus includes the following subspecies:
L. l. adamauae - Reichenow, 1921
L. l. leucocephalus - (de Filippi, 1853)
L. l. senex - (Reichenow, 1887)
L. l. albicauda - (Shelley, 1881)
L. l. lynesi - Grant, CHB & Mackworth-Praed, 1938
L. l. leucogaster - (Barboza du Bocage, 1877)
References
white-headed barbet
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
white-headed barbet
white-headed barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Maria's Lovers is a 1984 American drama film directed by Andrei Konchalovsky and starring Nastassja Kinski, John Savage, and Robert Mitchum. The plot follows a soldier returning from World War II who marries the woman of his dreams, but he is unable to consummate his marriage, ruining the couple's chances of a shared happiness. The film is the first American feature film by Konchalovsky and opened the 41st Venice International Film Festival. Maria's Lovers also was nominated César Award for Best Foreign Film.
Plot
In the spring of 1946, Ivan, an American soldier, returns home psychologically scarred after spending some time in a Japanese prison camp during World War II. Once back in his small Pennsylvania town, Ivan settles in, trying to put his life back together while living with his stoic peasant father.
Shortly after his arrival, Ivan looks for his childhood sweetheart, Maria, a beautiful woman who is taking care of her old deaf grandmother. However, he is disappointed to find Maria in the arms of Al, a captain. Ivan's father thinks that Maria is too good for his son, but perhaps good enough for himself. He pairs his son with Mrs. Wynic, a flirty neighbor. Ivan has sex with her, but he is tormented by the traumas of the war. He tells her that it was his dreams about Maria that allowed him to survive the prison camp.
Ivan is given a hero's welcoming by his community, formed by immigrants from Yugoslavia. During the celebrations, when Al goes to dance with one of Maria's friends, Ivan grabs the opportunity to get close to her. Together they leave the party on his motorbike, heading for their favorite spot of years ago. He gives her a pair of earrings that he planted there for her, before leaving for the war. The next morning, Al is furious and breaks his relationship with Maria. Ivan's goal is fulfilled and he marries Maria in an orthodox ceremony, but his dream of a happiness shared with Maria is soon broken. Having adored Maria for so long from afar, now that they are together, Ivan is unable to consummate their marriage, disturbing their happiness.
Maria works as a nurse and would like to have children. Deeply in love with Ivan, she has to deal with her increasing sexual frustration. On the advice of Clarence, a drifter singer passing by the town, Ivan reaffirms his sense of manliness with Mrs. Wynic, with whom he is not impotent. Maria discovers Ivan's infidelity, and a terrible argument ensues between them. Al invites the couple to his engagement party to Maria's girlfriend. In the middle of this gathering, Al breaks off his engagement, realizing that he is still in love with Maria. Al and Ivan have a confrontation. Ivan offers to let Al have Maria, but to demonstrate his own love for Maria, he puts his hand in a burning stove. Maria, very much in love with Ivan, tells Al that she does not love him.
Maria heals Ivan's hand, but the unhappiness between them increases further. She is pursued by Clarence who tries to seduce her, but she remains faithful to Ivan and resists Clarence's advances. One day, unexpectedly, Ivan leaves town by train. Moving to a new city, he starts work in a slaughter house, making new friends.
Left to her own devices, Maria finally succumbs to Clarence's advances. Though she quickly rejects him, she is pregnant. Maria searches out Ivan and tells him of her pregnancy and of the death of her grandmother, but Ivan is now cruelly indifferent towards her.
Out with his friends one night, Ivan meets up with Clarence. Clarence does not remember him and tells the story of how he seduced Maria, and that she later refused to have anything further to do with him. Furious, Ivan hits a still incredulous Clarence.
Ivan, still tormented by nightmares of his war experiences, is visited by his father, who tells Ivan that he is dying and that he must come back to Maria. Ivan returns home, admitting to Maria that he loves her baby. Now that Maria's chaste image has vanished, she and Ivan are able to make love for the first time.
Cast
Nastassja Kinski as Maria Bosic
John Savage as Ivan Bibic
Robert Mitchum as Mr. Bibic
Keith Carradine as Clarence Butts
Anita Morris as Mrs. Wynic
Bud Cort as Harvey
Vincent Spano as Al Griselli
Karen Young as Rosie
John Goodman as Frank
Tracy Nelson as Joanie
Danton Stone as Joe
Lela Ivev as Anna
Elena Koreneva as Vera
Anton Sipos as Peter
Anna Thomson as Kathy
Tania Harley as Sylvia
Gary Hileman as Harry
Ann Caulfield as Louisa
Mary Hogan as Babushka
Eddie Steinfeld as Mendelson, The Photographer
Nardi Novak as Rosie's Mother
Bill Smitrovich as The Bartender
Frankie The Dog as Dave The Wonder Dog
Production
The film is the first American feature film by Konchalovsky. In his review of the film in Variety, Todd McCarthy indicated that Konchalovsky was probably the first Russian director to have made a major American film with well-known actors.
The opening sequence features excerpts from John Huston's 1946 U.S. Army documentary Let There Be Light about posttraumatic stress disorder.
Locomotive Appearances
Reading T1 Northern #2102 also made appearances in the film while pulling a freight train.
Release
The film opened the Venice film festival.
Home media
The film was released on DVD in the United States in December 2001.
Reception
Critical response
Maria's Lovers has an approval rating of 33% on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 6 reviews, and an average rating of 5.88/10.
References
External links
1984 films
1984 drama films
American drama films
Serbian-language films
Films set in the 1940s
Films set in Pennsylvania
Golan-Globus films
Films directed by Andrei Konchalovsky
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
DarkSpace is a massively multiplayer real-time strategy computer game developed by PaleStar. Released in December 2001, DarkSpace involves multiplayer spaceship combat between three player-controlled factions.
DarkSpace takes place in a persistent universe, referred to in-game as "The MetaVerse", where players choose from several types of ships and fight for control of planets. It also uses instanced "Scenario" servers, where factions battle for control of a single solar system.
DarkSpace has a long and varied development history. The game began as a small personal project, survived several deals with multiple publishers, and is run today by a mostly volunteer staff on an open sourced game engine.
Gameplay
Players begin by selecting one of three factions. Two factions are human: the United Galactic Trade Organization (UGTO) with sleek and well-rounded ships, and the Interstellar Cultural Confederation (ICC) with good long-range capabilities. Players can also choose the alien K'Luth, who pilot fast organic ships and are masters of hit and run tactics. DarkSpace also contains several non-player factions to interact with, such as the Machine Intelligence (MI) race, opportunistic space Pirates, and several other rare and bizarre alien entities.
Players then choose a starship. DarkSpace has several types of ships, such as battleships, troop transports, supply vessels, and even space stations. Each ship type has different capabilities and plays a unique role in the game. Scout ships, for example, can reveal enemy positions, while heavy cruisers are built for attacking other ships. Players are not limited to a single ship that they "own"; they can return to a shipyard or home gate at any time and select a new ship. Players can also store modified ship layouts in a personal storage "garage".
New players start with the rank of 'midshipman', and are restricted to the smallest ship types. To control larger ships the player must earn higher rankings by accumulating "Prestige Points", which are awarded for various tasks such as damaging enemy ships, bombing and capturing planets, building planetary structures, and repairing the ships of teammates. Most ships not only require a minimum rank but also one or more specific "badges" before they can be piloted. To fly a larger combat ship, for example, a player has to achieve the "Bronze Combat" badge by inflicting 50 points of damage to enemy ships.
DarkSpace emphasizes tactical combat: players are able to finely control details of their ship's attack and defense maneuvers. It also emphasizes teamwork and organization: since most ships play very specialized roles, battles can often be won more easily and prestige earned more quickly if players work together as a team. In the larger scheme, faction control of areas in the MetaVerse requires coordination and communication between large groups of players.
Although the game takes place in space and uses a 3D graphics engine, gameplay is restricted to a 2D dimensional plane.
Server types
DarkSpace uses several different types of servers to offer different modes of play. The main game is played out in "MetaVerse" servers, where planets remain in control of a faction until captured. The play area is spread over several star systems and game servers, but all players can travel to the same locations and battle over the same planets.
DarkSpace also offers "Scenario" servers, which contain special plot events or time-limited battles. In scenarios players choose a faction and fight for control of a much smaller area - usually a single solar system. Different game setups and victory conditions may be used for each scenario - for example, factions normally at war may temporarily ally. When the victory conditions are met or when time has expired a winner is declared, prestige is awarded, and the scenario restarts.
Plot
DarkSpace establishes a fictional series of events detailing humanity's future progress into space. In the near future colonies are established on Luna and Mars, which then rebel and claim sovereignty. The United Galactics Trade Organization (UGTO) is formed and does a "complete survey, exploration, and colonization of the Sol system". In 2049 the UGTO sends three ships to explore the Centauri system, where a small outpost is established. Many years of space exploration follow, with humans visiting 11 solar systems and colonizing 10.
Human colonies are now so far from the Sol system that they fall outside of UGTO control. These systems became known as the Farstars. During the First Stellar Conflict the Farstar colonies fight for control of planets and resources but are eventually stopped by a UGTO police force. The UGTO attempt to shut down all independent shipyards, causing planets to rebel and begin the Second Stellar Conflict.
After twenty years of war "the Sol loyal systems once again prevail over the Farstars due to their superior firepower". This is followed by three decades of uneasy peace. Finally, "in 2125 the Free Trade League formally declare[s] the Farstar systems an independent sovereign government henceforth to be known as the Interstellar Cultural Confederation (ICC) and revolution was begun. A series of highly organized surprise attacks drove the UGTO forces from ICC space".
The UGTO and ICC continue to war for many years. In 2266 a UGTO explorer ship disappears in the Sirius system. After investigation by both UGTO and ICC intelligence a joint force arrives to investigate. The taskforce is attacked by an unknown assailant and takes heavy casualties, but the UGTO manages to capture one of the enemy ships. The ship is piloted by an alien species named the K'luth, who reveal themselves to human colonies soon thereafter.
The DarkSpace game begins in the midst of a human civil war, which has been intensified by reports of an alien species aggressively spreading its domain throughout the known universe.
Development history
Inception
DarkSpace was created by Palestar, an independent development company founded by Richard "Faustus" Lyle. Lyle had the idea for DarkSpace in 1995, when he wanted to make a "massively multiplayer game with real-time elements based in the Master of Orion universe"; Lyle said that "Netrek, Starfleet Command, and Masters of Orion [were] the principle influences on DarkSpace". After getting the game to a playable alpha state in 2000, Palestar teamed up with Blue Byte to publish the game. Blue Byte, attempting to leverage the brand power their Battle Isle series, rechristened the game Battle Isle V: DarkSpace.
Prior to the publishing agreement Palestar had offered closed beta test signups on their website. After Blue Byte became involved they handled the testing arrangements instead. In early 2001, Blue Byte announced a closed beta test of Battle Isle: DarkSpace - testing was to begin in February, and those who had previously signed up through the Palestar website would get first consideration. Remaining beta testers would be selected randomly. The initial group of testers was small, but worked closely with each other and the DarkSpace developers. According to Lyle, beta testing "really help[ed] to work out the bugs and correct gameplay issues".
Drop by Ubisoft
Soon after testing began Ubisoft announced that they were buying Blue Byte and making it a wholly owned subsidiary. They evaluated the projects Blue Byte was funding and decided that DarkSpace did not fit into the Battle Isle series. Consequently, UbiSoft canceled their publishing contract with Palestar, forcing the small outfit back into independence. Palestar launched a new DarkSpace website in May 2001. After a new back-end infrastructure for the game was written and released (GameCQ), a new public beta test began.
Partnership with Playnet
The DarkSpace public beta test ran during the summer and fall of 2001. According to Palestar, DarkSpace reached 10,000 registered players in September and 20,000 registered players in November. Since the game was free and reasonably fun, a large number of people drifted through, many of them sticking around throughout the test. Development proceeded at a decent pace, as features were added, bugs fixed, and changes made. Eventually, however, the money provided when Ubisoft canceled the publishing contract would run out, so the game needed to develop a revenue model. In December 2001 Palestar teamed up with Playnet.com to host the game, and DarkSpace moved to a pay to play model, charging $9.99 per calendar month for unlimited access. Players could still access a tutorial and demo mode for free.
Retail Publication
In July 2002 Palestar signed an agreement with Got Game Entertainment to distribute DarkSpace in retail stores. DarkSpace hit store shelves in December that year.
Source code release
In June 2009 Palestar released the source code for the DarkSpace game engine, named Medusa. The engine is available under three different licenses. Several days after release the DarkSpace game servers were overwhelmed by downloads and the engine source code had to be temporarily taken down. The source code is currently hosted on GitHub.
Present day
Since release and the transition from pay-for-play, DarkSpace has had several patches and changes. While the game has always been "under development", the pace of updates has varied. At times changes will be fairly frequent; at others long delays have been known. Palestar's small size (a single part-time programmer since 2002, two from 2008 onwards means that speedy changes are not always possible, or wanted.
Despite these problems DarkSpace continues to develop. Due to limitations mentioned above, volunteer assistance has generally been welcomed in many forms and many of the moderators, game developers, and administrators of the game, forums, and chat rooms are unpaid volunteers.
Darkspace became free-to-play on March 12, 2010 with no restrictions. Players can purchase credits via the online store, or receive a monthly income of credits plus other benefits by subscribing.
Reception
After its release DarkSpace received several positive reviews. Michael Lafferty of GameZone called DarkSpace "a game that looks good, sounds great and plays well", while Brett Todd of GameSpot thought "[n]early every scene could have been clipped from a big-budget movie" and Gamers Hell's Andreas Berntsen said it was "the closest to a perfect online space-strategy game I've seen so far". The gaming website Respawn UK named DarkSpace 'Best Space Game of 2002'. However, several reviewers felt that the learning curve was too steep: Lafferty said "when first launched, the tutorial in DarkSpace was somewhat daunting", while Berntsen said "actually mastering the gameplay takes practice, and the initial learning curve can be somewhat steep" and Aaron Daigle from Game Chronicles claimed that "reading the manual and completing the tutorial mode are critical if you want to excel [at] or even just play the game". A common complaint was that DarkSpace suffered from a lack of players. Tim McConnaughy wrote in his GameSpy review that "there are too few players for such a massive strategy element". Berntsen agreed that "there simply aren't as many players to show what it really can do", and Todd brought attention to lack of players as well.
One of the main goals of DarkSpace was to encourage players to work as a team: in an interview with RespawnUK, Lead developer Richard Lyle stated "we've been very careful about what abilities we give ships, so as to make sure players work together to achieve their goals.". Several reviewers commented on this. Todd noted that "players are intended to work together in their respective factions and complement one another with the specific tasks of their vessels.". Misund felt that "teamplay is absolutely essential", and McConnaughy commented that "players must work together to field a rounded force capable of dealing with threats ... this requires that players work together every step of the way. Darkspace rewards team strategy."
Despite issues with player count and learning curve, several reviews seemed to see potential in DarkSpace. Brett Todd thought that "the groundwork is being laid for DarkSpace to evolve into something special", and Lafferty said "[g]iven some time to grow, DarkSpace will likely be a sleeper hit". Game Chronicles saw a strength where others found weakness, saying "while small in numbers, I think you would be hard pressed to find a cooler group of folks".
In March 2007 DarkSpace announced its 140,000th registered player.
Technology
The login and chat system for DarkSpace uses a back-end system called GameCQ. GameCQ was similar to Blue Byte's portal software, the Blue Byte Game Channel, due to Richard Lyle having written much of the latter. However, as time has progressed GameCQ has developed into a completely different entity.
The GameCQ system deals with all login requests, as well as session information and chat abilities via a process called the MetaServer. When a player connects to one of the available servers, details are passed between the MetaServer and the selected game node so as to authenticate that user.
The game servers themselves are processes which are loaded with a game map. These can range from a single solar system to a collection of them linked by jumpgates. If one map is connected to another and both are located within separate servers, the MetaServer will facilitate the transition and authentication. DarkSpace has two forms of game mode, Scenario and the MetaVerse. Scenario being a single process loaded with a map that contains one solar system, and will rotate to the next based on win conditions. The MetaVerse on the other hand is a collection of multiple processes running multiple maps linked to one another, this can be expanded whenever required based on the player base expanding or shrinking.
The game client and server are a product of the Medusa engine, which is Palestar's own proprietary engine.
Notes
References
DarkSpace Manual
DarkSpace Fiction and Lore
DarkSpace History
External links
DarkSpace Main Site
Palestar Developer Website
Engine and game source code on GitHub
2001 video games
Science fiction video games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Space massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Massively multiplayer online real-time strategy games
Lua (programming language)-scripted video games
Commercial video games with freely available source code
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Got Game Entertainment games
Khmara Island is a small island lying south of Haswell Island, Queen Mary Coast, Antarctica. It was mapped from aerial photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47. It was remapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1956, and named after tractor driver Ivan F. Khmara.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Khmara Bay
References
Islands of Queen Mary Land
Publius agassizi is a beetle of the family Passalidae, named in honor of Louis Agassiz.
Passalidae
Beetles described in 1871
Caner Cavlan (born 5 February 1992) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a left back for Turkish club Bandırmaspor. Besides the Netherlands, he has played in Turkey and Austria.
Club career
Cavlan is known for his passing skills. Cavlan also is a free-kick specialist. He made his debut for De Graafschap in the away game versus AZ replacing Sjoerd Overgoor as a secondhalf substitute. He moved to Heerenveen in summer 2015.
Heerenveen loaned him to Turkish second division side Şanlıurfaspor in January 2017.
On 18 June 2021, he returned to Turkey and signed a two-year contract with Bandırmaspor.
Personal life
Born in the Netherlands, Cavlan is of Turkish descent.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Doetinchem
Footballers from Gelderland
Dutch people of Turkish descent
Association football fullbacks
Dutch footballers
Dutch expatriate footballers
DZC '68 players
De Graafschap players
SC Heerenveen players
Şanlıurfaspor footballers
Boluspor footballers
FC Emmen players
FK Austria Wien players
Bandırmaspor footballers
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
TFF First League players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Joel Mark Bowman is the Samuel Candler Dobbs Professor of Theoretical Chemistry at Emory University. He is the author of more than 500 publications, a member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Sciences, and a fellow of the American Physical Society and of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. His research interests are in basic theories of chemical reactivity; his AAAS fellow citation cited him “for distinguished contributions to
reduced dimensionality quantum approaches to reaction rates and to the formulation and application of self-consistent field approaches to molecular vibrations.” Several of his recent papers have appeared in the journal Science.
Selected publications
.
.
.
.
Vibrational Dynamics of Molecules, World Scientific Publishing, 2022.
References
External links
Bowman's home page at Emory
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American chemists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Emanuel County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,598. The county seat is Swainsboro.
History
The county was created on December 10, 1812, by an act of the Georgia General Assembly from land originally in parts of Bulloch and Montgomery counties. Emanuel County is named in honor of former Governor of Georgia David Emanuel.
Portions of Johnson (1858), Jenkins (1905), Toombs (1905), Candler (1914), and Treutlen (1918) counties were taken from Emanuel's original borders.
Courthouses
Emanuel County has had seven courthouses in its over 200 years of existence. In the county's early years, the court met at Steven Rich's home. Emanuel County's first courthouse was erected in 1814 and burned in 1841. It wasn't until 1854, the same time that the city of Swainsboro was formally incorporated, that the county was allowed to build a replacement. In a string of bad luck, this new courthouse burned in 1855 and was replaced by another courthouse, which burned in 1857. Emanuel County's fourth courthouse burned in 1919 and was replaced by a three-story brick structure which, characteristically, burned in 1938. The next courthouse, a two-story marble structure, was built in 1940 and was the first courthouse in Emanuel County's history not to be destroyed by fire. However, by the 1990s, the courthouse's cramped and deteriorating condition caused several county offices to vacate the courthouse and move into vacant office space surrounding the courthouse square. The courthouse was demolished in the spring of 2000, leaving only the sheriff's office annex. In the late 1990s, the Emanuel County commissioners purchased the former U.S. Post Office building, which was built in 1936, to serve as an interim courthouse. In 2000, the county commission acquired land adjacent to the old Post Office to build a new courthouse and sheriff's office. Emanuel County's current courthouse, a large, single story brick structure incorporating the old Post Office building, was completed in 2002, and a city square was built on the former courthouse site with the old sheriff's office renovated to serve as the city's visitors' center as well as the office for Swainsboro-Emanuel County Chamber of Commerce.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
The northern portion of Emanuel County, centered on Summertown and defined by a southern border heading from Garfield east-northeast and running north of Modoc, is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin. The eastern portion of the county, east of Swainsboro, is located in the Canoochee River sub-basin of the same Ogeechee River basin. The western and southern portions of Emanuel County are located in the Ohoopee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 16
U.S. Route 1
U.S. Route 1 Business
U.S. Route 80
U.S. Route 221
State Route 4
State Route 4 Business
State Route 15
State Route 23
State Route 26
State Route 46
State Route 56
State Route 57
State Route 78
State Route 86
State Route 121
State Route 171
State Route 192
State Route 297
State Route 404 (unsigned designation for I-16)
Adjacent counties
Jefferson County - north
Jenkins County - northeast
Burke County - northeast
Candler County - east
Tattnall County - southeast
Bulloch County - southeast
Toombs County - south
Laurens County - southwest
Johnson County - west
Treutlen County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 21,837 people, 8,045 households, and 5,752 families living in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 9,419 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 63.69% White, 33.28% Black or African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.24% Asian, 2.13% from other races, and 0.51% from two or more races. 3.41% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,045 households, out of which 34.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.10% were married couples living together, 17.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.50% were non-families. 25.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.80% under the age of 18, 10.40% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 22.40% from 45 to 64, and 13.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 92.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $24,383, and the median income for a family was $31,113. Males had a median income of $26,605 versus $18,145 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,627. About 21.80% of families and 27.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 36.70% of those under age 18 and 27.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,598 people, 8,430 households, and 5,833 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 9,968 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.6% white, 33.5% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 3.0% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.9% were American, 8.0% were English, and 7.3% were Irish.
Of the 8,430 households, 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were married couples living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.8% were non-families, and 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 36.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,205 and the median income for a family was $36,402. Males had a median income of $31,434 versus $23,340 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,076. About 17.0% of families and 24.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.8% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 22,768 people, 8,387 households, and 5,683 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
Adrian
Garfield
Nunez
Oak Park
Stillmore
Summertown
Swainsboro
Twin City
Census-designated places
Canoochee
Norristown
Unincorporated communities
Five Points, Georgia
Stevens Crossing, Georgia
Politics
Since 1964, the only times the county has failed to back a Republican candidate in a presidential election were when southern Democrats Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton were on the ballot.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Emanuel County, Georgia
References
External links
The New Georgia Encyclopedia entry for Emanuel County
Emanuel County history at GeorgiaInfo website
Emanuel County historical marker
Summerville historical marker
1812 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1812
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Michael O'Carroll C.S.Sp., was an Irish Spiritan priest, writer, and teacher. Born Michael John Carroll, in Newcastle West, County Limerick in 1911, his father was a member of the Royal Irish Constabulary.
Educated in Blackrock College, Dublin, the Holy Ghost Novitiate in Kimmage Manor, and at University College Dublin (BA in Philosophy and H. Dip. in Education), O'Carroll spent three years studying theology at the Dominican University of Fribourg in Switzerland, earning a Doctorate in Divinity. O'Carroll went back to teach French, Latin, English, History and Religion in Blackrock College.
A contributor for the Catholic Standard newspaper, O'Carroll wrote every editorial that appeared in the paper for 14 years and during the Second Vatican Council, he commented on the debates and decisions of the Council for the newspaper.
In 1995, O'Carroll was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Theology by the Pontifical University of Maynooth.
Michael's older brother, Patrick F. O'Carroll, DD, also became a Holy Ghost priest, serving as Provincial of the order, and also worked as a professor in the United States.
O'Carroll was a noted mariologist.
He died on 12 January 2004 after a long illness and was buried in a community grave at Shanganagh Cemetery.
Publications
"The Holy Ghost Father", Mission Outlook, (1973)
Vassula of the Sacred Heart's Passion (1993)
Bearer of the Light – Vassula, Mediatrix of Divided Christians (1994)
John Paul II – A Dictionary of His Life and Teachings (1994)
A Priest in Changing Times (1998)
References
1911 births
2004 deaths
People from Newcastle West
Holy Ghost Fathers
Irish Spiritans
University of Fribourg alumni
Alumni of University College Dublin
People educated at Blackrock College
Irish expatriates in Switzerland
20th-century Irish Roman Catholic priests
Sportspeople from Limerick (city)
CAN FD (Controller Area Network Flexible Data-Rate) is a data-communication protocol used for broadcasting sensor data and control information on 2 wire interconnections between different parts of electronic instrumentation and control system. This protocol is used in modern high performance vehicles. CAN FD is an extension to the original CAN bus protocol that was specified in ISO 11898-1. The basic idea to overclock part of the frame and to oversize the payload dates back to 1999. Developed in 2011 and released in 2012 by Bosch, CAN FD was developed to meet the need to increase the data transfer rate up to 5 times faster and with larger frame/message sizes for use in modern automotive Electronic Control Units (ECUs). As in the classic CAN, CAN FD protocol is designed to reliably transmit and receive sensor data, control commands and to detect data errors between electronic sensor devices, controllers and microcontrollers. Although CAN FD was primarily designed for use in high performance vehicle ECUs, the pervasiveness of classic CAN in the different industries will lead into inclusion of this improved data-communication protocol in a variety of other applications as well, such as in electronic systems used in robotics, defense, industrial automation, underwater vehicles, medical equipment, avionics, down-hole drilling sensors, etc.
CAN FD versus classic CAN
The primary difference between the classical CAN (Controller Area Network) and CAN FD is the Flexible Data (FD). Using CAN FD, Electronic Control Units (ECUs) can dynamically switch to different data-rate and with larger or smaller message sizes. Enhanced features in CAN FD includes the capability to dynamically select and switch to faster or slower data rate, as and when required, and to pack more data within the same CAN frame/message and transport it over the CAN bus/network in less time. Faster data speed and more data capacity enhancements results in several system operational advantages compared to the classic CAN. Using CAN FD, sensor and control data can be sent and received by the ECU software much quicker. Commands issued by the executing ECU software reach the output controller much faster. CAN FD is typically used in high performance ECUs of modern vehicles. A modern vehicle can have more than 70 ECUs that use CAN FD to exchange information over the CAN bus when the engine is running or when the vehicle is moving.
In CAN FD, it is possible to use the 11-bit identifier (FDBF FD base frame Format) or the 29bit identifier (FEFF FD extended frame Format). The message payload size has been increased to 64 bytes of data in each CAN-frame / message, compared to only 8-bytes in the classic CAN frame. A frame is a message transmitted as a sequence of binary bit-pattern. In CAN FD, the data rate (i.e. number of bits transmitted per second) is increased to be 5 to 8 times faster than the classic CAN (5 to 8Mbit/s for the data payload only, the arbitration bit rate is still limited to max 1Mbit/s for compatibility). Data rate depends on the topology for the bus network and the used Transceivers. CAN FD protocol specification includes some other enhancements as well, such as better detection of errors in the received CAN message and the executing software flexibility to dynamically select (from a list) and switch to faster or slower data rate transfer, as and when required. On the CAN FD bus, some sensors may operate at slower data rate while others at faster data rate. CAN bus is a shared pair of wires onto which electronic sensors, controller units and ECUs are connected. CAN bus is used for exchanging information between operational units periodically or on demand. The electrical condition and configuration of the CAN bus, i.e. the total number of units connected, the length of the CAN buswires and other electro-magnetic factors determine the fastest data transfer rate possible on that CAN bus. The CAN protocol (and by extension CAN FD) has an excellent collision resolution mechanism that depends on the propagation time of the signal and the network configuration (ring, bus or star), and to, a lesser extent, the number of units on the bus. Therefore, a physically long network may limit the data rate below the theoretical maximum.
CAN-FD Busload that was developed by "De Andrade's" equation based on Tindel's equation.
β = τ/ω (1) (β = Busload), (τ = time of slow bits plus faster bits), ω (time in seconds of measurement).
τ = Ts + Tf (2)
CAN-FD protocol defines five different error detection mechanisms: Two of them work at the bit level, and the other three at the message level.
They are:
- (1) Bit Monitoring,
- (2) Bit Stuffing,
- (3) Frame Check,
- (4) Acknowledgement Check and
- (5) Cyclic Redundancy Check. There are two options of CRC which should be denoted as for CRC length of 17 (Data Length 0-16 bytes) or CRC length of 21 bits (Data Length 17–64) bytes.
Ts = ([(SOF+ID+r1+IDE+EDL+r0+BRS/2+CRCdel/2)* 1,2]+ACK+DEL+EOF+IFS)/t_x (3)
Tf = ([(D〗_f+BRS/2+ESI+DLC+CRCdel/2)*1,2]+〖CRC〗_17+5)/t_y (4)
where SOF (Start of Frame) + ID (Identifier) + r1 (reserved bit 1) + IDE + EDL(Extended Data Length) + r0(reserved bit 0) + BRS/2 (Bit Rate Switch) + CRCdel/2 (CRC delimiter)= 17 bits; 1.2 is the factor of the worst case bit stuffing, which means the computation shall be increased by 20%. It is considered BRS and CRCdel divided by 2, because they are exactly in the shift of bit rate transition. The ACK (Acknowledge) + DEL (Delimiter) + EOF (End-of-Frame) + IFS (Interframe Spacing) = 12 bits without bit stuffing. The CAN-FD payload size may be 0, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 32, 48, 64 Bytes. t_X is the transmission bandwidth for the message header (up to 1 Mbit/s).
For data < 16 Bytes
β = ( (SOF+ID+r1+IDE+EDL+r0+BRS/2+CRCdel/2 * 1,2)+ACK+DEL+EOF+IFS)/t_x + (〖[(D〗_f+BRS/2+ESI+DLC+CRCdel/2)*1,2]+〖CRC〗_17+5)/t_y)/ω (5)
For data >= 16 Bytes
β = ( (SOF+ID+r1+IDE+EDL+r0+BRS/2+CRCdel/2 * 1,2)+ACK+DEL+EOF+IFS)/t_x + (〖[(D〗_f+BRS/2+ESI+DLC+CRCdel/2 )*1,2]+〖CRC〗_21+6)/t_y )/ω (6)
CAN FD also has decreased the number of undetected errors through increases in the performance of the CRC-algorithm. In addition, CAN FD is compatible with existing CAN 2.0 networks, allowing the new protocol to function on the same network as classic CAN. CAN FD bit rate can be up to 8MBit/s with the right CAN SIC (Signal Improvement Capability) Transceiver and so up to 8 times faster than classic CAN with 1MBit/s data phase.
Due to higher communication speed, CAN FD constraints are tougher in terms of line parasitic capacitance. Therefore, all components on the line have seen their "capacitance" budget reduced compared to regular CAN bus. That is the reason why semiconductor suppliers have released new components approved by carmakers. This approval reflects the need for interoperability between all CAN FD systems. Indeed, selected ESD protection components are compatible with all transceivers (CAN or CAN FD) and withstand ISO7637-3.
Despite a higher stand-off voltage (37 V), devices for truck applications must also comply with the low capacitance requirement (3.5 pF).
CAN & CAN FD TP Headers
The above table explains the transfer protocol defined for CAN + CANFD, based on ISO 15765-2 (ISO-TP).
In specific to CANFD,
if the first byte of SF=0, then second byte specifies the size of the data.
if the first 2 bytes of FF=0x10 00, then following 4 bytes specifies the size of data in high byte first order. This virtually enables to send ~4GB (approx.) data in CAN FD.
CAN Transceiver
FD can use Transceiver for classical CAN and CAN FD. Additionally there are new CAN SiC (Signal improvement Capability) Transceiver with 5 to 8MBit/s data rate.
CAN FD in action
In 2017, CAN FD was predicted to be used in most vehicles by 2019–2020.
CAN FD supporters
Some of the companies behind the new standard include STMicroelectronics, Infineon, NXP, Texas Instruments, Kvaser, Daimler and GM.
CAN FD forms a basic data link layer in some higher Layer protocols like CANopen as CANopen FD and J1939 and supported by different companies with protocol stacks.
CAN XL
CAN XL is the 3rd version of the CAN data link layer after classical CAN and CAN FD. CAN FD is compatible to CAN XL.
References
External links
Comparing CAN FD with Classical CAN
CAN FD: From Theory to Practice
CAN Bus Protection : Protect What Protects You
Linux and ISO 15765-2 with CAN FD - Details of how (payload) data length differs between CAN and CANFD
Linux and ISO 15765-2 with CAN FD 15th international CAN Conference 2015
CAN FD Explained
Automation
Serial buses
Robert Bosch GmbH
CAN bus
Tijuana Ricks (born in Metairie, Louisiana) is an American actress.
Education
After graduating from Washington University in St. Louis where she received her degree in psychology and performing arts, she attended the Yale School of Drama and received her MFA in acting.
Career
Ricks's most prominent roles have been recurring parts on Showtime's Billions as Tonelle “T” Burton, the Marvel Cinematic Universe TV series Luke Cage, Jessica Jones, and Iron Fist as reporter Thembi Wallace, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit as Dr. Marnie Aiken, OB/GYN, Law and Order as Sgt. Royce and Guiding Light as Nurse Maggie.
She had a small role in the film "The Savages" with Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney and has starred in many television and radio commercials.
Onstage, she originated the role of Cora Lee in the musical version of The Women of Brewster Place and made her Broadway debut in A Time to Kill as a court reporter named Norma.
Filmography
References
External links
1978 births
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
Living people
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Yale School of Drama alumni
American film actresses
African-American actresses
People from Metairie, Louisiana
Kyle Blain Perry (born 5 March 1986) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for club Atherstone Town.
Failing to make the first team at Walsall, he dropped into non-league circles with AFC Telford United, Sutton Coldfield Town, Hednesford Town, and Willenhall Town, before impressing when non-league Chasetown knocked Port Vale out of the FA Cup. Failing to score for the Vale, he dropped down into the Conference National with Mansfield Town in June 2009. The following year he moved on to Tamworth, before signing with Lincoln in summer 2011. He re-joined his former club AFC Telford United on loan in January 2012, before signing with Nuneaton Town seven months later. He was loaned out to Hereford United in October 2012. He joined Tamworth on loan in February 2013. He joined Altrincham in May 2013, and helped the club to win promotion out of the Conference North via the play-offs in 2014. He later played for Hednesford Town, Worcester City, Stafford Rangers, Barwell, Stourbridge, Coalville Town, Bromsgrove Sporting, Alvechurch, Stratford Town, Redditch United, Kettering Town, Nuneaton Borough (again), Chasetown (again) and Atherstone Town.
Playing career
Born in Birmingham, West Midlands, Perry joined the Centre of Excellence at Walsall as an eleven-year-old and developed through the club's youth structure to be one of seven players, including Matty Fryatt, to sign a three-year scholarship for the club in March 2002; the scholarship commencing at the start to the 2002–03 season. He later said he did not enjoy his time at the Bescot Stadium as he was picked on by the older youth-team players. In the third and final year of his scholarship, Perry joined up with then Northern Premier League First Division side AFC Telford United on a temporary basis, scoring twice on his debut: a 2–0 victory at Gresley Rovers on 14 September 2004 the goals being scored against his cousin Dale Belford. He continued with Telford for the remainder of the season, whilst continuing to play for Walsall's reserve team, an issue that concerned Telford's then manager Bernard McNally. Having scored 23 goals for the Bucks as they secured promotion, Perry agreed to join the club permanently in July 2005.
In October 2005, he joined Sutton Coldfield Town on loan, debuting in the club's Southern League Western Division 2–0 home victory over Taunton Town on 22 October 2005. A week later his scored his first goal for the club in their 2–2 draw with Ashford Town. His final game for the club saw his score the consolation goal in a 2–1 defeat at Thame United on 5 November 2011 before he returned to AFC Telford United. He later had a brief spell on loan at Moor Green. Despite his tally of 32 goals in 68 games he was released in July 2006. This was despite the fact that the 20-year-old's goal tally had actually made him the top scorer in the young club's history, his record standing until 1 December 2008 when Lee Moore bagged his 33rd.
He joined Northern Premier League newcomers Hednesford Town in the summer of 2006, but only played one game for the "Pitmen" – the opening day defeat against Marine before being released by manager Phil Starbuck. He then moved to Southern League Division One Midlands side Willenhall Town on £70-a-week, where he formed a potent partnership with Matthew Barnes-Homer. Perry went on to score 26 goals for the "Reds" and was selected in the Southern Football Division One Midlands Team of the year, but was not selected to play in the play-off final defeat to Bromsgrove Rovers. After a prolific season at Noose Lane, he joined Chasetown in the summer of 2007. Another excellent return in front of goal saw him play in Chasetown's 1–0 FA Cup victory over Port Vale in December 2007. In doing this he helped Chasetown become the lowest ever ranked club to reach as far as the third round proper of the FA Cup.
He signed for Port Vale along with Chasetown teammate Chris Slater on 11 January 2008 for a nominal fee and gave up his day job as a graphic designer. He made his debut for Port Vale as a 57th-minute substitute in a 2–0 defeat to Swansea City in January 2008. Perry later thanked Vale boss Lee Sinnott for saving his career.
In December 2008, after not making an appearance for Vale in three months, Perry made it clear his intentions were to earn a spot in the first team and brushed off rumours that he would follow Chris Slater back into non-league football. However, by February 2009, he was informed that he would not be offered a new contract in the summer.
On 6 March 2009, he joined Northwich Victoria on a one-month loan. This move was extended to a two-month loan as Perry hit two goals in four games for the club. After three further games the popular striker was recalled by Vale manager Dean Glover after the club's strike force were hit with injuries. After speaking to several clubs, Perry signed for Mansfield Town on 24 June 2009 on a two-year contract.
In his first three appearances for Mansfield he scored twice against Crawley Town and once against Salisbury City, though also scored an own goal in the 4–1 defeat to Luton Town. By the end of the campaign he had netted ten goals in all competitions.
In July 2010, whilst in a middle of a two-year deal with the "Stags", Perry left the club by mutual consent to join Conference National rivals Tamworth. There he bagged seventeen goals in forty games in his first and only season at the club. In July 2011, he rejected deals with Tamworth, to sign a two-year contract at fellow Conference club Lincoln City, who had lost their Football League status earlier in the year. On 5 January 2012, Perry re-joined his former team AFC Telford on loan until the end of the 2011–12 season. He scored just once in 19 appearances, ironically against Lincoln at Sincil Bank. In the fixture at New Bucks Head, before his loan spell, he scored twice in a 2–1 win for Lincoln. He was told he was free to leave Lincoln, and did so at the end of the season.
He signed with Nuneaton Town in July 2012, having been impressed by manager Kevin Wilkin. He joined Martin Foyle's Hereford United on a one-month loan in October 2012. Despite not starting a game for the "Bulls", his loan spell was extended into a second month. He failed to find the net in nine league and cup games at Edgar Street, though seven of his appearances were as a substitute. He returned to former club Tamworth on loan until the end of the 2012–13 season in February 2013; "Lambs" manager Dale Belford signed him due to injuries to Peter Till and Scott Barrow. He played 12 games each for both Nuneaton and Tamworth without scoring a goal in the 2012–13 season, as both clubs attained mid-table finishes.
Perry signed with Altrincham in May 2013, re-joining his former Vale manager Lee Sinnott. He scored 12 goals in 38 league games in the 2013–14 season, helping "Alty" to secure a place in the play-offs, and Perry played in the final as the club secured promotion with a 2–1 extra-time victory over Guiseley. He scored eight goals in 47 appearances in the 2014–15 campaign, before being released in the summer.
Perry joined Hednesford Town of the Conference North in May 2015. In March 2016, he switched to league rivals Worcester City after what he described as an "ugly experience" at relegated Hednesford, and scored one goal and provided two assists during his eight games to keep Worcester out of the relegation zone at the end of the 2015–16 season.
He joined Stafford Rangers in August 2016, having been released by Worcester earlier in the summer. Perry was the club's top-scorer as Rangers finished 13th in the Northern Premier League Premier Division at the end of the 2016–17 season. However he found first-team football at Marston Road hard to come by early in the 2017–18 season, and switched to divisional rivals Barwell in August 2017. He moved on to Stourbridge, also of the Northern Premier League Premier Division, the following month. He returned to Stafford Rangers in February 2018. The club posted a 14th-place finish at the end of the 2017–18 season.
On 15 November 2018, Perry signed for Southern League Premier Division Central side Coalville Town. He left the club on 18 March 2019. On 25 June 2019, Perry joined Bromsgrove Sporting. He switched to Alvechurch in September 2019 as part of manager Darren Byfield's revamp of the "Church". He switched to league rivals Stratford Town in February 2020. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in England, the 2019–20 season was formally abandoned on 26 March, with all results from the season being expunged.
On 17 June 2020, Perry signed with Redditch United. However he left the club in September 2020 without ever playing a first-team game for the "Reds". He joined National League North club Kettering Town two months later. Speaking in December, AFC Telford United manager Gavin Cowan warned Perry's detractors to mock the striker "at their peril" as "he's unorthodox, he has an effect, people like to ridicule unorthodox but he's continuing to play and affect games". Perry ended the 2020–21 campaign with one goal in eleven games after the season was ended early due to the ongoing pandemic. He scored one goal in eleven games in the first half of the 2020–21 campaign, and then joined Nuneaton Borough on dual registration terms on 5 January 2022. He signed with former club Chasetown on 15 March 2022. The "Chase" qualified for the play-offs in fourth-place, but were beaten 1–0 by Belper Town in the final, during which Perry made an appearance as a 75th-mintue substitute. He joined Midland League Premier Division newcomers Atherstone Town in August 2022.
International career
Perry was called up to the England C team in November 2009.
Personal life
Perry's cousin is former Tamworth goalkeeper, Dale Belford. His brother, Todd, also played non-League football and the pair were teammates at some clubs. His grandfather, William Scattergood, also played non-League football for Nuneaton Borough. He has a son and is separated from the child's mother. He sings in a wedding band called Function Band Live and previously was in a band called StubbleMelt. In March 2021, he announced that with his brother Todd he had formed a workwear clothing firm called KyTo Apparel.
Career statistics
Honours
Individual
Southern League Division One Midlands Team of the Year: 2006–07
Tamworth Player of the Year: 2010–11
Altrincham
Conference North play-offs: 2013–14
References
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Birmingham, West Midlands
English footballers
Association football forwards
Walsall F.C. players
AFC Telford United players
Sutton Coldfield Town F.C. players
Moor Green F.C. players
Hednesford Town F.C. players
Willenhall Town F.C. players
Chasetown F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Northwich Victoria F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Tamworth F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
Nuneaton Borough F.C. players
Hereford United F.C. players
Altrincham F.C. players
Worcester City F.C. players
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
Barwell F.C. players
Stourbridge F.C. players
Coalville Town F.C. players
Bromsgrove Sporting F.C. players
Alvechurch F.C. players
Stratford Town F.C. players
Redditch United F.C. players
Kettering Town F.C. players
Atherstone Town F.C. players
Northern Premier League players
Southern Football League players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
English graphic designers
The Danks are a Canadian indie rock band from Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, founded by Brohan Moore and Alec O'Hanley. The current lineup includes lead vocalist Brohan Moore, O'Hanley on guitar and keyboards, Brian Murphy on bass, and drummer Phil MacIsaac. Chris Doiron originally played bass guitar, but was replaced by Andrew MacDonald.
The band released the EP Samples on Collagen Rock Records in 2008. Music critic John Sakamoto of the Toronto Star described their sound as "a compelling tug of war between wanting to dance and feeling that there's something else you're supposed to be doing."
Their full-length debut, Are You Afraid of the Danks? was released on June 30, 2009. Giving the album its highest rating, Chart described it as "non-stop, hook-laden revelry from start to finish." Fast Forward Weekly, in its review, wrote, "The Danks are straight-up power pop at heart and there's simply no denying their power."
Their second LP GANK came out in June 2013, which Exclaim give 9/10. The band has shared North American stages and basements with Ted Leo and Tokyo Police Club.
See also
Music of Canada
Canadian rock
List of Canadian musicians
List of bands from Canada
:Category:Canadian musical groups
References
External links
The Danks official site
The Danks bandcamp
The Danks on CBC Radio 3
Musical groups established in 2005
Canadian indie rock groups
Musical groups from Charlottetown
2005 establishments in Prince Edward Island
Daxata laosensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Laos.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
Callimetopus cynthia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by James Thomson in 1865, originally under the genus Euclea. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1865
The 1957 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Skyline Conference during the 1957 NCAA University Division football season. In their second season under head coach Hal Kopp, the Cougars compiled a 5–3–2 record (5–1–1 against Skyline opponents), finished second in the Skyline, and were outscored by a total of 138 to 134.
The team's statistical leaders included Carroll Johnston with 447 passing yards, Weldon Jackson with 605 rushing yards and 605 yards of total offense, Steve Campora with 19 points, and R. K. Brown with 183 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Adrian Healey is an English football commentator, currently working with Austin FC on their regional broadcasts. He was part of the ESPN commentary team in South Africa for the 2010 World Cup. He has also been a fill in host for Dan Thomas on ESPN's soccer show ESPN FC.
Broadcasting career
Healey started work in the US in 1992 as a mid day DJ for Boston's WFNX. He then got a TV job commentating for the New England Revolution, replacing the departing Derek Rae. He left the Revolution to join ESPN, where he started with play-by-play commentary with Robbie Mustoe on ESPN2's alternate broadcast of UEFA Champions League play.
Healey served as a play-by-play announcer for NBC Sports' coverage of soccer at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
He served as lead play-by-play announcer for ESPN's coverage of Major League Soccer until 2018. In the summer of 2011, he took a break from his MLS duties to work with Kate Markgraf on the network's secondary broadcast team for the FIFA Women's World Cup telecasts.
In 2019, Healey was replaced by Jon Champion on MLS Game of the Week telecasts, and he now commentates on DFB-Pokal matches alongside Markgraf or Taylor Twellman and UEFA International qualifiers alongside Craig Burley. However, he still hosts MLS on ESPN broadcasts with Kasey Keller and Alejandro Moreno as analysts.
Beginning in 2021, Healey became the voice of Austin FC. Also in 2021, Healey became one of the play-by-play announcers of La Liga on ESPN.
TV credits
FIFA World Cup: 2006 (ESPN/ABC), 2010 (ESPN/ABC), 2014 (ESPN/ABC)
UEFA European Championship: 2008 (Including Final) (ESPN/ABC), 2012 (ESPN), 2016 (ESPN)
FIFA Women's World Cup: 2007 (ESPN), 2011 (ESPN)
UEFA Champions League: 2003–2018 (ESPN)
MLS: 2011–2018 (ESPN) (Lead), 2019–2020, 2021–present (ESPN/ABC) (#2 PxP/Presenter)
UEFA European Qualifiers: 2005–2020, 2021–present (ESPN)
UEFA Nations League: 2018–2020 (ESPN)
DFB-Pokal: 2019–2020 (ESPN)
Summer Olympics (Soccer): 2008 (NBC Sports)
La Liga: 2003–2009, 2021–present (ESPN)
New England Revolution: 1998–2003
Austin FC: 2021–present
Personal life
Healey is from Swindon in Wiltshire, England. He lives in Austin, Texas with his wife Eleanor, son Tyler, and daughter Zoe.
References
Association football commentators
English association football commentators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Olympic Games broadcasters
Major League Soccer broadcasters
The 1974 Havering Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Havering London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went in no overall control.
Background
Election result
Ward results
Source:
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Sgambati is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Giovanni Sgambati (1841–1914), Italian pianist and composer
Kathleen Sgambati, American politician
Coraopolis station is a disused train station in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania. The train station was built in 1896 by the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad, and designed by architects Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge in Richardsonian Romanesque style.
Overview
According to the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation, the "use of this particular style in the Pittsburgh area, especially work by Shepley, Rutan, and Coolidge, represents an important aspect of the architectural history of the Pittsburgh area."
The building and its sister stations in Glassport and New Castle were constructed in the late 1890s as part of an expansion of the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad's commuter line into the suburbs of Pittsburgh.
The building was nominated for the National Register of Historic Places by the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation in 1978. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20, 1979. Its addition to the list as the Coraopolis Railroad Station was announced by the executive director of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. At the time, the building was still owned by the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad and was occupied by an auto equipment dealer.
In 1999, the Coraopolis Economic Revitalization Corporation, Inc. (CERC) proposed using the railroad station as the basis for a future development, including a museum and a "Coraopolis Station Square". The station was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks on December 10, 2012.
Plans have been made to convert the historic station to a trailside cafe seating 75 and a history museum. In 2014, it was estimated that $1.2 million would be needed for that purpose. In 2015, the Coraopolis Community Development Foundation raised $5000 for structure stabilization, work which officially began October 24, 2015. The foundation has submitted an application for a $250,000 Community Infrastructure and Tourism Fund grant through the Allegheny County Economic Development office to move the project forward. The station sits adjacent to the future Ohio River Greenway Trail which will connect it to the Montour Trail Extension. at Coraopolis/Neville Island Bridge.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Montour Trail
Ohio River Trail
References
External links
Coraopolis Train Station Project Official Webpage
Coraopolis Train Station History
Coraopolis Train Station Project
Shadyside Lantern - Architectural Significance of Coraopolis Train Station
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Former railway stations in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1895
Former Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad stations
Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks
Richardsonian Romanesque architecture in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Saperavi (; literally "paint, dye, give color") is an acidic, teinturier-type grape variety native to the country of Georgia, where it is used to make many of the region's most well-known wines. It is also grown in Russia, in lesser quantities in Armenia, Moldova, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan, Australia.
Saperavi is also known under the synonyms Didi Saperavi, Kleinberiger, Nerki Khagog, Patara Saperavi, Saparavi, Sapeavi De Kakhetie, Saperaibi, Saperavi de Kachet, Saperavi de Kakhetie, Saperavi Patara, Sapeur, Sapperavi, Sapperavy, Scoperawi, and Szaperavi.
Characteristics
The berries are medium to large, elliptic or round depending on the type, dark bluish, and thin-skinned; with a maturation period of approximately 5 months and moderate productivity. The leaves are 3-lobed, large, and roundish.
Saperavi produces an extractive wine with a characteristic bouquet, a harmonious taste, and pleasant astringency. Its alcoholic strength ranges from 10.5 to 12.5% and titrated acidity 5-7%. Saperavi grapes produce very deep red wines that are suitable for extended aging. It has the potential to produce high alcohol levels, and is often blended with lighter varieties. It is by far the most dominant Georgian red grape in terms of overall production.
Saperavi is a hardy variety, known for its ability to handle extremely cold weather and is popular for growing in high altitude and inland regions such as Kakheti. It is a teinturier grape, containing the red anthocyanin within the grape pulp as well as the skin and is unusual in being one of very few such grapes used in single-varietal winemaking.
Geography
The Saperavi grape originated in the Kakheti region of Eastern Georgia and now is spread throughout its entire territory (Kakheti, Saingilo, Kartli, Shavshet-Klarjeti, Imereti, Guria, Racha and Lechkhumi). The Saperavi variety is one of the oldest cultivars from the region, and has consistently been the most important in Georgia's commercial winemaking industry.
Saperavi grapes are used predominantly in Georgia and Russia, but have spread to other regions of Eastern Europe more recently (e.g., Purcari in Moldova). Saperavi cultivars are also being grown in New World wine regions, notably in Finger Lakes and Niagara area vineyards. It has shown promising results for a few growers in Australia, where it was pioneered in the King Valley Region of North East Victoria.
Wines
Notable Georgian wines made exclusively or predominantly with Saperavi grapes:
Kindzmarauli; a natural semi-sweet wine, aged for 2 years, produced in the Kvareli region. Grapes are harvested later than for most other wines made from Saperavi.
Akhasheni; a semi-sweet wine similar to Kindzmarauli, produced in the Gurdzhaani region.
Mukuzani; a dry wine, aged for 3 years, produced in the Mukuzani region. It is sourced from the best of the local vintages; and is considered one of the best of the Georgian wines.
Napareuli; a dry wine, aged for 3 years, produced in the Napareuli microzone, Telavi region. It is sourced from the best of the local vintages; and is considered one of the best of the Georgian wines.
Alazani; a light semi-sweet wine, produced in the Alazani region. A blend of 60% Saperavi and 40% Rkatsiteli. The warmer climate produces sweeter grapes than other regions.
See also
Georgian wine
List of Georgian wine appellations
References
External links
Saperavi Infographic
Georgian wine
Red wine grape varieties
Georgian words and phrases
Georgian products with protected designation of origin
The Musket 250 is a NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. The Whelen Modified Series has been racing since September 2, 1990. This race was originally 125 laps, but in 1997 was reduced to 100 laps. This race was held during the ISM Connect 300 race weekend until 2017 when Las Vegas replaced Loudon in the NASCAR playoffs. As a result, starting in 2018, the September race at Loudon now features the Modifieds as the feature division, with a 250 lap, 264.5 mile event, the all-time record of distance of Whelen Modified Tour in the touring format. In 1969 and 1970, Martinsville Speedway ran the NASCAR Modified Division with 263-mile races (500 laps). The ARCA Menards Series East (formally K&N Pro East) will continue to be part of the schedule, but the NASCAR Pinty's Series from Canada replaces the Cup Series on that weekend.
The race in 2020 was shortened to 200 laps due to the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021 only 1 race occurred during the season at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. It was in July but it was the 100 lap Whelen 100 as the Musket event was cancelled for 2021 as was the full throttle weekend. When the 2022 Schedule was released on November 3rd, 2021 the only race listed for New Hampshire was the 100 lap race that accompanies the NASCAR Cup Series weekend in July.
The Modified cars during this race use a restrictor plate. This plate is similar to what the NASCAR Xfinity Series uses at Daytona International Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway.
Race Results
References
Motorsport in New Hampshire
Recurring sporting events established in 1990
1990 establishments in New Hampshire
The 2016 UNCAF Women's Interclub Championship () was the first edition of the UNCAF Women's Interclub Championship, Central America's women's club football championship organized by UNCAF. The tournament was played in San José, Costa Rica between 24 and 29 May 2016.
In the final, Moravia from Costa Rica defeated Unifut from Guatemala to win the inaugural title. All games were 80 minutes in duration.
Teams
A total of six teams from four of the seven UNCAF associations entered the tournament.
Venues
All matches were played at the Estadio Ernesto Rohrmoser (artificial turf) in San José.
Group stage
The six teams were divided into two groups of three. The group winners and runners-up advanced to the semi-finals.
All times were local, CST (UTC−6).
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Bracket
Semi-finals
Final
Top scorers
Awards
References
External links
Fútbol Femenino – Torneo Interclubes, UNCAFut.com
Official Facebook page
2016
2016 in women's association football
2016 in Central American football
May 2016 sports events in North America
International association football competitions hosted by Costa Rica
Sebastian Kreuziger is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Germany.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
German motorcycle racers
Living people
1991 births
125cc World Championship riders
Rudy W. Roethlisberger (April 9, 1894 – January 16, 1957) was an American politician and farmer.
Born in Wellman, Iowa, Roethlisberger went to school in Tennessee. He moved to Wisconsin at age 16 and married Minnie Massey (1893–1961). He was a farmer in the Town of Verona, Dane County, Wisconsin. Roethlisberger served on the Dane County Board of Supervisors, was chairman of the Verona Town Board, and served on the school board. Roethlisberger served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1945 to 1949 and was a Republican. He died in a hospital in Madison, Wisconsin.
References
External links
1894 births
1957 deaths
People from Verona, Wisconsin
People from Washington County, Iowa
Farmers from Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
School board members in Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
20th-century American politicians
A Historic Site or Monument (HSM) is a protected location of historic interest on the continent of Antarctica, or on its adjacent islands. The list of historic sites was first drawn up in 1972, and has since expanded to cover 95 sites, with the most recent listed in 2021. Five sites have been removed from the list for various reasons.
Historic Sites and Monuments are protected under the Antarctic Treaty System, as one of three classes of Antarctic Protected Areas.
The criteria for listing a site are that it should fulfil one or more of the following criteria:
List of HSMs
|}
See also
Antarctic Specially Protected Area
UNESCO World Heritage Site
References
External links
ATCM Measure 12 (2019). Annex: Revised List of Historic Sites and Monuments. - ATCM Prague, 9 October 2019. 24 pp
Celypha atriapex is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 10 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish sprinkled brown with blackish dots along the costa and a blackish-brown apex. The hindwings are grey.
Etymology
The name refers to blackish colour of apex of forewing.
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The third series of Love Island began on 5 June 2017 hosted by Caroline Flack on ITV2. The series concluded on 24 July 2017. It is the third from the current revived series, but fifth overall. The series was narrated by Iain Stirling. As well as the series airing every night of the week with the Saturday episode being used as a weekly catch-up entitled Love Island: The Weekly Hot List, a new spin-off was confirmed, Love Island: Aftersun hosted by Caroline Flack with a studio audience and celebrity guests on Sunday nights after the main show. During the final Aftersun episode of the series, which was presented live from outside the villa, it was announced that there would be a one-off reunion special airing on 30 July 2017 which included all of the Islanders from the series.
On 28 June 2017, it was confirmed that a second villa would be introduced to the show for the first time ever in a twist designed to put the couples to the ultimate test. Eleven new Islanders were introduced during this twist. Mike Thalassitis and Sam Gowland became the first Islanders to return to the villa having been dumped from the island, after being voted back in by the public.
On 24 July 2017, the series was won by Amber Davies and Kem Cetinay, with Camilla Thurlow and Jamie Jewitt as runners-up. The average viewers for this series was 2.52 million, up 1.05 million on the previous series.
Shortly after the final, islanders Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay released their debut single "Little Bit Leave It". In 2018, Kem went onto participate in the tenth series of Dancing on Ice, whilst Jonny Mitchell took part in the twenty-first series of Celebrity Big Brother. It was also announced that Mike would be joining the cast of Celebs Goes Dating, and that Chyna Ellis had signed up for Ibiza Weekender. Sam Gowland also joined Geordie Shore from the sixteenth series. In August 2018, Gabby Allen took part in the twenty-second series of Celebrity Big Brother, Montana Brown joins Celebrity Island with Bear Grylls, Olivia Attwood heads around Celebs Go Dating. In 2019, Georgia Harrison and Theo Campbell competed on the 33rd and 34th seasons of MTV's The Challenge whilst Camilla Thurlow joined the first series of Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins. In 2020, Gabby competed on the 36th season of MTV's The Challenge.
Production
On Valentine's Day, 14 February 2017, it was confirmed that Love Island would return for a third series due to air later in the year, The first trailer for the new series began airing on 28 April 2017. On 24 May 2017 it was confirmed that the series would begin on 5 June 2017. Pictures of the brand-new villa were unveiled on 2 June 2017. The villa is located in Mallorca.
Islanders
The Islanders for the third series were revealed on 29 May 2017, just a week before the launch. However, throughout the series, more Islanders entered the villa to find love. Some Islanders were dumped from the island for either failing to couple up, some were voted off by their fellow Islanders, and others for receiving the fewest votes in public eliminations. The series was won by Amber Davies and Kem Cetinay on 24 July 2017.
: Dumped Islanders Mike and Sam both re-entered the villa after being voted back in by the public.
Coupling
The couples were chosen shortly after the contestants entered the villa. After all of the girls entered, the boys were asked to choose a girl to pair up with. Marcel was paired with Olivia, Dom with Montana, Sam and Camilla paired up, Amber and Harley coupled up, whilst Chloë paired up with Kem, and Jessica remained single and was told she would be stealing one of the boys the following day. However, throughout the series the couples swapped and changed.
Notes
: Jessica arrived after the coupling on Day 1, but was told she would be able to steal a boy for herself on Day 2. She chose Dom.
: As Jessica already coupled up with Dom earlier in the week, they were automatically coupled up during this re-coupling.
: As new Islanders, Simon and Tyla could not couple up during this re-coupling.
: Original Islanders were only given the option to remain in their current couple, or re-couple with one of the new Islanders. As the only single original, Tyla was not given an option and remained single.
Casa Amor
On 28 June 2017, it was confirmed that a second villa would be introduced to the show for the first time ever in a twist designed to put the couples to the ultimate test. Eleven new Islanders were introduced during this twist. The villa was called "Casa Amor" which translates to Love House, and is located not far from the main villa. The new Islanders for the twist included five girls; Amelia, Chyna, Danielle, Ellisha-Jade and Shannen, as well as six boys; Alex, Craig, Marino, Nathan, Rob and Steve.
On Day 26, the boys in the villa (Chris, Dom, Jonny, Kem and Marcel) were told that they would be briefly leaving the villa for a day out. They were then sent to Casa Amor where they discovered they would be staying there for the next few days. Back in the main villa, the girls (Amber, Camilla, Gabby, Montana, Olivia and Tyla) had to pack the boy's belongings before they were joined by Caroline Flack who revealed the twist to them. Shortly afterwards the girls were joined by the new male Islanders, and the boys in Casa Amor were welcomed by the new female Islanders. That night the Islanders from each villa went head-to-head with each other in a game of sexy charades.
On Day 27, the Islanders in the main villa and Casa Amor once again went head-to-head with each other once again in another challenge. This time each team had to complete and number of challenges in the fastest time possible. The team who completed it the quickest earned a point, and at the end of the round the villa with the most points were rewarded with a party.
On Day 28, the original Islanders were told that they would be re-coupling. They were only given the option to remain in their current couple or to choose one of the new Islanders. However, as the boys and the girls were living in separate villas, they weren't aware of what the other one chose. If one decided to re-couple and the other did not, then the one that did not would be dumped from the island. If both re-coupled then they would both remain in the villa with their new partner, or if they both remained then any remaining single Islanders would be eliminated. Olivia and Chris, and Gabby and Marcel both stayed loyal, whereas Amber and Kem both decided to re-couple with Nathan and Chyna respectively. Camilla and Jonny also decided to re-couple, choosing Craig and Danielle. Elsewhere Montana decided to re-couple with Alex, but Dom stayed loyal and therefore was dumped from the Island. As new Islanders Amelia, Ellisha-Jade, Marino, Rob, Shannen and Steve stayed single, they were eliminated.
Weekly summary
The main events in the Love Island villa are summarised in the table below.
Ratings
Official ratings are taken from BARB and include ITV2 +1. Because the Saturday episodes are weekly catch-up episodes rather than nightly highlights, these are not included in the overall averages.
The reunion episode that aired on 30 July 2017 had 2.12m viewers.
References
ITV reality television shows
2017 British television seasons
Love Island (2015 TV series)
Sokrat Maksimovich Vorobyov (; 12 February 1817, in Saint Petersburg – 9 September 1888, in Turmantas) was a Russian landscape painter, engraver and art teacher.
Biography
He was an adopted son of painter Maksim Vorobyov. In 1833, he entered the Imperial Academy of Arts, where he studied landscape painting and perspective with his father. He received a silver medal in 1836 and two gold medals (1837 and 1838), the latter for his rendering of the Benckendorff Manor House near Tallinn. He graduated in 1839 and received the title of "Artist".
This title included a stipend that allowed him to travel abroad. In 1840, he went to Italy, where he would spend six years; largely in Rome and Naples. In 1844, while in Palermo, he received a request from Tsar Nicholas I to create an album of Italian scenes.
In 1846, upon his return, he was named an "Academician". The following year, he went back to Italy, with funds provided by the Tsar, to create more Italian landscapes. Two years later, he began participating regularly in the Academy's exhibitions and, in 1852, produced a series of scenes set in Saint Petersburg's suburbs.
After his father's death in 1855, he took his place teaching landscape painting at the Academy. In 1858, he was named a Professor. His most notable students there included Pyotr Vereshchagin, Eugen Dücker, Julius von Klever and Arseny Meshchersky.
He retired in 1872 and settled at his estate near Turmantas. From that time on, he produced only a handful of drawings.
Selected paintings
References
External links
1817 births
1888 deaths
19th-century painters from the Russian Empire
Russian male painters
Painters from Saint Petersburg
Russian landscape painters
Imperial Academy of Arts alumni
Awarded with a large gold medal of the Academy of Arts
Members of the Imperial Academy of Arts
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
Re Continental Assurance Co of London plc [2007] 2 BCLC 287 (also, Singer v. Beckett) is a UK insolvency law case on wrongful trading under section 214 of the Insolvency Act 1986.
Facts
Continental Assurance plc had gone into insolvent liquidation. The liquidators submitted that the directors were guilty of wrongful trading (Insolvency Act 1986 section 214). They had continued to trade after a crisis meeting, which should have made clear there was no reasonable prospect of coming out of insolvency. The liquidators also alleged misfeasance (section 212) through years of disorganised financial and accounting records and this was what made it difficult to tell whether the company was insolvent. Furthermore, payments to two other companies, IATA and ABTA, showed misfeasance.
Judgment
Park J held that the liquidators had failed to show a case of wrongful trading or misfeasance. The directors' action was appropriate given their available information and advice. They had made careful considerations at the crisis meeting.
Park J also held that if the liquidators were correct about misfeasance, it would only be the finance director that was liable, not the other directors. But the misfeasance claim was in respect of breach of directors' duties to Continental Assurance, and therefore a loss had to be shown. But the payments to IATA and ABTA had caused no loss.
See also
UK company law
Notes
United Kingdom insolvency case law
High Court of Justice cases
2001 in British law
2001 in case law
Mob Story is a 1989 Canadian comedy film starring John Vernon, Kate Vernon, Al Waxman and Margot Kidder.
Plot
The story is about a New York gangster who is forced to go on the run and hides out in the small town where he grew up.
Cast
John Vernon as Don "Luce" Luciano
Kate Vernon as Mindy
Al Waxman as Sam
Margot Kidder as Dolores
Diana Barrington as Maria
Robert Morelli as Gianni
Production
It was filmed in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Crew
Peter Lhotka Assistant Production Manager
External links
1989 films
1989 comedy films
Canadian comedy films
English-language Canadian films
Films scored by Paul Zaza
Films shot in Winnipeg
1980s Canadian films
Elections for the 18th Knesset were held in Israel on 10 February 2009. These elections became necessary due to the resignation of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert as leader of the Kadima party, and the failure of his successor, Tzipi Livni, to form a coalition government. Had Olmert remained in office or had Livni formed a coalition government, the elections would have been scheduled for 2010 instead.
Although the incumbent prime minister's party, Kadima, won the most seats in the parliament, the Likud leader Benjamin Netanyahu was able to form a majority coalition government and become the new prime minister.
Background
On 17 September 2008, Kadima held a leadership election, which was won by Tzipi Livni. Following Livni's victory, former party leader Ehud Olmert (who did not run in the contest) resigned as Prime Minister. Livni was given six weeks to form a coalition, but set a deadline of 26 October for parties to agree to join the new government.
Although the Labor Party agreed to join, current coalition member Shas rejected the opportunity; Livni claimed that it had made "economically and diplomatically illegitimate" demands (including a reluctance to increase child benefits, and rejection of the possible division of Jerusalem in a deal with the Palestinians). It was reported that Shas had rejected almost one billion shekels in child allowances offered to it as part of the coalition negotiations. Gil and United Torah Judaism had both rejected offers to join, while negotiations with Meretz-Yachad were still ongoing. On 26 October, Livni recommended to President Shimon Peres that early elections be held.
President Peres had three days to consult on the recommendation, after which there was a period of three weeks in which other Knesset members could have offered to form an alternative coalition, but no such alternative was brought.
The election would have to be held within 90 days after the end of that period. Although Kadima submitted a bill to the Knesset on 27 October to call early elections and bypass the three-week period, Peres' announcement to the Knesset that there was no chance of forming a government meant that the full waiting period stood. Ehud Olmert was to remain the caretaker Prime Minister until a new government was formed after the elections.
The traditional distinction between the Israeli left and the right had become blurred, with both the voters and the main candidates gravitating toward the center. Israelis, who had always been highly politicized, were switching affiliations more easily. On the Palestinian front, stark differences among the parties still remained. Kadima was committed to continuing talks for a two-state solution. Labor did not believe that bilateral Israeli–Palestinian negotiations could succeed under the current circumstances, and advocated a more comprehensive, regional approach to peace. Likud said it would promote an "economic peace" with the Palestinians and also hold political negotiations, although it was not clear about what.
Procedures
Elections to the Knesset allocate 120 seats by party-list proportional representation, using the D'Hondt method. The election threshold for the 2006 election was set at 2% (up from 1.5% in previous elections), which is a little over two seats.
After official results are published, the President delegates the task of forming a government to the member of Knesset with the best chance of assembling a majority coalition (usually the leader of the largest party, but not required). That member has up to 42 days to negotiate with the different parties, and then present his or her government to the Knesset for a vote of confidence. Once the government is approved (by a vote of at least 61 members), he or she becomes Prime Minister.
Parliament factions
The table below lists the parliamentary factions represented in the 17th Knesset.
Parties
By 23 December 2008, a record 43 parties had registered with the parties registrar, compared to 31 for the 2006 elections, although in the end, only 34 parties submitted a list of candidates, and only 33 ran on election day. On 12 January 2009, Balad and the United Arab List–Ta'al alliance were disqualified by the Central Elections Committee on the grounds that they failed to recognize Israel as a Jewish state and called for armed conflict against it. Balad and Ta'al were also disqualified from the 2003 election, but won a Supreme Court case which allowed them to run. On 21 January 2009, the Supreme Court again revoked the ban.
Alliances
The Labor–Meimad alliance, in existence since 1999, was ended prior to the elections. Labor ran on its own, and Meimad ran a joint list with the new Green Movement.
Meretz and Tnu'a HaHadasha, a new movement of left-wing activists led by Tzali Reshef, ran a joint list, with Tnua'a HaHadasha representatives getting third, seventh, and eleventh spots on the alliance's list.
The anti-West Bank barrier movement Tarabut was merged into Hadash.
The religious Zionist Ahi party, previously part of the National Union alliance, merged into Likud in late December 2008. Ultra-Orthodox parties Agudat Israel and Degel HaTorah agreed to continue their alliance, United Torah Judaism, for the election.
New parties
Several political parties had been established since the 2006 elections. The first was Social Justice, founded by billionaire Arcadi Gaydamak in February 2007 (which in the end did not run in the election), and Yisrael Hazaka was established by the former Labor member of the Knesset, Efraim Sneh, in May 2008.
After the announcement of elections in late October 2008, the Tkuma and Moledet factions of the National Union and the National Religious Party merged into a single party in early November 2008, which was later named The Jewish Home. However, the National Union was re-established after the Moledet and Tkuma factions broke away from the party and agreed to an alliance with Hatikva headed by Aryeh Eldad and Eretz Yisrael Shelanu (Our Land of Israel) headed by Rabbi Sholom Dov Wolpo and Baruch Marzel.
Member of the Knesset Abbas Zakour left the United Arab List to establish the Arab Centre Party in early December 2008. However, he later joined the Balad list.
Opinion polls
Results
Government formation
On 20 February, President Shimon Peres announced that Likud's Benjamin Netanyahu would be given the task of forming a government. This is the first time in which the president had not appointed the head of the largest party for this task, although there had already been several cases in which the Prime Minister was not the head of the largest party. Such a case occurred in the 1996 elections, when Netanyahu himself was elected Prime Minister by direct vote, although his Likud party won fewer seats than Shimon Peres's Labor party. Peres's motivation in nominating Netanyahu was likely based upon the judgement that Netanyahu was in a better position numerically to put together a coalition. Likud's potential partners on the political right won more seats than the parties of the centre-left, who would more likely support Kadima.
Labor and Kadima initially stated they would not join a Likud-led government, although both parties scheduled further talks. Polls at the time showed that the public supported a national unity government between Likud and Kadima, with either Yisrael Beiteinu or Labor as the third senior coalition member.
On 16 March 2009, Netanyahu signed a coalition agreement with Yisrael Beitenu. Following an extension of the coalition negotiation deadline from 20 March to 3 April 2009, he then signed a coalition agreement with Shas on 22 March 2009, and on 24 March 2009, he secured the support of the Labor Party, with Labor's central committee approving the deal by 680 votes to 507. However, large parts of the party remained sceptical, accusing Ehud Barak of only being interested in his own benefits under the deal. On 25 March, the Jewish Home also joined the coalition.
On 30 March, in accordance with the Israeli Basic Law, Netanyahu informed Peres and acting Knesset speaker, Michael Eitan, that he was able to form a government and the Knesset was set to convene on 31 March 2009, in order to vote on the government in a "Vote of Confidence" and to be sworn in thereafter. The country's 32nd government was approved that day by a majority of 69 lawmakers, with United Torah Judaism joining the following day, expanding the coalition to 74 MKs.
Unity Government 2012
On 27 March 2012, the Opposition party Kadima called for leadership primaries, pitting its leader Tzipi Livni against Shaul Mofaz. Mofaz won with 62% of the vote. Livni resigned from the Knesset in May 2012.
Earlier, Netanyahu defeated his rival Moshe Feiglin, winning 77% of the vote in the primaries for the Likud leadership held on 31 January 2012.
On the eve of 7 May 2012, after weeks of deliberation and rumours, Netanyahu called for an early general national election and proposed 4 September as the election day, a notion which seemed inevitable—but in a dramatic turn of events, that very night, he announced that he had forged a unity government with the Kadima Party, effectively retracting the earlier call for early elections. The next afternoon, Likud and Kadima signed a coalition agreement placing Kadima's 28 Knesset members in the government, with Mofaz appointed as Active Vice Premier (in case of Netanyahu's absence) and Minister Without Portfolio. This agreement bolstered the government to the widest government in Israel's history, with a coalition of 94 seats and an opposition of only 26. However, on 17 July, Kadima voted to pull out of the coalition—which, all the same, retained a majority of seats even without that party. The reduced coalition was now divided between nationalist groups, such as Yisrael Beiteinu, and Haredi groups, such as Shas, which are on opposite sides of the universal draft issue. This led some commentators to suggest that the coalition's complete break-up was imminent, and that new elections would take place by January 2013.
See also
List of members of the eighteenth Knesset
2008 Israeli Labor Party primary
References
External links
Knesset site with official results
Elections in Israel - February 2009 from the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Where they stand: Israeli election 2009
Analysis
Israel's Elections: Making a Hard Right By TIM MCGIRK, Time 8 Feb. 2009
Israeli legislative
Legislative election
Legislative elections in Israel
February 2009 events in Asia
Israel
Benjamin Netanyahu
Puthri is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. Subramaniam. The film stars Madhu, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Babu Joseph and Aranmula Ponnamma. The film had musical score by M. B. Sreenivasan.
Cast
Madhu
K. V. Shanthi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Aranmula Ponnamma
G. K. Pillai
Babu Joseph
Jyothikumar
Pankajavalli
S. P. Pillai
Sarasamma
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and the lyrics were written by O. N. V. Kurup.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Subramaniam
James Louis Fregosi (April 4, 1942 – February 14, 2014) was an American professional baseball shortstop and manager, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from to , primarily for the Los Angeles / California Angels. He also played for the New York Mets, Texas Rangers, and Pittsburgh Pirates.
Having been the Angels' most productive and popular player for that franchise's first eleven years of play, Fregosi quickly became its first star. He led the American League (AL) in defensive double plays twice, winning the Gold Glove Award, and, upon leaving the team, ranked ninth in AL history, with 818 double plays. Fregosi holds the franchise record with 70 career triples; several of his other team records, including career games (1,429), hits (1,408), doubles (219), runs (691), and runs batted in (546), were broken by Brian Downing over the course of the through seasons.
Fregosi returned to the team as manager, guiding it to its first-ever postseason appearance in , and later managed the Philadelphia Phillies to the 1993 National League pennant.
In February, 2014, Fregosi suffered a stroke while on an MLB alumni cruise. He was taken to a hospital in Florida for treatment, where he was put on life support. Subsequently, after having suffered multiple additional strokes in the hospital, Fregosi was removed from life support and died a few hours later. At the time of his death, he was the top advance scout for the Atlanta Braves.
Playing career
A right-handed batter, Fregosi is one of many notable alumni of Junípero Serra High School of San Mateo, California, and was signed by the Boston Red Sox in . The same year he was selected by the Angels in the 1960 MLB Expansion Draft, and made his debut in September .
After hitting .291 as a reserve in 1962, he batted .287 – ninth in the AL – in his first full season in 1963, and was second in the league in triples and fifth in hits. He made his first All-Star squad in 1964, batting .277. From 1964 to mid-1969, he teamed with second baseman Bobby Knoop to form one of the game's top double play combinations; with Knoop winning Gold Gloves from 1966 to 1968, the two became only the third middle infield combination to win the honor in the same season (1967). On July 28, , he became the first Angel to hit for the cycle (and the only man to do so at Dodger Stadium until Orlando Hudson accomplished the feat in 2009), and he did so again on May 20, but this one was an unnatural cycle. Fregosi continued to turn out solid years, particularly in 1967 when he batted .290 (seventh in the AL) and won his only Gold Glove, finishing seventh in the MVP voting. He became regarded as the league's top-hitting shortstop, leading the AL in triples (13) in 1968, and was named an All-Star every season from 1966 to 1970. But he was sidelined in when a tumor was discovered in his foot. The Angels became uncertain of Fregosi's future, and on December 10 traded him to the New York Mets in the same deal that brought pitcher Nolan Ryan to California. (Fregosi would later manage Ryan in 1978 and 1979, Ryan's last two years as an Angel.)
Sidelined by several injuries including a broken thumb in , Fregosi struggled with the Mets, where he played mainly at third base, and was sold to the Texas Rangers in the mid-season. After five years as a backup for the Rangers (1973–77), during which he played primarily as a first baseman, he was sent to the Pittsburgh Pirates in June 1977. When the Angels expressed interest in naming him as their manager in , the Pirates released him to pursue the opportunity.
In his 18-year career, Fregosi batted .265 with 1726 hits, 151 home runs, 844 runs, 706 RBI, 264 doubles, 78 triples, and 76 stolen bases in 1902 games played. Brian Downing broke his club marks for career at bats (5244), total bases (2112) and extra base hits (404). Don Baylor broke his team record of 115 home runs in .
Fregosi was the last player to retire who was a member of the "original" Los Angeles Angels.
Managerial career
California Angels
In becoming the Angels' manager at age 36, Fregosi was presented with a solid team nucleus of Ryan, Baylor, Downing, Bobby Grich, Carney Lansford, Frank Tanana and longtime owner Gene Autry, compiling a record of 62–55 in 117 games, and tying for second with Texas behind the Kansas City Royals. In 1979, with the addition of Rod Carew, he led the Angels to an 88–74 record, surprising the Royals and winning the first title in the club's 19-year existence. But they didn't have enough to get by the Baltimore Orioles in the 1979 American League Championship Series, losing Game 1 in 10 innings and dropping a 9–8 slugfest in Game 2; the Angels captured a 4–3 win in Game 3, scoring twice in the bottom of the ninth on an error and a Larry Harlow double, but were knocked out in an 8–0 Game 4 loss. After Ryan's departure to the Houston Astros at the end of the season, the team's pitching faltered in , and the club dropped back into sixth place in their division; Fregosi was replaced in the first half of the season. Fregosi's record was 237 wins and 248 losses in the regular season and one win and three losses in the postseason.
Louisville Redbirds
From the Angels, Fregosi was brought back into the game by Cardinals Farm Director Lee Thomas to manage the Louisville Redbirds of the American Association for three seasons. Louisville won the league championship in Fregosi's first season in 1983, and lost the league championship in the playoffs. In Fregosi's second season, Louisville tied for fourth place in the regular season but won the 1984 league championship. In 1985 Fregosi's Louisville team finished the season in first place and won the league championship in the playoffs also.
Chicago White Sox
With his success in Louisville, Fregosi was hired to manage the Chicago White Sox in . Fregosi managed the team for three seasons, in each of which the White Sox finished in fifth place in the American League West. Fregosi was released at the end of the season. Fregosi finished with a record of 193 wins and 226 losses in the regular season. He didn't manage any post-season games for the White Sox.
Philadelphia Phillies
Fregosi returned in with the Phillies, hired again by former Angels teammate and General Manager Lee Thomas. His greatest triumph as a manager came in , when he managed the club to the World Series. After finishing 26 games out of first place in , the 1993 Phillies (featuring a cast of colorful characters including Darren Daulton, Lenny Dykstra, Dave Hollins, John Kruk, Danny Jackson, Curt Schilling, and Mitch Williams) charged to 97 wins and then further shocked the baseball world by pulling off a major upset against the two-time defending NL Champion Atlanta Braves in six games in the League Championship Series. Despite putting up a good fight against the defending World Champion Toronto Blue Jays in the World Series, Fregosi's Phillies wound up losing to Toronto in six games, with Joe Carter's Series-winning home run in Game 6 being the final blow.
Despite the World Series run, Fregosi was often the target of criticism by the Philadelphia sports media. One general criticism of Fregosi was that he was a manager who relied on veteran players and was unable to develop younger players. He was ultimately fired by the Phillies in after posting a series of dismal post-1993 seasons. Fregosi finished with a record of 431 wins and 463 losses in the regular season and six wins and six losses in the postseason.
Toronto Blue Jays
Fregosi was hired away from the San Francisco Giants (where he had been serving as a special assistant) as the new manager for the Blue Jays in one month before the season began (replacing Tim Johnson, who had credibility problems grow in his one season as manager). The team finished in third place and above .500 in each of his two years in Toronto. On July 27, 2000, he won his 1,000th game as manager, doing so against the Seattle Mariners 7-2. Despite fair results, he was let go after the season. Fregosi finished with a record of 167 wins and 157 losses in the regular season. This ended up being his final managerial position in Major League Baseball. This was the only team where he finished with an overall winning record.
Post-managerial career
As a manager, he had a record of 1028 wins and 1094 losses in 15 seasons. He also managed 16 post-season games. His post-season record was seven wins and nine losses. At the end of , when the Phillies were looking for a manager to replace Larry Bowa, Fregosi surfaced as a candidate for the job. The job ended up going to Charlie Manuel.
Fregosi's number 11 was retired by the Angels in . Fregosi delivered a eulogy at the March 2007 funeral of longtime friend and former Phillies coach John Vukovich.
In February 2014, Fregosi was a part of an MLB Alumni cruise when he suffered multiple strokes. The cruise docked in the Cayman Islands where he was rushed to a local hospital, where his condition was stabilized by doctors before he was relocated to Miami. However, on February 13, Fregosi's condition declined and he died the following day. Phillies owner David Montgomery called Fregosi a "dear friend" after his death.
Managerial record
Personal life
Fregosi was the son of Archie and Margaret Fregosi and grew up in South San Francisco, California. His paternal grandparents were Italian while his maternal grandparents were English and Irish.
See also
List of Gold Glove middle infield duos
List of Major League Baseball annual triples leaders
List of Major League Baseball managers by wins
List of Major League Baseball players to hit for the cycle
References
Baseball: The Biographical Encyclopedia (2000). Kingston, New York: Total/Sports Illustrated. .
Further reading
External links
Jim Fregosi at SABR (Baseball BioProject)
Jim Fregosi at Baseball Almanac
Jim Fregosi at Baseball Gauge
Jim Fregosi at Baseball Library
Jim Fregosi at Ultimate Mets Database
1942 births
2014 deaths
People from South San Francisco, California
Alpine Cowboys players
American expatriate baseball people in Canada
American League All-Stars
Atlanta Braves scouts
Baseball coaches from California
California Angels managers
California Angels players
Caribbean Series managers
Chicago White Sox managers
Dallas Rangers players
Gold Glove Award winners
Los Angeles Angels players
Louisville Redbirds managers
Major League Baseball players with retired numbers
Major League Baseball shortstops
New York Mets players
Philadelphia Phillies managers
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Baseball players from San Francisco
Texas Rangers players
Toronto Blue Jays managers
Junípero Serra High School (San Mateo, California) alumni
, provisional designation , is a stony Nysian asteroid from the inner region of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 22 August 1990, by American astronomer Henry Holt at the Palomar Observatory in California. The likely elongated S-type asteroid has a rotation period of 3.53 hours. This asteroid has not been named.
Orbit and classification
is member of the Nysa family (), located in the Nysa–Polana complex. It is named after 44 Nysa and one of the largest families in the main belt.
The asteroid orbits the Sun in the inner asteroid belt at a distance of 1.9–2.9 AU once every 3 years and 8 months (1,344 days; semi-major axis of 2.38 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.22 and an inclination of 2° with respect to the ecliptic. The asteroid was first observed as at Crimea–Nauchnij in September 1979. The body's observation arc begins at Palomar with its official discovery observation in 1990.
Physical characteristics
has been characterized as a common, stony S-type asteroid by Pan-STARRS survey and in the SDSS-based taxonomy.
Rotation period
In November 2005, a first rotational lightcurve of was obtained from photometric observations by Australian amateur astronomer David Higgins. Lightcurve analysis gave a well-defined rotation period of 3.5257 hours with a high brightness variation of 0.77 magnitude (). In January 2014, observations in the R-band at the Palomar Transient Factory in California gave two concurring periods of 3.523 and 3.53 hours with an amplitude of 0.60 magnitude (). A high brightness amplitude typically indicates that the body has a non-spherical shape
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, measures 3.345 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.250. The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link adopts Petr Pravec's revised WISE-result, that is, an albedo of 0.2232 and a diameter of 3.351 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 14.62.
Naming
This minor planet was numbered on 2 February 1999 (). As of 2018, it has not been named.
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (5001)-(10000) – Minor Planet Center
009948
Discoveries by Henry E. Holt
009948
19900822
Luz María "Luzma" Umpierre-Herrera (born 1947) is a Puerto Rican human rights advocate, New-Humanist educator, poet, and scholar. Umpierre-Herrera works on the topics of activism and social equality, the immigrant experience, and bilingualism in the United States, and Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) issues. Umpierre has published ten poetry books and has had numerous essays published in academic journals.
Life
Luz María Umpierre was born in Santurce, Puerto Rico, in 1947, and grew up in a working-class neighborhood called "La veintiuna" (Stop 21) in a household with sixteen people. Her mother was born in Puerto Rico and grew up in New York City; for this reason, Umpierre was exposed to both English and Spanish as a child. Her father was a government worker. Umpierre studied at the Sacred Heart Academy and at the Universidad del Sagrado Corazón, both in Puerto Rico, graduating from both with honors.
After several years of teaching at the Academia María Reina in San Juan, Umpierre felt that she was "sexile." The prejudice she experienced as an open lesbian on the island contributed to her moving to the mainland in 1974. As she followed her academic path, she was shocked to see that in the United States she was prejudiced against not only for her sexual orientation but also for her Puerto Rican origin and ethnicity. These experiences led her to decide to mentor underprivileged and exiled students, Puerto Rican-born like her and immigrants.
Education and career
She earned her B.A., with honors, in Spanish and Humanities from the Universidad del Sagrado Corazón in 1970. In 1976, she received her M.A. in Spanish (Caribbean Literature) from Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania, where she also completed her Ph.D. in Spanish (1978). Umpierre also completed Post Doctoral Studies in the Fields of: Literary Theory at the University of Kansas (1981-1982), University Administration (Recruitment and Retention of Minorities) as a State of New Jersey/Woodrow Wilson International Center Fellow (1986), and Management and Policy at the New School for Social Research, Milano School-Syracuse Campus (1995-1996).
After finishing her Ph.D. in 1978, Umpierre went on to teach at several institutions. She was the first Puerto Rican to receive tenure at the Department of Spanish and Portuguese at Rutgers University, where she taught the very first graduate-level course on Colonial Latin American Literature. She also created the first courses on Caribbean Literature and Culture at Rutgers University, as well as one of the first courses on Latinas in the U.S. to be taught in the country. She was the first openly Lesbian Latina Scholar in Residence in Women Studies at Penn State University.
Her presence as an open lesbian Latina academic at Rutgers was met with a conservative backlash. She was banned in 1989 from teaching at the university for her texts on the inclusion of Gay and Lesbian in her literature classes and also after speaking at the March on Washington, DC of 1987. This setback only reinforced her activism regarding LGBT Studies, as she's continued to be an activist for the inclusion of LGBT topics in academia.
After leaving Rutgers, she worked as Head and Professor of the Department of Modern Languages and Intercultural Studies and Folklore at Western Kentucky University (WKU). It was while working at WKU, that Umpierre received the "Woman of the Year" award. She continued to work with the underprivileged and societal outcasts.
In 1992, she became a faculty member at the State University of New York –Brockport (SUNY) and was a Professor of Foreign Languages and literature. Again, she was met with academic backlash for her activism for LGBT rights. In 1992, she was accused by SUNY of "exposing students to homosexuality" for teaching literature from a Homocriticism view and was suspended for two years. She subsequently became homeless, yet continued her work as an advocate for equality in academia.
Umpierre eventually relocated to Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, where she was an Associate Professor for Classic and Romance Languages and literature, along with Women Studies in 1998. She also expanded the curriculum of this university to include adding courses dealing with Latina Literature and Culture, Creative Writing, and Latin American Studies. She eventually left Bates College of her choosing in 2002 to nurture her writing career and continue promoting activist causes.
Poetry
Umpierre has published six books of poetry and two chapbooks or "hojas poéticas." She has received critical attention, particularly from women, feminist, and queer scholars.
Umpierre is a bilingual poet who writes in English and Spanish and sometimes mixes both languages in the same poem. Her work was published by tatiana de la tierra in de la tierra's bilingual magazine, Esto no tiene nombre, for Latina lesbians. She also supported de la tierra's other magazine, conmoción, which was a continuation and expansion of esto meant to be a platform for conversation about Latina lesbians through publishing work like Umpierre's. In her work, she establishes a conversation with many American, Latin American, and Puerto Rican women poets and writers such as Sylvia Plath, Virginia Woolf, Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, Julia de Burgos, and Sandra María Esteves. Noted among This is the poetical exchange she carried for years with Nuyorican minor poet Sandra María Esteves; this exchange was lauded in Europe and the US and was included in a special radio program of the MLA because of its uniqueness.
Umpierre started out her poetry career with the publication of Una puertorriqueña en Penna (1979), whose title can be translated as "A Puerto Rican woman in Pennsylvania" or "A Puerto Rican woman in pain." In this book, the author offers poems that comment on the discrimination that the Puerto Rican community faced in Philadelphia. The final poem in that collection: "Mascarada la vida", signals towards the lesbian themes which she would develop further in other collections. Umpierre also comments on the prejudice against Puerto Ricans in institutions of higher education, particularly in Spanish departments that judged Puerto Rican Spanish as deficient or incorrect. She also explores these topics in her second and third books, En el país de las maravillas (Kempis puertorriqueño) (1982) and . . . Y otras desgracias/And Other Misfortunes. . . (1985), which shows a marked turn towards more bilingualism and carries openly Lesbian poems. The same book was included as a Stonewall Era publication.
One of Umpierre's books is The Margarita Poems (1987), where she discusses her lesbianism and offers highly erotic poems about lesbian love. The book also discusses issues of feminist sisterhood, Puerto Rican independence, and immigrant experience. In the 1990s, she published her book For Christine (1995). In the 2000s, she published two chapbooks or "hojas poéticas": Pour toi/For Moira (2005) and Our Only Island—for Nemir (2009). A volume of her complete works edited by Carmen S. Rivera and Daniel Torres was published in 2011.
Scholarship
Umpierre has published two books of literary criticism focusing on Puerto Rican literature and numerous critical articles mostly on Caribbean literature and women authors. She is one of the few people who has written on Nemir Matos' poems. She is advancing a "homocritical" theory of reading, which she labels as "Homocriticism", suggesting that homosexual readers can be more attuned to perceiving hidden queer meaning in a literary work. Her first article on this subject, appeared in Collages & Bricolages in 1993 under the title "On Critical Diversity" and dealt with the book Fragmentos a su imán by José Lezama Lima although it was written in the early 1980s and taught at Rutgers University in Graduate Seminars during that decade. She developed her ideas further on this topic in an article on Carmen Lugo Filippi's short story "Milagros, calle Mercurio" [Milagros, Mercury Street].
Awards, nominations and noted posts
Consultant for National Endowment for the Humanities from 1980 to 1985, and 1988.
Executive Board Member for New Jersey Voters for Civil Liberties from 1985 to 1989.
Consultant for the National Graduate from Fellows Program, USA, Department of Education in 1986.
Distinguished Lecturer and Guest Writer at Carleton College in 1987. Topic of lecture: Hispanic Women Writers in the USA.
Lifetime Achievement Award, Coalition of Lesbian and Gay Organizations in New Jersey in 1990.
Elected to the Delegate Assembly of the Modern Language Association for Ethnic Studies and Special Interests from 1991 to 1993.
Keynote Speaker, Bayard Rustin Breakfast, AIDS Massachusetts in 1991.
Honored by New York Chapter of the National Writers Union in 1993
Nominated for the Women's Hall of Fame, Seneca Falls, New York in 1994 and again in 2009.
Chair, Feministas Unidas session at MLA convention on "Teaching Taboos in Hispanic Literature," Washington, D.C. in December 1996.
Keynote speaker, Ford Foundation Annual Fellows Convention, Washington, D.C. in 1997.
Member of NEH Committee at Bates College from 1998 to 2000.
Nominated for the Martin Duberman Fellowship at CUNY in 2000.
Keynote Speaker at Ohio University (Athens) on "Sexuality in Literature and Film Conference," in 2001.
Elected to Governing Committee, Puerto Rican Literature and Culture Study Group, MLA in 1998 and promoted to Chair in 2002.
Nominated for the Phyllis Franklin Humanities Award from the M.L.A. in 2002.
Elected to the Division of Ethnic Studies of the Modern Language Association from 2000 to 2004 and the Delegate assembly from 2005 to 2007.
Distinguished Woman Leader of Maine, 2008.
Nominated for the 2010 inclusion to the Women's Hall of Fame in Seneca Falls, New York.
Nominated for Pioneer Award From LAMBDA in 2013.
Nominated for a South Korean International Award for Human Rights Activism, being the only Puerto Rican Lesbian having been nominated (decision expected in May, 2014)
List of works
Poetry
Una puertorriqueña en Penna. [Puerto Rico]: Master Typesetting of P.R., 1979.
En el país de las maravillas (Kempis puertorriqueño). Bloomington, Ind.: Third Woman Press, 1982.
. . . Y otras desgracias/And Other Misfortunes. . . Bloomington, Ind.: Third Woman Press, 1985.
The Margarita Poems. Bloomington, Ind.: Third Woman Press, 1987.
For Christine: Poems and One Letter. Chapel Hill, N.C.: Professional Press, 1995.
Pour toi/ For Moira. San Juan, Puerto Rico: Mariita Rivadulla and Associates, 2005.
Our Only Island—for Nemir. San Juan, Puerto Rico: Mariita Rivadulla Professional Services, 2009.
I'm Still Standing: Treinta años de poesía/Thirty Years of Poetry, eds. Carmen S. Rivera and Daniel Torres. Orlando, FL and Fredonia, NY: www.luzmaumpierre.com and SUNY-Fredonia, 2011.
Literary criticism
Ideología y novela en Puerto Rico: un estudio de la narrativa de Zeno, Laguerre y Soto. Madrid: Playor, 1983.
Nuevas aproximaciones críticas a la literatura puertorriqueña contemporánea. Río Piedras: Editorial Cultural, 1983.
See also
LGBT literature
List of Puerto Ricans
List of gay, lesbian or bisexual people
List of LGBT writers
List of lesbian literature
List of Puerto Rican writers
Puerto Rican literature
Nuyorican Movement
References
1947 births
Living people
People from Santurce, Puerto Rico
Lesbian feminists
American lesbian writers
LGBT writers from Puerto Rico
Bryn Mawr College alumni
Puerto Rican feminists
Puerto Rican poets
Puerto Rican women writers
Postmodern feminists
American LGBT poets
American women poets
Ford Foundation fellowships
20th-century Puerto Rican poets
21st-century Puerto Rican poets
Universidad del Sagrado Corazón alumni
Snyder Solomon Kirkpatrick (February 21, 1848 – April 5, 1909) was an American attorney and politician who served as a U.S. representative from Kansas.
Early life and education
Kirkpatrick was born near Mulkeytown, Illinois to John Foster Kirkpatrick and Hester Ann Dial Kirkpatrick. He attended public schools schools.
Career
During the Civil War, he served as a private in Company A of the 136th Illinois Cavalry Regiment from April to October 1864. He re-enlisted in the 20th Illinois Cavalry but that had been filled before he reached rendezvous with the regiment. He tried again for the 63rd Regiment of Infantry in which his brothers William A. and Reuben D. were serving, but before he arrived to serve with that regiment the war had ended.
Kirkpatrick engaged in mercantile pursuits at Du Quoin, Illinois from 1865 to 1867. He entered the law school at the University of Michigan in 1867 before returning to Illinois. He was admitted to the bar by the supreme court of Illinois on June 30, 1868, and commenced practice at Cairo, Illinois.
In 1873, Kirkpatrick moved to Kansas and settled in Fredonia, engaging in the practice of law. He was elected prosecuting attorney of Wilson County in 1880, and served as a member of the Kansas State Senate from 1889 to 1893. He was an attorney for the St. Louis and San Francisco Railway Company for many years.
Kirkpatrick was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1892 to the Fifty-third Congress. He was then elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1897). He ran for reelection to the Fifty-fifth Congress and for election to the Fifty-sixth and Fifty-seventh Congresses but was unsuccessful. Kirkpatrick served as member of the Kansas State house of representatives 1903-1905.
Personal life
On December 25, 1867 he married Rosa H. Bowen in Mattoon, Coles Co., IL. Rosa and Solomon has five children: Elsie; Otto; Mark; Byron; and Hobert. Rosa died at Fredonia on 13 February 1887. Kirkpatrick remarried. His second wife was Mrs. Floren Adell (Oakford) Buker of Chicago.
Kirkpatrick died in Fredonia, Kansas on April 5, 1909 and was interred in Fredonia Cemetery.
References
1848 births
1909 deaths
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Kansas state senators
Union Army soldiers
People from Fredonia, Kansas
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
People from Franklin County, Illinois
People from Cairo, Illinois
People of Illinois in the American Civil War
Illinois lawyers
Kansas lawyers
Privalov (, from привал meaning halt) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Privalova. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksandr Privalov (1933–2021), Soviet biathlete
Aleksandra Privalova (born 1987), Belarusian table tennis player
Irina Privalova (born 1968), Russian sprinter
Ivan Privalov (1891–1941), Russian mathematician
Ivan Privalov (footballer) (1902–1974), Ukrainian football player
In fiction
Sergey Privalov, character in the two-part feature film Privalov's Millions
Aleksandr Ivanovich Privalov, character in the science fiction novel Monday Begins on Saturday
Russian-language surnames
Jane Jackson Thompson (also Thomson) (–after 1792) was an enslaved person who lived with her common-law husband, Talbot Thompson, until he was able to purchase her freedom in 1769. Talbot was a successful sail-maker and provided a comfortable life for Jane and their family.
They became Black Loyalists during the American Revolutionary War after all of their property was burned down in 1776. Her children and their families also became loyalists and joined the British between 1775 and 1780. Although her children were with several inter-connected slave owners mostly from the Norfolk, Virginia area. In accordance with Lord Dunmore's proclamation of 1775, Jane and her family members were loyal to the British and attained or maintained their freedom under the British.
She came to Nova Scotia in 1783, when she was between 60 and 70 years of age. Her descendants lived in Birchtown and other towns in Nova Scotia. She was the matriarch of Nova Scotian Settlers who relocated to Sierra Leone in 1792.
Early and personal life
Jane Thompson, also known as Jenny, and her mother Sabina were slaves of John Tucker, who came with his brother to Virginia from the Caribbean about the turn of the 18th century. Her father may have been a man named "Old Joe" Tucker. In 1735, they were the only two women on Tucker's slave list. At that time, Jane was about 16 years of age, born about 1719. John Tucker died in 1737, and she was inherited by his nephew, Colonel Robert Tucker. Robert also inherited John's mercantile empire. Jane lived in Norfolk, Virginia as a slave. She was recorded on Tucker's tithable list in 1750 and called Old Jenny, worth five pounds in 1767.
Marriage and children
By 1737, when she was about 18 years of age, she already had several small children. Her children included: Betty and King Tucker; James, Edward, and John Jackson; and James and Samuel Thompson. They were in the records for Black Loyalists who moved to Nova Scotia.
She had several children with the Jackson surname who also went to Nova Scotia. She was married to Talbot Thompson, who bought his freedom in 1761 and earned his living making sails. They lived together for a number of years, even though she was a slave of Robert Tucker. After Robert Tucker's death, Talbot purchased her freedom at the sale of Tucker's estate, the manumission was formalized on June 14, 1769. Tucker's son said that she provided "fidelity, extraordinary Services, and constant Obedience" to the Tuckers. Talbot Thompson was on the same tithables list as Robert Tucker. She may have had two or more children with Talbot, such as Samuel Thompson and James Thompson.
Talbot Thompson was a successful sail-maker in Norfolk, and had a number of staff and apprentices. Jane and her husband bought a large property that included a main two-story house, other smaller houses, a garden and orchards just before Christmas in 1770. It had a dairy, piggery, and stables. They became interested in Methodism, likely inspired in 1772 by traveling preachers Joseph Pilmore or Robert Williams. They participated in racially-diverse religious meetings in houses of people in the maritime businesses. One of the attendees was his client, Andrew Sprowle, who controlled business for the Royal Navy.
American Revolutionary War
During the American Revolutionary War, son James Jackson, identified as a former slave of Robert Tucker, was recruited by Lord Dunmore, governor of the Colony of Virginia about 1775 to be a pilot for the Royal Navy. He was under Captain Henry Mowat and served on the ship London. Lord Dunmore issued a proclamation on November 14, 1775, that all blacks—whether slaves, free or indentured—would be freed if they served the British during the war.
Talbot and Jane defected to Lord Dunbar by January 1776 when a fire in Norfolk resulted in the destruction of all of Talbot's property. Talbot ran away in December 1775, after Norfolk was destroyed, and joined the British. Jane joined Lord Dunmore in January 1776. Dunmore seized Tucker's Point in February and occupied the land and the mill there until May 1776, during which time Grace Thompson, Jane's daughter-in-law and Samuel Thompson's wife, was with Jane and Talbot Thompson at Tucker's Point. Grace embarked on the Dunluce on May 21, 1776, but at some point returned to Norfolk and ran away again with two girls in 1779.
James Jackson's adult son, London Jackson, who had been a slave to William Ballad of Hampton, joined the British under Mowatt in late 1780. James and London Jackson were awarded land on Nutt Island (perhaps McNutts Island) for their service. Son John Jackson, served the British General Leslie in Hampton in late 1780. He was a slave of Anthony Walke, who was an associate of Robert Tucker.
Talbot died in 1782 in New York. Jane filed a claim to the Loyalist Claims Commission for the destruction of their property in Norfolk in January 1776. Her nine-page claim was rejected by the British.
Nova Scotia
A Black Loyalist, Jane traveled to Nova Scotia on the L'Abondance and was described as being worn out, about 70 years of age, and formerly the property of Thomas Newton of Norfolk. She travelled with her five-year-old grandchild. She travelled with Hannah Jackson, her daughter-in-law, and Robert and Peter Jackson, her grandchildren. They lived together in Birchtown. Son John and his wife Nancy sailed on the same ship to Nova Scotia as Jane. In the Birchtown Muster of 1784, John was 41 (born about 1743) and Nancy was 32. Betty Tucker, listed on the Birchtown Muster next to Jane's name, may have been Jane's daughter. Grace Thompson, a widow, and her two daughters are likely the daughter-in-law and granddaughters of Jane. They were slaves of Edward Thruston, Robert Tucker's uncle. She traveled on the same ship as James Thompson, who was owned by Edward Cooper of Hampton, and is believed to be Jane's son. Grace and James lived near each other in Birchtown.
In 1791, most of her family members relocated to Sierra Leone. She remained in Nova Scotia, where in 1792 she was listed as destitute.
Family information
Notes
References
1710s births
American freedmen
African Americans in the American Revolution
Black Loyalists
Black Nova Scotians
18th-century American slaves
18th-century African-American women
Protozeus kuehnei is an extinct species of fish from the Ypresian epoch Fur Formation of Denmark.
See also
Archaeozeus – a genus of extinct fish from the same formation
References
Eocene fish
Fossils of Denmark
Fur Formation
Jenny Eakin Delony, also known as Jenny Eakin Delony Rice and Jenny Meyrowitz, (1866–1949) was an American painter and educator. She specialized in portraits of notable and historic figures in the United States, but also made miniature, landscape, wildlife, still life, and genre paintings. She was the founder of collegiate art education in Arkansas.
Early life and education
Delony was born in Washington, Arkansas, on May 13, 1866, to Alchyny Turner Delony, a lawyer, and Elizabeth Pearson Delony.
She received a gold medal in music and art when she studied at the Wesleyan Female Institution in Staunton, Virginia. Delony began her professional study at Art Academy of Cincinnati from 1886 to 1888. At least two years followed in Paris, where Delony studied at the Académie Julian, the Académie Delécluse, and in the atelier of painter Paul-Louis Delance.
She later studied at the St. Louis School of Fine Arts from 1892 to 1893, then in Venice sometime prior to 1895 with Italian painter . Delony entered the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris in 1896, which was the first year women were admitted there. The same year she would be among the first women to study artistic anatomy at the École de Médecine in Paris. She also studied at some time under the American painter William Merritt Chase and was his personal secretary at Shinnecock, a summer school Chase ran on Southampton on Long Island from 1891 to 1902.
Career
Jenny Eakin Delony was one of the first woman artist from Arkansas to gain a reputation as a successful painter in the United States and internationally. She was a member of the American Artists Professional League, Association of Women Painters and Sculptors and the National Arts Club, both in New York. Delony became one of the first women members and one of the first women to exhibit at the National Academy of Design. Her works were exhibited at Philadelphia, Boston and New York miniature painters societies, the Woman's Art Club of New York, National Academy of Design, and the New York Water Color Club.
Early career
Delony set up her first professional art studios in Little Rock, and during the 1880s and 1890s she painted portraits of many distinguished citizens. She represented the state regionally and nationally at various exhibitions: the World Cotton Centennial Exposition in New Orleans (1884), the State Exposition in Little Rock (1887), World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago (1893), and the Cotton States and International Exposition in Atlanta (1895). She won premiums for many works exhibited.
Educator
Delony taught art in Virginia for three years, first at Virginia Female Institute in Roanoke (1893–1894), then Norfolk College for Young Ladies in Norfolk (1894–1896). From 1897 through 1899, she was the first Director of Art for Arkansas Industrial University, which became during her tenure the University of Arkansas (UA) in Fayetteville.
New York
Interested in feminist activism and the suffrage movement, Rice left Fayetteville to set up a studio in New York in 1900. In 1903, she exhibited at the National Academy of Arts. Her miniature of Queen Victoria was exhibited at Tiffany's.
In her role as suffragette and artist, she was chosen to represent American women as an exhibitor at the International Council of Women in Berlin, Germany, which convened in 1904 from June 6 to 18. In 1905, her portrait of the "richest woman in America", Hetty Green, was featured as a full page in the New York Times, granting the artist instant celebrity; the portrait is now in the collection of the Historic Arkansas Museum in Little Rock.
Later years
By 1935 the artist retired from the New York art scene and returned to Little Rock. She lived in her parents' former home with her sister Daisy.
She is buried at Oakland & Fraternal Historic Cemetery Park in Little Rock.
Personal life
Delony married Nathaniel J. Rice of Denver, Colorado, on December 10, 1891, he died in 1893.
Her second marriage was to Paul A. Meyrowitz, on November 19, 1910 in Chicago, Illinois.
She was a member of the United Daughters of the Confederacy and Daughters of the American Revolution.
Works and collections
Many examples of Rice's work can be viewed today in public collections, including the following portraits:
A Southern Gentleman portrait at Historic Washington State Park
An African American and many other works are at the Historic Arkansas Museum
Confederate president Jefferson Davis at the Arkansas State Capital
Mrs. Jefferson Davis (Varina Davis) for the Museum of the Confederacy, Richmond, Virginia
Governor George Washington Donaghey, Logan H. Roots, J. T. W. Tillar, are at the Arkansas History Commission
Governor Thomas Chipman McRae is located on the North Wing, first floor of the Arkansas State Capitol
Bishop Henry Niles Pierce is in the office of the Diocese of Arkansas at Trinity Episcopal Church in Little Rock
George G. Williams, New York Clearing House and Chemical National Bank
She also made portraits of Hetty Green, Bishop Henry Niles Pierce, William Sherer, Dr. George Taylor Stewart, and Spencer Trask. Her painting of the 'La Grange College of Alabama is at the Museum of Tennessee Valley Historic Society, Tuscumbia, Alabama
Her work was shown with Maud Hold, Josephine Graham and Elsie Freund in 2007 at the "Women Artists in Arkansas" exhibition at the Historic Arkansas Museum.
References
Further reading
Former Arkansan Paints Portraits." Arkansas Gazette. May 20, 1923, p. 16.
Opitz, Glen B., ed. Mantle Fielding's Dictionary of American Painters, Sculptors, and Engravers. Poughkeepsie, NY: Apollo, 1987.
Who's Who in America 1948–1949. Vol. 25. Chicago: A. N. Marquis, 1949.
19th-century American painters
20th-century American painters
American women painters
1866 births
1949 deaths
Artists from Arkansas
Académie Julian alumni
20th-century American women artists
19th-century American women artists
Art Academy of Cincinnati alumni
André Fomitschow (born 7 September 1990) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left winger.
Career
Born in Dresden, Fomitschow started his professional career with the reserve team of VfL Wolfsburg. During the 2011–12 season, he scored his career best of 17 goals in the season. On 10 June 2012, he joined Fortuna Düsseldorf on a three-year contract. On 27 November, he made his first team debut in a 1–1 draw against Borussia Dortmund. On 23 January 2013, he joined Energie Cottbus on a loan deal till the remainder of the season. After featuring 14 times for the side and scoring one goal against 1. FC Kaiserslautern, his loan deal was extended till the end of 2013–14 season on 5 June.
On 20 June 2014, Fomitschow joined 1. FC Kaiserslautern on a free transfer, penning a deal till 30 June 2016. In September 2015, he suffered a ligament injury during a 3–0 defeat against 1. FC Nürnberg.
On 31 August 2016, Fomitschow moved abroad and joined Dutch Eredivisie club NEC Nijmegen on a one-year contract. On 23 June 2017, he signed for Croatian club Hajduk Split on a two-year contract. On 16 July, he made his debut in a 3–1 victory over Lokomotiva. On 26 October, he scored his first goal (from a free kick) for the club in a 1–0 cup victory against Šibenik, which saw his side progressing to the next round. On 11 February 2018, he scored his first league goal in a 5–0 routing of Cibalia.
Personal life
Fomitschow's parents are originally from Saint Petersburg, Russia. His mother-tongue is Russian.
Career statistics
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
German footballers
German people of Russian descent
Association football midfielders
VfL Wolfsburg II players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
Fortuna Düsseldorf II players
FC Energie Cottbus players
1. FC Kaiserslautern players
1. FC Kaiserslautern II players
NEC Nijmegen players
HNK Hajduk Split players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Eredivisie players
Croatian Football League players
German expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Footballers from Dresden
The Division of Program Coordination, Planning, and Strategic Initiatives (DPCPSI) is a division of the Office of the Director of the National Institutes of Health of the United States of America. DPCPSI was formally established as part of implementing the requirements of the NIH Reform Act of 2006. The Division coordinates research and activities from a trans-NIH perspective.
The offices under its leadership are:
Office of AIDS Research
Office of Behavioral and Social Sciences Research
Office of Data Science Strategy
Office of Dietary Supplements
Office of Disease Prevention
Office of Evaluation, Performance, and Reporting
Office of Portfolio Analysis
Office of Research Infrastructure Programs
Office of Research on Women's Health
Office of Strategic Coordination
Sexual & Gender Minority Research Office
Tribal Health Research Office
Office of Administrative Management and Communication.
National Institutes of Health Director Francis S. Collins, M.D., Ph.D., appointed James M. Anderson, M.D., Ph.D., as the director of the division in September 2010.
Council of Councils
The NIH Reform Act of 2006 (P.L. 109-482), passed by Congress in December 2006, and signed into law by the President in January 2007, established the Council of Councils. The Council is made up of 27 members, selected from NIH Institute and Centers Advisory Councils, representatives nominated by the Office of the Director program offices, and broad lay representation. The Council advises the NIH Director on matters related to the policies and activities of DPCPSI. The Council also acts as an external advisory panel to the IC Directors during the “concept approval” stage of the NIH Common Fund review process. The concept approval stage involves the consideration of a list of potential trans-NIH initiatives developed by the DPCPSI staff after receiving input from multiple sources. The information provided to the Council by DPCPSI staff could include deliverables, timetables, and projected costs for each initiative. The recommendations from the Council will then be considered by the DPCPSI Director and the IC Directors.
The Council of Councils is chaired by the DPCPSI Director, James M. Anderson, M.D., Ph.D. The heads of the DPCPSI Offices serve as liaisons for the Council of Councils. The current members are below. All terms end October 31 of the year in parenthesis.
Maria L. Acebal, J.D. (2022)
Maria Rosario G. Araneta, Ph.D., M.P.H. (2023)
Kristen Ardlie, Ph.D. (2024)
Jeffrey Botkin, M.D., Ph.D. (2024)
Linda Chang, M.D., FAAN, FANA, FISMRM (2024)
Graham Colditz, M.D., Dr.P.H., M.P.H. (2024)
Andrew Feinberg, M.D., M.P.H. (2024)
Rick Horwitz, Ph.D. (2023)
Patricia D. Hurn, Ph.D., R.N. (2022)
Kevin Johnson, M.D., M.S. (2024)
R. Paul Johnson, M.D. (2022)
Paul J. Kenny, Ph.D. (2023)
Sachin Kheterpal, M.D., M.B.A. (2022)
Gary A. Koretzky, M.D., Ph.D. (2023)
Michael D. Lairmore, D.V.M., Ph.D. (2023)
Jian-Dong Li, M.D., Ph.D. (2022)
Terry Magnuson, Ph.D. (2019)
Edith P. Mitchell, M.D., FACP, FCPP (2022)
Charles P. Mouton, M.D., M.S. (2022)
Megan O'Boyle (2024)
Bruce Ovbiagele, M.D., M.Sc., M.A.S. (2023)
Rhonda Robinson-Beale, M.D. (2024)
Susan Sanchez, Ph.D. (2024)
Jean E. Schaffer, M.D. (2023)
Scout, Ph.D. (2022)
Anna Maria Siega-Riz, Ph.D., M.S. (2024)
References
National Institutes of Health
The Void (also known as Tension, ) is a 2008 first-person adventure video game developed by the Russian studio Ice-Pick Lodge and published in Russia, other CIS-countries, and Poland by ND Games on 17 April 2008. It won the "Most Original Game" award at the Russian Game Developers Conference, KRI in 2007.
The game was released in English-speaking regions on October 23, 2009, and then as a digital download on Steam on December 16, 2009.
Synopsis
The player takes on the role of a lost soul that accidentally lingers in a place called "the Void" before meeting its absolute death. The Void is a purgatory-like place, in which the most valuable thing is Color, a liquid that represents lifeforce. Color is scarce, and the Void's inhabitants are plagued by famine. These inhabitants are beautiful naked Sisters and monstrously deformed Brothers, two conflicting factions that the player must interact with. Color is a universal resource in the game — it functions as the player's health, armor, stats and ammo. With the help of Nameless Sister, the player finds out that there is a way to escape the Void and be reincarnated on the "surface", but in order to do this, the player must pose as one of the Brothers and eventually confront them.
Over time, the Brothers will reveal themselves in the game. These Brothers are: Mantid, the "Elder" of the Brothers, who walks on stilts and has a spear impaled through his abdomen; Whaler, who wields two blades and whose head is sewn onto his back; Pit, who is fused with a mining drill; Ironclad, who has multiple cannons that fire at the player; Tyrant, who has several limbs and heads along with three visible hearts and who rolls along on a stone wheel; Caterpillar, who is connected to a rolling sphere or spheres through tubes in his abdominal area; Warden, who forms a cage made of his ribs and hangs from the ceiling like a swinging birdcage; Montgolfier—who, in the Russian version, had hair, but in the English version, does not—is fused with a hot air balloon; Triumphator, who is fused with a large, gear-powered phonograph and acts as a one-man band; and Patriarch, the oldest of the Brothers, who is similar to a senior in a wheelchair and appears to have no head.
The Brothers, depending on the player's actions, may act aggressively; some might also be unsure of or sympathetic to the protagonist. Patriarch and Montgolfier are said by the other Brothers to be the most fond of the protagonist, followed by Caterpillar and Triumphator. Tyrant and Warden are probably the most domineering of the Brothers, along with Pit and Whaler, who perceive the player negatively. Mantid and Ironclad are generally neutral, although their behavior may change based on the player's actions.
Gameplay
The Void is played from a first-person perspective. Color, the character's primary resource, exists "naturally" in the Void as Lympha. However, collected Lympha of Color cannot be used directly and must be processed in the hero's Hearts first, where it is slowly drained out, becoming Nerva. Each Heart also corresponds to a glyph; more complex game actions are done by drawing Nerva-infused glyphs on screen using the mouse. When drawing a glyph, time slows down to allow the player to carefully draw it. Typical game actions are talking to NPCs, fighting predators or Brothers, collecting plants and growing gardens.
The Color inside Hearts also acts as the hero's health and character stats. There are seven Colors at the player's disposal — Silver, Gold, Violet, Azure, Crimson, Amber and Emerald – each one having its own properties while inside Hearts and how they affect the Void when used; for example, Gold increases the Sisters' trust while inside Hearts, lowering the amount of Color required to open their hearts, but when used in the Void it incites jealousy in the Brothers, making them more prompt to rip opened hearts out of the Sisters.
The strategic part of the game takes place on the map of the Void. The Void consists of several domains associated with specific Sisters. Each domain in turn consists of several chambers. When the player is on the map, time flows and Color is processed in the hero's Hearts. If no Color is left inside, the hero will die. Time stops when the player is in a chamber, so that the player can explore locations without time pressure.
The game has a fixed time limit of 35 cycles (a cycle represents a rough equivalent to an in-game day). New Color appears at the beginning of a new cycle, but what color that cycle brings is random.
Reception
Overall, the game has received positive reviews in Russia and abroad, with the exception being the Polish press that played the non-director's cut edition. The German version, the director's cut of the Russian version, received more favorable reactions ranging from medium to high scores. In the first international reviews the game got high scores, and enthusiastic praise from Rock, Paper, Shotgun.
In the first English-language review, Resolution claimed it to be rarely fun, but offering "a viciously beautiful, enormously interesting experience." Rock, Paper, Shotgun wrote an overwhelmingly positive review, saying "The Void is the most important game you are GOING TO FUCKING PLAY."
Piracy
The Void was noted in Russia for its developers' reaction to piracy. When the game appeared on the largest Russian torrents.ru tracker, the developers talked to the downloaders in the thread, answered game related questions and encouraged them to buy the game, if they liked it. Also, the developers made an official torrent containing all bonus material from the gift edition.
Editions and titles
The game was released in several countries under different titles and with minor and major changes.
Turgor — the initial Russian release, on April 17, 2008. This edition is available in the form of a two-DVD jewel box, a gift edition and a digital download. The bonus disk contains a full soundtrack, all the trailers ever made for the game, Nikolay Dybowskiy's recordings from KRI, a game music video about Pathologic, and artwork from the game. Though this edition was only released in Russian, there is an official subtitle patch available from one of the developers.
Tension — the working English title of the game and the official title in Poland. The Polish edition included the game disk, a bonus disk with a part of the soundtrack, a user manual, an official walkthrough and an artbook. This edition doesn't include the bonuses from the Russian version. Includes the first patch.
The Void (German edition) — this is the westernized edition of the game released on March 28, 2009, that has major differences from the initial release, such as a completely re-written story. The bonus disk contains a re-mastered soundtrack with new tracks, all trailers except video footage from KRI, the Pathologic game music video, and artwork.
The Void (English edition) — the same as the German edition with the second patch. This edition was released in October 2009.
References
External links
Official Ice-Pick Lodge website
2008 video games
Adventure games
Dark fantasy video games
Video games developed in Russia
Windows games
Windows-only games
Art games
Single-player video games
Techland games
Atari games
Reljinci is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 244 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Thal Nature Park (Naturpark Thal in German) is a nature reserve located in the Swiss Canton of Solothurn, bordering the cantons of Bern and Basel-Landschaft. The largest municipality in Thal Nature Park is Balsthal. It features the wide valley of the river Dünnern behind the Weissenstein mountain range. In 2012, the FOEN deemed the reserve a "park of national importance," a label that is effective for ten years from its instatement on January 1, 2010.
Fortress ruins point to its former history as a pack route through the small town of Klus, however, today the surrounding land serves mostly agricultural purposes.
The "Haar und Kamm" (hair and comb) Museum, a former comb factory, is also located in the park.
See also
Nature parks in Switzerland
References
External links
Naturpark Thal, official website
Thal Nature Park, MySwitzerland.com
Nature reserves in Switzerland
Solothurn
Mount Naomi Wilderness is a wilderness area located within the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest in the U.S. state of Utah. It lies between the Logan River and the Utah-Idaho state line northeast of Logan, Utah.
Topography
Mount Naomi Wilderness consists of wooded, mountainous terrain. The namesake of the Wilderness, Naomi Peak, is also its highest point at . It stands near the eastern boundary of the wilderness area, while the western side is many deep canyons. The Wilderness contains several other peaks over .
Recreation
Common recreational activities in Mount Naomi Wilderness include hiking, camping, horseback riding, hunting, and wildlife watching. Tony Grove Lake and White Pine Lake, the latter accessible only by hiking, are popular destinations. In late July and August wildflowers grow in abundance.
See also
Wilderness Act
National Wilderness Preservation System
List of U.S. Wilderness Areas
References
External links
Mount Naomi Wilderness - Wilderness.net
Mount Naomi Wilderness - GORP
Mount Naomi Wilderness Area - Wasatch-Cache National Forest
Wilderness areas of Utah
Protected areas of Cache County, Utah
Wasatch-Cache National Forest
The year 2017 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Events
January 19 – The Plasco Building in Tehran (Iran) collapses during a fire.
May – The Fogarty Building, a "mammoth of modern Brutalist architecture" in Providence, Rhode Island built in the 1960s and abandoned since 2003, is demolished to make room for a hotel
June 14 – The Grenfell Tower fire in London forces major reviews of public housing tower block construction in the United Kingdom
November 15–17 – The annual World Architecture Festival is held in Berlin.
Buildings and structures
Belgium
May 25 – NATO headquarters in Haren, Brussels, designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, dedicated
Brazil
January – The Children's Village at the Canuanã School, Formoso do Araguaia, Tocantins, designed by Rosenbaum + Aleph Zero (Gustavo Utrabo and Pedro Duschenes), completed
China
Ping An Finance Centre in Shenzhen, the second tallest building in China and the 4th tallest building in the world, is completed
December 2 – Sea World Culture and Arts Center in Shekou, designed by Fumihiko Maki, opened
Germany
January 11 – Elbphilharmonie, a concert hall in Hamburg, Germany, designed by Herzog & de Meuron, opened
October 31 – Reconstruction of the baroque Garrison Church tower in Potsdam projected for completion on the 500th anniversary of Reformation Day
South Africa
September 22 – Zeitz Museum of Contemporary Art Africa in Cape Town, converted from a grain silo by Thomas Heatherwick, opened
Spain
Early – Món Casteller. The Human Towers Experience in Valls (Province of Tarragona): museum dedicated to Intangible Heritage of UNESCO: the castell
June 23 – Centro Botín de Arte y Cultura in Santander, designed by Renzo Piano, opens to the public
United Arab Emirates
November 11 – Louvre Abu Dhabi, an art museum in Abu Dhabi designed by Jean Nouvel, opened
United Kingdom
Early – West Court, Jesus College, Cambridge, designed by Niall McLaughlin Architects, first phase completed
February – Berkshire House (private home) near Caversham, Reading, designed by Gregory Phillips Architects, completed
February 14 – Nucleus, Wick, Caithness, Scotland, designed by Reiach and Hall Architects, opened
March – Leatare Quad at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, designed by John Simpson Architects, completed
March 18 – Cohen Quad for Exeter College, Oxford, designed by Alison Brooks Architects, opened
May – Sibson Building, University of Kent, Canterbury, designed by Penoyre & Prasad, opened
May 16 – Big Data Institute, University of Oxford, designed by Make Architects, opened
June – NGS Macmillan Unit, Chesterfield Royal Hospital, designed by The Manser Practice, opened
June 29 – New entrance, courtyard and gallery for Victoria and Albert Museum in London designed by Amanda Levete's AL A
Summer – Black House (private home), Great Chart, Kent, designed by Andy Ramus (AR Design Studio), completed
September 27 – GlaxoSmithKline Carbon Neutral Laboratory, University of Nottingham, designed by Fairhursts Design Group, opened
October 18 – Sultan Nazrin Shah Centre at Worcester College, Oxford, designed by Níall McLaughlin Architects, opened
October 24 – Bloomberg London European headquarters, designed by Foster and Partners, opened; awarded 2018 Stirling Prize
October 28 – Lombard Wharf (residential tower), Battersea, London, designed by Patel Taylor, completed
November 1 – New (sunken) library, The Queen's College, Oxford, designed by Rick Mather Architects, opened
December 13 – New Embassy of the United States, London, designed by KieranTimberlake, opened to public
15 Clerkenwell Close, London, designed by Amin Taha for himself, completed
Baltimore Tower in London Docklands designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Caring Wood (private home), Leeds, Kent, designed by James Macdonald Wright of Macdonald Wright Architects and Niall Maxwell, completed
Redesdale (private home), Boars Hill, Oxford, designed by Khoury Architects, completed
No. 37 (private home), Belfast, Northern Ireland, designed by Family Architects
Vex House, Stoke Newington, London, designed by Chance De Silva
Two Fifty One, a mixed-use development in Elephant and Castle, London, designed by Allies and Morrison, completed
Bushey Cemetery for United Synagogue, designed by Waugh Thistleton, completed
United States
Spring - The John W. Olver Design Building at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in Amherst, Massachusetts designed by Leers Weinzapfel Associates opens
April – Apple Park in Cupertino, California, designed by Norman Foster, opens
October 20 – Engineering Research Center, Brown University, designed by KieranTimberlake, opens
November – Museum of the Bible in Washington D.C., designed by David Greenbaum, opens
Exhibitions
April 25 until July 30 - "Berlin/Los Angeles: Space for Music" at the Getty Research Institute in Los Angeles, California.
Awards
AIA Gold Medal – Paul Revere Williams
Architecture Firm Award AIA – Leddy Maytum Stacy Architects
Carbuncle Cup – PLP Architecture
Driehaus Architecture Prize for New Classical Architecture – Robert Adam
Emporis Skyscraper Award – Lotte World Tower
European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture (Mies van der Rohe Prize) – NL Architects and XVW architectuur
Lawrence Israel Prize – Karim Rashid
Praemium Imperiale Architecture Laureate – Rafael Moneo
Pritzker Architecture Prize – Rafael Aranda, Carme Pigem, and Ramón Vilalta / RCR Arquitectes
RAIA Gold Medal – Peter Elliott
RIBA Royal Gold Medal – Paulo Mendes da Rocha, Brazil
RIBA Stirling Prize – dRMM Architects
Thomas Jefferson Medal in Architecture – Yvonne Farrell and Shelley McNamara
Twenty-five Year Award AIA – Grand Louvre—Phase I by Pei Cobb Freed & Partners
UIA Gold Medal – Toyo Ito
Vincent Scully Prize – Laurie Olin
Deaths
January 5 – Leonardo Benevolo, Italian architectural historian (b. 1923)
March 5 – Leonard Manasseh, British architect (b. 1916)
March 7 – Slavko Brezovski, Macedonian architect (b. 1922)
March 10 – Christopher Gray, American journalist and architectural historian (b. 1950)
March 17 – Hugh Hardy, American architect (b. 1932)
April 1 – Antonio Lamela, Spanish architect (b. 1926)
May 2 – Diane Lewis, American architect, author and academic (b. 1951)
July 1 – Richard Gilbert Scott, English architect (b. 1923)
July 4 – Bryan Avery, English architect (b. 1944)
August 15 – Gunnar Birkerts, 92, Latvian-born American architect (b. 1925)
September 1 – Gin D. Wong, 94, Chinese-born American architect (b. 1922)
September 9 – Otto Meitinger, 90, German architect and preservationist (b. 1929)
September 15 – Albert Speer Jr., 83, German architect (b. 1934)
September 28 – Vann Molyvann, 90, Cambodian architect (b. 1926)
October 5 – Dan Hanganu, 78, Romanian born Canadian architect (b. 1939)
October 29 – Manfredi Nicoletti, 89, Italian architect (b.1930)
November 30 – Vincent Scully, 97,r American architectural historian (b. 1920)
December 29 – John C. Portman Jr., American architect (Peachtree Center) (b. 1924)
See also
Timeline of architecture
References
21st-century architecture
2017-related lists
The Surma River () is a major river in Bangladesh, part of the Surma-Meghna River System. It starts when the Barak River from northeast India divides at the Bangladesh border into the Surma and the Kushiyara rivers. It ends in Kishoreganj District, above Bhairab Bāzār, where the two rivers rejoin to form the Meghna River. The waters from the river ultimately flow into the Bay of Bengal.
The average depth of river is and maximum depth is .
Course
From its source in the Manipur Hills near Mao Songsang, the river is known as the Barak River.
At the border with Bangladesh, the river divides with the northern branch being called the Surma River and the southern the Kushiyara River. This is where the river enters the Sylhet Depression (or trough) which forms the Surma Basin.
The Surma is fed by tributaries from the Meghalaya Hills to the north, and is also known as the Baulai River after it is joined by the south-flowing Someshwari River.
The Kushiyara receives tributaries from the Sylhet Hills and Tripura Hills to the south, the principal one from the Tripura Hills being the Manu. The Kushiyara is also known as the Kalni River after it is joined by a major offshoot (distributary) from the Surma. When the Surma and the Kushiyara finally rejoin in Kishoreganj District above Bhairab Bazar, the river is known as the Meghna River.
The Surma passes through many haors.
Gallery
References
External links
Rivers of Bangladesh
Bay of Bengal
Kishoreganj District
Distributaries of the Ganges
Rivers of Dhaka Division
Tranquillo Zerbi was a leading Italian automotive engineer.
Early years
Zerbi attended primary school in Pisa before being relocated to Winterthur in Switzerland, and then moving again to The Grand Duchy of Baden which at this point was a not yet fully integrated part of the German Empire. It was here that Zerbi attended the Engineering School at the University of Mannheim, emerging in 1912 with a diploma in Mechanical engineering.
With his diploma, he returned to Winterthur, taking an internship with Sulzer, which enabled him to deepen his practical engineering knowledge and, in particular, to develop an expertise on diesel engines, which Sulzer had been producing since 1898.
Career
Returning to Italy, Zerbi gained employment in Legnano with Franco Tosi & C, a pioneering business applying the newly emerging metal based mechanical technologies. It was here that he worked under the direction of Ettore Maserati, one of five brothers soon to become famous following the foundation of the auto-business that bears their family name. While at FTM Zerbi worked on the application of diesel engines to submarines.
In August 1919 he transferred to Fiat, where he was employed in the product development department, working on competition cars and, from 1925, also taking responsibility for the development of aero-engines destined for use in competition aircraft.
His masterpiece is a 3000 HP 24 Cylinder behemoth of an engine powering the world record-breaking Macchi Castoldi MC72 seaplane that reached a breathtaking 709 Km/H just before WW2, with pilot officer Francesco Agello at the controls. This engine is basically two siamezed Fiat Vee 12 engines, bolted together end to end (to reduce surface induced drag) driving two contra-rotating two blades fixed pitch propellers.
In 1929, after ten years with the company, he took over as director of the manufacturer's extensive Technical Department, inspiring and leading product development projects across the company's wide field of activities in what became an increasingly high-profile role, until March 1939. 1939 was also the year in which he was awarded the honorific status of a “Grande Ufficiale della Corona d'Italia”, in recognition by the state of his contribution to aeronautical progress. Further public honours included his membership, and later the chairmanship, of the Technical Committee of the Ente nazionale italiano di unificazione (literally “National Unification Commission of Italy”).
Death came suddenly, on 10 March 1939, through a heart attack that followed an aggressive bout of influenza. Tranquillo Zerbi left behind him a widow and three small children, and is buried on the cemetery at Pecetto Torinese, a quarter on the south side of Turin. Zerbi was a committed Fascist and his funeral cortege was accordingly headed up by a Guard of Honour of Blackshirts.
References
1891 births
1939 deaths
Italian automotive engineers
Fiat people
The following is a List of awards and nominations received by American actor, comedian, writer, director and producer Bob Odenkirk.
Major associations
Golden Globe Awards
Primetime Emmy Awards
Screen Actors Guild Awards
Other awards and nominations
Avignon Film Festival
Boston Society of Film Critics
Critics' Choice Movie Awards
Critics' Choice Super Awards
Critics' Choice Television Awards
DVD Exclusive Awards
Golden Raspberry Awards
Independent Film Festival Boston
Phoenix Film Festival
Saturn Awards
Satellite Awards
Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival
Slamdance Film Festival
TCA Awards
References
External links
Odenkirk, Bob
DeChon Burns (born June 6, 1970, in Riverside, California) is the football head coach at Linfield Christian School.
Playing career
Burns was a four sport letterman at Rubidoux High School, Riverside, California.
Burns attended the University of Southern California as a student-athlete, where he played cornerback. He played in 1989 for a team that went to the Rose Bowl Game, but suffered a neck injury that ended his football career; he served as an assistant to the coaching staff for the 1990-92 seasons.
Burns shifted to baseball and played center field for USC in 1992. He graduated with a bachelor of arts in communications in 1993 and was in the Houston Astros' Developmental League in 1994.
Coaching career
Burns was formerly the defensive line coach at UTEP, the defensive line coach and Defensive Coordinator at Texas Southern. Prior to that, Burns coached for the National Football League Washington Redskins, the Florida Gators, at Linfield Christian High School, Bishop Amat High School and at Beverly Hills High School.
Media
Coach Burns talked about his football playing and coaching career in a 2009 interview on OTTObox.
References
External links
Linfield Christian profile
UTEP profile
Interview on OTTObox
1970 births
Living people
Florida Gators football coaches
Sacramento Mountain Lions coaches
Texas Southern Tigers football coaches
USC Trojans baseball players
USC Trojans football players
UTEP Miners football coaches
Washington Redskins coaches
Sportspeople from Riverside, California
Baseball players from Riverside, California
Players of American football from Riverside, California
Wapowski is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the southern pole. The crater is located Southwest of craters von Baeyer and Svedberg just inside the rim of the prominent Scott crater. Wapowski was adopted and named after Polish cartographer Bernard Wapowski by the IAU in 2009.
References
External links
LAC-144 area — Map of southern lunar pole
Impact craters on the Moon
John Griffiths (1837 – May 1916) was a Welsh mathematician and academic associated with Jesus College, Oxford, for nearly 60 years.
Biography
Griffiths was born in Llangyndeyrn near Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire, Wales, and educated at Cowbridge Grammar School. He matriculated at Jesus College in 1857 with a scholarship, and obtained a first-class degree in mathematics, winning the Junior and Senior Mathematical Scholarships. In 1863, he was elected as Fellow and Tutor in Mathematics at Jesus College. Griffiths held his fellowship until his death in May 1916, by which time he had become the longest-serving fellow. He also served as the college's bursar for a time.
Griffiths was particularly interested in analytical geometry, publishing numerous papers in mathematical journals and two tracts on theorems connected with the geometry of the triangle. He was described in his obituary in The Times as "a man of a very sociable and affectionate nature [but] excessively shy". He died in May 1916 in his native village in Carmarthenshire.
References
1837 births
1916 deaths
19th-century British mathematicians
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Fellows of Jesus College, Oxford
People from Carmarthenshire
People from Kidwelly
Welsh mathematicians
José Antonio Rojo (1923-1995) was a Spanish film editor. He worked on more than two hundred films during his career.
Selected filmography
Mare Nostrum (1948)
Just Any Woman (1949)
Saturday Night (1950)
The Black Crown (1951)
Our Lady of Fatima (1951)
From Madrid to Heaven (1952)
The Song of Sister Maria (1952)
Airport (1953)
I Was a Parish Priest. (1953)
He Died Fifteen Years Ago (1954)
An Andalusian Gentleman (1954)
Judas' Kiss (1954)
The Cock Crow (1955)
The Other Life of Captain Contreras (1955)
The Big Lie (1956)
Miracle of the White Suit (1956)
We Thieves Are Honourable (1956)
Las chicas de la Cruz Roja (1958)
The Dance (1959)
Luxury Cabin (1959)
My Street (1960)
Plácido (1961)
The Gang of Eight (1962)
Aragonese Nobility (1965)
Seven Dollars on the Red (1966)
The Wild Ones of San Gil Bridge (1966)
Pepa Doncel (1969)
A Decent Adultery (1969)
More Dollars for the MacGregors (1970)
The Rebellious Novice (1971)
The Girl from the Red Cabaret (1973)
The Marriage Revolution (1974)
Blood and Sand (1989)
References
Bibliography
Peter Cowie & Derek Elley. World Filmography: 1967. Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1977.
External links
1923 births
1995 deaths
Spanish film editors
Jesmyn Ward (born April 1, 1977) is an American novelist and a Professor of English at Tulane University, where she holds the Andrew W. Mellon Professorship in the Humanities. She won the 2011 National Book Award for Fiction for her second novel Salvage the Bones and won the 2017 National Book Award for Fiction for her novel Sing, Unburied, Sing. She also received a 2012 Alex Award for the story about familial love and community in facing Hurricane Katrina. She is the only woman and only African American to win the National Book Award for Fiction twice. All three of Ward's novels are set in the fictitious Mississippi town of Bois Sauvage.
Early life and education
Jesmyn Ward was born in 1977 in Berkeley, California. She moved to DeLisle, Mississippi, with her family at the age of three. She developed a love-hate relationship with her hometown after having been bullied at public school by classmates while attending a private school paid for by her mother's employer.
The first in her family to attend college, she earned a B.A. in English, in 1999, and an M.A. in media studies and communication, in 2000, both at Stanford University. Ward chose to become a writer to honor the memory of her younger brother, who was killed by a drunk driver in October 2000, just after Ward had completed her master's degree.
In 2005, Ward received her MFA in Creative Writing from the University of Michigan. Shortly afterwards, she and her family became victims of Hurricane Katrina. With their house in DeLisle flooding rapidly, the Ward family set out in their car to get to a local church, but ended up stranded in a field full of tractors. When the owners of the land eventually checked on their possessions, they refused to invite the Wards into their home, claiming they were overcrowded. Tired and traumatized, the family was eventually given shelter by another family down the road.
Ward went on to work at the University of New Orleans, where her daily commute took her through the neighborhoods ravaged by the hurricane. Empathizing with the struggle of the survivors and coming to terms with her own experience during the storm, Ward was unable to write creatively for three years – the time it took her to find a publisher for her first novel, Where the Line Bleeds.
Career
In 2008, just as Ward had decided to give up writing and enroll in a nursing program, Where the Line Bleeds was accepted by Doug Seibold at Agate Publishing. The novel was picked as a Book Club Selection by Essence magazine and received a Black Caucus of the American Library Association (BCALA) Honor Award in 2009. It was shortlisted for the Virginia Commonwealth University Cabell First Novelist Award and the Hurston-Wright Legacy Award. Starting on the day twin protagonists Joshua and Christophe DeLisle graduate from high school, Where the Line Bleeds follows the brothers as their choices pull them in opposite directions. Unwilling to leave the small rural town on the Gulf Coast where they were raised by their loving grandmother, the twins struggle to find work, with Joshua eventually becoming a dock hand and Christophe joining his drug-dealing cousin. In a starred review, Publishers Weekly called Ward "a fresh new voice in American literature" who "unflinchingly describes a world full of despair but not devoid of hope."
In her second novel, Salvage the Bones, Ward homes in once more on the visceral bond between poor black siblings growing up on the Gulf Coast. Chronicling the lives of pregnant teenager Esch Batiste, her three brothers, and their father during the 10 days leading up to Hurricane Katrina, the day of the storm, and the day after, Ward uses a vibrant language steeped in metaphors to illuminate the fundamental aspects of love, friendship, passion, and tenderness. Explaining her main character's fascination with the Greek mythological figure of Medea, Ward told Elizabeth Hoover of The Paris Review: "It infuriates me that the work of white American writers can be universal and lay claim to classic texts, while black and female authors are ghetto-ized as 'other.' I wanted to align Esch with that classic text, with the universal figure of Medea, the antihero, to claim that tradition as part of my Western literary heritage. The stories I write are particular to my community and my people, which means the details are particular to our circumstances, but the larger story of the survivor, the savage, is essentially a universal, 123456789 human one."
On November 16, 2011, Ward won the National Book Award for Fiction for Salvage the Bones. Interviewed by CNN's Ed Lavandera on November 16, 2011, she said that both her nomination and her victory had come as a surprise, given that the novel had been largely ignored by mainstream reviewers. "When I hear people talking about the fact that they think we live in a post-racial America, … it blows my mind, because I don't know that place. I've never lived there. … If one day, … they're able to pick up my work and read it and see … the characters in my books as human beings and feel for them, then I think that that is a political act", Ward stated in a television interview with Anna Bressanin of BBC News on December 22, 2011.
Ward received an Alex Award for Salvage the Bones on January 23, 2012. The Alex Awards are given out each year by the Young Adult Library Services Association to ten books written for adults that resonate strongly with young people aged 12–18. Commenting on the winning books in School Library Journal, former Alex Award committee chair, Angela Carstensen described Salvage the Bones as a novel with "a small but intense following – each reader has passed the book to a friend."
Prior to her appointment at Tulane, Ward was an assistant professor of creative writing at the University of South Alabama. From 2008 to 2010, Ward had a Stegner Fellowship at Stanford University. She was the John and Renée Grisham Writer in Residence at the University of Mississippi for the 2010–2011 academic year.<ref name=OleMiss>English Department. "John and Renée Grisham Writers in Residence" , University of Mississippi.</ref> Ward joined the faculty at Tulane in the fall of 2014. In 2013, she released her memoir Men We Reaped. In 2017, she was the recipient of a MacArthur "genius grant" from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. That same year, she received a second National Book Award for her third novel, Sing, Unburied, Sing, which made her the first woman to win two National Book Awards for Fiction. The novel also won an Anisfield-Wolf Book Award.
In July 2011, Ward wrote that she had finished the first draft of her third book, calling it the hardest thing she had ever written. It was a memoir titled Men We Reaped and was published in 2013. The book explores the lives of her brother and four other young black men who lost their lives in her hometown.
In August 2016, Simon & Schuster released The Fire This Time: A New Generation Speaks about Race, edited by Ward. The book takes as its starting point James Baldwin's The Fire Next Time, his classic 1963 examination of race in America. Contributors to The Fire This Time include Carol Anderson, Jericho Brown, Garnett Cadogan, Edwidge Danticat, Rachel Kaadzi Ghansah, Mitchell S. Jackson, Honoree Jeffers, Kima Jones, Kiese Laymon, Daniel José Older, Emily Raboteau, Claudia Rankine, Clint Smith, Natasha Trethewey, Wendy S. Walters, Isabel Wilkerson, Kevin Young, and Jesmyn Ward herself.
Her third novel, Sing, Unburied, Sing, was released in 2017 and met with several effusive reviews, winning the 2017 National Book Award for fiction.Paula Rogo, "Jesmyn Ward Wins Second National Book Award for 'Sing, Unburied, Sing'" , Essence, November 18, 2017. Set in Ward's fictitious Mississippi town, Bois Sauvage, the novel is narrated from three perspectives majorily within a rural family. Jojo, a young African-American boy, navigates a maturation from childhood to adulthood. His mother, Leonie, struggles with addiction and the challenges of raising children. Finally, Richie, a wayward ghost from the Mississippi State Penitentiary, haunts Jojo and pleads with his family to help him find closure on his death. This story consists of a car ride to a penitentiary where Leonie is picking up the father of her children. On this car ride the family endures paranormal interactions, the battle with drug addiction, how we deal with grief, and the racism and incarceration in America. Themes of family, nature, death, emotion, and racism are present within the novel as the reader follows the family during this time of their life. Song is tied within the paranormal saying that the dead have singing to do. Song within the African American culture is another connection we are able to make in this novel to reality. The grandparents being Pop and Mam are other characrter within this novel, and Pop is the father figure Jojo has to learn from. Pop is teaching Jojo how to be a man as the reader is catapulted into the story.
In 2018 Ward contributed her Prologue from Men We Reaped to a special edition of Xavier Review (Vol.38. No.2), which includes a foreword by Thomas Bonner, Jr. an afterword by Robin G. Vander (both editors of the volume), a chronology, and fifteen essays by scholars, including Trudier Harris and Keith Cartwright. At the time this was the first book-length publication on Ward.
Ward is a contributor to the 2019 anthology New Daughters of Africa, edited by Margaret Busby.
In 2020, Simon & Schuster published Ward's Navigate Your Stars, adapted from a speech the author made at Tulane's 2018 commencement.
Ward's personal essay, "On Witness and Respair: A Personal Tragedy Followed by Pandemic", about the death of her husband, her grief, the spreading Covid-19 pandemic, and the resurgent Black Lives Matter movement, appeared in the September 2020 issue of Vanity Fair, guest-edited by Ta-Nehisi Coates.
The U.S. Library of Congress in 2022 selected Ward as the winner of the Library's Prize for American Fiction. At age 45, Ward is the youngest person to receive the Library's fiction award for her lifetime of work.
Personal life
Ward lives in Mississippi and has two children. Her husband, Brandon R. Miller, died in January 2020 of an acute respiratory distress syndrome at the age of 33. Ward wrote about his death in an article for Vanity Fair.
Awards and honors
2022 Library of Congress Prize for American Fiction
2018 Time 100
2018 Anisfield-Wolf Book Award for "Sing, Unburied,Sing"
2017 National Book Award Winner for Sing, Unburied, Sing2013 National Book Critics Circle Award (Autobiography) shortlist for Men We Reaped2011 National Book Award Winner for Salvage the BonesWorksWhere the Line Bleeds (Agate Publishing, 2008)Salvage the Bones (Bloomsbury Publishing, 2011)Men We Reaped (Bloomsbury Publishing, 2013)The Fire This Time (Simon & Schuster, 2016)Sing, Unburied, Sing: a novel (Scribner, September 2017)Navigate Your Stars (Simon & Schuster, 2020)
Scholarly literature on Jesmyn Ward's work
Alvin Henry. "Jesmyn Ward's Post-Katrina Black Feminism: Memory and Myth through Salvaging", English Language Notes, Volume 57, Issue 2, October 1, 2019, pp. 71–85.
Anna Hartnell. "When Cars Become Churches: Jesmyn Ward's Disenchanted America. An Interview" Journal of American Studies, Volume 50, Issue 1, February 2016 , pp. 205–218.
Christopher Clark. "What Comes to the Surface: Storms, Bodies, and Community in Jesmyn Ward's Salvage the Bones", Mississippi Quarterly, Volume 68, No. 3–4 (Summer–Fall 2015), pp. 341–358.
Molly Travis. "We Are Here: Jesmyn Ward's Survival Narratives Response to Anna Hartnell, 'When Cars Become Churches'", Journal of American Studies, Volume 50, Issue 1, February 2016 , pp. 219–224.
Richards Crownshaw. "Agency and Environment in the Work of Jesmyn Ward Response to Anna Hartnell, 'When Cars Become Churches', Journal of American Studies, Volume 50, Issue 1, February 2016 , pp. 225–230.
Tara Green. "Katrina Sings the Blues in Jesmyn Ward's Salvage the Bones", in Reimagining the Middle Passage, Ohio State University Press, 2018.
Celebrating Jesmyn Ward: Critical Readings and Scholarly Responses: Xavier Review (2018:Vol.38, No.2), 177pp.
References
External links
Jesmyn Ward's blog
Jesmyn Ward discusses Where the Line Bleeds, YouTube
Jesmyn Ward – feature on BBC News
Jesmyn Ward at Library of Congress Authorities — with 3 catalog records
Boris Kacha, "The Rise and Return of Jesmyn Ward", New York Magazine, August 21, 2017, via Vulture'', Fall Preview 2017, August 24, 2017.
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
African-American novelists
American women novelists
21st-century American memoirists
American women memoirists
National Book Award winners
Stanford University alumni
Stegner Fellows
Novelists from Mississippi
University of Michigan alumni
University of South Alabama faculty
Living people
People from Harrison County, Mississippi
Place of birth missing (living people)
MacArthur Fellows
PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award winners
African-American women writers
Novelists from Alabama
1977 births
African-American memoirists
Writers from Berkeley, California
American women academics
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
21st-century African-American writers
Vanity Fair (magazine) people
Coccothrinax concolor is a palm which is endemic to Haiti.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. concolor to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
concolor
Trees of Haiti
Endemic flora of Haiti
Plants described in 1929
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kay County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Kay County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 62 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 3 National Historic Landmarks.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Kay County
Dereköy is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
This article deals with the Media in Glasgow. The city of Glasgow, Scotland is home to large sections of the Scottish national media. It hosts the following:
Television
BBC Scotland — the national broadcaster, based in Pacific Quay Studios at Pacific Quay.
BBC Alba — a Scottish Gaelic language channel jointly owned by the BBC and MG Alba. It has its headquarters at Pacific Quay.
STV — (previously known as Scottish Television in Central Scotland, and Grampian Television in Northern Scotland). Scotland's largest independent ITV company, owned by the STV Group plc, based in Pacific Quay.
Television programmes set in Glasgow include: Taggart, Rebus (set in Edinburgh but shot mostly in Glasgow), High Times, Rab C Nesbitt, City Lights, Chewing the Fat, River City, Still Game and Lovesick.
Radio
BBC Radio Scotland
Clyde 1
Clyde 2
Capital Scotland
Eklipse Sports Radio
105.2 Smooth Radio
Sunny Govan Radio
Radio Free Scotland
Celtic Music Radio
AWAZ FM
Insight Radio
Magazines
bunkered — Scotland's best-selling golf magazine and the biggest-selling golf magazine in the UK per capita.
Newspapers
A number of major Scottish newspapers are published in the city:
The Daily Record and Sunday Mail — Scotland's best-selling tabloid, based at Central Quay
The Herald — Scotland's best-selling broadsheet
The Sunday Herald — its five-year-old sister title
The Evening Times — an evening tabloid distributed in the west of Scotland
As well as Scottish editions of:
The Sun
The Daily Mail and The Mail on Sunday
The Times and Sunday Times
Local newspapers are:
The Glaswegian — Covering Glasgow and parts of East Renfrewshire
The Digger — Mainly covering the North of Glasgow
Local News for Southsiders — The Southside of Glasgow and the Govan area.
The Glasgow East News — The East End of the City
The West End Mail — Partick, West-End and the Northwest outskirts. -Ceased December 2006
The Springburn Herald — Weekly newspaper covering the area of North Glasgow and East Dunbartonshire
G41 — Monthly community newspaper serving Dumbreck, Pollokshields, Strathbungo, Shawlands and Langside. Published by a social enterprise called Southside Media.
Glasgow Keelie A mutual-aid based monthly newspaper covering events in the Glasgow area
Internet
Scot24news
Southside Happenings A local website documenting life on the southside of the city.
g41.org.uk Citizen journalism website created by Southside Media
Transform Television Transform TV is Scotland's Community TV Channel on the web by Fablevision
Glasgowist A website celebrating the best people and places in Glasgow.
Glasgow Filmmakers Alliance Online database of Individuals and Companies working in Film and Television in Glasgow.
See also
Media in Scotland
Scottish Daily News
List of Scotland–based production companies
References
Resources
Gurevitch M. Culture, Society and the Media. Routledge: New Ed edition, 1982
Glasgow
The 1982 Harrow Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Harrow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Ioannou or Joannou () is a Greek surname, derived from the given name John ().
Notable people with surname Ioannou or Joannou:
People
Ioannou
Demetris Ioannou (born 1968), Cypriot footballer
Dimitrios Ioannou (1861-1926), Greek general
Dimitris Ioannou (born 1977), Greek footballer
Eleni Ioannou (1984-2004), Greek judo athlete
Fifis Ioannou (1914-1988), 2nd Secretary General of AKEL
Giorgos Ioannou (1926-2017), Greek painter
John Ioannou, Greek-Canadian actor
Kyriakos Ioannou (born 1984), Cypriot high jumper
Memos Ioannou (born 1958), Greek basketball player
Nicky Ioannou (born 1987), British footballer
Nicolas George Ioannou (born 1965), Cypriot businessman
Orthodoxos Ioannou (born 1986), Cypriot footballer
Susan Ioannou (born 1944), Canadian poet
Yiannos Ioannou (born 1966), Cypriot footballer
Joannou
Chris Joannou (born 1979), bass player
Dakis Joannou (born 1939), Cypriot industrialist
Stelios Joannou (1915-1999), Cypriot philanthropist
See also
Joannou & Paraskevaides, Middle East contractor
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Doonmore is a promontory fort and National Monument located in County Kerry, Ireland.
Location
Doonmore lies on a headland reaching into Dingle Bay, southeast of Dingle town.
History
Traditionally viewed as being built by the Iron Age Veneti, promontory forts are now associated with a later date, the early Middle Ages. (5th–8th centuries AD).
Structure
A headland of , cut off from the mainland by an artificial ditch, with complex multiple vallations and stone ramparts.
References
Buildings and structures in County Kerry
Tourist attractions in County Kerry
National Monuments in County Kerry
Kirengeshoma palmata, the yellow wax bells, is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae, native to Japan and eastern China (Huangshan and Tianmushan). It is a clump-forming herbaceous perennial growing to tall by broad, with sycamore-like palmate leaves, and fleshy, pale yellow flowers borne on slender maroon stems in late summer. It is a calcifuge, suitable for cultivation in a shady, moist location in acid soil.
References
Hydrangeaceae
Flora of China
Flora of Japan
Aishwarya Devan is an Indian actress and Beauty queen from Kerala state who has acted in Malayalam, Tamil and Kannada language films. She was crowned Femina Miss India Maharashtra 2017 and represented Maharashtra state in Femina Miss India 2017. She won various subtitles during the contest and made it to top-6 finalists.
She made her Hindi film debut with the film Kaashi in Search of Ganga.
Early life
Aishwarya was born to Malayalee parents in Bangalore to S. Devan, and Sheeja Devan who is from Shornur, Palakkad district, Kerala.
Career
She was debuted in a Tamil movie 'Yuvan' with Siddharth Rajkumar and Rakul Preet Singh. Then in Malayalam, Deepan introduced her to Shaji Kailas who cast her in his film Simhasanam opposite Prudhviraj Sukumaran. She played a Bangalore-based girl who, after her Plus Two, enters college in both her films. Yuvan was her first Tamil film and Simhasanam was her first Malayalam film.
After Simhasanam, she acted in Bala's The Hitlist and Major Ravi's Karmayodha.
In 2013, she received the lead role In V. K. Prakash's Thank You. In the early 2014 she signed up for the Tamil film Anegan directed by K.V. Anand as the second lead opposite Dhanush which released in the early 2015 and was a blockbuster, which also released as Anekudu in Telugu.
Filmography
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
21st-century Indian actresses
Indian film actresses
Actresses from Bangalore
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Hindi cinema
John Northmore (died 1415/16), of Taunton, Somerset, was a wool and cloth merchant.
He was a Member of Parliament for Taunton in September 1397 and 1407.
References
14th-century births
1416 deaths
14th-century English people
15th-century English people
People from Taunton
English MPs September 1397
English MPs 1407
Year of birth missing
Place of death missing
Mariangelo Foggiato (Possagno, 19 April 1954) is a Venetist politician.
Having joined Liga Veneta–Lega Nord, he was elected to the Regional Council of Veneto in 1995. However, he left the party in 1998, when he founded Liga Veneta Repubblica (LVR) along with Fabrizio Comencini. He was national president of LVR until 1999, when he abandoned active politics.
In 2004 Foggiato returned to political activity as member of North-East Project (PNE), of which he was a founder (along with Giorgio Panto) and secretary. He was elected again to the Regional Council in 2005. The new party performed well in the Province of Treviso, where it won 15.6% of the vote. After Panto's death, he became the leader of the party. In 2010 he was re-elected to the Council with the North-East Union, a coalition comprising PNE, LVR and other Venetist parties.
In August 2014 Foggiato announced he was leaving the Regional Council because of "strictly private matters, involving me and my family". This did not stop him to be one of the main proponents and supporters of the Independence We Veneto coalition in the 2015 regional election.
In his three terms as regional councillor, Foggiato was actively involved in the efforts of transforming Veneto into an autonomous region.
References
Venetist politicians
Living people
Members of the Regional Council of Veneto
Lega Nord politicians
20th-century Italian politicians
21st-century Italian politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Iraj Kiarostami (; 7 July 1963 – 6 August 2015) was an amateur boxer from Iran, who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in the Super heavyweight (+91 kg) division and lost in the first round to Jerry Nijman of the Netherlands. He is also an Asian Games bronze medalist.
References
External links
1963 births
2015 deaths
Iranian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Iran
Boxers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Super-heavyweight boxers
Sportspeople from Tehran
The 8th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 8වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1979 Sinhala cinema on March 29, 1980, at the Colombo New Theater Grounds, Sri Lanka. It was held after ten years gap due to the political unrest prevailed in the country. Minister of Lands, Land Development and Mahaweli Development Gamini Dissanayake was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Handaya won the most awards with seven including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1980 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
The 1972 American League Championship Series was held October 7–12, and matched the Oakland Athletics () and Detroit Tigers () for the right to go to the 1972 World Series.
The first two games were played at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum, and the final three at Tiger Stadium. In each of the first four games, the home team prevailed; the A's won the deciding fifth game 2–1 on the road to take their first American League pennant since 1931.
Overview
The's won the first two games of the series at home, and one of this series' most memorable moments came in the seventh inning of Game 2. Oakland shortstop Bert Campaneris came to bat, having had three hits, two runs scored, and two stolen bases in his first three at-bats in the game. Detroit reliever Lerrin LaGrow's first pitch hit Campaneris in the ankle; he staggered for a moment, glared at LaGrow and then flung his bat toward the mound. The bat spiraled at LaGrow off the ground, but LaGrow ducked, and the bat narrowly missed him, landing a few feet behind the mound. The benches cleared, and while there were no punches thrown or other incidents involving players, Tigers manager Billy Martin had to be restrained by umpires and teammates to prevent him from going after Campaneris. Both LaGrow and Campaneris were suspended for the rest of the ALCS. Interestingly, this was a rare case where a manager, in this case Billy Martin, would manage in the postseason against a team that they either once managed or would later manage as he did for the Oakland Athletics from 1980 through 1982.
After Game 2, the Series moved to Detroit, where the Tigers fought back and won the next two. Game 4 was one of the best of the early LCS era, going ten innings, with the Tigers pulling out the victory. After it was 1–1 at the end of nine innings, the A's scored two runs in the top of the tenth, and it looked as if the series was over. However, the Tigers responded with three runs to win, 4–3. Detroit scored on two singles, a walk, and an error on a potential double play grounder which produced the first run.
With the bases loaded, Norm Cash walked, forcing in the tying run. The's infield and outfield were positioned shallow for a play at the plate; Jim Northrup hit a deep fly ball off Dave Hamilton to drive in the winning run.
In Game 5, the starting pitchers were Blue Moon Odom of the A's and Woodie Fryman of the Tigers. In the second inning on a double steal, center fielder and cleanup hitter Reggie Jackson scored from third base, but was injured and was out for the season. After two innings, the game was 1–1. But by the fourth, it was clear runs wouldn't come easy, so when George Hendrick scored on a Gene Tenace RBI single, the Tigers knew they were in trouble. By the ninth inning, Odom and Vida Blue had combined to pitch seven scoreless innings. With the A's up 2–1, it came down to the bottom of the ninth, as the Tigers faced Blue. Norm Cash singled, but that was it as Tony Taylor flied to center for the final out. Odom got the win, Blue got the save, and the A's were a World Series team for the first time in Oakland, and won the first of three straight American League pennants.
It was twelve years until Detroit returned to the postseason, when they won the 1984 World Series in five games.
Since this 1972 ALCS, the Tigers and Athletics have met three times in the postseason, with Detroit winning all three: a four-game sweep in 2006, and winning a pair of decisive fifth games in Oakland in 2012 and 2013.
Summary
Detroit Tigers vs. Oakland Athletics
Game summaries
Game 1
Game 1 pitted ace pitchers Catfish Hunter for the A's and Mickey Lolich for the Tigers, and, as expected, both were brilliant. Norm Cash homered to give the Tigers a 1–0 lead in the second inning, and the A's tied it in the third on a Joe Rudi sacrifice fly.
The score remained at 1–1 until the 11th,inning although the Tigers threatened in their half of the ninth. Duke Sims led off with a double off Hunter. Vida Blue came on in relief to pitch to left-handed hitting Norm Cash. Cash laid down a sacrifice bunt, but reached first when second baseman Ted Kubiak, covering first, dropped Sal Bando's throw. Sims reached third. Rollie Fingers then came in to face pinch hitter Gates Brown and got him on a foul pop fly. Jim Northrup then bounced into a 4–6–3 double play to end the threat.
Al Kaline gave the Tigers a 2–1 lead in the eleventh with a homer off Fingers and looked like a hero at that point. In the bottom of the 11th, Lolich gave up back-to-back singles to Sal Bando and Mike Epstein. Chuck Seelbach relieved Lolich. Gene Tenace attempted a sacrifice bunt, but third baseman Aurelio Rodríguez pounced on it and forced Blue Moon Odom, running for Bando, at third. Tigers shortstop Ed Brinkman then fired to first, his throw pulling Dick McAuliffe covering first off the bag. McAuliffe appeared to tag Tenace out, but he was called safe. Gonzalo Marquez pinch hit for Dal Maxvill and grounded a base hit to right, scoring Mike Hegan, running for Epstein, and tying the game. Tenace attempted to advance to third, and Kaline's throw from right field skipped past Rodriguez, allowing Tenace to score and win the game for the A's.
Game 2
Bert Campaneris was a sparkplug from the start. He led off the game for the A's with a single off Woodie Fryman and promptly stole second and third. Joe Rudi then batted him in with a one-out single.
The's plated four more runs in the fifth when George Hendrick pinch-hit a single and went to second on a Blue Moon Odom sacrifice. Campaneris singled Hendrick to third and Matty Alou singled him in. Chris Zachary relieved Fryman and threw two wild pitches, scoring Campaneris and sending Alou to third. After Rudi walked, Reggie Jackson blasted a two-run double to make it 5–0.
Odom got the win for the A's, who now had a 2–0 lead, but would play without Campaneris for the remainder of the Championship Series, on account of a suspension he was issued due to the bat-throwing incident described in the Overview above.
Game 3
Joe Coleman put the Tigers back into the series by throwing a complete-game, seven-hit shutout, striking out a then ALCS record 14 batters. Coleman was aided by a two-run single in the fourth by Ike Brown and a homer by Bill Freehan in the eighth.
Game 4
Game 4 was the most exciting of the series; for eight innings, it was a tight pitching duel between Game 1 aces Catfish Hunter and Mickey Lolich. The only runs across were a Dick McAuliffe homer for the Tigers in the third and a Mike Epstein homer for the A's -- Oakland's only home run in the series -- in the seventh.
In the sixth, A's second baseman Dick Green was hurt on a hard slide by Norm Cash trying to break up a double play. A's manager Dick Williams moved catcher Gene Tenace to second because no other healthy players were available. Tenace had last played second base in high school, and this inexperience was soon costly.
The Tigers threatened in both the eighth and ninth innings. In the eighth, McAuliffe walked and was sacrificed to second by Al Kaline. Mickey Stanley reached on an infield hit, sending McAuliffe to third. Rollie Fingers relieved Hunter and Billy Martin called for a suicide squeeze that failed and McAuliffe was thrown out trying to score. Fingers then struck out Bill Freehan for the final out. In the ninth, with two outs, Tony Taylor doubled and Vida Blue intentionally walked Aurelio Rodríguez. Blue then retired pinch-hitter Willie Horton on a fly to center.
In the tenth, the A's took a two-run lead when Gonzalo Marquez continued his pinch-hitting heroics with a one-out single. Matty Alou doubled home Marquez and went to third on the throw home. Ted Kubiak then hit a bloop single to right with Alou scoring for a 3–1 lead. After Joe Rudi was retired, Reggie Jackson reached on a throwing error by Rodriguez with Kubiak reaching third. However, no more A's runs scored as Sal Bando made the last out of the inning.
The Tigers rallied in the bottom of the tenth, starting with singles by McAuliffe and Kaline. A's reliever Joe Horlen's wild pitch advanced the runners to second and third and Gates Brown walked to load the bases with no outs. Bill Freehan then grounded an apparent double play ball to third, but the inexperienced Tenace at second dropped Sal Bando's throw. McAuliffe scored and everybody was safe. Dave Hamilton then relieved Horlen and promptly walked Norm Cash to tie the game, and then gave up a walk-off single to Jim Northrup, a ball hit over right fielder Matty Alou's head (the outfield was drawn in), scoring Brown with the winning run.
Game 5
The Tigers struck in the first off Blue Moon Odom when Dick McAuliffe led off with a single. After a one-out walk to Duke Sims, a passed ball by Gene Tenace put the runners on second and third. McAuliffe scored when Bill Freehan grounded out.
In the second, center fielder and cleanup hitter Reggie Jackson led off for the A's with a walk and stole second. Sal Bando's fly to right sent Jackson to third. After Mike Epstein was hit by a Woodie Fryman pitch, Dick Williams ordered a double steal. Jackson collided with Freehan and scored, but, the bad news was, Jackson tore his left hamstring and was sidelined for the remainder of the postseason.
The's got the winning tally in the fourth when George Hendrick, Jackson's replacement, reached on a ground ball to shortstop McAuliffe that was ruled a throwing error when Norm Cash's foot was pulled off first base. Cash and Billy Martin argued that the foot never left the base, but to no avail. Bando sacrificed Hendrick to second, and Gene Tenace, making amends for his earlier passed ball, singled Hendrick home for his only hit and RBI of the series.
Odom got the win and Vida Blue the save in four innings of relief as the A's, minus Jackson, won their first pennant since 1931 and moved on to the World Series.
As an odd precursor to what became an explosive relationship years later, Martin visited the A's locker room and consoled Jackson, expressing regret that he would miss the Series. Even without Jackson, the A's went on to beat the Cincinnati Reds in the World Series in seven games.
The's won despite a team batting average of .224, superb pitching by Oakland held the Tigers to a meager .198 team batting average in the pitchers-dominated series.
Composite Line Score
1972 ALCS (3–2): Oakland A's over Detroit Tigers
References
External links
1972 ALCS at Baseball-Reference
American League Championship Series
American League Championship Series
Oakland Athletics postseason
Detroit Tigers postseason
American League Championship Series
American League Championship Series
American League Championship Series
20th century in Oakland, California
American League Championship Series
Sports competitions in Detroit
Sports competitions in Oakland, California
The great slaty woodpecker (Mulleripicus pulverulentus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found across the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia. A unique and basically unmistakable bird, it is the largest species of woodpecker that is certain to exist today. It is a fairly gregarious species.
Range
It is found in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia, ranging across Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. It is found in the Greater Sundas, but it does not inhabit Bali.
Habitat
This species prefers to inhabit areas of primary semi-open, moist deciduous and tropical evergreen forest though can on occasion range into adjacent secondary forests, clearings with scattered tall trees and similar almost park-like areas but do not generally visit heavily disturbed areas. Locally, the great slaty woodpecker prefers sprawling stands of dipterocarp and teak trees. Also found in mature sal forests, swamp forest and mangroves with tall, mature trees. The species usually occurs below an elevation of , but also locally in montane areas of up to , occasionally ranging up to .
Description
With the probable extinctions of the imperial woodpecker and the ivory-billed woodpecker, this species, at long and a weight of , stands as the largest woodpecker in the world. The average weight was claimed in one study as . Among standard measurements, the wing chord is , the tail is , the bill is and the tarsus is . This unique-looking woodpecker has several obvious distinctive features: a very long, strong chisel-tipped bill, an elongated neck and a long tail. A slight crest maybe occasionally evident. This species plumage is almost entirely dark grey or blackish slate-grey overlaid with small white spots. The throat is paler grey and males have small red moustache. Normally, the nominate subspecies is the darkest, most slaty gray race. M. p. harterti has a more pale throat with a greater amount of whitish feather tips forming small spot and is slightly paler below than the nominate, sometimes appearing almost whitish on the belly. The size and structure readily distinguishes this bird from almost any other species, including other woodpeckers. Occasionally, at first glance, the great slaty woodpecker is mistaken for a hornbill but, obviously, such a resemblance is slight at best.
For a bird of such great size, the great slaty woodpecker has a weak, quiet voice, especially compared to other large woodpeckers, which tend to have loud, booming voices. The species call is a whinnying cackle of 2 to 5, usually 4 notes,
woikwoikwoikwoik, the initial being higher in pitched and the middle note being distinctly lower. Single dwot calls, variable in sound, strength and duration, are sometimes given while perched or in flight. Breeding pairs of these woodpeckers have been heard to softly mew at each other. In more antagonistic situations, sharp taw-whit or dew-it calls are uttered while the birds swing their heads back and forth.
Ecology
Great slaty woodpeckers are mostly seen in groups consisting of 3 to 6 individuals, which consist of a breeding pair and their young from prior years. Groups often forage on shared feeding sites in the form of nests of social insects as ants, termites, wood-boring beetles and stingless bees. Ants seem to be generally favored in the diet, though larvae of other species may be eaten quite regularly as well. Occasionally, small fruit may supplement the diet. Females spend more time searching for feeding sources and males, which have slightly larger bills, spend more time opening the sources. Preferred feeding sources are mostly found in large branches or trunks of large, living trees. The groups will travel considerable distance to access these trees and, as such, the home ranges of the species are quite large. Occasionally, though, they will feed at lower levels in trees and even amongst saplings. Usually, feeding groups of these woodpeckers do not linger in any given area for long. Sometimes this species associates with slightly smaller white-bellied woodpeckers and considerably smaller greater flamebacks, with the foraging methods of the very different woodpeckers minimizing competition between the species. Perhaps more considerable competition for food sources generally comes in the form of hornbills and arboreal (or tree-dwelling) mammals. The great slaty woodpecker usually works a tree upwards and, though capable of swifter movements, has been described while foraging as if moving in "slow motion". It forages by gleaning, probing, pecking, prising off bark and hammering with powerful and loud blows to excavate the wood. Gleaning is the most important foraging method for the species, with the long neck and bill allowing it to reach out over a considerable distance into the cracks and crevices of trees. This species often flies high over the trees for long distances between successful foraging patches. In flight, its feather rustle noisily. The great slaty woodpecker usually engages in less dipping during than other woodpeckers and flies in a mixed flying style described as quite crow-like.
Like all woodpeckers, breeding pairs roost in separate tree holes but regularly vocalized to stay in contact. The pair bond appears to be lifelong. These woodpeckers engage in displays, largely for territorial purposes. Displays include head-swinging, where the appears to lag behind the body in swinging movements, whinnying calls and widen their wings and tail considerably. Few nests of the species have been described in detail, but at least occasionally nests are raised cooperatively by groups. Known nests, at anywhere from in height in the trees, were located in very large trees. When excavating the nest hole, both parents participate but reportedly the male does the majority of the work. The nest hole entrance will be around across, but much wider inside the tree. The pair will only use a nest from a prior year if competition is too overbearing for a newly constructed hole. The nesting season, in Malaysia at least, appears to be from March to August. The clutch reportedly consists of two to four eggs, which are incubated by both parents. Both parents also feed and generally brood the young. The young great slaty woodpeckers probably stay with their parents until the next breeding season.
Status
Probably because of their feeding and breeding dependence on large old trees, great slaty woodpeckers are most common in primary forests and show density reductions of over 80% in logged forests. The global population is in decline because of the loss of forest cover and logging of old-growth forest throughout its range, with habitat loss being particularly rapid in Myanmar, Cambodia and Indonesia which are the countries that still hold the majority of the global population. In 2010, the great slaty woodpecker was included in the IUCN Red List in the Vulnerable category.
References
External links
BirdLife International 2011. Species factsheet: Great slaty woodpecker Downloaded on 1 November 2011.
Image at ADW
Images at Arkive
great slaty woodpecker
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds described in 1826
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Phanuphong Phonsa (, born 3 June 1994) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a winger for Thai League 1 club Chonburi and the Thailand national team.
External links
1994 births
Living people
Phanuphong Phonsa
Phanuphong Phonsa
Association football midfielders
Phanuphong Phonsa
Phanuphong Phonsa
Phanuphong Phonsa
British Diplomat was a tanker that was built in 1926 by J Brown & Co Ltd, Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, United Kingdom for the British Tanker Co Ltd. Relegated to use as a depot ship in Algeria by the time the Second World War stated, she was returned to the United Kingdom and transferred to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) in 1940, renamed Empire Diplomat. War service was spent in home waters. She served until 1946 when she was scrapped.
Description
The ship was built in 1926 by J Brown & Co Ltd, Clydebank. She was yard number 507.
The ship was long, with a beam of . She had a depth of and a draught of . As built, she was assessed at , . Her DWT was 9,121.
The ship was propelled by a 776 nhp two-stroke Single Cycle Single Action diesel engine, which had eight cylinders of diameter by stroke. It drove twin screw propellers. The engine was built by J Brown & Co Ltd.
History
Empire Diplomat was built for the British Tanker Co Ltd. She was launched on 2 April 1926, and completed on 1 July. Her port of registry was London. The Official Number 148786 and Code Letters KVFG were allocated. With the changes to Code Letters in 1934, British Diplomat was allocated the letters GFRY.
British Diplomat was still in service in December 1937, when she relayed a radio message from which was in difficulties off Algeria and had been taken under tow by under Lloyds Open Form regulations. By 1939, she was in use as a depot ship at Oran, Algeria. She departed from Oran on 23 December 1939 for Gibraltar, arriving on 25 December. She left Gibraltar on 16 February 1940, returning the next day. British Diplomat was a member of Convoy HG 24, which departed from Gibraltar on 28 March and arrived at Liverpool, Lancashire, United Kingdom on 7 April. She detached from the convoy on 6 April at and sailed to the Isle of Portland, arriving that day. She sailed on 9 April for Southend, Essex, where she arrived on 11 April. She then joined Convoy FN 143, which departed on 12 April and arrived at Methil, Fife on 14 April. She left the convoy at the Tyne, where British Diplomat was to undergo a refit, and was renamed Empire Diplomat as she had been requisitioned by the MoWT. She was placed under the management of her former owners. She was assessed at .
Empire Diplomat departed from the Tyne on 7 August 1940, to join Convoy FN 244, which had departed from Southend on 6 August and arrived at Methil on 8 August. She spent the next four month sailing between Methil and Southend in convoys FS 269, FN 277A, FS 338, FN 344, and FS 359, which arrived at Southend on 15 December.
Empire Diplomat was out of service until April 1941, when she joined Convoy EC 11, which departed from Southend on 24 April and arrived at the Clyde on 29 April. She was to be used as a depot ship at Loch Alsh, Inner Hebrides, where she arrived on 27 April. She remained at Loch Alsh until October 1942, when she joined Convoy WN 352, which departed from Oban, Argyllshire on 22 October and arrived at Methil two days later. She then joined Convoy FS 943, which departed on 25 October and arrived at Southend on 27 October. She left the convoy at the Tyne on 26 October.
Empire Diplomat departed the Tyne on 23 November, joining Convoy FN 872, which had departed from Southend the previous day and arrived at Methil on 24 November. She then joined Convoy EN 166, which departed that day and arrived at Loch Ewe on 26 November. Empire Diplomat detached from the convoy an put into Invergordon, Ross-shire, arriving on 26 November. She subsequently sailed to Loch Alsh, where she was to remain for the next year. She sailed from Loch Alsh on 12 November 1943 for the Clyde, arriving the next day.
Empire Diplomat departed from the Clyde on 31 March 1944 for Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire, arriving two days later. She then joined Convoy WP 502, which departed on 4 April and arrived at Portsmouth, Hampshire on 6 April. She was a member of Convoy PW 505, which departed from Portsmouth on 11 April and arrived at Milford Haven on 13 April, then sailing on to the Clyde, where she arrived on 13 April. The next two months were spent sailing the west and south coasts of the United Kingdom, visiting Avonmouth the Clyde, Milford Haven, Newport, Portsmouth, Swansea and Southampton. Empire Diplomat departed from Newport on 19 June for Loch Ewe, arriving three days later. She then joined Convoy WN 599, which arrived at Methil on 25 June. British Diplomat was a member of Convoy FS 1494, which departed from Methil on 25 June and arrived at Southend on 27 June. She arrived at the Tyne on 26 June, where she was laid up. In August 1944, Empire Diplomat sailed to Milford Haven, arriving on 18 August. She was sold for scrap on 24 July 1945. Empire Diplomat was scrapped at Dunston-on-Tyne, Northumberland in 1946.
References
External links
Colour photo of British Diplomat
1926 ships
Ships built on the River Clyde
Tankers of the United Kingdom
Merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Empire ships
Ministry of War Transport ships
Varsity Football Club is a Canadian semi-professional soccer club based in West Point Grey, Vancouver, British Columbia that play in League1 British Columbia.
History
The club was officially unveiled on December 3, 2021, as an inaugural licence holder for the first season of the new semi-professional League1 British Columbia in 2022. The team was formed in partnership with the University of British Columbia and their Thunderbirds sports teams with the head coaches of both the UBC men's and women's soccer teams serving as the club's inaugural head coaches. In addition, Varsity's home stadium will be UBC's Thunderbird Stadium with select games being played on the field at the Rashpal Dhillon Track & Field Oval, also located on the UBC campus.
Their inaugural matches, for the male and female teams, occurred on May 26 against Unity FC, with both sides winning their matches 2-0. Their home debut occurred on June 4, with the men defeating the Victoria Highlanders 3-0, while the women defeated the Highlanders 3-2. They won the 2022 Juan de Fuca Plate as the League1 BC club with the greatest number of combined points between the men's and women's divisions during the regular season. Varsity finished atop the regular season standings for both the men's and women's divisions in the debut season, advancing to the championship finals. In the women's final, Varsity was defeated by Vancouver Whitecaps Girls Elite, while the men were defeated by TSS Rovers FC in a penalty shootout. Despite losing in the finals, the women's team represented L1BC at the League1 Canada Interprovincial Championship, as the Whitecaps were unable to attend, where they finished in 4th place, following defeats to PLSQ side AS Blainville in the semi-finals and losing in a penalty shootout to League1 Ontario side Alliance United FC in the third-place match.
Seasons
Men
Women
Notable players
The following players have either played at the professional or international level, either before or after playing for the League1 BC team:
Men
Women
References
Soccer clubs in British Columbia
Varsity
Association football clubs established in 2021
2021 establishments in British Columbia
A stuck-at fault is a particular fault model used by fault simulators and automatic test pattern generation (ATPG) tools to mimic a manufacturing defect within an integrated circuit. Individual signals and pins are assumed to be stuck at Logical '1', '0' and 'X'. For example, an input is tied to a logical 1 state during test generation to assure that a manufacturing defect with that type of behavior can be found with a specific test pattern. Likewise the input could be tied to a logical 0 to model the behavior of a defective circuit that cannot switch its output pin.
Not all faults can be analyzed using the stuck-at fault model. Compensation for static hazards, namely branching signals, can render a circuit untestable using this model. Also, redundant circuits cannot be tested using this model, since by design there is no change in any output as a result of a single fault.
Single stuck at line
Single stuck line is a fault model used in digital circuits. It is used for post manufacturing testing, not design testing. The model assumes one line or node in the digital circuit is stuck at logic high or logic low. When a line is stuck it is called a fault.
Digital circuits can be divided into:
Gate level or combinational circuits which contain no storage (latches and/or flip flops) but only gates like NAND, OR, XOR, etc.
Sequential circuits which contain storage.
This fault model applies to gate level circuits, or a block of a sequential circuit which can be separated from the storage elements.
Ideally a gate-level circuit would be completely tested by applying all possible inputs and checking that they gave the right outputs, but this is completely impractical: an adder to add two 32-bit numbers would require 264 = 1.8*1019 tests, taking 58 years at 0.1 ns/test.
The stuck at fault model assumes that only one input on one gate will be faulty at a time, assuming that if more are faulty, a test that can detect any single fault, should easily find multiple faults.
To use this fault model, each input pin on each gate in turn, is assumed to be grounded, and a test vector is developed to indicate the circuit is faulty. The test vector is a collection of bits to apply to the circuit's inputs, and a collection of bits expected at the circuit's output. If the gate pin under consideration is grounded, and this test vector is applied to the circuit, at least one of the output bits will not agree with the corresponding output bit in the test vector. After obtaining the test vectors for grounded pins, each pin is connected in turn to a logic one and another set of test vectors is used to find faults occurring under these conditions. Each of these faults is called a single stuck-at-0 (s-a-0) or a single stuck-at-1 (s-a-1) fault, respectively.
This model worked so well for transistor-transistor logic (TTL), which was the logic of choice during the 1970s and 1980s, that manufacturers advertised how well they tested their circuits by a number called "stuck-at fault coverage", which represented the percentage of all possible stuck-at faults that their testing process could find.
While the same testing model works moderately well for CMOS, it is not able to detect all possible CMOS faults. This is because CMOS may experience a failure mode known as a stuck-open fault, which cannot be reliably detected with one test vector and requires that two vectors be applied sequentially. The model also fails to detect bridging faults between adjacent signal lines, occurring in pins that drive bus connections and array structures. Nevertheless, the concept of single stuck-at faults is widely used, and with some additional tests has allowed industry to ship an acceptable low number of bad circuits.
The testing based on this model is aided by several things:
A test developed for a single stuck-at fault often finds a large number of other stuck-at faults.
A series of tests for stuck-at faults will often, purely by serendipity, find a large number of other faults, such as stuck-open faults. This is sometimes called "windfall" fault coverage.
Another type of testing called IDDQ testing measures the way the power supply current of a CMOS integrated circuit changes when a small number of slowly changing test vectors are applied. Since CMOS draws a very low current when its inputs are static, any increase in that current indicates a potential problem.
See also
Design for test
Digital electronics
Electronic design automation
Vestre Aker (Western Aker) is a borough of the city of Oslo, Norway. It has a population of 50,157 as of 2020.
The previous Aker Municipality was merged into the city of Oslo in 1948.
The borough of Vestre Aker was organized as part of the 1 January 2004 reform. Previous boroughs
Vinderen and Røa became part of the new borough of Vestre Aker. The borough of Vestre Aker does not correspond to Vestre Aker parish of the Church of Norway, that lies east of the borough. The borough of Vestre Aker belongs to Ris, Røa and Voksen parishes of the Church of Norway.
Situated in the hillside west of the city centre, Vestre Aker is known for being one of the wealthiest parts of Oslo.
Ready started playing in the Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2004–05 and has ever since.
The borough consists of the following traditional districts of Oslo:
Holmenkollen, the location of the Holmenkollen ski jump
Tryvann
Vinderen
Røa
Sørkedalen
Smestad, Oslo
Slemdal
Politics
As a borough of Oslo, Vestre Aker is governed by the city council of Oslo as well as its own borough council. The council leader is Yngvar Husebye from the Conservative Party and the deputy leader is Bård Thorheim, also of the Conservative Party. The Conservative Party has the most seats. The 15 seats are distributed among the following political parties for the 2019-2023 term:
8 from the Conservative Party (Høyre)
2 from the Labour Party (Arbeiderpartiet)
2 from the Green Party (Miljøpartiet de Grønne)
1 from the Progress Party (Fremskrittspartiet)
1 from the Socialist Left Party (Sosialistisk Venstreparti)
1 from the Liberal Party (Venstre)
Culture
The is located at Slemdal. Vigeland called it Tomba Emmanuelle.
References
Boroughs of Oslo
Dacian War(s) may refer to:
Domitian's Dacian War, two punitive expeditions mounted as a border defense against raids of Moesia from Dacia in 86–87 AD ordered by the Emperor Titus Flavius Domitianus against Dacia and the Dacian king Decebalus
Trajan's Dacian Wars, two campaigns of conquest ordered or led by the Emperor Trajan in 101–102 AD and 105–106 AD from Moesia against Dacia and Decebalus
Statherotis leucaspis is a moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Edward Meyrick in 1902. It is found in Thailand, the Maldives, Java, the Marshall Islands, the Ellice Islands, India, Sri Lanka and the Seychelles.
The wingspan is 13.5–14 mm for males and 12–15 mm for females.
References
Moths described in 1902
Olethreutini
Fauna of Seychelles
Kalpadukal () is a 1962 Malayalam-language film, directed by K. S. Antony, starring Prem Nazir in the lead role. The film received a certificate of merit at the National Film Awards. Renowned playback singer K. J. Yesudas sang his first song for this film.
Awards
National Film Awards
1962: Certificate of Merit for the Second Best Feature Film in Malayalam
Cast
Prem Nazir
Prem Nawas
Ragini
Aranmula Ponnamma
Nellikode Bhaskaran
P. J. Antony
Paravoor Bharathan
Adoor Pankajam
Sukumari
Thrissur Elsy
Nambiyathu
Vishnuprasad
Thoppil Ravi
S. N. Puram Kunchan
Pulivalan Kochappan
Kollam Sukumaran
B. Krishna
Vasumathi
Thara
Raphael
Kalamandalam Bhanumathi
Artist Nandan
Sivasankaran
U. C. K. Vadanappilli
T. K. Shanthi
Ponnara Vijayan
Master Shanavas
K. C. Rajasekharan
K. P. Paul
Johnson
Sreedharan
Parvathiyamma
M. N. Damodaran
Dharmaraj
Antony Jose
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran, Kumaranasan, Sreenarayana Guru and Nambiyathu.
References
External links
http://www.malayalachalachithram.com/movie.php?i=94
1962 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Zakaria Allaoui El-Achraf () (born 17 June 1966 in Marrakesh) is a retired Moroccan football goalkeeper.
He spent most of his career with Kawkab Marrakech, playing for the club between 1983 and 1997. Between 1998 and 2000, he played for French clubs Tours FC, SO Châtellerault and Paris FC, before finishing his career. Between 2005 and 2007, he was the goalkeeping coach for French club Troyes.
He played for the Moroccan national team in the first half of the 1990s and also made two appearances at the 1994 FIFA World Cup finals in the United States.
References
1966 births
Sportspeople from Marrakesh
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Morocco international footballers
Living people
Tours FC players
Paris FC players
1994 FIFA World Cup players
Association football goalkeepers
Botola players
SO Châtellerault players
Kawkab Marrakech players
Expatriate footballers in France
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
is a railway station in the city of Okazaki, Aichi, Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
Lines
Yahagibashi Station is served by the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line and is 32.5 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Toyohashi Station.
Station layout
The station has two island platforms connected by a footbridge, serving three tracks. Platform 4 is a shunt platform with no thru-traffic. The station has automated ticket machines, Manaca automated turnstiles and is staffed.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Station history
Yahagibashi Station was opened on June 1, 1923 as a station on the privately held Aichi Electric Railway. The Aichi Electric Railway was acquired by the Meitetsu Group on August 1, 1935.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 6,609 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Toray Okazaki plant
Aichi Gakusen University
Okazaki Josei High School
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Official web page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1923
Railway stations in Aichi Prefecture
Stations of Nagoya Railroad
Okazaki, Aichi
"This Is Not a Love Song" is a single released by English post-punk band Public Image Ltd in 1983. It is the band's biggest commercial hit, peaking at No. 5 on the UK Singles Chart and at No. 3 on the Irish Singles Chart.
The 12" remixed version of the song is featured on Commercial Zone as "Love Song". A re-recorded version of the song is featured on PiL's fourth studio album This Is What You Want... This Is What You Get and includes a horn section.
The song was used in the 2008 animated movie Waltz with Bashir.
Track listing
7" vinyl – A|B Virgin 105 938
"This Is Not a Love Song" – 3:30
"Public Image" – 2:58
12" maxi – Virgin 600 997
"This Is Not a Love Song" – 4:27
"Blue Water" – 3:46
"This Is Not a Love Song (Remixed version)" – 4:27
"Public Image" – 2:58
Chart performance
References
1983 singles
1983 songs
Public Image Ltd songs
Songs written by John Lydon
Virgin Records singles
Songs written by Keith Levene
The 1994 Hillingdon Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Hillingdon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
André I Mvizi a Mkanga was a ruler of Kibangu and was one of the two main Kinlaza claimants to the throne of the Kingdom of Kongo during its civil war, the other being the King of Lemba. He ruled the Kingdom of Kibangu for a short period in 1685. His death marked the succession of Manuel Afonso which led to an internal struggle for power within Kibangu.
References
Kingdom of Kongo
Hostouň is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Hostouň (Domažlice District), a town in the Plzeň Region
Hostouň (Kladno District), a village in the Central Bohemian Region
Elmstone Church is an Anglican church in the village of Elmstone in Kent, England. The church dates back to the 13th century, and was designated a Grade II* listed building in 1963. Unusually for churches in the United Kingdom, Elmstone Church does not feature a dedication to any saint.
History and architecture
The nave and lower chancel are from Norman times and are built out of flint. The chancel contains a north window and the nave contains two south windows; all three have Caen stone heads and sills, as well as jambs made of flint. Early 14th-century remodelling is visible in the Y-tracery of the west window, and in the three-light east window which contains intersecting tracery. There is also evidence of an early 14th-century enlargement, specifically the north aisle and the north-west tower, both being built out of squared knapped flint. The church also boasts square-headed windows with ogee lights. The porch is situated to the south. There is an arcade of three bays typical of the 13th century, with the west bay being shared by the tower. The piers are octagonal, and the arches are double-chamfered. The priest's stall is dated to the 14th century, and the pulpit is of a late 19th-century design by Edward Schroeder Prior, with linenfold panels reminiscent of Charles Voysey.
The church is not known to feature a dedication to any known saint, a rare occurrence for Anglican churches in the United Kingdom; the church is thereby titled as "Elmstone Church" for any official purposes.
Glass and windows
In the east of the chancel is a stained glass window consisting of the Passion of Jesus in 12th-century styled roundels. In the east of the north aisle is stained glass depicting the Resurrection of Jesus. Both windows were produced by William Wailes around 1863. In the west of the nave is stained glass depicting the church's armorial; the date is unknown, however architectural historian John Newman gives a probable date of production around 1840. The north aisle also contains a window by Burlison and Grylls, as well as a window depicting the Nativity by James Powell and Sons. A distorted depiction of 7th-century saints is present on a window in the south wall. The west window contains medieval glass, and the north chancel window contains a medieval roundel depiction of the Lamb of God.
Furniture and monuments
The church possesses a font that is either 12th or 13th century, set on five shafts. There is a Bethersden marble bowl, being square below with a rounded top; the transition is made through anvil-shaped corner pieces. There are four poppyheads incorporated into the rector's stall.
A monument of Robert Jaques (died 1671) is attributable to Joshua Marshall, built in black and white marble into the south side of the chancel. At the top is a frontal bust, with draperies in an antique style.
References
Bibliography
External links
A Church Near You - Elmstone Church
Historic England - Elmstone Church (Dedication Unknown), Preston
English Gothic architecture in Kent
English churches with Norman architecture
Church of England church buildings in Kent
Grade II* listed churches in Kent
Diocese of Canterbury
Larry Lavender is an American dancer and dance scholar. He is the author of the book Dancers Talking Dance: Critical Evaluation in the Choreography Class.
Biography
Lavender did not begin training in dance until he was a college student. He has a Master of Fine Arts degree in Dance from the University of California, Irvine and a Ph.D in Dance Education from New York University.
Lavender served as Head of Dance and Director of the Interdisciplinary Undergraduate Program at the University of New Mexico before joining the faculty at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro in the College of Visual and Performing Arts. From 2002 until 2006 Lavender served as Head of the Dance Department at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. In 2006 he was succeeded by Jan Van Dyke as Department Head and joined the teaching faculty in the department. His research focuses on dance criticism, performance art, dance theory, and choreography. He also teaches Master of Arts courses in the Liberal Studies Program and the Llyod International Honors College at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. Lavender is a choreographic mentor for the Montreal Danse Choreography Research Project.
In 1996 he wrote the book Dancers Talking Dance: Critical Evaluation in the Choreography Class.
References
Living people
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American academic administrators
American contemporary dancers
American male dancers
Dance education in the United States
Dance research
Dance teachers
Modern dancers
University of New Mexico faculty
University of North Carolina at Greensboro faculty
University of California, Irvine alumni
New York University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Gnathophis longicauda, the little conger, little conger eel or silver conger, is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Edward Pierson Ramsay and James Douglas Ogilby in 1888, originally under the genus Congromuraena. It is a marine, temperate water-dwelling eel which is endemic to Australia, in the Indo-West Pacific. It dwells at a depth range of 2–99 metres, and inhabits the continental shelf and slope.
References
longicauda
Fish described in 1888
Bourke's parrot (Neopsephotus bourkii, formerly known as Neophema bourkii), also known as the blue-vented parrot, sundown parrot, pink-bellied parrot, Bourke's parakeet, Bourke or "Bourkie", is a small parrot found in Australia and the only species in its genus, Neopsephotus. It is approximately 19 cm long and weighs around 45 grams. It is named after General Sir Richard Bourke, Governor of New South Wales from 1831 to 1837.
Description
The Bourke's parrot is a relatively small species. They tend to vary between 18 cm and 23 cm in length with a tail length of approximately 9 cm. The females of the species tend to be slightly smaller than the males: males of the species weigh between 47 g and 49 g whilst females weigh between 41 g and 49 g. Both sexes look very similar until the age of nine months, after which they come into full plumage colour. In the wild, Bourke's parakeets display an overall brown colouration with a pink abdomen, pinkish breast and a blue rump. The legs are dark-brown, with zygodactyl toes. The bill is yellowish-brown. The adult male has a blue forehead while the adult female has a little or no blue on the forehead. The Bourke's parrot's feathers help it blend in with the reddish soil of its arid home.
There are four documented mutations found in captive Bourke's parrots; yellow, Isabel, fallow and pink or rosa.<ref name="ReferenceA">"The New Australian Parakeet Handbook", Vriends, Barron's Educational Series, Inc., Hauppauge, NY, 1992 </ref>
The bird's call has been described as a "soft twitter". Other sounds made by the Bourke's parrot go "chu-vee", "chirrup chirrup", or when alarmed, "kik-kik-kik".
Taxonomy and naming
The name of the Bourke's parrot comes from Sir Thomas L. Mitchell, who spotted the bird in New South Wales in 1835. Mitchell named the species after Sir Richard Bourke, the governor of the state at the time.
The ornithologist John Gould wrote the first scientific description of the Bourke's parrot in 1841. Gould initially classified the species as Euphema bourkii, but it was later classified within the genus Neophema which fully consists of grass parakeets.
In the mid-90s, the Bourke's was reclassified into its own genus, Neopsephotus. This was done because of a lack of evidence that the parrot could hybridize with the rest of the Neophema genus; they are different in colouration and live a nomadic lifestyle throughout the arid regions of Australia. The Bourke's parrot is still however referred to as a type of grass parakeet.
Distribution and habitat
The Bourke's parrot is native to Australia. As a nomadic species, following water and food sources, it has a vast range. The Bourke's parrot is mainly found in sparsely populated areas; however they have been known to dwell in urban areas as well. These parrots can be found from the South-western parts of Queensland deep into western New South Wales, throughout Central Australia to the far northern parts of South Australia and parts of Western Australia. The Bourke's parrot's main habitat consists of areas dominated by Acacia species, particularly the mulga, in dry spinifex plains. The species can also be found in native cypress and other open eucalypt woodlands.
Ecology and behaviour
The Bourke's parrot has been described as both arboreal and terrestrial; it perches and nests in trees, but also frequently lives on the ground where it can easily camouflage. The flight pattern of the Bourke's parakeet is short but swift, interspersed with gliding motions. It usually flies close to the ground in quick bursts, as it travels between trees. The bird's wing beat is minimal and produces an audible whirring sound.
In the wild the Bourke's parrot tends to live in pairs or small groups, ranging from approximately four to six. Larger flocks ranging in the hundreds are also made by the species, particularly during times of drought.
Breeding
During the nesting season, males are highly territorial, chasing away any potential intruders or threats. Breeding season for the Bourke's parrot usually occurs between the months of August and October, but can also draw out into December, depending on the season and availability of resources.
Bourke's parrots are monogamous, staying with a single partner. Their nests tend to be situated from 1 metre to 3 metres above ground level in hollow limbs of the mulga tree or other acacia species. Eggs are generally laid on a bed of decayed wood at the bottom of the tree hollow. The Bourke's parrot has a clutch of 3 to 6 eggs, which are incubated by the female for 18–19 days. During this period, she is fed by the male parrot, only leaving the nest to find water or to defecate.
Once the chicks hatch, both parents feed their young. Offspring begin fledging at about 4 weeks of age, becoming fully independent around 8 to 10 days later.
Diet
Bourke's parrots forage on the ground and in bushes for grasses and seeds, most active feeding at dusk and dawn. Due to their diet the Bourke's parrot works as a known seed disperser.
Aviculture
The Bourke's parrot is a relatively popular aviary bird. It is particularly common among new bird owners, as it is known for its quiet and passive temperament. Due to their peaceful nature, Bourke's parrots may be kept in captivity with a number of other species including finches, doves and other small parakeets.
There have been recorded instances of the Bourke's parrot producing hybrids with the scarlet-chested parrot (Neophema splendida).
Threats
The Bourke's parrot is not listed as threatened by the IUCN. The main threat faced by this particular species is predation from red foxes (Vulpes vulpes) introduced from Europe and feral cats (Felis silvestris''). Drought and clearing of watering holes can have significant impacts on the population. However, there have not been a noticeable decline in numbers; rather they are steadily increasing. This is likely due to the reasoning that their habitat is so far spread and they have little contact with predators compared to other parakeet species.
Gallery
References
Bourke's parrot
Endemic birds of Australia
Bourke's parrot
Articles containing video clips
The Employ American Workers Act (EAWA) was a component of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA, commonly called the "stimulus bill") passed by the 111th United States Congress and signed into law by Barack Obama, then President of the United States, on February 17, 2009. The Act had a validity period of two years and was set to expire on February 17, 2011. It was not renewed, hence it sunsets on February 17, 2011 and is no longer applicable.
Provisions
EAWA affected only those companies that had received funds from one of these:
The Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) that had been signed into law by George W. Bush, the previous President of the United States, on October 3, 2008
Section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act
EAWA imposed the requirement that all such companies would be classified as H-1B-dependent employers for their Labor Condition Applications, with the following caveats:
Whereas employers were exempt from the H-1B-dependency requirements when hiring for a position with an annual salary of more than $60,000 or a worker with a graduate degree, this exemption did not apply for the companies to which EAWA applied.
The rule applied to all companies where the employee had not yet started a job on H-1B. This included companies that had already received approvals on their Labor Condition Application. Such companies were only required to submit the additional information needed for the conditions of the EAWA rather than resubmit the whole LCA.
The rule did not apply to workers seeking to extend their H-1B stay.
Once a company had repaid all its Section 13 and TARP funding, it was no longer bound by these constraints and returned to being treated like other companies.
Form I-129 was modified by the USCIS to include an additional sheet asking questions about receipt of TARP and Section 13 funding and repayment of the funds.
The United States Department of the Treasury clarified that, if the Treasury merely holds warrants in an entity (such as through the Capital Purchase Program) that does not make the entity subject to EAWA.
The concept of H-1B-dependent workers, originally introduced in the American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998, was intended to apply to companies for which a substantial portion of the workforce used the H-1B. Its extension to companies that may not otherwise have a large H-1B workforce was due to concerns that government funds given to banks be used to tackle problems of unemployment and depression in the United States, rather than fund the livelihoods of foreigners.
Reception
EAWA received sharp criticism from immigration lawyers and economists who alleged that the law was an act of economically irresponsible protectionism, and that it starved companies of talented workers precisely when they needed those workers the most. An article in The Wall Street Journal noted that many students who had received confirmed job offers from financial institutions found their employers reneging on the offers due to the new restrictions.
An article in EWeek noted that these restrictions on TARP and Section 13 recipients, most of them banks and other financial institutions, would likely make it easier for workers at technology companies to get H-1B visas, given the limited number of visas allotted every year and the fierce competition for those slots.
References
Acts of the 111th United States Congress
Jayshree Sengupta (October 9, 1943 — April 19, 2020) was a noted Indian economic journalist and author. Her work focused primarily on the Indian economy and women's issues in development. She was especially concerned with the lack of social and economic recognition of women's work.
Jayshree advocated a focus on development, not on growth alone. She wrote consistently on the subject of women's economic participation and empowerment in India; she argued that national agricultural policies in India have neglected women farmers.
Her articles have appeared in English-language Indian dailies, including Times of India, Economic Times, Hindustan Times, Business Standard, and The Tribune (Chandigarh).
Jayshree authored and edited several books, including A Nation in Transition: Understanding the Indian Economy (Academic Foundation, 2007) and (edited with Sandro Sideri) The 1992 Single European Market and the Third World. She also co-authored the 1989 World Bank report, Economic Adjustment in Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Morocco, Pakistan, Tunisia, and Turkey.
Her expert opinion on the Indian economy was cited by numerous international media outlets, such as the BBC World Service (UK), and The Financial Times (UK).
At the time of her death, she was a Senior Fellow with the Observer Research Foundation (ORF).
References
1943 births
2020 deaths
20th-century Indian journalists
Indian women journalists
William Haydon (30 July 1872 – 19 April 1904) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played four first-class matches for Otago between 1895 and 1898.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1872 births
1904 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
The NASA Integrated Services Network (NISN) is a global system of communications transmission, switching, and terminal facilities that provides NASA with wide area network communications services. The NISN services that support the Space Network (SN) include real-time and mission critical Internet Protocol (IP) routed data, as well as high-rate data and video services that connect the SN ground facilities. Inter-Center mission voice communications services are also provided for management of the network and support of user missions.
See also
Ground segment
NASCOM
References
Space Network Ground Segment Sustainment (SGSS) Mission System Requirements Document (MSRD). Section 3.6.1, NISN. NASA/GSFC: November 21, 2008
NASA online
NASA facilities
Tines (; also spelled tynes), prongs or teeth are parallel or branching spikes forming parts of a tool or natural object. They are used to spear, hook, move or otherwise act on other objects. They may be made of metal, wood, bone or other hard, strong materials.
The number of tines on tools varies widely – a pitchfork may have just two, a garden fork may have four, and a rake or harrow many. Tines may be blunt, such as those on a fork used as an eating utensil; or sharp, as on a pitchfork; or even barbed, as on a trident. The terms tine and prong are mostly interchangeable. A tooth of a comb is a tine. The term is also used on musical instruments such as the Jew's harp, tuning fork, guitaret, electric piano, music box or mbira which contain long protruding metal spikes ("tines") which are plucked to produce notes.
Tines and prongs occur in nature—for example, forming the branched bony antlers of deer or the forked horns of pronghorn antelopes. The term tine is also used for mountains, such as the fictional Silvertine in The Lord of the Rings.
In chaos theory (physics, non-linear dynamics), the branches of a bifurcation diagram are called tines and subtines.
References
Tools
is a private women's college in Higashinada-ku, Kobe, Hyōgo, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1920, and it was chartered as a junior college in 1955. In 1964 it became a four-year college.
Faculties
Faculty of Letters
Department of Japanese Language and Culture
Department of English Language and Culture
Department of Multicultural Communication
Department of Creative Media Studies
Faculty of Human Sciences
Department of Psychology
Department of Childhood Development and Education
Department of Cultural Sociology
Department of Human Life Environments
Faculty of Nursing and Rehabilitation
Department of Physical Therapy
Graduate Schools
Graduate School of Humanities and Human Sciences
Master's Program in Psychology and Education
Master's Program in Sociology, Anthropology and Environmental Studies
Graduate School of Nursing
Master's Program in Nursing
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1920
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Konan Women's University
1920 establishments in Japan
Harvel is a village in Kent, England.
Harvel may also refer to:
Harvel, Illinois, a village in Illinois, United States
Harvel Township, Montgomery County, Illinois
People with the surname
Edmund Harvel, 16th-century English diplomat
Luther Harvel (1905–1986), American baseball player, scout and manager
GURPS Banestorm, written by Phil Masters and Jonathan Woodward, is a setting sourcebook for the fourth edition of the GURPS Role-playing game released in October 2005. It details a fantasy setting called Yrth that has been updated from the older GURPS Fantasy source books Orcslayer and GURPS Magic (first edition). The standard fantasy elements such as Wizards, Orcs, Elves, and Dwarves are present, along with connections to Infinite Worlds. There are also some more unusual fantastic races like the Reptile Men, and several others which can be added in as desired by the game master.
Setting
A basic premise of the setting is that magical banestorms pick up people and whole villages from other worlds (including Earth) and deposit them on Yrth. As a result, many of the societies and cultures are reminiscent of a Crusades-era Earth, albeit with magic. One significant difference this brings is that, unlike many fantasy settings, Yrth has many of the major Earth faiths as its core religions, including Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Judaism, and others.
The setting's official timeline syncs up with our own so that a "normal" campaign would be set in 2005 or 2006. The Banestorm started about 1,000 years ago when a group of "Dark Elves" completed a magical ritual designed to banish all Orcs from Yrth. The spell backfired horribly, and instead brought people from other worlds. Although the majority of Banestorm strikes occurred shortly after the initial backfire, giving the world its fantasy-medieval flavor, occasional flare-ups have occurred since then. For instance, in the 16th century, a number of humans were transported to Yrth from France, bringing with them dangerous knowledge of Protestantism, and gunpowder. The latter has since been suppressed due to concerns by the Empire of Megalos about too much technological progress.
Plot
One of the interesting things about the setting is that a different flavor of fantasy campaign can be had depending on which region of Yrth one uses. Araterre, for instance, is a seafaring nation inhabited by the descendants of those brought to Yrth from France in the 16th century. Light or no armor, swashbuckling, and courtly intrigue are the rule of the day. Sahud is the Asian mish-mash country, and would be suitable for a wuxia style game, or even something akin to Legend of the Five Rings. Some countries are almost entirely human-dominated, and others are mixed, while there are still some area completely under the control of Elves, Orcs, Dwarves, or Reptile Men.
Third Edition
In third edition GURPS, the book GURPS Fantasy covered the Yrth setting rather than being a genre toolkit. It was among the inspiration sources for the Media Computing Group of the RWTH Aachen University for the development of the REXplorer mobile game. GURPS Fantasy: Tredroy and GURPS Fantasy: Harkwood provide additional setting information about Yrth.
Major Locations
Al-Haz: Shiite Islamic
Al-Wazif: Sunni Islamic
Araterre: Island nation. 16th Century Catholicism brought into line by Banestorm Church. strong Huguenot "heresy".
Cardiel: Formed from the former Islamic Nation of Al-Kard, which was conquered by Megalos, but lost control of Cardiel. Nominally Catholic, practices tolerance of other religions.
Caithness: Catholic
Megalos: The largest nation of Yrth, Megalos is a human-dominated Christian Empire. Catholic
The Nomad Lands: Pagan
The Oceans
The Orclands: opposed to the Eternal
Sahud: Quasi-Asian nation on the northern coast of Yrth. Buddhist/Shinto
The Great Forest: Elven worship of the Eternal
The Southwestern Wilderness
Tredroy, City of Three Laws: Tredroy is a city divided between the rule of Cardiel, Al-Haz and Al-Wazif.
Zarak — The Underground Kingdom of the Dwarves. Dwarven worship of the Eternal
Publication history
GURPS Banestorm was published in 2005 for fourth edition, set in the world of Yrth.
See also
GURPS 4e Fantasy
List of GURPS books
List of campaign settings
References
External links
Banestorm at the SJGames.com catalogue
A comprehensive review of Banestorm at RPG.net.
Fantasy role-playing game supplements
Banestorm
GURPS 4th edition
Yrth
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M14".
Lines
Awa-Tachibana Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 28.6 km from the beginning of the line at . Besides the local trains on the Mugi Line, some trains of the Muroto limited express service between and also stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track. The station building is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room. Access to the platform is by means of a ramp from the station building.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways (JGR) opened Awa-Tachibana Station on 27 March 1936 as an intermediate station during the first phase of the construction of the Mugi Line when a track was built from to . On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of the Station.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 97 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Anan City Tsunomine Elementary School
Anan City Tsunomine District Disaster Prevention Park
Anan City Tsunomine Fureai Park
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1936
Anan, Tokushima
s2n is an open-source C99 implementation of the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol developed by Amazon Web Services (AWS) and released in 2015. It was developed to ensure the code—about 6,000 lines long—would be easier to review than that of OpenSSL—with 500,000 lines, 70,000 of which are involved in processing TLS.
History
s2n was released on June 30, 2015 on GitHub. AWS said that the name "s2n" stand for signal to noise as a nod "to the almost magical act of encryption—disguising meaningful signals, like your critical data, as seemingly random noise". It has been the subject of several external reviews as well as penetration testing.
It was reportedly vulnerable to Lucky Thirteen attack. In response, Amazon's s2n team said it would remove CBC-mode cipher suites and take code from BoringSSL to replace its own CBC-mode decryption. An AWS Security Blog Post said that it did not impact Amazon, AWS, or its customers because they had never been used in a production environment.
In February 2017, Amazon announced that s2n was now handling 100% of SSL traffic for Amazon S3.
Features
TLS extensions
Common TLS extensions supported by this software are Server Name Indication, Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation, and Online Certificate Status Protocol.
Cryptography
s2n supports the main ciphers in use today, such as AES in CBC and GCM modes, 3DES and RC4. It also provides support for perfect forward secrecy through Diffie–Hellman or Elliptic-curve Diffie–Hellman ephemeral keys.
Weaker ciphers and key exchange modes are disabled by default.
Language bindings
The language bindings below were not developed by AWS:
Lua: LuaJIT 2.0 binding
Python: CyS2N
References
Cryptographic software
C (programming language) libraries
Free security software
Transport Layer Security implementation
Saint Faro (or Burgundofaro; died 675 AD), Count of Guînes, was bishop of Meaux. The family to which Faro belonged is known as the Faronids and is named after him.
He is canonized as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church and Roman Catholic Church.
History
Burgundofaro was of an ancient noble Burgundian family. His father, Ageneric, was one of the principal lords at the Court of Theodebert II.
His brothers were Saint Waldebert, count of Guines, Ponthieu and Saint-Pol who became abbot of Luxeuil, and Chagnoald, who was bishop of Laon, while his sister was Saint Burgundofara, who founded the convent of Faremoûtiers. They were the children of Chagnoric, chancellor to Dagobert I.
Faro spent his youth at the court of King Theodobert II. He served his successor, Theodoric, and then Clotaire II. At court he employed his credit with the king to protect the innocent, the orphan, and the widow; and to relieve and comfort all that were in distress. On one occasion, when provoked at the insolent speeches of certain Saxon ambassadors, Clothaire had them cast them into prison, and swore he would cause them to be put to death. Faro first prevailed on him to defer the execution twenty-four hours, and afterwards not only to pardon them, but also to send them home loaded with presents.
His sister, Burgundafara, had become an abbess, and in speaking with her, Faro formed the idea of giving up court life. Blidechilde, his wife, whose consent he asked, was in the same dispositions; and they parted by mutual consent. She took the religious veil, and retired to a solitary place upon one of her own estates. Faro received the tonsure and joined the clergy of Meaux.
Faro, who inherited lands in Guines from his brother, count Waldebert, succeeded Gundoald, probably a kinsman of his, as bishop of Meaux at some time between 625 and 637. He built a monastery at Estrouanne, near the English channel port of Wissant, destroyed and burnt by Gormond and Isembart.
Saint Fiacre approached Bishop Faro, as he had a desire to live a life of solitude in the forest. Faro assigned him a site at Breuil, in the region of Brie. Here Fiacre built an oratory in honour of the Virgin Mary, a hospice in which he received strangers, and a cell in which he himself lived apart.
Notes
External links
Saints of October 28
7th-century Burgundian bishops
Bishops of Meaux
675 deaths
7th-century Frankish saints
Year of birth unknown
Colombanian saints
Walter Grant (1884 – 5 November 1961) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward.
References
1884 births
1961 deaths
People from Cleethorpes
English footballers
Association football inside forwards
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Grimsby Rangers F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Cleethorpes Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Two human polls comprised the 1962 NCAA University Division football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 4, at the end of the 1962 regular season, weeks before the bowls. The poll ranked only the top ten teams from 1962 through 1967.
Final Coaches' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on USC received 31 of the 35 first-place votes; Wisconsin received two, Ole Miss one, and Texas one.
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and AAWU (later Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
References
College football rankings
Corrhenes macmillani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gilmour in 1950.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1950
Manuel Costas Arce (1820–1883) was a Peruvian politician. He served as the first vice president from 1872 to 1876.
He served as the President of the National convention in 1855, and President of the Senate in 1883.
References
1820 births
1883 deaths
Presidents of Peru
Vice presidents of Peru
Presidents of the Senate of Peru
Presidents of the Congress of the Republic of Peru
The 1989 U.S. Figure Skating Championships took place in Baltimore, Maryland. Medals were awarded in four colors: gold (first), silver (second), bronze (third), and pewter (fourth) in four disciplines – men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing – across three levels: senior, junior, and novice.
The event determined the U.S. teams for the 1989 World Championships.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Novice results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
U.S. Figure Skating Championships
United States Figure Skating Championships, 1989
United States Figure Skating Championships, 1989
United States Figure Skating Championships
Figure Skating Championships
Boršt () is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia. The entire area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name
The name Boršt is a relatively frequent name for settlements, regions, and hills in Slovenia. It is derived from the common noun boršt 'woods, forest', borrowed from Middle High German for(e)st 'woods, forest'. Boršt was attested as sancte Margarethe 'Saint Margaret' in 1334 after the former church in the village, and as Vorst in 1438. The church fell into disrepair and was razed in 1925.
History
Roman graves have been discovered near the village, testifying to human habitation in antiquity. In 1523 the Seignory of Gradac owned two farms in Boršt. Dominiče Manor () stood to the southeast. The structure was built by Peter Dominitsch (Dominič); after his line died out, it came into the hands of the barons of Gusič, who owned the castle at Gradac. The manor later fell into decay.
References
External links
Boršt on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Metlika
Rafael Erich's cabinet was the sixth Government of Republic of Finland. The cabinet's time period was March 15, 1920 – April 9, 1921. It was a minority government.
Erich's cabinet's main task was to conclude the official peace treaty with Soviet Russia. The treaty was signed in Tartu, Estonia, on October 14, 1920. Soviet Russia recognized Finland's independence officially and its frontier between the two countries.
Assembly
References
Erich
1920 establishments in Finland
1921 disestablishments in Finland
Cabinets established in 1920
Cabinets disestablished in 1921
Lystad Bay () is a bay wide which indents the west side of Horseshoe Island, in the northeast part of Marguerite Bay, Antarctica. It was first surveyed in 1936–37 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill, and was visited by the USMS North Star and of the United States Antarctic Service in 1940. The name was proposed by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain Isak Lystad of the North Star.
References
Bays of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
His Hands is a British silent psychological thriller short film written and directed by Arron Blake and Darius Shu released in 2019 by Little Deer Films and Silverprince Pictures. It tells the story of two men of different age meeting for the strangest encounter of their lives. The film stars Arron Blake and Philip Brisebois as the film explores themes of sexuality, loneliness, ageism and identity. The film had its world premiere at Tribeca Film Festival 2019 and was nominated for Best Narrative Short. The film's streaming debut was on Amazon Prime Video.
Synopsis
Two men, totally different in both age and outlook, have the strangest encounter of their lives. A caring friend? Calculating enemy? Whose intentions are honourable? Whose is corrupt? Is the relationship compatible or incompatible? Sick or ultimately indefensible?.
Cast
Arron Blake as Young Man
Philip Brisebois as Old Man
Production
In 2018, directors Blake and Shu begun writing His Hands at the British Film Institute and wanted to push themselves to create a visually beautiful film on an inconceivable budget of just £400 for their directorial debut. Philip Brisebois was cast to play the old man in the film with Blake starring alongside and it was Brisebois comeback to acting after 50 years. The film was shot on a single camera with only a three-man crew using 95 percent natural light. Blake and Shu's aim was to create a modern silent film that was fresh and create a multi-layer thought provoking story. Blake and Shu said, “We wanted to create a film that speaks to the audience through strong performances, unusual imagery, lighting and sound."
Release
His Hands had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 28, 2019, with the cast and directors in attendance. The film was made available to stream on Amazon Prime on August 7, 2019.
Reception
Critical response
On Amazon Prime Video, the film has an approval rating of 98% based on 18 reviews, with an average rating of 5/5. Attitude magazine, reviewed His Hands (2019) calling, "It's testament to Blake and Shu's skill, direction, and cinematography that the film, which features absolutely no dialogue, manages to convey an incredible sense of mood and feeling throughout."
Mark Gatiss, the producer of Netflix-BBC television series Dracula and Sherlock, reviewed His Hands as, "A beguilingly beautiful gem, Arron Blake and Darius Shu's His Hands defies easy analysis. Shot through with strange, homoerotic melancholy it's ravishing to look at and haunts the memory long after."
Film Threat praised His Hands as, "Beautifully well shot, exuding a mysterious atmosphere in each frame. The acting and editing are both excellent, and the story's refusal to hold the audience's hand is commendable" while Unsettled Magazine reviewed His Hands as "a masterpiece built on suspense and appealing imagery."
UK Film Review gave the film 4 out of 5 stating, "The performances are really strong, Blake presents a formidable on screen presence that is loaded with palpable vigour." and that the film "benefits from a richness in ambiguity in the storytelling and bold creativity in the filmmaking. The journey is nerve shatteringly entertaining and it has superb cinematic appeal."
The Advocate magazine pointed out that, "the cinematography of His Hands offers an unnerving experience through dark, haunting images with no dialogue."
Movie Buff gave the film 4 out of 5 stars praising it to be a modern silent film and writing, "the actors had to ‘show without telling' and I felt as though they each had me gripping the edge of my chair throughout the film" and that "it is beautifully shot and looks at subject matter that is hotly debated at the moment."
FilmInk called His Hands as, "cinema in its purest form, where the audience is meant to rely solely on visual and pictorial literacy to make heads or tails of any of it ...it is art as it should be." Vulture House describe His Hands as "a wonderful work of art ...Very much like a painting in a gallery" and that it, "masters the art of what is not seen." Gscene Magazine said that, "His Hands presents us with images of torture, attraction, loneliness, ageism, androgyny and wherever else your fertile mind can take you to." HeyUGuys gave the film 4 out of 5 stars and praised the film as "beautifully written" and "the editing and directing are brilliant ... this independent film has clearly used every penny wisely."
Indie Short Mag gave the film 5 out of 5 stars with excellence in all areas in direction, cinematography, screenplay, music and editing as it "... blur lines between eroticism and violence." Viddy Well praised the film as "...cleanly composed, erotically charged, and ripe with atmosphere and oddity that you can't help but lean into it." Viddy Well also complimented Blake and Shu's direction as "...taut and controlled, with notes of Nicolas Winding Refn, David Lynch, Denis Villeneuve, and David Fincher, and all of their visuals play directly into the film's theme...His Hands is a thought-provoking short that's masterfully erected."
Blake and Shu made their live television appearance in an interview on London Live after the success of Tribeca Film Festival.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
His Hands on Amazon Prime Video
British silent short films
2019 short films
2019 films
2010s English-language films
Mark Udinski (born August 16, 1960) is a former American football center who played one season in the United States Football League (USFL) for the Pittsburgh Maulers. He played college football for Virginia Tech and was signed by the Miami Dolphins as an undrafted free agent in .
Early life and education
Mark Udinski was born on August 16, 1990, in New York City. He grew up near Wilmington, Delaware, and played high school football for Delcastle Tech. Originally playing on defense, Udinski was a fan of Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Randy White growing up. As a junior at Delcastle Tech, he earned All-State honors as a linebacker. He was known as a "savage hitter", and also won the state championship in heavyweight wrestling, compiling an undefeated record.
In February 1979, Udinski was offered a four-year scholarship offer from Virginia Tech, and accepted. He saw immediate playing time as a freshman on the offensive line, enough to earn a varsity letter. Though the team's smallest offensive lineman at 235 pounds, Udinski shared a starting position as a sophomore. He became a full-time starter as a junior, playing the center position. After the season, in which his team compiled a 7–4 record, Udinski was named the team's "most outstanding lineman of the year".
He boosted his weight to 268 pounds as a senior, but was still the lightest lineman on the team. In a team practice, Udinski placed among the team's five fastest runners in the 40-yard dash with 4.9 seconds. He earned a fourth varsity letter as a senior, again being a full-time starter at center. After the season, he was named Virginia Tech's best conditioned athlete.
Professional career
After going unselected in the 1983 NFL Draft, Udinski signed with the Miami Dolphins as an undrafted free agent, on a two-year contract. Considered a long shot to make the roster, he was released in August.
On September 27, 1983, after being recommended by Miami Dolphins coach Don Shula, Udinski was signed by the Pittsburgh Maulers of the United States Football League (USFL). At a one-day mini-camp in December, he was one of two players the team kept, out of 100 total; the other was a former teammate of his while at Virginia Tech. Though expected to be a backup, Udinski started his first career game due to an injury to the other center. In his debut, a 3–7 loss against the Oklahoma Outlaws, he was "tossed around" all game by middle guard Bob Nelson, which led to criticism by coach Joe Pendry.
After appearing in two more games, Udinski was released by the Maulers on March 17, ending his professional football career.
References
1960 births
Living people
Players of American football from New York (state)
American football centers
Players of American football from Delaware
Sportspeople from New York City
Virginia Tech Hokies football players
Miami Dolphins players
Pittsburgh Maulers players
Better by design is a business improvement programme operated by New Zealand Trade and Enterprise. The programme works with New Zealand companies to help them use design as part of their business.
Origins of the programme
In 2003 a government taskforce, including designers, academics and business people, developed a report called Success by Design, which recommended ways New Zealand businesses could become more innovative. In 2004 a Better by Design team was established within NZTE to deliver the recommended programme to export-focused businesses and the design community. The programme was initially allocated $12.5 million over four years. An initial target was set to have 50 existing businesses made more internationally competitive through design, and generating an additional $500 million in annual export earnings. The programme was extended in the 2008 government budget announcement.
Research and reactions to the programme
There have been a number of commissioned research reports and that served as input or responses to the 2003 taskforce report. Including research into the role of design in the furniture industry, research on the importance of design in business leadership and the role of government in supporting design.
The Better by Design programme has been compared to other government assistance for design and innovation. Better by Design has been included in a number of benchmarking and comparison projects to assess the impact of government intervention in innovation. The programme is also sometimes referred to when benchmarking New Zealand's international competitiveness in innovation.
Operations
The core of the programme is a privately delivered and publicly funded consulting project focussed on branding, product design and business strategy. Providers of services to the programme have included PWC, Deloitte, DesignWorks and other New Zealand design firms. Current providers of services include the Equip Design Group, BRR and PHD3 Design.
CEO Summit
The Better by Design programme also runs a periodic conference called the Better by Design CEO Summit. The conference has been held in 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2011. The conferences have attracted between 150 and 200 attendees, with approximately 200 attending in 2010.
References
External links
Better by Design web site
New Zealand Crown agents
Economy of New Zealand
The Crystal Falls Dam and Power Plant is a utility located on the Paint River off Powerplant Road, on the north side of Crystal Falls, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
History
The section of the Paint River where the dam is now located was once a series of falls and rapids that gave Crystal Falls its name. However, in 1891, the village of Crystal Falls constructed the Crystal Falls dam and power plant, effectively submerging the rapids. They were leased to C.T. Roberts from 1891 to 1896, after which the village took over management of the plant. In 1902-1903, a new power plant was constructed. The plant was expanded in 1907, and new generators were installed in 1914 and 1924. The plant was expanded several times; however, the output could not keep up with demand, and starting in 1929, Crystal Falls purchased supplemental power from the Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
After 1929, the power plant and dam were upgraded multiple times, including a 1931 installation of a new concrete dam installed containing the rollway and tainter gates and a 1996 resurfacing of the spillway. The Crystal Falls Power Plant is still operational, and is likely the oldest hydro-electric plant still in operation in the Upper Peninsula. It provides roughly 1/3 of the power demanded by the residents of Crystal Falls.
Description
The Crystal Falls Power Plant is a two-story structure measuring approximately thirty feet by sixty feet with a hipped roof. The power plant is constructed of yellow brick with sandstone trim and sits on a concrete foundation. The adjacent concrete dam spanning the Paint River measures approximately seventy-five feet long and fifteen feet high, and has four spillway sections.
References
Energy infrastructure completed in 1891
Energy infrastructure completed in 1907
Hydroelectric power plants in Michigan
Dams in Michigan
Dams completed in 1891
Buildings and structures in Iron County, Michigan
Dams on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
United States local public utility dams
1891 establishments in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Iron County, Michigan
Energy infrastructure on the National Register of Historic Places
Bursadella dichroalis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Snellen in 1880. It is found in Burma and on Sumatra.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are bright golden yellow, the forewings with the outer half black suffused with purple and with a postmedial yellow spot on the costa, its inner edge slightly angled outwards at lower end of the cell. The hindwings have the outer area black, broad at the costa, tapering to the anal angle.
References
Moths described in 1880
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Star Axis is an earthwork built by American sculptor Charles Ross to observe the stars, which is considered to be a defining example of land art. The roughly eleven-story architectonic sculpture and naked-eye observatory is situated on a mesa in the eastern plains of the New Mexico desert. It incorporates five main elements that include apertures framing several earth-to-star alignments, which allow a visitor to experience them in human scale. Ross conceived the project in 1971, began construction in 1976, and as of fall 2022, had targeted 2025 for its completion. Art historian Thomas McEvilley places the work in the lineage of monuments of archaeoastronomy such as the Great Pyramids, Stonehenge, El Caracol, Chichen Itza and the 15th-century Ulugh Beg Observatory. Curator and writer Klaus Ottmann has described Star Axis as "a summary of Ross's lifelong pursuit of the dynamics of human interaction with light and the cosmos."
Background
Charles Ross (born 1937) is known for conceptual sculpture that employs geometry, time, scientific concepts and natural processes to harness natural light and planetary motion in order to record and reveal optical, astronomical and perceptual phenomena. He initially studied physics and mathematics (BA, 1960) before turning to sculpture (MA, 1962) at University of California, Berkeley. As an artist, Ross emerged in the 1960s at the advent of minimalism and is considered a forerunner of "prism art." His bodies of work include installations in which he choreographs solar spectrum moving through architectural spaces by way of large prism sculptures that he fabricates; "Solar Burns", created by focusing sunlight through lenses onto wooden planks; paintings made with dynamite and powdered pigment; and "Star Maps."
Many of the artists associated with land art, including Ross, were involved with minimalist and conceptual art and had a connection to Virginia Dwan and the Dwan Gallery. Ross's professional relationship with Dwan began in 1967 and included exhibitions between 1968 and 1971 (when the gallery closed), their joint project, the Dwan Light Sanctuary (1996), and her longstanding financial support of Star Axis.
Description and concept
Star Axis is a complex architectural sculpture that is roughly eleven stories high, one-tenth mile wide, and composed of earth, granite, sandstone, concrete, bronze and stainless steel. It is situated on a 400-acre site within a 76,000-acre cattle ranch in the New Mexico desert. The work and its views are carefully constructed to align with astronomical phenomena, recalling ancient structures that are also aligned to the sun and stars.
The sculpture's "Star Tunnel" is the central feature, a 147-step, nine-story stairway, exactly parallel to Earth's axis. Ascending the Star Tunnel stairs, a visitor can "walk through" and experience all of the orbits of Polaris—the current north star—throughout the Earth's 26,000-year cycle of astronomical precession. When a viewer enters the Star Tunnel at bottom, the aperture at the top appears to be the size of a dime held at arm's length and frames the smallest circumpolar orbit of Polaris corresponding to the view in the year 2100 CE. As a visitor climbs the stairs, they can see increasingly larger views of the sky framing larger and larger circumpolar orbits of Polaris. The aperture is a 40-inch oculus—the width of the human field of peripheral vision when standing right in front of it. At this proximity to the aperture, at the top of the Star Tunnel stairs, it frames Polaris's largest circumpolar orbit 13,000 years from now and 13,000 years in the past.
The Star Tunnel is entered through an enormous excavation of two 30-foot-tall, curved sandstone walls rising up to an elliptical opening that traces the path Earth's axis draws throughout precession. The other chambers of Star Axis embody additional celestial phenomena. The relatively small "Equatorial Chamber" is located at the bottom of the Star Tunnel and frames the passage of the sun on the equinox through an opening at the top enabling viewers to also observe the stars that travel directly above the equator. The top third of the Star Tunnel continues into the 52-foot-high "Solar Pyramid," whose angles were determined by the summer and winter solstices. It casts shadows like a sundial, marking daily and seasonal sun movements on the bowtie-shaped, exterior "Shadow Field," which is bounded by the tracings of the longest shadow at winter solstice and the shortest at summer solstice. Inside the Solar Pyramid in the "Hour Chamber," which includes a 29-foot-high, 15˚ triangular aperture framing one hour of the earth's rotation; in that time, any given star will take sixty minutes to arc from the opening's left (west) edge to the right (east) edge, while Polaris remains at the apex due to the alignment of the structure.
Ross has called Star Axis a work of "earth/sky art," rather than land art, stating "this art, this architecture, is an instrument for perception—a place to sense how the earth's environment extends into the space of the stars." His concept involved gathering various star alignments in different time scales and building them into sculptural forms, so that enormous celestial cycles could be experienced and felt at human scale. In 1986, Michael Brenson described Ross's concept as "enabl[ing] a visual experience to involve the entire body. Walking through the tunnel and up the stairway would be, in effect, like walking into the eye of a telescope. The artist wants the natural observatory to be a doorway to the stars."
In 2021, Artforum critic Dan Beachy-Quick wrote of the effect of Star Axis, "It is this radical tension between the universe, the tool, and the human by which Star Axis gains its great power. The structure in the spare elegance of its geometry invokes the ancient temple, pyramid, ziggurat … the presence of something unfathomably larger than oneself."
History and construction
Ross conceived Star Axis in 1971, as an outgrowth of his work on a series of drawings about the Egyptian pyramids and their star alignments, which peaked an interest in the geometry of earth-star alignments, particularly the south-to-north celestial pole. He spent the next five years making drawings, consulting with astronomers and engineers, and searching the American southwest for a place within open, vast land that suggested "standing at the boundary between the Earth and the stars." In 1976, he discovered the project's site in the New Mexico desert. While driving on backroads of a private ranch, he was approached by a cowboy on horseback whose father owned the vast expanse of land; he soon secured the use of a 400-acre parcel with the owner, W.O. Culbertson Jr., a former state representative, cattle rancher and member of the National Cowboy Hall of Fame, who to Ross's surprise, sparked to his idea for a naked-eye observatory. Ross told the New York Times'''s Kay Larson that he picked this site, "because the land and sky seemed equal in weight... This piece is about having your feet on the ground and your head in the sky."
Construction began in 1976, with the building of a five-mile dirt road. Between 1976 and 1980, Ross excavated a seven-story-deep half-cone out of the mesa, seeking to "enter the Earth to reach the sky." Since starting, he has alternated between summer oversight of construction and winters in New York. When at Star Axis, he lives on-site with his wife, artist Jill O'Bryan (and during the work's first decade, with his former wife, artist Elizabeth Ginsberg). The construction has generally been undertaken with small, four-to-six-person crews and local stonemasons, several of whom have worked on the project for decades.
Ross has contributed funding to Star Axis'' through sales of his other artwork, the support of patrons like Virginia Dwan (a sponsor since its inception), and donated building materials. In more recent years, the project has also been financed with foundational support from organizations including the Andy Warhol Foundation, John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, Someland Foundation and Thaw Charitable Trust. In 2017, Ross sold a large portion of his Manhattan loft to partially finance the nonprofit Land Light Foundation, directed by O'Bryan, which has raised money for the project and will maintain the site for perpetuity.
As of fall 2022, work was ongoing with completion set for 2025/26.
References
External links
Star Axis website
Charles Ross website
Interview with Charles Ross, Museum of Old and New Art, 2018
Land art
American contemporary art
American sculpture
Outdoor sculptures in New Mexico
Nabiha Lotfy (January 28, 1937 – June 17, 2015) was a Lebanese-born actor and film director.
She was born in Sidon and attended the American University of Beirut before moving to Cairo. There, she attended the Cairo Higher Institute of Cinema, graduating in 1964. She helped establish the Association of Egyptian Women Filmmakers in 1990.
She produced more than a dozen documentaries and almost 50 feature films.
Latfy was named to the National Order of the Cedar in 2006.
She died in a hospital in Cairo after an illness of several months.
Selected filmography
Aal Yaal
Prayer in Old Cairo (1971)
Mohammad Ali Street (1989)
Karioka
References
External links
1937 births
2015 deaths
Egyptian women film directors
Lebanese film actresses
Recipients of the National Order of the Cedar
American University of Beirut alumni
People from Sidon
Nutrition in Clinical Practice is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the scientific basis and clinical application of nutrition and nutrition support research. The journal was established in 1986 with Philip Schneider as the founding editor. The current editor-in-chief is Jeanette M. Hasse. It is an official publication of the American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition and is published by Wiley.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is indexed and abstracted in the following bibliographic databases:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2020 impact factor is 3.080, ranking it 59 out of 89 journals in the category "Nutrition & Dietetics".
Editors
Philip Schneider, 1986-1995
Peggi Guenter, 1996-2000
Charles W. Van Way III, 2003-2007
Sarah Miller, 2003
Jeanette M. Hasse, 2003-present
References
External links
American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition
Wiley (publisher) academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1986
Nutrition and dietetics journals
Eugene Wesley "Rod" Roddenberry Jr. (born February 5, 1974) is an American television producer and the chief executive officer of Roddenberry Entertainment. He is the son of Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry and Majel Barrett and is an executive producer on Star Trek: Discovery, Star Trek: Picard, Star Trek: Lower Decks, Star Trek: Prodigy and Star Trek: Strange New Worlds.
Early life
Roddenberry was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of actress Majel Barrett and writer and producer Gene Roddenberry, creator of the American science fiction series Star Trek. Roddenberry went to the John Thomas Dye School in Bel Air and Harvard-Westlake School in North Hollywood. and then attended Hampshire College in the early 1990s.
As a young man, Roddenberry was not closely familiar with Star Trek, having never even watched it. In 1991, when he was 17 years old, his father died, after which he began to more closely examine Star Trek and discover "what made the series special" to its fans. Roddenberry struggled initially with his father's near legendary stature among Star Trek fans, commenting, "A son cannot identify with a mythical figure; my father was put up on this pedestal throughout my life." However, as Roddenberry heard many moving stories about his father's flaws and follies, he observed, "That allowed me, as a son, not just to connect with him, but actually love him."
Career
In 2001, Roddenberry became chief executive officer of Roddenberry Entertainment, which builds upon his father's work, and develops multimedia science fiction properties including comics, television and film projects.
In mid-2009, the Los Angeles Times reported that Roddenberry approved of the 2009-Star Trek film by J.J. Abrams. Roddenberry opined that the producers and writers "made Star Trek cool again" with the film.
In 2010, Roddenberry, an avid scuba diver since 1993, founded the Roddenberry Dive Team, to allow people "to embark on undersea experiences and discover the diversity beneath the ocean." Roddenberry leads the dive team in its exploration of underwater worlds and hopes to inspire stewardship of the world's oceans. Roddenberry, who holds a Divemaster certification, has led or participated in more than 1,000 dives from exotic locations around the world.
In October 2011, the Roddenberry Foundation, which was founded by Rod Roddenberry, made its largest gift of $5 million to the J. David Gladstone Institutes in San Francisco to establish the Roddenberry Center for Stem Cell Biology and Medicine. The Roddenberry Foundation believes that "the center's innovative technology that converts adult skin cells into life-changing stem cells will radically advance the fight against Alzheimer's and heart disease."
Roddenberry started to become directly involved in the Star Trek franchise in 2016 when he signed on as an executive producer of the TV series Star Trek: Discovery.
Filmography
References
External links
1974 births
Television producers from California
American television writers
American male television writers
Hampshire College alumni
Living people
Writers from Los Angeles
Businesspeople from San Diego
Film producers from California
Gene Roddenberry
Writers from San Diego
Harvard-Westlake School alumni
American chief executives in the media industry
Screenwriters from California
The Freedom 39 PH is an American pilothouse schooner sailboat that was designed by Ron Holland and Gary Hoyt as a cruiser and first built in 1983.
The Freedom 39 PH was introduced at the same time as the related Freedom 39 design, a boat with a similar hull, but a ketch rig and a conventional aft cockpit, without a pilothouse.
Production
The boat was built by Tillotson Pearson in the United States for Freedom Yachts, starting in 1983.
Design
The Freedom 39 PH is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass using a balsa core, with wooden trim. It is a cat-rigged schooner, with carbon-fiber conventional booms and two free-standing carbon-fiber masts. It has an aft cockpit and a low-mounted pilothouse forward of the cockpit. It features a raked stem, a slightly reverse transom, a skeg-mounted rudder controlled by a wheel and a fixed fin keel. The pilothouse has a second wheel for steering. The design displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel fitted.
The boat is fitted with a British Perkins Engines for docking and maneuvering. The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
The design has sleeping accommodations for six people. It has a private, aft, double cabin, under the cockpit, accessed from the pilothouse, a double settee berth in the pilothouse and a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin. There is a captain's chair in the pilothouse, along with a navigation station. The galley is "U"-shaped and located just aft of the bow cabin. It includes a three-burner propane stove, an oven and double sinks. There are two separate heads, one just aft of the bow cabin on the starboard side, opposite the galley and another in the aft cabin on the port side. The forward head includes a molded fiberglass shower.
Ventilation is provided by two opening ports in the aft cabin and four hatches, located over the bow cabin, the forward head, the galley and the main cabin.
All sail controls are led to the cockpit which includes two winches and sheet stoppers. The halyards, the reefing lines and the boom vang for the aft mast are all controlled from the cockpit.
Operational history
In a 1994 review Richard Sherwood wrote, "this cruiser was designed to offer the advantages of a schooner but with improved windward sailing characteristics. Since there is no forestay it cannot sag, and upwind performance is improved. The pilothouse is very low and does not block vision from the cockpit."
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Freedom 39
Similar sailboats
Baltic 40
Cal 39
Cal 39 Mark II
Cal 39 (Hunt/O'Day)
Corbin 39
Islander 40
Nautical 39
Nordic 40
References
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by Gary Hoyt
Sailboat type designs by Ron Holland
Sailboat types built by Pearson Yachts
Panaspis wahlbergii, also known commonly as the Angolan snake-eyed skink, the savannah lidless skink, and Wahlberg's snake-eyed skink, is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae. The species is widely distributed in Sub-Saharan Africa. However, it likely represents more than one species.
Etymology
The specific name, wahlbergii, is in honor of Swedish naturalist Johan August Wahlberg.
Geographic range
P. wahlbergii is found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eswatini, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. Earlier records from further north have been assigned to other species.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of P. wahlbergii is savanna, both arid and mesic.
Description
Adults of P. wahlbergii usually have a snout-to-vent length (SVL) of , and the tail is slightly longer than SVL. Males are larger than females, and the maximum recorded SVL is .
Reproduction
P. wahlbergii is oviparous. An adult female may lay a clutch of 2–6 eggs. Each egg measures on average 8 mm x 4.5 mm (0.31 in x 0.18 in). Each hatchling has a total length (including tail) of about .
References
Further reading
Smith A (1849). Illustrations of the Zoology of South Africa; Consisting Chiefly of Figures and Descriptions of the Objects of Natural History Collected during an Expedition into the Interior of South Africa, in the Years 1834, 1835, and 1836; Fitted out by "The Cape of Good Hope Association for Exploring Central Africa:" Together with a summary of African Zoology, and an Inquiry into the Geographical Ranges of Species in that Quarter of the Globe. [Volume III. Reptilia.] London: Lords Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury. (Smith, Elder and Co., printers). 48 Plates + unnumbered pages of text + Appendix. (Cryptoblepharus wahlbergii, new species, Appendix, p. 10).
Spawls, Stephen; Howell, Kim; Hinkel, Harald; Menegon, Michele (2018). Field Guide to East African Reptiles, Second Edition. London: Bloomsbury Natural History. 624 pp. . (Panaspis wahlbergi, p. 165).
Panaspis
Skinks of Africa
Reptiles of Angola
Reptiles of Botswana
Reptiles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Reptiles of Eswatini
Reptiles of Mozambique
Reptiles of Southern Africa
Reptiles of Zambia
Reptiles of Zimbabwe
Reptiles described in 1849
Taxa named by Andrew Smith (zoologist)
Kiowa County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,446, making it the fifth-least populous county in Colorado. The county seat is Eads. The county was named for the Kiowa Nation of Native Americans.
History
Sand Creek massacre
On November 29, 1864, more than a decade before Colorado became a state and long before Kiowa County was formed, a massacre of Native Americans—a group of old men, women, and children—occurred on Sand Creek that initially was greeted as a victory in the Colorado War against hostile Indians; within months, Congressional inquiries revealed a different picture, and a national scandal erupted. It happened in what is now Kiowa County and is known as the Sand Creek Massacre.
Territorial Governor John Evans eventually lost his job for his part in setting up the incident, and Colonel John Chivington, commander of the U.S. forces, was castigated by the United States Congress, and the scandal followed him for the rest of his life. Evans would go on to make significant important contributions to the early Denver community, and while Chivington also made some, his reputation remained tainted, while Evans is still honored today.
The location was not positively identified until 1999, and in 2005, the National Park Service established the Sand Creek Massacre National Historic Site. Currently, the facilities include a small visitor's center, two walking trails, signage, and monuments overlooking the massacre site. The massacre site itself is off-limits to visitors.
Railroad and agriculture in the 1880s
In the late 1880s, eastern Colorado attracted a lot of attention by farming interests that didn't yet know that long-term agriculture was unsustainable in this arid landscape, and the railroads were snaking west across the plains towards the gold fields of the Rocky Mountains during the Colorado Gold Rush. The Missouri Pacific Railroad crossed into what would soon become Kiowa County, Colorado, from Kansas in 1887.
Several small camps for railroad workers were established just over the border from Kansas, and beginning after the town of Sheridan Lake, new towns and camps were sequentially named, alphabetically, starting with "A" and proceeding westward along the railroad line.
Arden, Brandon, Chivington, Diston, Eads, Fergus, Galatea, Haswell, Inman, Joliet, and Kilburn appeared one after another, some developing into towns, others being only a pipe dream in the eyes of developers. Chivington was intended as a major watering stop for the railroad (a 60-room, $10,000 "crown jewel" hotel was initially built there), but the water was too alkaline to use and the trains instead stopped in Kansas to tank up. The hotel was soon torn down, its materials shipped to other Colorado locations to use in constructing other facilities—a common occurrence in late 19th century Colorado, as boom towns went bust.
Kiowa County was established in 1889, taking its name from the Kiowa Indians who lived in eastern Colorado before the Europeans arrived. Sheridan Lake was the county seat of Kiowa County and was not at first a stop on the railroad line; only after local citizens built a railroad depot and turned it over to the Missouri Pacific did the railroad build a telegraph station and make Sheridan Lake a stop. The county seat moved to rival Eads in 1902.
Kiowa County today
Agriculture in eastern Colorado collapsed in the dust bowl days of the 1930s; today mostly dry-land farms and some ranching interests survive. Colorado's Front Range cities and agriculture interests upstream have acquired most of the water rights, and the groundwater aquifers are drying up. Kiowa County faces ever-decreasing water supplies and further economic decline.
It is conceivable that much of the county will eventually revert to its original sparse grassland and prairie conditions of the pre-1880s.
Today Eads, along the old railroad line, is the largest town in the county. It is the Kiowa county seat, serves the surviving farming and ranching interests, and hosts the county's largest high school. Sheridan Lake does have a combined junior-and-senior high, and still surviving in some forms are the towns of Towner, Arlington, Brandon, Chivington, and Haswell.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water.
Significant drainage basins in the county are Adobe-Johns Creek and Mustang Creek which drain the county's
western part, Rush Creek and Big Sandy Creek in the central part and Wildhorse,
Buffalo, and White Woman Creeks in the eastern part. The draws tend to be
intermittent, however Adobe-Johns, Rush and Big Sandy Creeks have small continuous flows during
wetter years. Each of these creeks ultimately drain to the Arkansas River.
Adjacent counties
Cheyenne County - north
Greeley County, Kansas - east
Bent County - south
Prowers County - south
Otero County - southwest
Crowley County - west
Lincoln County - northwest
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 287
U.S. Highway 385
State Highway 96
National protected area
Sand Creek Massacre National Historic Site
Bicycle route
TransAmerica Trail Bicycle Route
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,622 people, 665 households, and 452 families residing in the county. The population density was 1 people per square mile (2.59/km2). There were 817 housing units at an average density of 0.457 per square mile (0.177/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.12% White, 0.49% Black or African American, 1.11% Native American, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 1.42% from other races, and 0.80% from two or more races. 3.14% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 665 households, out of which 28.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.60% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.00% were non-families. 29.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.90% under the age of 18, 7.30% from 18 to 24, 24.70% from 25 to 44, 24.60% from 45 to 64, and 17.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,494, and the median income for a family was $35,536. Males had a median income of $26,136 versus $18,897 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,382. About 9.60% of families and 12.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.50% of those under age 18 and 13.80% of those age 65 or over.
Over six percent of the population were Quakers–one of the highest percentages in the country.
Politics
Kiowa is, like all of the High Plains, an overwhelmingly Republican county. The last Democrat to carry it was Lyndon Johnson in 1964, and since 1980 only Michael Dukakis in 1988–during a major farm crisis brought upon by drought–has topped 30% of the county's vote for the Democratic Party. Indeed, the past six Democrats have not passed 22% of the county's vote, and both Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden barely reached double figures.
Communities
Towns
Eads
Haswell
Sheridan Lake
Census-designated places
Brandon
Towner
Other unincorporated places
Arlington
Chivington
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kiowa County, Colorado
References
External links
Kiowa County Government
Kiowa County information
Kiowa County history
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
Colorado placenames of Native American origin
1889 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
The SS Spartan is a railroad car ferry on Lake Michigan owned by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) from 1952 through 1979. It alternated routes from Ludington, Michigan, to Milwaukee, Kewaunee, and Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
Commissioning and early history
The C&O fully absorbed the Pere Marquette Railway in 1947, inheriting the car ferry service already established in Ludington. The division became known as the "Pere Marquette District" of the C&O railroad. There were already several car ferries working out of Ludington at the time, including the Pere Marquette 21 and Pere Marquette 22, the City of Saginaw 31 and City of Flint 32, and the . C&O decided to improve its ferry fleet by adding two new ships. While similar in design to the immensely popular City of Midland 41, the new ships would have several notable design changes, such as a full-width pilot house that gave the crew an almost 360-degree view, and new lifeboat davits that freed up deck space.
Hull 369, which would become the Spartan began construction in late 1950 by the Christy Corporation of Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin. She was launched on 4 January 1952 without fanfare; the was being built at the same time, and the owners preferred a double-christening ceremony. During construction, many cities on both sides of Lake Michigan lobbied for their names to go on the new ships, as was the tradition with previous Pere Marquette car ferries (i.e. City of Midland 41). C&O decided that fewer feelings would be hurt if the twin ferries were named Spartan and Badger, after the mascots of Michigan State University (then Michigan State College) and the University of Wisconsin. The ships were christened on 6 September 1952 after the Badger was successfully launched. The Spartan completed her sea trials on 27 September 1952 and was delivered to C&O on 23 October. She was the first carferry to enter Ludington's harbor since a strike idled C&O boats on 4 July. The strike ended at noon on 25 October. Six hours later, Spartan entered service when she departed Ludington for Kewaunee, Wisconsin.
Abandonment and the final years
In the mid-1970s, the C&O railway decided that the car ferries were no longer profitable to operate and petitioned the Interstate Commerce Commission to allow them to abandon the ferry routes. There were only three ferries left in service by this point: the City of Midland 41 (built in 1940), the Badger, and the Spartan. In 1978, C&O was granted permission to systematically eliminate its ferry routes. There was no longer a need for three ferries, and in September 1979 the Spartan was laid up in Ludington. In spring 1980 she was steamed up again to run as part of a lease agreement with the Ann Arbor Railroad, then operated by the Michigan Interstate Railway, out of Frankfort, Michigan, but was abandoned after it was discovered Frankfort harbor was too shallow for the Spartan. The ship was tied up at Ludington's number slip for many years. She has since been moved to number slip.
Today
In 1992, Ludington resident Charles Conrad formed Lake Michigan Carferry Service and acquired all three boats. Originally, he planned begin service with the Badger then they would have the Spartan join her as demand increased. While demand for the new service had been steady over the years, it never quite reached level required for a second ferry. The SS Spartan today sits at Ludington's slip, one of the last of the true railroad-car ferries remaining. Due to the rarity of her coal-burning Skinner Unaflow steam engines that she and the Badger share, the Spartan has been used frequently as a parts ship to keep her twin running. There were also occasions she had been used for police training. In the early 2000s, when a new passenger ferry service was proposed from Muskegon, Michigan to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Lake Michigan Carferry (the owners of the Badger and Spartan since 1992) proposed a diesel-converted Spartan as the ship of choice for the run. But that proposal was rejected in favor of the high-speed Lake Express.
In December 2020, the Spartan was sold to Interlake Steamship Company. The deal also includes the City of Midland 41 and the SS Badger. It was a part of a larger sale of assets. Interlake is based in Middleburg Heights, Ohio.
In late 2021, Lake Michigan Carferry General Manager Sara Spore said that they had engineers conduct a survey of the Spartan in order to see what they can do with her, if anything.
See also
Charles F. Conrad
References
External links
Ferries of Michigan
Ferries of Wisconsin
Transportation in Manitowoc County, Wisconsin
Transportation in Mason County, Michigan
U.S. Route 10
1952 ships
Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Car Ferries
Passenger ships of the Great Lakes
Wilhelmine Maria Franziska Neruda (1838–1911), also known as Wilma Norman-Neruda and Lady Hallé, was a Moravian virtuoso violinist, chamber musician, and teacher.
Life and career
Born in Brno, Moravia, then part of the Austrian Empire, Neruda came from a musical family. Her grandfather was the noted Bohemian composer Johann Baptist Georg Neruda (1708–1780), and her father, Josef Neruda (1807–1875), was the organist of the cathedral of Brno. Her father taught her piano, yet she desired to play the violin. At the time, the violin was considered better suited for men, and therefore it was uncommon for women to study the violin. Apparently, Josef caught his daughter playing on her older brother's violin in secret and was so surprised at her natural ability that he allowed her to study violin instead. Neruda, like many other influential musicians of the 19th century, was a child prodigy. Several of Neruda's siblings, including Maria Neruda and Franz Xaver Neruda, were also child prodigies in their own right, and pursued professional musical careers in adulthood. During her career as a child prodigy, Neruda's birth year was reported in different years, between 1838 and 1840. Lying about the age of a child musician wasn't uncommon; the appearance of being younger made their talents seem more impressive.
The family moved to Vienna, where she studied with Leopold Jansa (1795–1875), a professor at the University of Vienna. Jansa apparently overheard Wilma playing the violin while visiting the Neruda household and insisted she study violin with him, despite her age and gender. She made her first public appearance as a solo violinist in Vienna at the age of seven, playing a violin sonata by Johann Sebastian Bach. The talented Neruda children began touring Europe performing programs of chamber music. These concerts were received with considerable enthusiasm, and audiences especially favored Wilma's technical facilities and musical maturity.
At the age of 11, Neruda made her solo debut with the London Philharmonic Orchestra, performing a violin concerto by Charles August de Bériot.
Neruda married the Swedish musician Ludvig Norman (1831–1885) in Stockholm in 1864 and had two sons. Their marriage would unfortunately prove to be an unhappy one. However, as a devout Catholic, Neruda did not believe in divorce. As their relationship further deteriorated, Neruda moved to London. The remainder of their marriage would be spent apart, until Ludvig Norman's death in 1885.
Neruda married the German-English pianist and conductor Charles Hallé (1819–1895) in 1888. The two had met and performed together years prior on various chamber music tours, and stayed in regular correspondence. When he was knighted later in 1888, Wilma Neruda adopted the title Lady Hallé. Neruda's second marriage would be happy, but unfortunately short. Charles and Lady Hallé toured as a piano and violin duo with great success, in Europe, South Africa and Australia.
Throughout her life, Wilma Neruda was an avid chamber musician. Following some encouragement from Henri Vieuxtemps, she joined a Monday Popular Concert series in London with a string quartet, where she led from the first violin position except for when her lifelong friend Joseph Joachim was visiting and took this position.
Tragedy would strike Neruda's life at the end of the 19th century. In 1895, shortly after returning to London following a tour in South Africa with Lady Hallé, Charles Hallé died suddenly. He was internationally acclaimed, and his death was considered a great loss, especially to the British public. The British government gifted Lady Hallé a Palazzo in Asolo, Italy, where she moved to live with her son, Ludvig, who was an alpinist. Yet again, a sudden and tragic death would affect Neruda: Ludvig died in a tragic accident in 1898 while climbing in the Dolomites. Despite the loss of her second husband and son, she embarked on a tour in the United States and Canada the year following Ludvig's death in 1899 and reportedly wore black during her performances there, as a tribute to her late son.
At the age of sixty, Neruda decided to retire from concertizing and subsequently moved to Berlin to begin a teaching career. In an interview, she revealed she had only studied with one master, Leopold Jansa, and discouraged anyone from seeking study with multiple teachers: "I thoroughly disapprove of the system of changing schools so prevalent just now. One master should only train and develop the flexible, impressionable growth of interpretation, so that the young shoots in the form of impressions may not wander adrift in the ocean of infinity."
Neruda spent the last years of her life traveling between London and Berlin. Queen Alexandra appointed her Violinist to the Queen in 1901. She died in 1911 in Berlin, aged 73.
Legacy
Due to Neruda's tremendous success as an international soloist, the subsequent 20th century saw an explosion in the number of female violinists. Henri Vieuxtemps, Pablo de Sarasate, James Scott Skinner, and Niels Gade dedicated compositions to her, among other composers.
Neruda was a first-rate soloist, and her performances were met with considerable critical acclaim. While touring as a soloist in Russia, the 14-year- old Neruda performed at the same concert as a 17-year-old Henryk Wieniawski in Moscow. Neruda was given a bouquet from Henri Vieuxtemps, and the audience gave her an enthusiastic ovation. Wieniawski became jealous and attempted to come back onstage to prove he was the superior violinist, but was restrained by some individuals, including a Russian general. Wieniawski prodded the general with his bow to move out of his way, a serious affront that led to Wieniawski's immediate dismissal from Moscow. Such a disrespectful act to a high-ranking military individual could have brought a far worse punishment. Nevertheless, Neruda regularly performed works by Wieniawski throughout her career.
While Neruda owned multiple violins, she performed most regularly on a Stradivarius violin from 1709. "Lady Hallé" Stradivarius (as it is known today) was previously owned by Heinrich Wilhelm Ernst, before falling into her hands.
Joseph Joachim was a great admirer of Neruda's violin playing; in 1870 he wrote to his wife "I like her very much...Her playing is more to my taste than that of any other contemporary – unspoilt, pure and musical." He also said regarding Neruda's playing: "People will think more of her, and less of me." Joachim and Neruda performed Bach's Double Violin Concerto together at a St James' Hall Monday Popular Concert in April 1892. Both Joachim and Neruda were life-long friends, and held much respect for one another. Neruda performed at Joachim's memorial service following his death in 1907.
In A Study in Scarlet by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes (himself a violinist) attends a solo performance given by Neruda, where afterwards he raves about her bow control. Some sources, also, note that due to Conan Doyle's novel was that Chilean poet Pablo Neruda had adopted his pen name, instead spread story that was inspired by Czech writer Jan Neruda.
Name changes
Wilma Neruda was known in the public by several different names throughout her life. The names Neruda went by throughout her life include (in chronological order): Wilhelmine Maria Franziska Neruda, Wilma Neruda, Wilma Norman-Neruda, Lady Hallé. As was common practice, most of her name changes were reflections of her marriages. She retained Norman-Neruda even after the death of her first husband, Ludvig Norman.
References
Further reading
Robert W. Eshbach, "Wilhelmine Maria Franziska Norman-Neruda, Lady Hallé, in Die Tonkunst, April 2011, Nr. 2, Jg. 5 (2011),
, pp. 191–195.
External links
New York Times reports her 71st birthday, Sunday, April 17, 1910
New York Times, October 9, 1898 reports on death of Wilma Neruda's son.
biography by Henry Charles Lahee
biography
1838 births
1911 deaths
Musicians from Brno
Czech classical violinists
Women classical violinists
19th-century classical violinists
19th-century Czech musicians
19th-century Czech women musicians
20th-century classical violinists
20th-century Czech women musicians
Eitan Reiter (born December 3, 1982) is an Israeli musician and producer. Eitan has released seven studio albums, one in his solo project under his own name, one album with Sebastian Mullaert ex minilogue, four studio albums as LOUD with Kobi Toledano, and one album as Unoccupied with Nadav Katz.
Early years
He was born in Haifa, Israel and since he was a young boy he followed his father, a classical guitar player and an acoustic guitar collector to this day. He played guitar with his father, which was his gateway to his love of music. During these years, Reiter was inspired by the sounds of synthesizers and started making music in his parents' house at the age of 16 on his computer with Impulse Tracker.
Music
Solo Project
Reiter runs a successful solo project. He has appeared on many successful EP, Vinyl, and Compilation releases by record labels all over the world, including Aleph Zero, Platipus music, Digital Structures, and Mule Musique. Reiter released his first solo album titled Places I miss that I haven't been to through Aleph Zero Records, some of the tracks in this album became hits and even got a remix from J.viewz Reiter's musical range is wide and cross genre, he even got the opportunity to remix Balkan Beat Box song Look Them Act with Ori Rousso. Nowadays Reiter working on his second studio album, where he collaborates with leading musicians from all around the world.
Collaboration with Sebastian Mullaert
Reiter's most recent project is a collaboration with Sebastian Mullaert from minilogue. After working together for a while they released the album Reflection of Nothingness. They are working together on their next studio album.
LOUD
Reiter's leading project is the Electronic music band LOUD, together with Record Producer & Sound Engineer Kobi Toledano they have been producing original electronic music since 2006, blending old school roots with cutting-edge fresh new psychedelic sounds. They currently have 4 studio albums together and they are working on the 5th studio album which is going to be released in Nano Records.
Collaboration with A. Balter
This collaboration between Reiter and A. Balter happened in a land where Psy-trance reigns supreme and at a timing which the Psychedelic scene was boiling hot. They created something different, something unique with different texture, bringing the Techno scene and the Minimal music to the Israeli consciousness. Both have managed to produce together super fresh sounds that build on fine tune elements from an array of difference genres. They signed almost immediately in the known label Digital Structures and released together massive hits that landed directly on the dance-floors all around the globe.
Unoccupied
Reiter had a recording studio near his home town where he was producing his own music, Reiter had so shared his studio time and it was shared with Nadav Katz which is a very talented Audio mastering and Audio engineer which was a part of mixing first 3 albums by LOUD. It was just a matter of time until both of them will produce together and then Unoccupied formed and they released Everyday Life album. Unoccupied paints a vivid picture of daily reality and combines the electronic and the acoustic, downtempo electronica and soft rock, ambient pop and alternative music, and is called "captivating music for everyday life".
Mixing/Sound Production/Engineering
Reiter has produced for a large number of musicians.
Beside producing for musicians Reiter also created music for commercials, movies and applications. His music performed in several commercials like Castro, Gindi Holdings & Hamat, as well as mobile application infomercials like Any.do and Chegg. Reiter also produced music for a short Israeli documentary film called Sea Sick, a short animation movie by Liat Koren and his massive hit Ups & Downs which has been re-edited by Perfect Stranger has been featured in Artificial Paradises a Brazilian drama movie.
Discography
Studio albums
Eitan Reiter – Places I Miss That I Haven't Been To, Style: Ambient, Downtempo, 2010. Aleph-Zero
Eitan Reiter - Give it Life, Style: Electronic, Downtempo, 2017. Armadillo UK
Collaboration albums
Eitan Reiter & Sebastian Mullaert – Reflections Of Nothingness, Style: Techno, 2014. Mule-Musiq
LOUD [Eitan Reiter feat. Kobi Toledano] – No More X Style: Psy Trance, Electronica, 2012. Nano Records
LOUD [Eitan Reiter feat. Kobi Toledano] – Free From Conceptual Thoughts, Style: Psy Trance, 2010. Drive Records
LOUD [Eitan Reiter feat. Kobi Toledano] – Abstract, Style: Psy Trance, 2008. Drive Records
LOUD [Eitan Reiter feat. Kobi Toledano] – Some Kind of Creativity, Style: Psy Trance, 2006. Drive Records
Unoccupied [Eitan Reiter feat. Nadav Katz] – Everyday Life, Style: Electronica, 2007. Aleph-Zero
EPs/Compilations
Eitan Retier – Ups & Downs
Eitan Reiter & Perfect Stranger – Lizzard
Eitan Reiter & A. Balter – iRich
Eitan Reiter – Smile Dance Remixes
Eitan Reiter & A. Balter – Vuvuzela
Eitan Reiter & A. Balter – Komodo Dragon
Eitan Reiter – Smile
Eitan Reiter & A. Balter – Happy Fat Kids
Eitan Reiter & A. Balter – Second Chance
Eitan Reiter & Perfect Stranger – The Bite
Eitan Reiter & A. Balter – EOE
Eitan Reiter & A. Balter – Ups & Downs Remixes
Eitan Reiter & Ido Ophit – Pipeline Music
Production Equipment
References
External links
Eitan Reiter Official Site
Eitan Reiter on Facebook
Eitan Reiter on SoundCloud
Eitan Reiter on YouTube
1982 births
Living people
Israeli electronic musicians
Israeli musicians
Israeli psychedelic trance musicians
Tracker musicians
Maud Naftel (1856–1890) was a British watercolourist.
Life
Naftel was born in 1856, the daughter of Isabel Oakley and Paul Jacob Naftel who were both watercolour painters. She has been reported as an only child but it is thought that another artist named Isabel Naftel was her sister. Maud was trained in painting by her father, at the Slade School of Fine Art and by Carolus-Duran in Paris.
Naftel exhibited at the Dudley Art Gallery and with their Society. She was considered to the "only true" flower painter as her parents, her sister and her two painting aunts had different or wider painting interests. Her illustrated book "Flowers and How to Paint Them" was published in 1886 and it became a standard work.
Naftel died in London in 1890 at her father's home in Chelsea. She was one of the first people to be cremated at Woking Crematorium. She had been a member of the Cremation Society of Great Britain.
References
1856 births
1890 deaths
19th-century English women artists
19th-century English painters
English watercolourists
Alumni of the Slade School of Fine Art
Women watercolorists
Omethidae is a family of Elateroidea sometimes known as the false soldier beetles.
Classification and taxonomy
There are some 40 species in 11 genera, divided into four subfamilies. Long-lipped beetles (Telegeusinae) were formerly treated as a family Telegeusidae but are most recently treated as a subfamily within Omethidae. According to other recent studies, Phengodidae might possibly include (or be sister taxon to) the telegeusines.
Subfamily Driloniinae
Drilonius
Subfamily Matheteinae
Ginglymocladus
Matheteus
Subfamily Omethinae
Blatchleya
Malthomethes
Omethes
Symphyomethes
Troglomethes
Subfamily Telegeusinae
Pseudokarumia
Pseudotelegeusis
Telegeusis
References
Elateroidea
Beetle families
Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless are American screenwriters, best known for writing films together, like Dracula Untold, The Last Witch Hunter, Gods of Egypt and Morbius.
Career
In August 2008, Sazama and Sharpless were hired by Sony Pictures Entertainment to write the script for the film adaptation of Flash Gordon, with Breck Eisner attached as director.
In January 2011, 20th Century Fox hired Sazama and Sharpless to adapt Atari's 1980s arcade game Missile Command. In August 2011, Universal hired Sazama and Sharpless to write the script for a feature film based on the Hasbro board game Clue. In September 2011, Chernin Entertainment bought an untitled pitch by Sazama and Sharpless, which was described as a futuristic Jungle Book.
Sazama and Sharpless wrote the script for the 2014 horror fantasy film Dracula Untold, starring Luke Evans, Sarah Gadon, and Dominic Cooper. The film was directed by Gary Shore and released in the United States by Universal Pictures on October 10, 2014.
Sazama and Sharpless also re-wrote Cory Goodman's original draft of the 2015 fantasy thriller film The Last Witch Hunter, starring Vin Diesel, Elijah Wood, Rose Leslie, Julie Engelbrecht, and Michael Caine. Breck Eisner directed the film, which was released on October 23, 2015 by Summit Entertainment.
In addition, Sazama and Sharpless wrote the screenplay for the fantasy action film Gods of Egypt, starring Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Brenton Thwaites, Gerard Butler, and Geoffrey Rush. The film, directed by Alex Proyas, was released on February 26, 2016 by Lionsgate.
In November 2015, Netflix announced a remake of the 1965 TV series Lost in Space, hiring Sazama and Sharpless to write. Sazama and Sharpless contributed to the story of the 2017 Power Rangers reboot. In 2017, it was announced that Sony Pictures hired the duo to pen the script for the film adaptation of Marvel Comics character, Morbius, the Living Vampire. The movie is part of their shared universe titled Sony Pictures Universe of Marvel Characters. They are also set to write a film adaptation of Madame Web for 2023.
Future projects
In June 2015, Walt Disney Pictures hired Sazama and Sharpless to write a live-action adaptation of the Night on Bald Mountain sequence from the 1940s animated film Fantasia, which they would also executive produce.
Filmography
Film
Television
Lost in Space (2018–2021) (showrunners and executive producers)
References
External links
American male writers
American male screenwriters
American screenwriters
American television producers
American television writers
Screenwriting duos
Garraway Hotel is a hotel located on the quayside of Roseau, Dominica. It lies between the Fort Young Hotel (to the east) and right next to The Dominica Museum (to the west). In the colonial period this area was part of the Fort Young from 1770. This hotel was built in 1994. Located in a mint green and white building, the five-storey hotel contains 31 rooms and is operated by the Garraway family. The hotel contains an interior courtyard, rooftop terrace, the Balisier Creole cuisine restaurant on the second floor, a duty-free shop on the ground floor and the Ole Jetty Bar.
The rooms are fitted with king-sized beds or double beds, with rattan furniture and floral-print fabrics.
See also
List of hotels in the Caribbean
References
External links
Official site
Hotel buildings completed in 1994
Hotels established in 1994
Hotels in Dominica
Roseau
1994 establishments in Dominica
William Montgomerie Bell (29 January 1813 – 16 September 1867) was a merchant and politician in colonial Victoria, Australia. He was Mayor of Melbourne in 1848 and 1849 and represented the district of Evelyn in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from January to March 1860.
References
1813 births
1867 deaths
English emigrants to colonial Australia
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Mayors and Lord Mayors of Melbourne
19th-century Australian politicians
Mary Thompson may refer to:
Mary Thompson (businesswoman), African American saloon and brothel owner
Mary Anne Thompson (1776–1852), mistress of Frederick, Duke of York
Mary C. Thompson (died 2001), Dean of Damavand College in Tehran
Mary Clark Thompson (1835–1923), philanthropist and wife of banker Frederick Ferris Thompson
Mary E. Thompson, Canadian statistician
Mary Elizabeth Thompson (1855–1953), American prostitute and dance hall girl
Te Ata Fisher (1895–1995), born Mary Frances Thompson
Mary Gabrielle Thompson (born 1948), Australian politician
Mary Harris Thompson (1829–1895), founder, head physician and surgeon of the Chicago Hospital for Women and Children
Mary Jean Thompson, American honorary consul
Mary Wilson Thompson, Delaware civic leader
See also
Mary Thompson-Jones, senior Foreign Service Officer in the United States' Department of State
Mary Thomson (disambiguation)
Thompson (disambiguation)
Veterok Rock () is a prominent rock just north of Spraglegga Ridge in the Payer Mountains of Queen Maud Land. It was mapped from air photos and surveys by Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60, and later remapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, and named in commemoration of the achievement of Soviet scientists in the study of space.
Rock formations of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Two human polls comprised the 1985 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
The Veragrī (Gaulish: *Ueragrī/Weragrī, 'super-warriors'; Greek: ) were a Gallic tribe dwelling around present-day Martigny, in the Pennine Alps, during the Iron Age and the Roman period.
Along with the Nantuates, Seduni and Uberi, they were part of the Vallenses, a group of tribes living between Lake Geneva and the Pennine Alps, in the modern Canton of Valais (Switzerland).
Name
They are mentioned as Veragros by Caesar (mid-1st c. BC), uer agri by Livy (late 1st c. BC), Ou̓áragroi (Οὐάραγροι) by Strabo (early 1st c. AD), Varagri by Pliny (1st c. AD), Ouarágrous (Οὐαράγρους) by Cassius Dio (3rd c. AD), and as Veragros (var. beragros, ueragres) by Orosius (early 5th c. AD).
The Gaulish ethnonym *Ueragrī/Weragrī (sing. *Ueragros/Weragros) has been translated as 'super-warriors'. It stems from the Celtic root *uer(o)/wer- ('super'; cf. Old Irish for-, Old Welsh guar; from PIE *uper-) attached to the noun agros ('battle, carnage'; cf. Old Irish ár, Old Breton air; from PIE *h₂eǵro- 'hunt'). Christian-Joseph Guyonvarc'h has also proposed to interpret the name as 'great hunters'.
The river-name Veraglasca, located in their settlement area, derives from the ethnic name Veragri extended by a sko-suffix.
Geography
Territory
The Veragri dwelled in the Pennine Alps, near a trade route connecting ancient Valais to the Italian Peninsula, where they organized traffic over the Great St Bernard Pass. Their territory was located south of the Nantuates, west of the Seduni and Uberi, northeast of the Allobroges, and north of the Salassi, on the other side of the Alps.
After the Roman conquered the region in 16–15 BC, their territory was initially administered in common with the province of Raetia et Vindelicia under a legatus, when they had their own civitas within the administrative region of Vallis Poenina. Following their integration into the Alpes Graiae et Poeninae by Claudius (41–54 AD), whose procurator occasionally had a residence in Octodurus, their chief town became the capital of the newly created civitas Vallensium, shared with the other Vallensian tribes.
Settlements
Their chief town was known as Octodurus (modern Martigny), whence the Veragri were called Octodurenses by Pliny. Mentioned by Caesar in the mid-1st century BC, the settlement was at that time a vicus (village) located in the plain of Martigny, at the foot of the Great St Bernard Pass.
Between 41 and 47 AD, the Romans founded a new settlement in the vicinity of Octodurus. Initially called Forum Claudii Augusti and soon renamed Forum Claudii Vallensium, it became the chief town of the civitas Vallensium and the Alpes Poeninae, one of the two divisions of the province of Alpes Graiae et Poeninae. During the Late Roman Empire, the name Octodurus, which had never ceased to be used by locals, came to designate the Roman settlement in official documents. Still prosperous by the late 4th century thanks to its strategic position near the Great St Bernard Pass, the settlement eventually declined from the early 5th century onwards, probably due to economic decline and insecurity. Between 549 and 585, Octodurus was eventually outshined by the nearby Sion, which replaced it as the host of the local episcopal see.
History
In 57–56 BC, the Veragri were attacked by Caesar's legate Sulpicius Galba at the Battle of Octodurus.
They are mentioned by Pliny the Elder as one of the Alpine tribes conquered by Rome in 16–15 BC, and whose name was engraved on the Tropaeum Alpium.
References
Primary sources
Bibliography
Historical Celtic peoples
Gauls
Tribes involved in the Gallic Wars
Tribes of pre-Roman Gaul
Ancient Switzerland
Martigny
At the 1900 Summer Olympics, a polo tournament was contested. Matches were held on 28 May, 31 May, and 2 June. Five teams competed. Most of the teams were of mixed nationality, with British and French athletes competing on three teams. There was no playoff for third place.
Background
The "Olympic" polo tournament, or the "Grand Prix International d'Exposition", was one of multiple polo tournaments played in Paris in late May and early June 1900. It was the first time that polo was played at the Olympics; the sport would appear again in 1908, 1920, 1924, and 1936. Each time, the tournament was for men only.
Competition format
The competition was a single elimination tournament, with no third place match. Teams did not have to consist of entirely players from a single nation at the time, with most of the teams competing being mixed. Further, players were apparently permitted to play for multiple teams during the same tournament, as Maurice Raoul-Duval played for both Bagatelle and Compiègne.
Participating nations
A total of 20 players from 4 nations competed at the Paris Games:
Results
Rosters
Foxhunters Hurlingham
BLO Polo Club Rugby
Bagatelle Polo Club de Paris
Mexico National Polo Team
Compiègne Polo Club
Medal table
All four medals were won by mixed teams. Great Britain had competitors on the gold, the silver and one of the bronze medal teams, the United States on the gold, the silver medal teams and one of the bronze medal teams. France had players on the silver and one of the bronze medal teams, while Mexico had three players on the other bronze medal team.
Notes
References
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Polo 1900". Accessed 25 February 2006. Available electronically at .
1900 in polo
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
Kinaesthetics (or kinesthetics, in American English) is the study of body motion, and of the perception (both conscious and unconscious) of one's own body motions. Kinesthesis is the learning of movements that an individual commonly performs. The individual must repeat the motions that they are trying to learn and perfect many times for this to happen. While kinesthesis may be described as "muscle memory", muscles do not store memory; rather, it is the proprioceptors giving the information from muscles to brain. To do this, the individual must have a sense of the position of their body and how that changes throughout the motor skill they are trying to perform. While performing the motion the body will use receptors in the muscles to transfer information to the brain to tell the brain about what the body is doing. Then after completing the same motor skill numerous times, the brain will begin to remember the motion based on the position of the body at a given time. Then after learning the motion the body will be able to perform the motor skill even when usual senses are inhibited, such as the person closing their eyes. The body will perform the motion based on the information that is stored in the brain from previous attempts at the same movement. This is possible because the brain has formed connections between the location of body parts in space (the body uses perception to learn where their body is in space) and the subsequent movements that commonly follow these positions. It becomes almost an instinct. The person does not need to even think about what they are doing to perfect the skill; they have done it so many times that it feels effortless and requires little to no thought. When the kinesthetic system has learned a motor skill proficiently, it will be able to work even when one's vision is limited. The perception of continuous movement (kinesthesia) is largely unconscious. A conscious proprioception is achieved through increased awareness. Kinaesthetics involves the teaching and personal development of such awareness.
Therapeutic applications
Occupational therapy and physical therapy based on movement-associated awareness has been applied in the Western world since the mid-1980s, especially in Central European care facilities. It makes use of the psychophysiological finding that greater muscle tone reduces proprioceptive sensitivity. Kinaesthetics may benefit patients who need:
Assistance in activities of daily living (ADL)
Somatic feedback
To reduce the physical effort required to move
Daily Life applications
The kinesthetic system is important with performing many motor skills, one being driving a car. If the body could not instantly remember what to do, driving would be very dangerous. When first starting to drive, all new drivers lack this ability to quickly respond because they have never been in situations like this before. The more they drive and are faced with similar situations, the more they get used to how to react and the more it becomes an instinct. By everyone knowing what they are doing when it comes to turning and stopping, it makes driving on the road safer. People can focus on what is in front of them in case their environment suddenly changes instead of focusing on how to turn the wheel or press on the brakes.
History
Kinaesthetics was developed in the early 1970s by Frank White Hatch, who was a choreographer and dancer. Hatch studied behavioral cybernetics at Madison/Wisconsin and developed academic programs for movement and dance called Kinaesthetics in three American universities. He then turned to working with disabled children as well as the field of rehabilitation. Psychologist Lenny Maietta (1950-2018) developed a handling training program for young parents that was also based on behavioral cybernetics. Hatch and Maietta taught and worked together in German-speaking countries beginning in 1974. With the dancer John Graham, they held workshops under the name of Gentle Dance.
Maietta and Hatch used Kinaesthetics seminars the first time as therapy in the Ernest-Holmes Fachklinik in Germany 1974–77. Together with registered nurse Suzanne Bernard Schmidt, Maietta and Hatch developed a job-specific program "Kinaesthetics in Nursing." They were in dialogue and exchange with Gregory Bateson, Moshe Feldenkrais, Berta and Karel Bobath, Liliane Juchli, and Nancy Roper. In addition to behavioral cybernetics and dance, movement therapy and humanistic psychology were named as key sources of kinaesthetics.
Maietta and Hatch are still actively involved in the development of Kinaesthetics. In the last years, programs for caregivers, for workplace health and for older people especially were developed. Currently there are four organizations in which Kinaesthetics programs are developed.
Literature
Films
Asmussen-Clausen, M. / Knobel, S. (2006): Fortbewegen statt heben - Kinästhetik in der Pflegepraxis (DVD)
Asmussen-Clausen, M. / Buschmann, U. (2004): Kinästhetik Infant Handling - Bewegungsunterstützung in den ersten Lebensjahren (DVD)
Bauder-Mißbach, H. (2008): "Grundlagen der Bewegungsförderung " (DVD)
Marty-Teuber, M. (2000): Ermöglichen statt Behindern - Kinaesthetics ein Lern- und Interaktionsmodell (DVD)
References
Further reading
Achinger, R.; Steenebrügge, A.: Projekt Präoperative Anleitung. In: Pflegezeitschrift 10/2002 (Retrieved 23. July 2012)
Buge, R.; Mahler, C. (2004): Evaluationsbericht Auswertung der Befragung zum Kinästhetikprojekt. Universitätsklinikum Heidelberg (Retrieved 12. November 2011)
Citon, I.: Kinästhetik im OP – Geht das? In: Im OP. Fachzeitschrift für OP-Pflege und OTA. Stuttgart: Georg Tieme Verlag 2011, Heft 2: S. 67-72 (Retrieved 24. August 2012)
Collection of contributions of Kinaesthetics-coaches at Journal Viv-Arte® Kinästhetik-Plus (Retrieved 24. August 2012)
Freiberg, A.; Girbig, M.; Euler, U.; Scharfe J.; Nienhaus, A.; Freitag, S., Seidler, A. (2016). Influence of the Kinaesthetics care conception during patient handling on the development of musculoskeletal complaints and diseases – A scoping review. Journal of Occupational Medicine and Toxicology, 11(1), 24. (Retrieved 22. November 2017)
Hantikainen, V.: Beeinflusst die Kinaesthetics Schulung die körperliche Belastung von Pflegekräften? (Retrieved 12. Juli 2012)
Maietta, L.: Ein Gesundheits-Entwicklungsprogramm mit dem Ziel gesunde, produktive und innovative Mitarbeiter auszubilden. (Retrieved 22. November 2011)
Maietta, L.; Resch-Kroell, U. (2009): MH-Kinaesthetics fördert Gesundheit der Mitarbeiter. In: Die Schwester Der Pfleger 48. Jg., Heft 4. (Retrieved 12. Juli 2012)
Selection of online-articles of the Kinaesthetics-periodical Lebensqualität. Fachzeitschrift für Kinaesthetics und Lebensqualität. (Retrieved 24. August 2012)
Mora, A.: MH Kinaesthetics in der Geburtsarbeit. In: Deutscher Hebammenverband: Geburtsarbeit. Hebammenwissen zur Unterstützung der physiologischen Geburt. Stuttgart: Hippokrates Verlag 2010, S. 138-154. (Zugriff: 23. September 2012)
Proske, U.; Gandevia, S. C.: The kinaesthetic senses. Topical Review. Journal of Physiology 587.17 (2009) pp. 4139-4146 (Zugriff: 18. September 2012)
Rosker, J.; Sarabon, N. (2010): Kinaesthesia and Methods for its Assessment. Literature Review. In: Sport Science Review. Band XIX, Heft 5-6, Seiten 165–208 (Zugriff: 30. Jänner 2013)
Schlegel, R.: Kinaesthetics in der Palliative Care. In: palliative-ch. Zeitschrift der Schweizerischen Gesellschaft für Palliative Medizin, Pflege und Begleitung. Nr. 3/2011 S. 9-13. (Zugriff: 23. Jänner 2013)
Videos / Fernsehbeiträge / DVDs über die Kinästhetik (organized by topic) (Zugriff: 4. September 2012)
Yamamoto, N. et al. (2007). The comparison of EMG activities between Kinaesthetics and normal methods during patient-handling tasks in health care workers. Journal of Biomechanics 40; p. 655. Retrieved 17. November 2017
Physical therapy
Proprioception
Rehabilitation medicine
Sports medicine
Bras d'Or Lake, the name of which means arms of gold or golden arms, is a saltwater lake on Cape Breton Island.
Bras d'Or can also refer to:
Places
Bras d'Or, Nova Scotia, Canada; a community in Nova Scotia
Little Bras d'Or, Nova Scotia, Canada; a community in Nova Scotia
Big Bras d'Or, Nova Scotia, Canada; a community in Nova Scotia
Bras d'Or (electoral district), in Nova Scotia, Canada
Bras d'Or Lakes Scenic Drive, on Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada
Vehicles
Bras d'Or (train), the Halifax–Sydney passenger train
, several Canadian warships
HMCS Bras d'Or (auxiliary minesweeper) was an auxiliary minesweeper (1919-1940)
, a British built experimental hydrofoil renamed
, a Canadian prototype hydrofoil of the Canadian Forces
HMS Bras d'Or (R-103), a British built Royal Navy experimental hydrofoil entered into Royal Canadian Navy service
Other uses
The plural of "Bra d'Or" (Golden Bra), awards presented by the Playwrights Guild of Canada
See also
Neorufalda, is a monotypic snout moth genus described by Hiroshi Yamanaka in 1986. Its single species, Neorufalda pullella, described in the same article, is found in Japan.
References
Moths described in 1986
Phycitinae
Moths of Japan
Monotypic moth genera
Brenna Lynn Flaugher is an experimental cosmologist who works as a distinguished scientist at Fermilab, where she heads the Astrophysics Department. Flaugher led the development of the Dark Energy Camera at the Víctor M. Blanco Telescope in Chile, part of the Dark Energy Survey; she has also been involved in the development of the Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument at the Kitt Peak National Observatory in Arizona. By seeking a greater understanding of dark matter, she aims to explain the observed accelerating expansion of the universe.
Education
Flaugher graduated from Bates College in 1983. She completed her doctorate at Rutgers University in 1989, under the supervision of Thomas J. Devlin.
Recognition
Flaugher was named a Fellow of the American Physical Society (APS) in 2011, after a nomination by the APS Division of Astrophysics, "for her important contributions to experimental particle astrophysics, particularly her leadership of and seminal contributions to the design and construction of the Dark Energy Camera".
In 2020, Fermilab named Flaugher a distinguished scientist.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American physicists
American cosmologists
American women physicists
Bates College alumni
Rutgers University alumni
People associated with Fermilab
21st-century American women
The Military ranks of Malawi are the military insignia used by the Malawian Defence Force. Being a former British protectorate, Malawi shares a rank structure similar to that of the United Kingdom.
Commissioned officer ranks
The rank insignia of commissioned officers.
Other ranks
The rank insignia of non-commissioned officers and enlisted personnel.
References
External links
Malawi and the Commonwealth of Nations
Malawi
Military of Malawi
The 1896 Pittsburgh Athletic Club football season was their sixth season in existence. The team finished with a record of 2–5–3.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Pittsburgh Athletic Club
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football seasons
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football
Gino Charlvic Pandent Wilson (born ) is a Namibian rugby union player, currently playing with the Namibia national team and the in the South African Currie Cup competition. He usually plays as a winger.
Rugby career
Wilson was born in Windhoek. He was selected to represent Namibia Under-18 level in 2014, and made his test debut for in 2016 against . He also represented the in the South African domestic Currie Cup competition since 2016.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Namibia international rugby union players
Namibian rugby union players
Rugby union players from Windhoek
Rugby union wings
Padmavyooham is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by C. C. Baby and V. M. Chandi. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Sukumari, Adoor Bhasi and Jose Prakash. The film has musical score by M. K. Arjunan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Stephen
Vijayasree as Jaya, Rani (Double role)
Vincent as Sunny
Sukumari as Maaya
Adoor Bhasi as Pathrose
Jose Prakash as Mathachan
Prema as Rosamma
Baby Sumathi as Leenamol
Bahadoor as Paulose
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Ummachan
Meena as Anappara Kunjamma
Philomina as Raheal
Sadhana as Chinnamma
N Govindankutty as Philip
Khadeeja as Ealiyamma
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan, with lyrics written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Thomas Robert Young (born 27 July 2000) is a British Paralympic athlete who competes in sprinting events at international events, he is a Paralympic Games gold medallist, triple European champion and a World silver medalist. He won the gold medal in the men's 100 metres T38 event at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan. He also won the 100 metres mixed class event at the 2021 British Athletics Championships.
Young was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to athletics.
References
2000 births
Living people
People from Croydon
Paralympic athletes of Great Britain
Paralympic gold medalists for Great Britain
British male sprinters
English male sprinters
Medalists at the World Para Athletics Championships
Medalists at the World Para Athletics European Championships
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
British Athletics Championships winners
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Trace is the first album by Son Volt, released in 1995. The band was formed the previous year by Jay Farrar after the breakup of the influential alt-country band Uncle Tupelo. The album reached #166 on the Billboard 200 album chart and received extremely favorable reviews. According to AllMusic, "Throughout Son Volt's debut, Trace, the group reworks classic honky tonk and rock & roll, adding a desperate, determined edge to their performances. Even when they rock out, there is a palpable sense of melancholy to Farrar's voice, which lends a poignancy to the music." AmericanaUK calls Trace, "A graceful masterpiece, a positive turning of the page for Farrar, and a gentle reminder of the power and long-lasting influence of Uncle Tupelo." "The album was in the top 10 of Rolling Stone's 1995 critics' list.
"Drown" was a minor college and rock radio hit. It charted at #10 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and #25 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. It remains their only single to land on either of the charts.
Track listing
All songs written by Farrar except "Mystifies Me", written by Ronnie Wood.
"Windfall" – 2:58
"Live Free" – 3:13
"Tear Stained Eye" – 4:21
"Route" – 3:57
"Ten Second News" – 3:57
"Drown" – 3:20
"Loose String" – 3:48
"Out of the Picture" – 3:50
"Catching On" – 4:02
"Too Early" – 4:29
"Mystifies Me" – 4:12
Personnel
Dave Boquist - guitar, banjo, fiddle, lap steel guitar, dobro
Jim Boquist - bass, backing vocals
Jay Farrar - vocals, guitar
Mike Heidorn - drums
Eric Heywood - pedal steel guitar
Craig Krampf - drums on "Live Free"
Dan Newton - accordion on "Too Early"
Marc Perlman - bass on "Mystifies Me"
References
1995 debut albums
Son Volt albums
Warner Records albums
Buffalo River State Park may refer to:
Buffalo River State Park (Arkansas)
Buffalo River State Park (Minnesota)
Part of Me Remix EP (also listed as Part of Me (Remix EP) in iTunes) is a digital released EP by American rock musician Chris Cornell, released on May 26, 2009. The album features four electronic pop remixes of Cornell's fifth and most recent single "Part of Me", released from his R&B/pop album Scream.
Remixes are provided by California based electro house DJ Steve Aoki, group LMFAO, electronica production team L.A. Riots and DJ Kleerup.
Track listing
References
Chris Cornell albums
2009 EPs
Remix EPs
2009 remix albums
Interscope Records EPs
Interscope Records remix albums
Electropop remix albums
The Heidelberg Thingstätte is an open-air theatre on the Heiligenberg in Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It was built during the Third Reich for performances and events as part of the Thingspiel movement. Until 2018, it was primarily used for unofficial Walpurgis Night celebrations. It is a protected cultural monument.
Third Reich
The Heiligenberg theatre is one of the official Thingstätten or Thingplätze built in the first part of the Nazi era as part of the Thingspiel movement. It is in the form of an egg-shaped amphitheatre and has a capacity of approximately 8,000 seats or 15,000 standees. The architect was Hermann Alker. The original design was to seat 10,300 people with room for an additional 20,000 standees and include a dance ring behind the stage; work began in late April 1934 and was to have been completed in July, but paused and resumed on the reduced plan, and the facility was completed in June 1935 and dedicated on the 22nd of that month. Approximately 20,000 people attended, and in his address to them Joseph Goebbels spoke of the 'holy mountain' that was the site and characterised the Thingstätten as "the Lagtagen [State diets or parliaments] of our time"; he described the theatre as "National Socialism in stone" and compared the construction of Thingstätten to that of the autobahns. The opening festivities concluded with a summer solstice celebration during which Franz Philipp's cantata Heiliges Vaterland was performed. Originally, the theatre was to have been the venue for the première of Richard Euringer's German Passion 1933 during the Reichsfestspiele theatre festival in Heidelberg in 1934; since the theatre was not ready, the performance instead took place in the courtyard of Heidelberg Castle.
The total cost for building the theatre, including creating parking and access roads and the provision of water and electrical power, appears to have been approximately 600,000 RM, all but 40,000 RM borne by the city. The participation of Reich Labour Service workers was exaggerated for propaganda purposes; the majority of the work was done by professional builders. In Alker's original plan, there was no artificial amplification: the building at the back of the stage incorporating the actors' dressing rooms was to have formed a high visual barrier which also reflected the sound back at the audience. However, the early Thingstätten, notably that at the Brandberge outside Halle, proved not to have the good acoustics of the Greek amphitheatres. The theatre at Heidelberg was therefore built with 8 microphone lines fed by 17 on-stage microphones, and 7 loudspeakers at the edge of the stage and on the stage building, which was lower than originally planned and provided with stairs on either side so that it could serve as additional stage space; for example, the entire theatre could now be surrounded by a line of flag- or torch-bearers. Two towers at the rear of the theatre, at the top of the stands, housed the controls for the sound and for lighting, including a mixing board; the installation made it possible to play sound recordings and pipe in radio broadcasts to the stage as well as to amplify lead actors, who were more important to the Thingspiel dramas than had originally been envisaged by architects. The plans for the Thingstätten on the Lorelei rock and at Rostock were modified based on this theatre.
The Thingstätte was located in Heidelberg partly as a counterpart to a cemetery of honour for the fallen of the First World War that was created on another peak above the city. Together with the Reichsfestspiele, one of its purposes was to present a picture of Nazi culture to foreign visitors; however, by the time it opened the Thing movement had already begun to fall out of favour, and in summer 1936, the Mayor of Heidelberg announced its renaming from Thingstätte to Feierstätte (celebration site). It was used for the première of Kurt Heynicke's Der Weg ins Reich during the 1935 Reichsfestpiele, and for further dramatic productions and seasonal celebrations until the siting of a flak tower there precluded planned use for a theatrical training programme in 1942.
Postwar
After the war the American occupying forces held jazz concerts at the arena, and in 1947 used it for an Easter service which they invited Germans to attend. As early as 1946 a sports meeting was held there. In 1945 it was renamed Heiligenberg-Anlage (Heiligenberg facility), but usage gradually returned to the original name of Thingstätte. The site is now municipal property, has been declared a state protected monument, and like the rest of the mountain, is tended by the Schutzgemeinschaft Heiligenberg.
Plans to resume use of the theatre for performances have been hindered by the lack of electricity and other services. However, from the late 1980s until 2017 it was unofficially used for annual celebrations of Walpurgis Night, which featured fire-dancers and jugglers and attracted as many as 15,000 people. In 2014 David Borymski published a half-hour documentary on the event called Fackelkinder (torch children). In 2017 a forest fire broke out in the area of the upper Philosophenweg during the celebration and, in an unrelated event, a 25-year-old man was severely injured on his way down from the Heiligenberg; after an investigation, the City of Heidelberg banned the celebration at the location in following years. The Thingstätte was fenced off and police were stationed on the Heiligenberg for the night of 30 April–1 May.
In 2014 the city introduced Sunday and holiday bus service to the theatre, and there are plans to fell approximately one third of the trees on the mountain beginning in 2016; some of these have obscured the view of the city from the theatre.
References
Further reading
Meinhold Lurz. Die Heidelberger Thingstätte: die Thingbewegung im Dritten Reich; Kunst als Mittel politischer Propaganda. Veröffentlichungen zur Heidelberger Altstadt 10. Heidelberg: Kunsthistorisches Institut, 1975. .
External links
Thingplatz
Buildings and structures in Heidelberg
Theatres completed in 1935
Tourist attractions in Heidelberg
The 1982 Yco-Tanduay season was the eighth season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Summary
The team had signed up four rookies during the off-season, two were former members of the national team in the 1981 ABC championships and SEA games, Frankie Lim and Jose Yango, the other two rookies are Zaldy Latoza from APCOR and Melvin Martin from Jag Jeans in the MICAA.
Last year's Reinforced Filipino Conference best import Russell Murray returns to the Esquires in the first conference of the season. Yco-Tanduay finishes at fifth in the team standings. They were swept in two games by Toyota Super Corollas in the best-of-three quarterfinals.
In the Open Conference, the Esquires' two imports were 6-11 Jerome Henderson and 6-8 Curtis Berry. Yco-Tanduay were third behind N-Rich Coffee and Gilbey's Gin after 18 games in the elimination phase. Going into the last playing date of the quarterfinal round on November 23, all four quarterfinalists are tied with one win and one loss each. The Esquires lost to Toyota Super Corollas and were eliminated from the four-team semifinals.
Won-loss records vs Opponents
Roster
References
YCO
Tanduay Rhum Masters seasons
Kashim Biri was the mai or King of Kanem during the middle of the thirteenth century. During his reign the Maliki school of Law was firmly established and he constructed a Madrashah in the kingdom.
Kings of Chad
History of Chad
Kanem Empire
13th-century monarchs in Africa
Desmond Thomas Devenish is an English-American filmmaker, producer, and writer.
Early life
Devenish was born in Manhattan, New York City to Louise Devenish (née Mellion), appraiser and professor of fine and decorative arts and Thomas Devenish, a New York dealer of fine English furniture, born in England to parents who were vaudevillians.
Among the schools Devenish attended were Saint David's School (New York City), Riverdale Country School, John F. Kennedy High School (New York City), Tisch School of the Arts at New York University, Marymount Manhattan College, where he received his BA in Theatre Arts, and The Los Angeles Film School.
Personal life
Devenish resides in Malibu, California.
Theatre
Devenish performed in the Broadway production of On the Waterfront at The Brooks Atkinson Theatre, which starred Ron Eldard, Penelope Ann Miller, David Morse and James Gandolfini.
Film
While still in high school, Devenish landed the lead role in Delinquent, directed by Peter Hall. He also starred in Exit 8A which ran at Sundance and The LA Film Festival.
As a filmmaker, his LA Film School thesis, Split, was acquired by Shorts International. His second short Closure won best short at San Pedro International Film Festival. Devenish's feature film directorial debut, Misfortune, a gritty thriller shot in Tucson, Arizona won the Yellow Rose at Jaipur International Film Festival, best feature at Black Hills Film Festival, and was nominated for the Grand Jury Award at Dances With Films. Misfortune was theatrically released in a dozen U.S. markets, and is distributed by Entertainment One.
Eddie & Sunny, Devenish's sophomore feature, which stars Gabriel Luna and Joanna Vanderham, centers on an impulsive loving homeless family, who commit a cartel-related homicide, leaving them and their child fugitives in pursuit of safe harbor. Silvio Muraglia and Andrea Iervolino have helmed on producing the project, filmed in Ostia, Italy and Guatemala.
Television
Stretch It Out!, a comedy special, written and performed by Shawn Pelofsky and directed by Devenish, is distributed by Comedy Dynamics.
Books
Stage
Filmography
Film
References
External links
Official website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
People from Manhattan
Marymount Manhattan College alumni
Riverdale Country School alumni
Schöner Wohnen (German: Better Dwelling) is a German language interior design magazine which was launched in 1960 by Gruner + Jahr.
History and profile
Schöner Wohnen was established in 1960 by the Hamburg-based publishing company Gruner + Jahr. Its founding editor-in-chief was Josef Kremerkothen. The magazine enjoyed high levels of readership after its start. It has published photographs of the latest trends in furniture design, color palettes and room arrangements. Later its coverage was expanded to feature articles about architecture, lifestyle, gardening and travel. The magazine is the first German publication which employed the term design classic in 1974.
References
External links
1960 establishments in West Germany
Design magazines
German-language magazines
Lifestyle magazines
Magazines established in 1960
Magazines published in Hamburg
Women's magazines published in Germany
The little spotted woodpecker or green-backed woodpecker (Campethera cailliautii), is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is native to large parts of tropical central Africa. It has an extensive range and is an uncommon species, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Taxonomy
There are three subspecies:
C. c. nyansae (Neumann, 1900) - southwestern Kenya and Ethiopia, northwestern Tanzania to eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, northeastern Angola, and northern Zambia
C. c. cailliautii (Malherbe, 1849) - south Somalia to northeast Tanzania
C. c. loveridgei Hartert, E., 1920 - central Tanzania to Mozambique
The subspecies permista was transferred to the little green woodpecker (C. maculosa) by the International Ornithological Congress in 2022 due to similar plumage.
Description
The little spotted woodpecker grows to a length of about . The male has a scarlet crown flecked with black and a bright red nape. The female has a blackish crown spotted with white and a red nape. Both sexes have green upperparts, spotted with cream or yellow, and buff or white underparts, boldly spotted with black, and flanks barred with black. The tail is green, with individual feathers having brownish shafts. The supercilium is a white, the eye-ring grey with a chestnut iris, the beak grey tipped with black, and the legs and feet grey or olive. The juvenile is similar to the female in appearance, although the nape may have little red.
Distribution and habitat
The little spotted woodpecker is found in Angola, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Nigeria, Rwanda, Somalia, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. The habitat varies across the range, being variously wet or dry forest, gallery forest or flooded forest, scrub, savannah, coastal woodland, palm oil plantations, gardens, or wooded villages. This is mostly a lowland bird, but it is found at altitudes of up to .
Ecology
The little spotted woodpecker feeds mainly on ants and termites, which it finds on trees. It often forages in pairs or may form part of small groups of mixed bird species.
References
External links
(Green-backed woodpecker = ) Little spotted woodpecker - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
little spotted woodpecker
Birds of East Africa
Birds of Central Africa
little spotted woodpecker
little spotted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tumelo Mangweni (born 22 August 1994) is a South African professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Bloemfontein Celtic.
References
1994 births
Living people
South African soccer players
Association football midfielders
Bloemfontein Celtic F.C. players
South African Premier Division players
Paulina is Leaving () is a 1969 French drama film written and directed by André Téchiné, starring Bulle Ogier and Marie-France Pisier. It marked Téchiné's debut as a director. It remains Téchiné's less known film, since it was only very briefly release to theaters in 1975, six years after its premiered at the Venice Film Festival. It has neither rereleased nor ever transferred to video.
The title refers to Paulina leaving both the household she shared with her brothers and the world of sanity. The film was partially inspired by Jean Pierre Melville's 1950 adaptation of Jean Cocteau's Les Enfants Terribles.
Plot
Paulina leaves the apartment where she lives with her two brothers, Nicolas and Olivier. Her departure is mark by chaotic and sometimes violent confrontations. In a café, she meets a mysterious stranger who works in a nearby psychiatric clinic. There, she is introduced by a nurse and made to answer a questionnaire which she views on a cinema screen, the words printed on a purple background.
Meanwhile, a civil conflict seems to be raging, with checkpoints, sounds of shooting and the reappearance of Nicholas in chains. He is allowed to visit Paulina at the clinic but is carted off the next day as a deserter, having told Paulina that Oliver has left for the forest to join a rebel group. Paulina is then sold by the clinic to a brothel, which is the only functioning institution and extant building in the town and which is presided over by Hortense, a former opera singer, and the old uncle. Here Paulina is subjected to endless philosophizing by the uncle in a room containing a massive globe of the world, and is encouraged by Hortense to participate in a cocktail party, which she refuses.
Paulina meets up again with Nicholas in a ruined town, but is then seen looking for Hortense again, only to be driven off through the forest by a mysterious man.
Cast
Bulle Ogier as Paulina
Marie-France Pisier as Isabelle
Laura Betti as Hortense
Yves Beneyton as Nicolas
Michèle Moretti as The nurse
André Julien as Old uncle
Denis Berry as Olivier
Production
Paulina s'en va (Paulina is Leaving) (1969) is Téchiné's first film as director. Initially conceived as a short, it was later expanded to a feature-length film. It was made with a shoe string budget and shot in two periods, over one week in 1967 and two weeks in 1969.
Release
The film premiered at the Venice Film Festival. With its experimental nature, Paulina s'en va disconcerted audiences and was not actually released until 1975, when it had a brief run in a movie theater alongside Téchiné's second film: French Provincial.
The film remains an obscure title since it has not been available for viewing and was never released on video.
Notes
References
Jones, Kent. André Téchine. La Estrastegia de la Tension, 42 Semana Internacional de Cine, Valladolid
Marshall, Bill, André Téchiné, Manchester University Press, 2007,
External links
1969 films
French drama films
1960s French-language films
Films directed by André Téchiné
1960s French films
The Le Bras (in English: The Arm River) flows through the municipalities of La Pocatière (MRC of Kamouraska Regional County Municipality) and Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies (MRC of L'Islet Regional County Municipality), in the administrative regions of Bas-Saint-Laurent and Chaudière-Appalaches, at Quebec, in Canada.
The Le Bras River is a tributary of the east bank of the Ferrée River, which flows further north on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River. This last confluence is located in the small hamlet of Village-des-Aulnaies, located southwest of the village of La Pocatière and northeast of the village of Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies.
Geography
The Le Bras river has its source at Bourgelas lake (length: ; altitude: ) located in La Pocatière. This lake is located southeast of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, southwest of the village center from Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth, at south of the center of the village of La Pocatière and at at the east of the village center of Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies. This lake is located near the limit of the municipality of Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth. Its mouth is located to the north-west.
From this lake, the Le Bras river flows in a forest and agricultural zone over , divided into the following segments:
towards the southwest in La Pocatière in a forest zone, crossing Lac Perdu (length: ; altitude: ) to its mouth. This lake is located in a small valley on the east side of Montagne des Marais and on the north side of Coteau Pelé, near the limit of Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies;
towards the southwest in a forest zone, up to the limit with Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies;
towards the south-west in Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies in a forest zone, collecting water from the Martin stream, up to the range of Haute-Ville;
towards the southwest, crossing the rang de la Haute-Ville, then north, to the third Rang East;
north-west along Route du Moulin, in an agricultural zone, to highway 20;
north-west, up to its confluence.
The Le Bras river empties on the east bank of the Ferrée river, just south of the route 132 (route de la Seigneurie) bridge, in the hamlet of Village-des-Aulnaies. This confluence is located at east of the center of the village of Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies and at north of the center of village of Sainte-Louise.
Toponymy
The toponym Le Bras was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
The Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system.
Legend
TF — Won by Fall
SP — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser with points
SO — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser without points
ST — Won by Technical Superiority, 15 points difference
PP — Won by Points, the loser with technical points
PO — Won by Points, the loser without technical points
P0 — Won by Passivity, scoring zero points
P1 — Won by Passivity, while leading by 1-11 points
PS — Won by Passivity, while leading by 12-14 points
PA — Won by Opponent Injury
DQ — Won by Forfeit
DNA — Did not appear
L — Losses
ER — Round of Elimination
CP — Classification Points
TP — Technical Points
Eliminatory round
Group A
Group B
Final round
Final standings
References
External links
Official Report
Greco-Roman 62kg
Bayerisches Volksecho ('Bavarian People's Echo') was a German language daily newspaper, published from Munich, West Germany between June 1951 to August 17, 1956. Bayerisches Volksecho was the regional organ of the Communist Party of Germany in Bavaria. As of 1955, the newspaper had a daily circulation of around 50,000. Bayerisches Volksecho was banned along with the Communist Party in 1956.
References
1951 establishments in West Germany
1956 disestablishments in West Germany
Communist newspapers
Communist Party of Germany
Defunct newspapers published in Germany
German-language communist newspapers
Newspapers published in Munich
Daily newspapers published in Germany
Publications established in 1951
Publications disestablished in 1956
Nuno Borges was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Evgenii Tiurnev won the title after defeating Oleg Prihodko 3–6, 6–4, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
Antalya Challenger IV - 1
Young's (Young & Co.'s Brewery Plc) is a British pub chain operating nearly 220 pubs.
The company was founded as a brewery in 1831 by Charles Young and Anthony Bainbridge when they purchased the Ram Brewery in Wandsworth. The company closed the Ram Brewery in 2006, and the brewing operation was transferred to a new company, Wells & Young's Brewing Company Ltd, which was a joint brewing venture with Charles Wells Brewery. Young's held 40% of the shares in the new company until the sale of its stake to Charles Wells was announced in August 2011. There is a rolling contract for Young's to take beers produced by Wells & Young's and now by Marston's after it took over the Eagle Brewery in Bedford, an operation now called Carlsberg Marston's Brewing Company. Until its closure in 2006, the company's Ram Brewery in Wandsworth was claimed to be Britain's oldest brewing site in continuous operation, with a history dating back to the 1550s when a Humphrey Langridge, "beer-brewer at Wandsworth", leased the Ram pub.
History
A Ram pub on Young's brewery site was recorded from a survey around 1550 which details the owner as Elizabeth Ridon, who leased out the premises. The first indication of brewing at the Ram are from 1576 when a Humphrey Langridge, "beer-brewer at Wandsworth" (then a village in Surrey), had his house broken into, and the thief was tried at the local assize court; this Humphrey Langridge is also recorded as being landlord of "the Rame" in 1581, and so it is surmised by Young's historian that Langridge would have been brewing at the Ram in 1576. The site of this inn is today once again the Ram Inn having been previously called The Brewery Tap then The Ram Brewery Shop & Visitors Centre. Records from 1675 show that the brewery was run by the Draper family, and in the 18th century, the Trittons purchased the brewery. It was purchased by Charles Allen Young and Anthony Fothergill Bainbridge in 1831. Since then it has been associated with the Young family, and until 2006 the last chairman of Young & Co belonging to the Young's family was John Young, the great-great-grandson of the founder.
The brewery supplied Young's public houses, in London and the area to the south-west, which still number over 200. It also sold to many other pubs and supermarkets. Beer was also exported to many European countries, Canada, the United States and Japan. The company produced three regular and a series of seasonal and occasional cask ales, keg lagers, and several filtered and pasteurised bottled beers. Young's also contract-brewed several beers for InBev, such as Courage Best and Mackeson Stout.
On 23 May 2006, the company issued a press release announcing that the Ram Brewery was to close and brewing was to be moved to the Eagle Brewery in Bedford, then owned by Charles Wells. Wells & Young's Brewing, with Charles Wells having a 60% stake, and Young & Co 40%, went into operation on 2 October 2006. Wells & Young's was then responsible for brewing, distributing and marketing Charles Wells's and Young & Co's brands at the jointly owned Eagle Brewery in Bedford. The company was operated at arm's length from both Young's and Charles Wells. However a combination of directors from both companies sat on the Wells & Young's Board.
Chairman John Young died on 17 September 2006, days before the closure of the brewery, whilst the final brew was being run at the Ram Brewery Wandsworth. Beer from the last brew was served at his funeral on 29 September 2006.
Young & Co is still based in Wandsworth. Until June 2007 it was based at offices at the Ram Brewery, but after that it moved into its new head office, around the corner from the former brewery site.
On 9 August 2011, the company issued a press release announcing the sale of its stake in Wells & Young's Brewing Company Ltd to Charles Wells.
Ram Brewery
Young's claimed that the Ram Brewery was the oldest British brewery in continuous operation. At the time of its closure in 2006, the brewery was a mix of ancient and ultra-modern plant, including a steam engine which had been installed in 1835 and had been in regular use until the 1980s.
A number of animals were resident in the brewery, including a ram, a number of geese and about a dozen working draught horses, usually a shire horse. Until the closure of the brewery in 2006, the horses and drays were still used for local deliveries of beer to locations within a mile or two of the brewery.
The Ram Brewery officially closed at the end of the business day on Monday, 25 September 2006. The brewery closing story was carried by BBC London news and as of 4 December 2008, the old Ram Brewery has been approved for redevelopment into a new shopping / business centre.
The new owner of the site, property company Minerva plc, has hired one of the former Young's brewers, John Hatch, as site manager. One of his jobs is to keep brewing going on the site via a 'nanobrewery' set up in the old Young's laboratory. Hatch's new Ram Brewery brews at least once a week in order to maintain the "oldest British brewery" claim.
In July 2013, the redevelopment of the site was announced, to provide new residential and commercial properties alongside shops, bars, restaurants and public open spaces. As part of the redevelopment, historic buildings on the site will be retained and restored; among other things they will house a new micro-brewery and a museum of brewing history (in which the coppers and beam engine will be displayed). The banks of the River Wandle, which flows through the site, will also be opened up to the public as part of the new development.
In November 2020 Sambrook's Brewery, formerly of Battersea took a 25 year lease on the site to build a new microbrewery, taproom, and planned museum. The brewery became operational in March 2021 and is now the main hub of Sambrook's brewing operation. The nano brewery is also still operational and the taproom was slated to be open by July 2021.
The Ram Brewery was home to the MasterChef kitchen between 2011 and 2014.
Wells & Young's
Wells & Young's Brewing, with Charles Wells having a 60% stake and Young & Co 40%, went into operation on 2 October 2006. Wells & Young's is now responsible for brewing, distributing and marketing Charles Wells's and Young & Co's brands at the Eagle Brewery in Bedford. In August 2011, Charles Wells purchased Young's stake in Wells and Young's. Following a full rebrand in early 2015, the company went back to its roots and now trades as Charles Wells once again, reuniting the different arms of the business under its founding name.
In May 2017, Charles Wells announced that it was selling the brewery and wine business to Marston's Brewery together with the Bombardier and McEwan's brands and rights to the Young's brands. It said it would set up a separate brewery in Bedford to brew Charles Wells-branded beers in two years' time. The former Wells Brewery was subsequently renamed the Eagle Brewery by Marston's and in 2019 Young's rebranded its Bitter and Special brands to London Original and London Special respectively.
References
Bibliography
Helen Osborn, Inn and Around London. Surrey Fine Art Press. .
Helen Osborn, Britain's Oldest Brewery: the story behind the success of Young's of Wandsworth, Young & Co, 1999,
John Young, Acting Up, Autobiography published by The Memoir Club Durham
External links
Young & Co's website
Wells and Young's Company website
Photographic Documentation of the last year of Young's Brewing in Wandsworth
Pub chains
British companies established in 1831
Breweries in London
Companies based in the London Borough of Wandsworth
History of the London Borough of Wandsworth
Food and drink companies established in 1831
Pubs in London
Nalinda Ranasinghe (born 20 July 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who plays for Singha Sports Club. He was born in Galle.
Ranasinghe made his List A debut during the 2009-10 Premier Limited Overs tournament against Lankan Cricket Club. He scored 26 runs on his debut, the second highest score on the Singha team.
External links
Nalinda Ranasinghe at Cricket Archive
1989 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Singha Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Galle
Baron Marie Camille Louis de Gonzague Ghislain (Camille) de Tornaco (6 April 1807 – 8 March 1880) was a Belgian landowner and liberal politician.
He was born in Steinfort, Luxembourg. He was a member of the provincial council of Liège, a member of the Belgian parliament and President of the Belgian Senate from 11 November 1879 until 8 March 1880. He died in Brussels.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
Sources
Camille de Tornaco
Mémorial de la Province de Liège 1836-1986, Liège, p. 187.
De Paepe, Jean-Luc, Raindorf-Gérard, Christiane (ed.), Le Parlement Belge 1831-1894. Données Biographiques, Brussels, Académie Royale de Belgique, 1996, p. 246.
Douxchamps, José, Présence nobiliaire au parlement belge (1830–1970). Notes généalogiques, Wépion-Namen, José Douxchamps, 2003, p. 131.
1807 births
1880 deaths
People from Steinfort
Presidents of the Senate (Belgium)
Vice-presidents of the Senate (Belgium)
Barons of Belgium
The Bucharest Stock Exchange (BVB) (Romanian: Bursa de Valori București) is the stock exchange of Romania located in Bucharest. In 2019, the capitalization of BVB increased 23.4% compared to the previous year, to the value of EUR 37.8 billion. At the end of 2019 there were 83 companies listed on the BVB.
The capitalization of the Romanian capital market in relation to GDP was of 17.9% at the end of 2019. That same year, the stock exchange indices reached their highest level in the past 10 years. The BET index went up 35% and the BET-TR rose more rapidly, by 47%, against the dividends distributed by the companies.
At 31 December 2019, the most liquid company within the BVB's main (Regular) market was Banca Transilvania (TLV), which owns approximately 30% of the total traded value. The following most liquid companies were Fondul Proprietatea (FP), BRD - Groupe Société Générale (BRD), Romgaz (SNG) and OMV Petrom (SNP).
In September 2020, the Bucharest Stock Exchange was promoted from the category of Frontier Market to the category of Secondary Emerging Market by the FTSE Russell rating agency.
History
Beginnings of the history of the Bucharest Stock Exchange can be traced back to 1839, when the commodities-trade exchanges were established in Bucharest. It was nevertheless only until December 1, 1882 that the BVB was officially inaugurated. One week later, the first exchange rates begun being published in the Official Gazette.
Throughout its existence, the activities of the Bucharest Stock Exchange were affected by the socio-political events of the time, such as the Romanian Uprising of 1907 or the Balkan Wars that took place between 1912 and 1913. The stock exchange was moreover closed during the First World War. When BVB re-opened following the end of the war, it went through a period of 7 years of significant growth, followed by a period of 7 years of accelerated loss.
The activity of the Market for Effects, Actions and Exchange was stopped in 1948, with the establishment of the Communist regime in Romania and the beginning of the nationalisation process. At that time, shares issued by 93 companies and 77 fixed-income instruments (bond type) were listed on the Bucharest Stock Exchange.
The Bucharest Stock Exchange reopened again in 1995, after almost 50 years since it was shut down by the Communist regime. The first trading session was carried out on November 20, 1995. On that date, 905 shares issued by 6 listed companies were traded.
In 2005, BVB absorbed RASDAQ – the over-the-counter electronic stock market. On February 14, 2008, Erste Bank listed on BVB and became the first international company listed on the regulated market.
Subsequently, Bucharest Stock Exchange has experienced a continuous development and is now established as the main stock exchange in Romania. In 2010, Bucharest Stock Exchange listed on its own spot regulated market under the symbol BVB.
In 2010, the Alternative trading system was launched by BVB for SMEs and start-up companies wanting to raise capital from the market. At the end of 2014, it was announced that the equities segment of the ATS market will be re-launched under a new name 'AeRO' which stands for Alternative Exchange in Romania. AeRO was officially relaunched on February 25, 2015 during an official opening of the trading session during which two companies debuted - Delivery Solutions (symbol: SDAY) and Carpathia Capital (CRPC). AeRO targets early stage companies, to finance their projects, growth stories, increase their visibility and contribute to the development of the business environment.
On December 15, 2014 BVB has launched a new website, synchronized with all the channels used by BVB, including social media pages. On March 27, 2015, BVB announced that it was joining the United Nations Sustainable Stock Exchanges initiative making it the 19th stock exchange to join. The Bucharest Stock Exchange is a member of the Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges.
Activities
The Bucharest Stock Exchange is a market and system operator authorized by the Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA) that manages a Regulated market (RM) and an Alternative Trading System (ATS) compatible with European standards. BVB also operates a market section called RASDAQ. The following types of financial instruments are traded on BVB: shares, rights, bonds, fund units, structured products and futures contracts.
BVB operating revenues are generated mainly from trading activity, from membership and listing fees, as well as from data vending to various users.
Regulated Market
The main market of BVB is a spot regulated market where financial instruments such as shares and rights (issued by international and Romanian entities), debt instruments (corporate, municipality and government bonds) issued by Romanian entities and international corporate bonds, UCITs (shares and fund units), structured products and ETFs are traded.
In order to be listed on the regulated market, a company has to fulfill a number of requirements prior to its listing on BVB:
Be a joint stock company (SA)
Have the value of market capitalization / shareholders' equity of at least 1 million euro
Have a free-float of at least 25% (shares not owned by the company, nor by strategic investors)
Be active on the market for the last 3 years and have available financial reports from that period.
AeRO Market
AeRO market is the equities segment of the Alternative trading system (ATS). AeRO market was designed from the need of providing a financing alternative for entrepreneurs, and is the equity segment of the alternative trading system managed by the Bucharest Stock Exchange (BVB). It is a market segment designed for listing of early stage companies, start-ups and SMEs, to finance their projects, growth stories, increase their visibility and contribute to the development of the business environment. Based on the BVB alternative trading system existing since 2010, the AeRO market, under its redesigned and reconstructed concept, was launched on February 25, 2015.
Key features of AeRO market:
It addresses all types of companies, regardless of their size or time since establishment,
It was created for both shares and bonds, as well as for other financial instruments that do not comply with the requirements of the regulated market,
The listing features are simplified, as there is no need for a prospectus to be admitted to trading, but only for a corporate presentation,
The reporting requirements are low as compared to the regulated market,
A company may prepare to get transferred on the regulated market by gradually increasing the free float, the cash.
Indices
Bucharest Stock Exchange has 8 local indices and one international:indices:
BET
BET was the first index developed by BVB. It is the reference index for the capital markets. BET follows the evolution of the 15 most liquid companies listed on BVB regulated market, excluding financial investment companies (SIFs). It is an index weighted by free float capitalization. The maximum weight of the symbol is 20%. The main selection criterion is company's liquidity. Starting with 2015, additional requirements of transparency, quality reporting and communication with investors was imposed.
BET index structure:
Updated 13 November, 2018
BET-TR
BET-TR is the first total return index launched by BVB. It is based on the structure of market reference index BET. BET-TR reflects the evolution of its component shares and dividend yields offered by them. Index is composed of the 13 most traded companies on BVB, excluding SIFs. Similarly to BET, the main selection criterion for BET-TR is the liquidity of the company. Starting with 2015, additional requirement of transparency, quality reporting and communication with investors will be imposed. BET-TR is an index weighted by free float capitalization. The maximum weight of the symbol is 20%.
BET-FI
BET-FI is the first sectoral index launched by BVB. It reflects the evolution of financial investment companies (SIFs) and of other similar institutions. It is an index weighted by free float capitalization. The maximum weight of the symbol is 30%.
BET-XT
BET-XT reflects the price evolution of 25 most liquid companies listed on BVB, including investment firms (SIFs). It is an index weighted by free float capitalization. The maximum weight of the symbol is 15%.
BET-NG
BET-NG is a sectoral index that reflects the evolution of companies listed on BVB regulated market that operate primarily in energy and utilities field. It is an index weighted by free float capitalization. The maximum weight of the symbol is 30%. Number of component shares is variable.
BET-BK
Index BET-BK was created as a benchmark for the fund managers and other institutional investors. The calculation methodology reflects on legal requirements as well as limits of the investment funds. It is an index weighted by free float capitalization. Number of component shares is equal 25.
BET Plus
BET Plus reflects the evolution of Romanian companies listed on BVB regulated market that meet the minimum selection criterion with regards to liquidity and free float. Financial investment companies are excluded from this index. It is an index weighted by free float capitalization. The maximum weight of the symbol is 20%. Number of component shares is variable.
BET-XT-TR
BET-XT-TR is the total return version of BET-XT index, which includes the 25 most traded Romanian companies listed at BVB. BET-XT-TR tracks the price changes of its constituent companies and is adjusted to also reflect the dividends paid by them.
ROTX
ROTX is an index developed by BVB together with the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse). It reflects, in real-time, the movement of the ‘blue chip' shares traded on the Bucharest Stock Exchange. ROTX is an index weighted by free float capitalization, calculated in RON, EUR and USD and disseminated in real time by the Vienna Stock Exchange. ROTX is a tradable index and can be used as an underlying for derivatives and structured products.
Companies Listed
Some of Romania's highest-profile companies are being traded on BVB. The largest companies by market capitalization as of November 2017 are: OMV Petrom S.A., S.N.G.N. Romgaz S.A., Banca Transilvania, BRD – Groupe Société Générale S.A, Fondul Proprietatea, S.N.T.G.N. Transgaz S.A. and Societatea Energetica Electrica S.A.
BVB own shares
Since 2010, Bucharest Stock Exchange is listed on its own market, with a symbol BVB. Bucharest Stock Exchange has a single class of common shares and a capital of 76,741,980 lei divided in 7,674,198 shares with a nominal value of RON 10 per share. All the shares are fully paid. The free float of BVB shares is equal 100%. In accordance with the provisions of the Government Emergency Ordinance no. 90/2014 amending and supplementing the Law no. 297/2004 regarding the capital market, a shareholder of a market operator cannot own directly or indirectly more than 20% of the total voting rights. As of November 30, 2014, the Romanian legal entities constituted the largest group of the BVB shareholders (69.19%), followed by foreign legal entities (15.47%), Romanian private individuals (14.79%), and foreign private individuals (0.54%). In November 2014, European Bank for Reconstruction and Development has acquired 4.99% stake in the Bucharest Stock Exchange.
Legal Framework
The legal framework for exchange operations in Romania is provided by the following legal acts:
The Capital Market Law no. 297/2004
CNVM Regulation no. 1/2006 on Issuers and Operations with Securities
CNVM Regulation no. 2/2006 on Regulated Markets and Alternative Trading System
Additionally, the BVB is governed by Constitutive Act of the Commercial Company Bursa de Valori Bucuresti S.A. and the Regulation on the Organization and Functioning of the Bursa de Valori Bucuresti whereas the respective markets are governed by the Bucharest Stock Exchange Rulebook for Market Operators and ATS Rulebook for System Operators.
Information services
BVB supplies its participant with a wide range of tools that provide real time prices and trading data. Some of the most popular products provided by BVB are:
ArenaXT – provides investors with access to the live market data that professional traders rely on. It offers investors real-time, in-depth market information, delivered in a cost-effective and user-friendly way.
ON LINE Terminal – provides online trading information based on best prices.
ON LINE Quotes – provides online trading information per symbol.
Currently BVB provides real time data to, inter alia: Thomson Reuters, Bloomberg L.P., Standard & Poor's and many others.
Opening times
Bucharest Stock Exchange trades daily from Monday to Friday. The hours differ depending on the market and the instrument type. The regulated market (REGS) has pre-market sessions from 9:30 – 9:45 AM Eastern European Time (EET), normal trading sessions from 9:45 - 17:55, pre-close session from 17:55 – 18:00, trading at last session from 18:00 until 18:10 PM and closed session at 18:10 PM.
The Stock Exchange does not trade on Saturdays and Sundays as well as Romanian national holiday days, declared by BVB in advance.
See also
BET-13
Economy of Romania
Foreign trade of Romania
List of companies of Romania
List of stock exchanges
References
External links
Bucharest Stock Exchange
1882 establishments in Romania
Stock Exchange
Stock Exchange
Stock exchanges in Europe
Economy of Romania
The Schweizer Musikzeitung (SMZ) is a monthly (9 times a year) music magazine from Brunnen. It is published in German, French and sporadically in Italian and reaches a circulation of 19,484 copies and a reach of 24,000 readers. Editor-in-chief is Katrin Spelinova-Bösch.
History
In 1861, the Schweizerisches Sängerblatt was created from the kantonalbernisches Sängerblatt; in the same year, the Schweizer Gesang- und Musiklehrerverein (today Swiss Music Pedagogic Association) launched the journal Der Volksgesang, which was added to the SMZ from 1906. From 1879, the Sängerblatt was published as the Schweizerische Musikzeitung und Sängerblatt and was split off in 1937 for the ; the Schweizerische Musikzeitung was henceforth published in German and French (as Revue Musicale Suisse).
In 1983, the old SMZ was discontinued after the withdrawal of the Schweizerischer Tonkünstlerverein and the Schweizer musikpädagogische Blätter of the SMPV (French Cahiers suisse de pédagogie musicale) were reactivated. It was not until 1997 that the merger of the previous association journals of SMPV, VMS (VMS-Bulletin/Animato since 1977), SMV (Schweizer Musikerblatt since 1914), EOV (Das Orchester since 1934) and JMS was decided and – "despite objections from the Tonkünstlerverein" – republished from 1998 as Schweizer Musikzeitung.
Until 31 December 2014, the Schweizer Musikzeitung association, based in Brunnen, published the Schweizer Musikzeitung. After that, the association was liquidated and the newspaper was published by NZZ Fachmedien AG. Since 1 October 2018 it is published by CH Media, a joint venture of the NZZ Mediengruppe and the on CH Media.
The Schweizer Musikzeitung publishes interdisciplinary articles from a musical perspective on topics from culture, pedagogy and culture and education policy. In addition to specialist articles, interviews and reports, the newspaper prints reviews of specialist literature, music supplies, DVDs and CDs and publishes a job advertiser for music professions.
For the daily news on the web platform, the Schweizer Musikzeitung cooperates with the online magazine Codex Flores.
The Schweizer Musikzeitung is the official organ of the following music associations:
Eidgenössischer Orchesterverband (EOV)
Konferenz Musikhochschulen Schweiz (KMHS)
Kalaidos Musikhochschule
Schweizer Musikrat (SMR) and IG
Schweizerische Gesellschaft für Musik-Medizin (SMM)
(SMG)
Swiss Musicians' Union (SMV)
Swiss Music Pedagogic Association (SMPV)
Stiftung Schweizerischer Jugendmusikwettbewerb (SJMW) and Arosa Kultur
Verband Musikschulen Schweiz (VMS)
Another partner is the SUISA – Cooperative Society of Authors and Publishers of Music
References
External links
Classical music magazines
Magazines published in Switzerland
Nine times annually magazines
Magazines established in 1861
The Tween Summit is a yearly event hosted by the NCMEC, Cox Communications, and John Walsh where young people aged 8–14 and their parents gather in Washington DC to discuss internet safety.
Topics at the 3rd Annual event in 2008
John Walsh and Lauren Nelson, Miss America 2007 hosted the discussion which covered research on the behavior of young people, primarily those between the ages of eight and twelve.
Results of Survey
73% of tweens report that their parents have talked to them "a lot" about internet safety
96% tell their parents at least some of what they do online
79% tell their parents everything
91% of those who tell someone when they receive online messages from strangers reach out to mom and dad
91% are online by age 9
27% admit to lying about their age online
One in ten have responded to and chatted online with people they do not know
One in five have posted personal info about themselves on the internet
The number of kids online nearly even triples from ages eight to ten and eleven to fourteen
See also
ThinkUKnow
References
External links
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
Cox Take Charge Website
Fox Business July 22, 2008
Internet safety
Ramón Abraham Castro (born March 1, 1976) is a former professional baseball catcher, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Florida Marlins, New York Mets and Chicago White Sox.
Career
Early career
On June 2 1994, Castro was selected by the Houston Astros in the first round (17th overall pick) of the Major League Baseball draft, becoming the first player to be drafted out of Puerto Rico in the first round. He remained the highest-selected player drafted directly from a Puerto Rico high school until 2012, when Carlos Correa became the first overall pick.
Florida Marlins
He was traded to the Florida Marlins in 1998 for relief pitcher Jay Powell.
Castro made his major league debut on August 27, 1999 in a game against the Houston Astros. He spent 1999 and 2000 competing with Mike Redmond for playing time and, when Charles Johnson arrived in Florida, Castro spent most of the 2001 season in the minor leagues. In 2002, he was back in the majors but as a third option and, in 2003, he played behind Iván Rodríguez as the Marlins won the 2003 World Series. However, Castro did not appear in the series. In 2004 Rodríguez was gone, giving Castro his first opportunity as a starter but a .135 batting average and an early-June season-ending injury finished his time in Florida. Paul Lo Duca finished out the Marlins' catching duties for 2004. The Marlins released Castro in October 2004.
Castro is known as a good defensive catcher, but, despite showing occasional home run power has never displayed sufficient hitting skills to win a job as a starter, along with struggling with injuries throughout his career. While never hitting for a superior average, however, his hits are often well-timed.
New York Mets
In December 2004, Castro signed with the New York Mets. In 2005, he was a backup catcher to Mike Piazza, with 41 RBIs in 209 at-bats, a career-best .244 batting average, and playing solid defense.
When Piazza became a free agent after the season, it looked like Castro might again get a chance to be a starter, but the Mets traded for Paul Lo Duca who previously had replaced Castro in Florida. Injuries further reduced his role in 2006, limiting him to 126 at-bats.
When Lo Duca left after the 2007 season, many fans called for Castro to start, but the job instead went to newcomer Brian Schneider. It was most likely due to his injury-riddled career, which became evident once more when he strained his hamstring late in spring training that year, missing the beginning of the season.
Chicago White Sox
On May 29, 2009, Ramon was traded to the Chicago White Sox for pitcher Lance Broadway after Omir Santos won the backup job with the return of Brian Schneider from the DL.
On July 23, 2009, Castro became the 17th backstop in Major League Baseball history to catch a perfect game, receiving Mark Buehrle's second no-hitter. It was his first time catching for Buehrle, who stated afterwards that he did not shake off Castro at any time during the game.
On January 12, 2010, Castro re-signed with the Chicago White Sox on a 1-year $800,000 contract with a club option for 2011. He played in 37 games in 2010 and 23 games in 2011.
Los Angeles Dodgers
After not playing in 2012, Castro signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers in January 2013. He was released on March 18, 2013.
Long Island Ducks
Castro signed with the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
Telemarket Rimini
Castro signed a contract to play with Telemarket Rimini of Italian Baseball League during the 2013 season.
Personal life
Ramon Castro was raised in Sabana Puerto Rico. Since he was little he loved playing baseball. In high school he was the first Puerto Rican to be drafted by the Houston Astros. Recently he married Brenda Castro. They have two daughters: Mairym (born December 21, 1995), and Nathalie (born July 15, 1999), Miosoty (born January 23, 2001) and he has another daughter by a different mother, Isabella (born December 22, 2001) They are currently living in Miramar, Florida.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Puerto Rico
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
American people convicted of indecent assault
Auburn Astros players
Calgary Cannons players
Charlotte Knights players
Chicago White Sox players
Puerto Rican expatriate baseball players in Italy
Florida Marlins players
Gulf Coast Astros players
Gulf Coast Mets players
Jackson Generals (Texas League) players
Kissimmee Cobras players
Long Island Ducks players
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball players from Puerto Rico
New York Mets players
People from Vega Baja, Puerto Rico
Portland Sea Dogs players
Puerto Rican expatriate baseball players in Canada
Quad Cities River Bandits players
St. Lucie Mets players
Rimini Baseball Club players
The ancient Egyptian noble Intefiqer (ỉnỉ-ỉt.f ỉqr) was overseer of the city and Vizier under Amenemhet I and Senusret I during the early 12th Dynasty (1991–1802 BC). He is known from several rock inscriptions in Lower Nubia, showing that he was part of a military mission into this region. He appears in an inscription found at the Red Sea coast and in the so-called Reisner Papyrus. Two rock inscriptions in Lower Nubia mention him. They seem to indicate that he was involved in a military campaign into this region. The inscriptions are not dated, but other inscriptions in the region seem to indicate a military campaign in year 29 of Amenemhet I, which corresponds to the 9th year of Senusret I. Intefiqer is also known from a stela found at Wadi el-Hudi, dated to year 20. It reports the bringing of Amethyst.<ref>Ashraf I. Sadek: The Amethyst Mining Inscriptions I, Text, Warminster 1980, p. 22-24 (no. 8)</ref>
The tomb of his mother Senet in Thebes is in Sheikh Abd el-Qurna in the Theban Necropolis, opposite Luxor. Intefiqer was buried in a mastaba at Lisht, next to the pyramid of Amenemhet I.
References
Bibliography
Norman de Garis Davies: The tomb of Antefoker, vizier of Sesostris I, and of his wife, Senet (no. 60), London 1920
Wolfram Grajetzki: Court Officials of the Egyptian Middle Kingdom, London 2009 p. 27-30
William Kelly Simpson: Rulers and Administrators - Dynasty 12, The Rule of the House of Itj-towy with Some Personal Reminiscenes, In: D. P. Silverman, W. K. Simpson, J. Wegner (Hrsg.): Archaism and Innovation: Studies in the Culture of Middle Kingdom Egypt'', New Haven, Philadelphia 2009 S. 269-97
Viziers of the Twelfth Dynasty of Egypt
Ancient Egyptian overseers of the city
Rata Wiremu Harrison (3 January 1935 – 30 April 2013) was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented New Zealand.
He was the brother of fellow New Zealand international Billy Harrison.
Playing career
Harrison played for Auckland. He played in two test matches for New Zealand in 1961, against France.
On 13 August 1962, Harrison was part of the Auckland side who defeated Great Britain 46-13 at Carlaw Park. This was the first televised rugby league match in New Zealand, as one hour of edited highlights were shown on AKTV2 that night and other regional channels showed the highlights the following week.
Harrison died on 30 April 2013.
References
1935 births
2013 deaths
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
Auckland rugby league team players
Rugby league props
Bruno Nöckler (6 October 1956 – 17 August 1982) was an Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics at Lake Placid, where he finished in sixth place overall in the giant slalom.
Career
In World Cup racing, he finished on the podium twice – in third place in the slalom on 27 February 1977 in Furano, Japan and in the giant slalom on 11 February 1981 in Voss, Norway.
At World Championships Schladming 1982, Nöckler finished 5th in Giant Slalom.
His best results in Alpine World Cup: 3rd - Slalom Furano 27 February 1977, 4th – Giant Slalom Aare 21 March 1977, 5th – Slalom Kitzbuehel 13 January 1980, 4th Giant Slalom Adelboden 21 January 1980, 5th - Giant Slalom Morzine 6 January 1981, 4th Giant Slalom Schladming 3 February 1981, 3rd Giant Slalom Voss 11 February 1981. In Italian Championships 1980/81 he was victorious in Slalom und finished second in Giant Slalom.
Death
While taking the opportunity to visit the "Tongariro"-National Park on a day off from training, he died in a car accident, along with coach Ilario Pegorari (a former alpine skier, born 9 January 1949), fitness coach Karl Pichler, and masseur Ivano Ruzza on 17 August 1982, in Ruapehu, New Zealand.
The car of the Italians crashed into a car of a New Zealand's family with five persons inside. The driver of that family's car was very heavily injured. A further Italian skier, Carlo Gerosa (born on 30 November 1964), got off with minor injuries. Ivano Ruzza was taken to a hospital where he died due to his heavy injuries.
References
External links
1956 births
1982 deaths
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
People from Prettau
Germanophone Italian people
Road incident deaths in New Zealand
Sportspeople from Südtirol
Villazón is a town in southern Bolivia, on the border with Argentina. It sits directly across La Quiaca River from La Quiaca in Argentina. The town is a busy trading hub, with large quantities of goods flowing north.
It is also a heavily used transit hub for tourists passing into Bolivia. A train line connects Villazón with Tupiza, Uyuni and Oruro. Two train services, the Expreso del Sur and slightly cheaper Wara Wara del Sur, each run twice a week. Buses also connect to many destinations.
Gallery
Populated places in Potosí Department
Argentina–Bolivia border crossings
Büşra Ün (born 19 May 1994) is a Turkish female Paralympic wheelchair tennis player.
Early years
Büşra Ün was born in Izmir. At the age of six-and-half-months, her parents noticed that she has no feeling at her feet. She was diagnosed with neuroblastoma having a malignant tumor in her right abdomen. After one-and-half-year-long chemotherapy and two surgeries, the tumor was removed. However, due to damaged nerves, she became paraplegic.
Currently, she is a student of sport management at Ege University in Izmir.
Playing career
She began with table tennis playing, and then switched over to wheelchair tennis in February 2009 as she was studying in the high school's fourth grade in Buca. She plays right handed.
She is Turkish champion in the women's and junior's category. In 2010, she won the Balkan Championship. She is on the third place in the world's under-18 ranking. In the world's list, she climbed up to the 30th place.
Ün obtained a quota spot at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. She is so the first ever Turkish wheelchair tennis player to represent her country at the Paralympics.
References
Living people
1994 births
Sportspeople from İzmir
Turkish female tennis players
Turkish wheelchair tennis players
Ege University alumni
People with paraplegia
Paralympic wheelchair tennis players of Turkey
Wheelchair tennis players at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
20th-century Turkish women
21st-century Turkish women
Admire Mars (, foaled 16 March 2016) is a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse. As a juvenile in 2018 he was undefeated in four races including the Daily Hai Nisai Stakes and the Asahi Hai Futurity Stakes and won the JRA Award for Best Two-Year-Old Colt. In his first two races of 2019 he was beaten in the Tokinominoru Kinen and the Satsuki Sho before returning to winning form to take the NHK Mile Cup. In December he won the Hong Kong Mile. He failed to win in 2020 but ran third in both the Mile Championship and the Hong Kong Mile.
Background
Admire Mars is a chestnut horse with a white blaze and a long white sock on his left hind leg bred in Hokkaido by Northern Farm. As a yearling in 2017 he was consigned to the Select Sale and was bought for ¥56,160,000 by Riichi Kondo. He was sent into training with Yasuo Tomomichi.
He was from the eighth crop of foals sired by Daiwa Major, an outstanding miler whose wins included the Tenno Sho, Mile Championship and Yasuda Kinen. As a breeding stallion he has also sired Major Emblem, Curren Black Hill (NHK Mile Cup), Reine Minoru (Oka Sho) and Epice Arome (Centaur Stakes). Admire Mars' dam Via Medici showed good racing form in France, winning four races including the Group 3 Prix de Lieurey. She was sold for €480,000 in December 2014 and exported to Japan. Via Medici was a female line descendant of Rossellina, a full-sister to Ribot.
Racing career
2018: two-year-old season
Admire Mars was ridden in all of his 2018 starts by Mirco Demuro. The colt made a successful racecourse debut when he recorded a narrow win over Cadence Call in a contest for previously unraced juveniles over 1600 metres at Chukyo Racecourse on 30 June. Three weeks later, over the same course and distance, he followed up with a three length win in the Chukyo Nisai Stakes, beating A Shin Zone and five others.
On his return from a break of over four months Admire Mars was stepped up in class for the Grade 2 Daily Hai Nisai Stakes at Kyoto Racecourse on 10 November and went off the 4/5. He maintained his unbeaten record as he won by half a length from Meisho Shobu. On 16 December the colt was moved up in class again and started 3.6/1 second favourite behind the filly Gran Alegria for the Grade 1 Asahi Hai Futurity Stakes at Hanshin Racecourse. The best fancied of the other thirteen runners were Fantasist (Keio Hai Nisai Stakes), Cadence Call (Niigata Nisai Stakes), Meiner Surpass, De Gaulle (runner-up in the Saudi Arabia Royal Cup), Emeral Flight and Aster Pegasus (Hakodate Nisai Stakes). Demuro settled the colt in third place as It's Cool set the pace from Gran Alegria before making a forward move as the field turned into the straight. Admire Mars gained the advantage 300 metres from the finish and drew away in the closing stages to win by two lengths from the outsider Kurino Gaudi with Gran Alegria half a length back in third. Demuro commented "everything went smoothly. He showed a terrific turn of foot. He's a smart colt and hates to lose so I'm looking forward to seeing how he improves next season".
In the official ratings for Japanese two-year-olds Admire Mars was rated the best juvenile of the year, one pound ahead of the Hopeful Stakes winner Saturnalia. In January 2019 Admire Mars topped the polling for the Best Two-Year-Old Colt at the JRA Awards for 2018, receiving 153 votes against Saturnalia's 123.
2019: three-year-old season
Admire Mars began his second season on 10 February when he contested the Tokinominoru Kinen (a trial race for the Satsuki Sho) over 1800 metres at Tokyo Racecourse. He started the 0.7/1 favourite in a seven-runner field but sustained his first defeat as he was beaten one and a quarter lengths into second place by Yamanin Kingly. On 14 April at Nakayama Racecourse Admire Mars was made second favourite behind Saturnalia for the Satsuki Sho over 2000 metres. After tracking the leaders he was switched to the outside to make his challenge in the straight but despite making some progress he never looked likely to win and came home fourth behind Saturnalia, Velox and Yamanin Kingly beaten just over two lengths by the winner.
The 24th running of the Grade 1 NHK Mile Cup at Tokyo on 5 May saw Admire Mars dropped back in distance and start second favourite behind Gran Alegria, who was attempting to follow up her victory in the Oka Sho. The other sixteen runners included his old rivals Fantasist, Kurino Gaudi and Cadence Call as well as Danon Chaser (Kisaragi Sho), Wide Pharaoh (New Zealand Trophy), Pourville (Fillies' Revue), Iberis (Arlington Cup), Happy Hour (Falcon Stakes) and Val d'Isere (Shinzan Kinen). Admire Mars did not start well and was forced to race on the outside in mid-division as Iberis set the pace from Kurino Gaudi and Pourville. After turning into the straight he launched a sustained run down the centre of the track, took the lead 100 metres from the finish and won by half a length and a nose from Cadence Call and Catedral. After the race Demuro said "his start wasn't so good and we had to race in a lower position than hoped, but he just hates to lose - once another runner came up next to him, he found his second wind. He's truly an amazing miler".
On 19 October Admire Mars returned from a long summer break to contest the Grade 3 Fuji Stakes over 1600 metres at Tokyo in which he was matched against older horses. He was made the 1.1/1 favourite but was never in serious contention and came home ninth of the eighteen runners as victory went to the four-year-old filly Normcore. Riichi Kondo died in November 2019 and the ownership of the horse passed to the executors of his estate. For his final run of the year the colt was one of four Japanese horses sent to Sha Tin Racecourse to contest the Hong Kong Mile on 8 December when he was ridden by Christophe Soumillon and started a 26/1 outsider. Beauty Generation and Indy Champ started joint favourites while the other seven runners included Normcore, Persian Knight (Mile Championship) and Waikuku (Jockey Club Mile). After racing in mid-division Admire Mars began to make progress in last quarter mile, overtook Beauty Generation 150 metres from the finish, and repelled the late challenge of Waikuku to win by half a length. After the race Soumillon said "I knew my horse was very strong... he was the best two-year-old in Japan last year and probably the best three-year-old in Japan this year as well... I told the lad before the race when I saw the odds on the screen that there was something wrong there – I thought he should have been in the first four favourites... But I rode my race like he was the favourite and it paid off".
In January 2020, at the JRA Awards for 2019, Admire Mars finished runner-up to Saturnalia in the poll to determine the Best Three-Year-Old Colt, receiving 107 votes to his rival's 124. He also finished second to Indy Champ in the voting for the JRA Award for Best Sprinter or Miler
2020: four-year-old season
In the early spring of 2020 Admire Mars was sent to the United Arab Emirates with the intention of contesting the Dubai Turf on 28 March but returned to Japan when the race was abandoned owing to the COVID-19 pandemic. He made his first appearance of the year in the Yasuda Kinen over 1600 metres at Tokyo when he started a 19.2/1 outsider and came home sixth behind Gran Alegria after racing in third place for most of the way.
Admire Mars was then off the track until 31 October when he ran third to Katsuji and Stelvio in the Grade 2 Swan Stakes over 1400 metres at Kyoto, conceding weight to the first two finishers. On 22 November the colt went off the 10.1/ fourth choice in the betting for the Mile Championship at Hanshin. Ridden as in his previous 2020 starts by Yuga Kawada he took the lead 200 metres from the finish but was beaten into third place by Gran Alegria and Indy Champ. In December he returned to Sha Tin and was partnered by Ryan Moore as he attempted to repeat his 2019 success in the Hong Kong Mile. Starting at odds of 4.4/1 he went to the front 400 metres out but was overtaken in the straight and came home third behind the locally-trained contenders Golden Sixty and Southern Legend.
In the 2020 World's Best Racehorse Rankings, Admire Mars was rated on 118, making him the equal 80th best racehorse in the world.
Pedigree
References
2016 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Japan
Racehorses trained in Japan
Thoroughbred family 4-l
Over the millennia of its development, Hinduism has adopted several iconic symbols, forming part of Hindu iconography, that are imbued with spiritual meaning based on either the scriptures or cultural traditions. The exact significance accorded to any of the icons varies with region, period and denomination of the followers. Over time some of the symbols, for instance the Swastika has come to have wider association while others like Om are recognized as unique representations of Hinduism. Other aspects of Hindu iconography are covered by the terms murti, for icons and mudra for gestures and positions of the hands and body.
Hindu sacraments
Hindu sacraments are physical pieces of that help objects or markings that are considered sacred and used as a sign of devotion by the followers of Sanathana Dharma (Hinduism). These are often objects associated with a puja (prayer) or religious ceremony.
Tilaka
The tilaka (or tilak) is a mark worn on the forehead or other parts of the body as a sign of spiritual devotion. Hindus may wear a tilaka regularly or especially on religious occasions. The shape of the tilaka is often an indicator of devotion to a certain deity. For example, a 'U' shape tilaka usually denotes devotion to Vishnu, while Shiva devotees often wear it in the form of three horizontal lines. It may be made of saffron, vermilion, turmeric, clay or simply ash.
To denote marriage and auspiciousness, married Hindu women commonly wear a decorative vermilion dot or bindu, or bindī on the forehead. This is analogous to a wedding ring worn in western countries. In southern India, the mark is called pottu (or bottu). The exact shape, size and location of the bindi or pottu shows regional variation; for instance, in northern India the bindi is often worn just below the hairline, while in southern India it is more common to wear it between the eyebrows. In east India, especially in West Bengal, traditionally larger bindis are worn as mark of devotion towards Goddess Durga.
Vibhuti
Vibhuti (☰) is the holy ash obtained from sacred puja rites involving fire. Also a variant called Basma used as Vibhuti is prepared from the purified ashes of cow dung. Ash as the product of fire is considered intrinsically pure. It is used on the forehead, normally as three horizontal lines representing Shiva. Some Hindus meld both the three horizontal vibhuti lines of Shiva and the 'U' shape thilaka of Vishnu in an amalgam marker signifying Hari-Hara (Vishnu-Shiva). In addition, sacred ash signifies that the body's origin is from dust and ash and to dust and ash it shall return. The ash is a marker of impermanence. Everything in the interim is but an illusion (maya).
Vibhuti, when applied to the forehead, also symbolizes the willingness to destroy negative thoughts and qualities (jealousy, envy, anger, greed, etc.), as these negative qualities, if not destroyed, will bring all kinds of pains in life.
Rudraksha
Rudraksha (📿) are seeds of the rudraksha tree that, in Hinduism, represent the tears of Lord Shiva (also known as, Rudra). They are often threaded into a necklace and used as a rosary to accompany prayer and meditation.
Universal symbols
Among the most revered symbols in Hinduism, three are a quintessential part of its culture, and are most representative of its general ethos:
Om (pronounced Aum)
Om (or Aum, ॐ) is the sacred sound symbol that represents Universe; the ultimate reality (Brahman). It is prefixed and sometimes suffixed to all Vedic mantras and prayers. Aum is often said to represent God in the three aspects of Brahman (A), Vishnu (U) and Shiva (M). As the Divine primordial vibration, it represents the one ultimate reality , underlying and encompassing all nature and all existence. The written syllable ॐ called omkara serves as a deeply significant and distinctly recognizable symbol for Hindu dharma. The pronunciation of Aum moves through all possible human linguistic vowel sounds and is different from the pronunciation of Om. Both are often symbolically equated, although they are sonically distinct.
Swastika
is a symbol connoting general auspiciousness. It may represent purity of soul, truth, and stability or, alternatively, Surya, the sun. Its rotation in four directions has been used to represent many ideas, but primarily describes the four directions, the four Vedas and their harmonious whole. Its use in Hinduism dates back to ancient times.
Sri Chakra Yantra
Sri Chakra Yantra of Tripura Sundari (commonly referred to as Sri Yantra) is a mandala formed by nine interlocking triangles. Four of these triangles are oriented upright, representing Shiva or the Masculine. Five of these triangles are inverted triangles representing Shakti, or the Feminine. Together, the nine triangles form a web symbolic of the entire cosmos, a womb symbolic of creation, and together express Advaita Vedanta or non-duality. All other yantras are derivatives of this supreme yantra.
Symbols associated with individual deities
Several symbols (animals, flora, instruments, weapons, or even color) in Hindu iconography are associated with particular devas, and vice versa. In certain cases the deities themselves are personifications of natural forces, for instance Agni (fire), Vayu (wind), Surya (Sun) and Prithvi (Earth). In other instances, the associations arise from specific incidents or characteristics related in Hindu theology. The iconography serve to identify the particular deity in their pictorial or sculptural representations. The symbolism also often links the deities with a particular natural or human attribute, or profession.
It is important to understand the symbolism, in order to appreciate the allegorical references in not only Hindu scriptures (for instance, Puranic tales), but also in both ancient and modern secular works of authors from the Indian subcontinent. The art and science of designing temples includes the study of sculpture and the ornamentation of religious significance as described in sacred texts (shilpa shaastra aagamas). In Ancient India twelve years of theoretical and practical training used to be given to the student by an able experienced teacher.
Shiva Lingam
The Shiva Lingam represents the deity Shiva, and is used as a symbol of the power of fertility and strength . Shivalinga (Sivalinga) is the most important and a popular symbolic representation of Shiva in Hinduism. It represents Shiva in his aspects of the creator, protector, and the destroyer in Shaiva traditions.
Meaning
The word ‘Shivalinga' is a combination of the words ‘Shiva' (auspiciousness) and linga (sign or symbol). Thus ‘Shivalinga' is a representation of Shiva in His all-auspicious aspect. Linga has been translated as phallus, which refers to his aspect of the masculine principle. ‘Linga' also means the place of dissolution of the disintegrated universe.
Types
Based on the mobility of the object of worship, Shivalingas are broadly divided into two categories – ‘Cala' and ‘Acala'
Cala Shivalinga
These are made of stone, crystal, metals, clay, rice, dough, etc. These can be moved from one place to another.
Acala Shivalingas
The sacred texts describe many types of the lingas based on variations in the proportion
Shivalingas are installed in temples and are fixed to ground or a base. They are usually made of stones or metals. The sacred texts suggest that the shiva linga must have three parts. A bottom most 1/3rd part that is in the earth - Brahma bhagam (represents Brahma, the Creator of the World) it is rectangular in cross-section.
A middle 1/3rd part is called Vishnu bhagam or Vishnu Bhaga (it represents Vishnu, the Protector and sustainer of the world; it is octagonal in cross-section. Both the Brahma bhagam and Vishnu bhagam are embedded in peetham (the ornamental pedestal). A visible 1/3rd Shiva Pooja bhagam or Pooja bhaga (also known as Rudra bhagam or Rudra bhaga) which is top most part which is worshiped. It is circular in cross-section and cylindrical in shape. It represents Rudra (Shiva), the destroyer of the world. It is known as Pooja bhagam because this part is worshipped. Brahmasutras: These are certain essential lines present on the Rudra bhagam (Rudra bhaga). Without them a Shivlinga is unfit to be worshipped. The Shiva linga is at the level of ground and easily accessible to the worshipers irrespective of their caste, social or economic status.
Lotus
The lotus is associated with the creation theology as well as the gods Vishnu, Brahma, and Lakshmi. It is the symbol of beauty and fertility. "In the Bhagavad Gita, a human is adjured to be like the lotus; they should work without attachment, dedicating their actions to God, untouched by sin like water on a lotus leaf, like a beautiful flower standing high above the mud and water."
Veena
The musical instrument Veena is associated with the Hindu goddess Saraswati and the sage Narada. It represents arts and learning.
Conch
The conch shell is a major Hindu article of prayer, used as a trumpeting announcement of all sorts. The God of Preservation, Vishnu, is said to hold a special conch, Panchajanya, that represents life as it has come out of life-giving waters. In the story of Dhruva the divine conch plays a special part. The warriors of ancient India would blow conch shells to announce battle, such as is famously represented in the beginning of the war of Kurukshetra in the Mahabharata, a famous Hindu epic. The conch shell is also a deep part of Hindu symbolic and religious tradition. Today most Hindus use the conch as a part of their religious practices, blowing it during worship at specific points, accompanied by ceremonial bells. Shankha also symbolizes the sound that created the universe and stands for knowledge.
Chakra
The Chakra or disc-like weapon of Vishnu is often found mounted on the top of Vaishnava temples or incorporated into architectural designs. Images depicting Vishnu's four-armed Narayana form almost always include the Chakra in one of his hands. It is a general symbol for protection. Chakra is also known to symbolize the need to follow dharma and to condemn adharma.
Multiple heads and arms
An array of Hindu, Buddhist, and some Jain deities are often depicted with multiple heads, arms, and other body parts, creating what one author refers to as a "multiplicity convention" in religious iconography. Such multiple body parts represent the divine omnipresence and immanence (ability to be in many places at once and simultaneously exist in all places at once), and thereby the ability to influence many things at once. The specific meanings attributed to the multiple body parts of an image are symbolic, not literal in context. In such depictions, the visual effect of an array of multiple arms is to create a kinetic energy showing that ability.
Vāhana
Vāhana or vehicle, sometimes called a mount, is an animal or mythical entity closely associated with a particular deity in Hindu theology. Sometimes the deity is iconographically depicted riding and/or mounted on the vahana; other times, the vahana is depicted at the deity's side or symbolically represented as a divine attribute.
Vishnu
Vishnu is the Protector-God. Of the three gods of the Hindu Triad, Vishnu, being the Preserver, appears most human. The Rig Vedic Vishnu is conceived as the sun in three stages - rising, zenith and setting. The Vedic Vishnu strides through the heavens in three steps. This is Vishnu's great deed and constitutes his great glory. With these three steps Vishnu, a solar deity, courses through the three divisions of the universe, "the god being manifest in a threefold form, as Agni on earth, Indra or Vayu in the atmosphere and Surya in the sky". He is said to have taken these three steps for the preservation and benefit of mortals. The zenith is appropriately called Vishnu's place. His third step cannot be seen with human eyes. It is here that Indra dwells.
Table of symbols
Gopura
It is the tower that was built on the wall of entrance. It was many storied building, up to one storied to sixteen storied. It contains many porticoes like kudaivarai, prasthra, karnakuta, sala, panchara, kudu. It can be seen mainly in south Indian temples with Dravidian architecture.
See also
Ashtamangala
References
Notes
Sources
Vastu-Silpa Kosha, Encyclopedia of Hindu Temple architecture and Vastu/S.K.Ramachandara Rao, Delhi, Devine Books, (Lala Murari Lal Chharia Oriental series) (Set).
Kaasyapa shilpa shaastra: part-2- department of endowments - andhra pradesh - India.
Bhaarathiya mahashilpamu: in 16 parts - swarna subramanya kavi - 1971 TTD Govt of Andhra pradesh supported publication.
Further reading
Rao, T. A. Gopinatha (1998). Elements of Hindu Iconography (in 4 Parts), New Delhi: Motilal Banarsidass,
Jansen, Eva Rudy (1993). The book of Hindu Imagery: Gods, Manifestations and Their Meaning. Binkey Kok Publications, Havelte, The Netherlands. .
Dr G Gnanananda, "Pratima Lakshana - complete information on the characteristics of gods like Ganesh, Skanda, Aiyappa and Brahma for carving idols:, Bangalore.
Dr G Gnanananda, "Adranareeshvara Sampradayika shilpa (2019) : Iconography and traditional sculptural qualities, characteristic and methodologies are explained in detail" Sanskriti Sahithya Pratisthana, Bangalore Publications.
External links
The Metropolitan Museum of Art: Recognizing the Gods
Hindu Symbols
Indian sculpture
Indian art
Indian iconography
The Bursa Cup is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts. The event is classified as a $60,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Bursa, Turkey, since 2015.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
External links
ITF search
ITF Women's World Tennis Tour
Clay court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Turkey
Sport in Bursa
Recurring sporting events established in 2015
2015 establishments in Turkey
Henry Ferrini (born 1953, Boston, Massachusetts, United States) is an American non-fiction filmmaker best known for his portraits of Jack Kerouac and Charles Olson.
Ferrini attended Bard College at Simon's Rock in Great Barrington, MA where he studied music. During the administration of President Jimmy Carter under a CETA Grant he learned the craft of filmmaking while making The Light, the Quality, the Time, the Place, a meditation on environmental responsibility. In 1980 he started Ferrini Productions, a film and video production company that produces independent films with grants from cultural agencies and private individuals.
Ferrini has worked as a cinematographer on many independent documentaries. His own films are acknowledged for his painterly eye and his non-linear story-telling style, which focus on the relationship between the artist and their connection to place.
He resides in Gloucester, Massachusetts, with his wife Susan Steiner and their son, Isaac.
Filmography
Poem in Action (1990) Early on Vincent Ferrini (1913–2007) chose poetry as a way of life. Lawrence Ferlinghetti, in "The Sea and Ourselves at Cape Ann," called Vincent, "the conscience of Gloucester." This sixty-minute film poem demonstrates Ferrini's unrelenting commitment to art and life.
Radio Fishtown (1990) From his cramped and lonely studio in Gloucester, Simon Geller ran the only one-man radio station in the country. Narrated by Robert J. Lurtsema, the Boston Globe called Radio Fishtown, "a piece of poetic silver." The film explores the relationship between listeners and a man everyone heard but few ever saw.
Middle Street (1994) is crowded with churches, municipal buildings and funeral parlors. Narrated by Willie Alexander, Middle Street travels over wharves, through religious festivals and into the flicker of home movies to chart a return course to one's youth.
Witch City (1996) Salem, Massachusetts is a place that exists as both a city and a metaphor. Called, "a tale of two cities" by USA Today the film reveals that commercialism and greed are the new metaphors for a witchcraft business that turns the tragedy of 1692 into the city's meal ticket. A film by Joe Cultrera, Henry Ferrini, John Stanton, Bob Quinn and Phil Lamy.
Lowell Blues (2000) remembers the place Jack Kerouac could not forget. By fusing visual history, language and jazz into a 30-minute film poem, Lowell Blues uses the voices of Robert Creeley, Gregory Corso, David Amram and Johnny Depp to reveal the wonders of Kerouac's childhood holy land.
Last Call: Dreams, Main Street and the Search for Community (2002) Photographed and edited by Ferrini and directed by John Stanton. Last Call takes a personal look at a Nantucket barroom that flourished during the 1960s but did not survive the island's transformation from hardscrabble fishing town into one of the most valuable pieces of real estate in America.
Polis is this (2007) Charles Olson, poet/educator, was the big fire source for a generation of artists and poets. Stan Brakhage, Amiri Baraka and Anne Waldman, to name a few, made pilgrimages to his cold-water flat at 28 Fort Square. The sixty-minute film moves from Massachusetts to Black Mountain College to Cape Ann following Robert Creeley's precept that "Form is never more than an extension of content." The filmmaker and writer Ken Riaf put this idea to good use as the film grows organically out of the content rather than ideas imposed from outside. The film stars John Malkovich, Pete Seeger, Michael Rumaker, John Sinclair, Diane di Prima, Jonathan Williams, Vincent Ferrini, John R. Stilgoe, and Ed Sanders. William Corbett of the Boston Phoenix called Polis is This "the best film about an American poet ever made."
External links
Ferrini Productions
Polis Is This: Charles Olson and the Persistence of Place
Jack Magazine review of Lowell Blues
Boston Globe Review of Lowell Blues
"Viewpoint" Explores Radio
Gloucester Daily Times Radio Fishtown Review
North Shore Sunday Radio Fishtown Review
Mountain Xpress Review of Polis Is This
Don Byrd Review
Worcester Telegram & Gazette News
Worcester Local News
ArtVoice- Buffalo's #1 Newsweekly
References
American documentary film directors
1953 births
Living people
Google Cloud Platform (GCP), offered by Google, is a suite of cloud computing services that runs on the same infrastructure that Google uses internally for its end-user products, such as Google Search, Gmail, Google Drive, and YouTube. Alongside a set of management tools, it provides a series of modular cloud services including computing, data storage, data analytics and machine learning. Registration requires a credit card or bank account details.
Google Cloud Platform provides infrastructure as a service, platform as a service, and serverless computing environments.
In April 2008, Google announced App Engine, a platform for developing and hosting web applications in Google-managed data centers, which was the first cloud computing service from the company. The service became generally available in November 2011. Since the announcement of App Engine, Google added multiple cloud services to the platform.
Google Cloud Platform is a part of Google Cloud, which includes the Google Cloud Platform public cloud infrastructure, as well as Google Workspace (G Suite), enterprise versions of Android and Chrome OS, and application programming interfaces (APIs) for machine learning and enterprise mapping services.
Products
Google lists over 100 products under the Google Cloud brand. Some of the key services are listed below.
Compute
App Engine - Platform as a Service to deploy Java, PHP, Node.js, Python, C#, .Net, Ruby and Go applications.
Compute Engine - Infrastructure as a Service to run Microsoft Windows and Linux virtual machines.
Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) or GKE on-prem offered as part of Anthos platform - Containers as a Service based on Kubernetes.
Cloud Functions - Functions as a Service to run event-driven code written in Node.js, Java, Python, or Go.
Cloud Run - Compute execution environment based on Knative. Offered as Cloud Run (fully managed) or as Cloud Run for Anthos. Currently supports GCP, AWS and VMware management.
Storage & Databases
Cloud Storage - Object storage with integrated edge caching to store unstructured data.
Cloud SQL - Database as a Service based on MySQL, PostgreSQL and Microsoft SQL Server.
Cloud Bigtable - Managed NoSQL database service.
Cloud Spanner - Horizontally scalable, strongly consistent, relational database service.
Cloud Datastore - NoSQL database for web and mobile applications.
Persistent Disk - Block storage for Compute Engine virtual machines.
Cloud Memorystore - Managed in-memory data store based on Redis and Memcached.
Local SSD: High-performance, transient, local block storage.
Filestore: High-performance file storage for Google Cloud users.
AlloyDB: Fully managed PostgreSQL database service.
Networking
VPC - Virtual Private Cloud for managing the software defined network of cloud resources.
Cloud Load Balancing - Software-defined, managed service for load balancing the traffic.
Cloud Armor - Web application firewall to protect workloads from DDoS attacks.
Cloud CDN - Content Delivery Network based on Google's globally distributed edge points of presence.
Cloud Interconnect - Service to connect a data center with Google Cloud Platform
Cloud DNS - Managed, authoritative DNS service running on the same infrastructure as Google.
Network Service Tiers - Option to choose Premium vs Standard network tier for higher-performing network.
Big Data
BigQuery - Scalable, managed enterprise data warehouse for analytics.
Cloud Dataflow - Managed service based on Apache Beam for stream and batch data processing.
Dataproc - Big data platform for running Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark jobs.
Cloud Composer - Managed workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow.
Cloud Datalab - Tool for data exploration, analysis, visualization and machine learning. This is a fully managed Jupyter Notebook service.
Cloud Dataprep - Data service based on Trifacta to visually explore, clean, and prepare data for analysis.
Cloud Pub/Sub - Scalable event ingestion service based on message queues.
Cloud Data Studio - Business intelligence tool to visualize data through dashboards and reports.
Cloud AI
Cloud AutoML - Service to train and deploy custom machine learning models. As of September 2018, the service is in Beta.
Cloud TPU - Accelerators used by Google to train machine learning models.
Cloud Machine Learning Engine - Managed service for training and building machine learning models based on mainstream frameworks.
Cloud Talent Solution (formerly Cloud Job Discovery) - Service based on Google's search and machine learning capabilities for the recruiting ecosystem.
Dialogflow Enterprise - Development environment based on Google's machine learning for building conversational interfaces.
Cloud Natural Language - Text analysis service based on Google Deep Learning models.
Cloud Speech-to-Text - Speech to text conversion service based on machine learning.
Cloud Text-to-Speech - Text to speech conversion service based on machine learning.
Cloud Translation API - Service to dynamically translate between thousands of available language pairs.
Cloud Vision API - Image analysis service based on machine learning.
Cloud Video Intelligence - Video analysis service based on machine learning.
Management Tools
Operations suite (formerly Stackdriver ) - Monitoring, logging, and diagnostics for applications on Google Cloud Platform and AWS.
Cloud Deployment Manager - Tool to deploy Google Cloud Platform resources defined in templates created in YAML, Python or Jinja2.
Cloud Console - Web interface to manage Google Cloud Platform resources.
Cloud Shell - Browser-based shell command-line access to manage Google Cloud Platform resources.
Cloud Console Mobile App - Android and iOS application to manage Google Cloud Platform resources.
Cloud APIs - APIs to programmatically access Google Cloud Platform resources
Identity & Security
Cloud Identity - Single sign-on (SSO) service based on SAML 2.0 and OpenID.
Cloud IAM - Identity & Access Management (IAM) service for defining policies based on role-based access control.
Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy - Service to control access to cloud applications running on Google Cloud Platform without using a VPN.
Cloud Data Loss Prevention API - Service to automatically discover, classify, and redact sensitive data.
Security Key Enforcement - Two-step verification service based on a security key.
Cloud Key Management Service - Cloud-hosted key management service integrated with IAM and audit logging.
Cloud Resource Manager - Service to manage resources by project, folder, and organization based on the hierarchy.
Cloud Security Command Center - Security and data risk platform for data and services running in Google Cloud Platform.
Cloud Security Scanner - Automated vulnerability scanning service for applications deployed in App Engine.
Access Transparency - Near real-time audit logs providing visibility to Google Cloud Platform administrators.
VPC Service Controls - Service to manage security perimeters for sensitive data in Google Cloud Platform services.
IoT
Cloud IoT Core - Secure device connection and management service for Internet of Things.
Edge TPU - Purpose-built ASIC designed to run inference at the edge. As of September 2018, this product is in private beta.
Cloud IoT Edge - Brings AI to the edge computing layer.
API Platform
Maps Platform - APIs for maps, routes, and places based on Google Maps.
Apigee API Platform - Lifecycle management platform to design, secure, deploy, monitor, and scale APIs.
API Monetization - Tool for API providers to create revenue models, reports, payment gateways, and developer portal integrations.
Developer Portal - Self-service platform for developers to publish and manage APIs.
API Analytics - Service to analyse API-driven programs through monitoring, measuring, and managing APIs.
Apigee Sense - Enables API security by identifying and alerting administrators to suspicious API behaviours.
Cloud Endpoints - An NGINX-based proxy to deploy and manage APIs.
Service Infrastructure - A set of foundational services for building Google Cloud products.
Regions and zones
As of Q1 2020, Google Cloud Platform is available in 25 regions and 77 zones. A region is a specific geographical location where users can deploy cloud resources.
Each region is an independent geographic area that consists of zones.
A zone is a deployment area for Google Cloud Platform resources within a region. Zones should be considered a single failure domain within a region.
Most of the regions have three or more zones. As of Q4 2021, Google Cloud Platform is available in the following regions and zones:
Similarity to services by other cloud service providers
For those familiar with other notable cloud service providers, a comparison of similar services may be helpful in understanding Google Cloud Platform's offerings.
Timeline
April 2008 - Google App Engine announced in preview
May 2010 - Google Cloud Storage launched
May 2010 - Google BigQuery and Prediction API announced in preview
October 2011 - Google Cloud SQL is announced in preview
June 2012 - Google Compute Engine is launched in preview
May 2013 - Google Compute Engine is released to GA
August 2013 - Cloud Storage begins automatically encrypting each Storage object's data and metadata under the 128-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-128), and each encryption key is itself encrypted with a regularly rotated set of master keys
February 2014 - Google Cloud SQL becomes GA
May 2014 - Stackdriver is acquired by Google
June 2014 - Kubernetes is announced as an open source container manager
June 2014 - Cloud Dataflow is announced in preview
October 2014 - Google acquires Firebase
November 2014 - Alpha release Google Kubernetes Engine (formerly Container Engine) is announced
January 2015 - Google Cloud Monitoring based on Stackdriver goes into Beta
March 2015 - Google Cloud Pub/Sub becomes available in Beta
April 2015 - Google Cloud DNS becomes generally available
April 2015 - Google Dataflow launched in beta
July 2015 - Google releases v1 of Kubernetes; Hands it over to The Cloud Native Computing Foundation
August 2015 - Google Cloud Dataflow, Google Cloud Pub/Sub, Google Kubernetes Engine, and Deployment Manager graduate to GA
November 2015 - Bebop is acquired, and Diane Greene joins Google
February 2016 - Google Cloud Functions becomes available in Alpha
September 2016 - Apigee, a provider of application programming interface (API) management company, is acquired by Google
September 2016 - Stackdriver becomes generally available
November 2016 - Qwiklabs, an EdTech company is acquired by Google
February 2017 - Cloud Spanner, highly available, globally-distributed database is released into Beta
March 2017 - Google acquires Kaggle, world's largest community of data scientists and machine learning enthusiasts
April 2017 - MIT professor Andrew Sutherland breaks the record for the largest ever Compute Engine cluster with 220,000 cores on Preemptible VMs.
May 2017 - Google Cloud IoT Core is launched in Beta
November 2017 - Google Kubernetes Engine gets certified by the CNCF
February 2018 - Google Cloud IoT Core becomes generally available
February 2018 - Google announces its intent to acquire Xively
February 2018 - Cloud TPUs, ML accelerators for Tensorflow, become available in Beta
May 2018 - Gartner names Google as a Leader in the 2018 Gartner Infrastructure as a Service Magic Quadrant
May 2018 - Google Cloud Memorystore becomes available in Beta
April 2019 - Google Cloud Run (fully managed) Beta release
April 2019 - Google Anthos announced
November 2019 - Google Cloud Run (fully managed) General availability release
March 2020 - Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Google Cloud postponed the online streaming version of its Google Cloud Next mega-conference, two weeks after it cancelled the in-person version.
October 2020 - Google Cloud announced that it will become a block producer candidate for the EOS network and EOS.IO protocol. Currently the top block producers are cryptocurrency exchanges like OKEx and Binance.
February 2021 Google Kubernetes Engine Autopilot introduced.
April 2022 - MobiledgeX acquired and joins Google Cloud.
See also
Amazon Web Services
Google Workspace
Heroku
IBM Cloud
Infrastructure as a Service
Jelastic
Microsoft Azure
OpenStack
Oracle Cloud
Platform as a Service
Database as a Service
Google Fiber
References
External links
Google Cloud Latest Release Notes
Cloud Platform
Cloud computing providers
Cloud infrastructure
Cloud platforms
Web services
Computer-related introductions in 2011
The Nigerian Capital Development Fund (NCDF) is an independent social investment financial intermediary institution. This hybrid organization was set up mainly to address the challenges of poverty in low income rural communities in Nigeria. The institution mobilizes capital from the public and private sectors to invest in projects, businesses and social enterprises with the intention to generate good financial returns and measurable positive social-environmental impact, as well as act as a champion to help increase awareness and confidence on the advantages of impact investing.
Furthermore, NCDF works towards actualizing the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals which include poverty alleviation; improved education; access to clean water, sanitation, clean energy and good infrastructure; gender and economic equality in Nigeria. To ensure the implementation of these goals, NCDF operates projects in the housing, capacity development, agriculture, finance, environmental and hospitality sectors of the Nigerian economy.
NCDF is managed by a team of commercial and social enterprise professionals.
History
Following extensive studies on the need to support the Nigerian government in achieving sustainable developmental objectives, NCDF was endorsed in 2009 by the former President of Nigeria, Late Alhaji Umaru Shehu Musa Yar'Adua (deceased) and was incorporated in 2010 as a Limited by Guarantee entity under the law of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Yar'Adua believed that the access to affordable basic social needs by low income earners and grassroot communities is the key opportunity to unlocking poverty in the Nigerian society. In 2011, Nigerian Capital Development Fund commissioned a corporation-NCDF Investment Limited, licensed by the Nigerian Securities and Exchange Commission as the Fund Manager for Nigerian Capital Development Fund.
Partnerships
The partners and supporters of NCDF include the Federal Government of Nigeria, World Bank, The Central Bank of Nigeria, NERFUND, African Housing Group, National Directorate of Employment, First Bank, Commonwealth Telecommunication Organization (United Kingdom), Copernicus International Consulting (United Kingdom), Governments of Lagos State, Cross River State, Benue State, Imo State, Niger State, Jigawa State and the Federal Capital Territory of Abuja, Nigeria.
Mode of Operation
NCDF is governed by the social mission to reinvest the majority of any surplus generated into socially impacting projects. As an impact investment agency, the fund operates a unique business model made up of three pillars:
• The NCDF Group, a holding company with the responsibility to mobilize resources, facilitate projects, promote and protect the Fund's institutional objective.
• NCDF Investment Limited, a special corporation chartered with the role of managing NCDF and partners. It is licensed as a Venture Capital and Fund Manager entity by Security and Exchange Commission of Nigeria.
• The Social Enterprise Academy, a research and capacity development institution setup to accelerate mainstream adoption of social sustainability into the heart of business strategy by developing leaders and enterprises through specialized training and leadership programmes.
NCDF Projects
Past and current projects by NCDF include:
Affordable Housing
The NCDF affordable housing initiative was formed by NCDF entering into a partnership with the Nigerian government and some of its development partners to construct and deliver good quality, low-cost housing to communities with the greatest need.
As part of its affordable housing provision scheme, NCDF also partners with the African Housing Group, a UK based company with a mission to provide homes to millions of Africans in the Diaspora. Some of the countries currently benefitting from the NCDF- AHG partnership are Nigeria, Ghana, Kenya, South Africa, Ethiopia, Angola, Tanzania and Uganda.
Kuje Housing Project (2012)
In September, 2012, NCDF and The Federal Government of Nigeria through the Federal Ministry of Housing signed a Public-Private Partnership Agreement to provide affordable Social Housing for Nigerians at the Federal Housing Estate, Kuje, Nigeria. Following project completion in 2016, the Kuje housing project resulted in the delivery of 50 units of 3 and 2-bedroom bungalows, reducing construction cost by 50%.
FCT-VIO Housing (2012)
In 2012, NCDF delivered 3 units of a 3-Storey multi-family building containing 24 units of 2 and 3-bedroom apartments in Abuja.
Imo State (2013)
In February, 2013, Imo State Government entered into partnership with NCDF to provide affordable social housing for its indigenes. The state allocated 30 hectares of land to NCDF to develop 3000 units of low income housing estate.
Benue State (2013)
In May, 2013, the Benue State Government of Nigeria entered into a Public Private Partnership Agreement with NCDF to develop affordable housing estates. 100 hectares of land was donated by the state for construction of 1,000 units of homes.
Lagos State (2016)
In 2016 NCDF formed a synergistic partnership with Lagos State Government to develop, construct and deliver 2,000 units of standard housing in Lagos State.
Education and Capacity Development
Using its Subsidiary, the Social Enterprise Academy, NCDF engages in training and retraining of social enterprise professionals and community leaders in specialized programmes needed to foster grass-root development. With the social innovation lab, NCDF provides free research oriented journals to members of the Academy's Social Enterprise Club.
MSME Finance
Due to MSMEs being one of the major drivers of growth in developing economies, NCDF devotes some of its resources to the provision of government subsidized loans, grant and specialized business equipment to micro, small and medium scaled enterprises in Nigeria.
Under this scheme, a Special Purpose Vehicle called “Scoenterprise” was launched to provide Technical Assistance Facility (TAF) to sponsored businesses, partners and clients allowing for increased investment in the MSME sector.
In 2012, the Minister of Women's affairs and social development, Hajiya Zainab Maina signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Nigerian Capital Development Fund, for the take-off of a Seven (7) Billion Naira National Grassroot Economic Empowerment Scheme, as part of the effort to reduce poverty and unemployment in the country, especially for women living in rural communities.
Enterprise Project Development & Impact Investing
NCDF bridges community project consulting gaps through the fostering of technical, economic, financial, institutional, management, environmental, socio-cultural and gender-related models amongst community stakeholders to achieve bankability.
The implementation aspect of NCDF's project development tagged “Impact Investing” is further conducted by seeking out direct investments from its partners, modelled to yield high social, environmental and financial rewards. Stakeholders under this initiative include the Federal and State Governments of Nigeria, The Private Sector, Donor Agencies, Non-profit Organizations, Financial institutions geared towards economic development, multinational corporations, cooperative societies and the Nigerian Public.
NCDF AgroPark Initiative
The NCDF AgroPark initiative is a project designed to provide lasting solutions to the problems of food shortage, poverty, low productivity, inadequate processing infrastructure, diversification and poorly integrated markets in Nigeria, aggravated by an under-developed agro-industrial sector. This project comes with a high potential for value added and employment opportunities in the agricultural sector. The AgroPark initiative works with development partners particularly World Bank and the Federal Government of Nigeria in line with the Commercial Agriculture Development Project.
Connecting Farmers Initiative
This NCDF project aims at improving the efficiency of agricultural businesses to aid the multiplier economic effects of increased food, national income and access to improved technology. The services offered under this initiative, aided by the Nigerian telecommunications sector, range from access up-to-date mobile information on agricultural practices, weather forecasts, market prices, as well as solutions that help agricultural businesses boost production. In a nutshell, the main objectives of this initiative is to:
• Help rural farmers develop new skills and grow revenue using technology.
• Provide specialized market information to farmers.
• Grant farmers access without limit to improved agricultural production methods.
• Assist many rural households in enhancing their food security and raising their incomes.
• Promote home-grown methods in agricultural innovation.
Clean Stove Initiative & Natural Gas Distribution Project
An ongoing project by NCDF in partnership with the Nigerian Ministry of Environment designed to systematically and practically proffer lasting solutions to the global issue of climate change in Nigeria through the provision and accessibility of clean stoves and natural gas at a subsidized rate for the low income families in the societies. However, the project is directed towards achieving great reduction in the environmental temperature, Green-House Gases (GHG) for improved livelihoods, health benefits and realization of the UNDP 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).
Oduduwa Heritage Tourism Development Project
A tourism initiative under the Nigerian Hospitality and Tourism sector, the Oduduwa Heritage Development Project is a cultural orientation scheme focused on disseminating information on the history, tradition and customs of the Yoruba people.
See also
Hareter Babatunde Oralusi
Social Enterprise Academy-Nigeria
External links
Nigerian Capital Development Fund
Sustainable Development Goals
References
The Environmental Impact of China's Investment in Africa, Vol 49, CORNELL INT'L L.J. 25 (2016), Shinn
The Landscape of Social Impact Investment Research: Trends and Opportunities, 2016, Daggers & Nicholls
Ngoasong, Michael; Paton, Rob and Korda, Alex (2015). Impact Investing and Inclusive Business Development in Africa: A research agenda. The Open University, Milton Keynes.
Clean Stove and Natural Gas Distribution Project for the Low Income Families with Employment Opportunities for Micro-Entrepreneurs, 2016, Adegoke
Poverty Eradication, Millennium Development Goals and Sustainable Development in Nigeria, Vol. 3, No. 4, (2010)- Anger Ph.D
THE STRUGGLE FOR SUSTAINABLE HOUSING IN ZIMBABWEAN GROWTH POINTS: A CASE STUDY OF ZAKA-JERERA GROWTH POINT IN SOUTHEASTERN ZIMBABWE, Volume 14, No.7, 2012, , Mawere et al.
Sustainability organizations
Microfinance organizations
Organizations established in 2009
Organizations based in Nigeria
Rural development in Nigeria
Welfare in Nigeria
Prethangalude Thazhvara is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. Venu. The film stars Raghavan, Bahadoor, Vijayasree, Jose Prakash and Radhamani. The film was scored by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Raghavan
Vijayasree
Radhamani
Bahadoor
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Jose Prakash
Sreelatha Namboothiri
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
CIDNazir3
Films directed by P. Venu
Rockliffe is a British television police procedural drama series, produced by the BBC, which ran for three series between 9 January 1987 and 14 December 1988. Rockliffe was devised by Richard O'Keeffe, and produced by Leonard Lewis. The first two series, entitled Rockliffe's Babies, starred Ian Hogg as Alan Rockliffe, a detective sergeant assigned to train a team of inexperienced plain-clothed Crime Squad PCs in inner-city London, which include Steve Hood (Brett Fancy), Gerry O'Dowd (Joe McGann), David Adams (Bill Champion), Janice Hargreaves (Alphonsia Emmanuel), Paul Georgiou (Martyn Ellis), Keith Chitty (John Blakely) and Karen Walsh (Susanna Shelling). The series featured writing contributions from Richard O`Keeffe, Don Webb, Charlie Humphreys and Nick Perry, and was directed by Derek Lister, Keith Washington, Clive Fleury and David Attwood.
The third series, entitled Rockliffe's Folly, followed Rockliffe through his relocation to Wessex Police, dealing with rural crimes as part of a new team of investigators. The seven episode third series proved to be the last, with many citing a change in the programme's formula for the heavy decline in viewing figures. Many viewers stated that the success of the two Babies series came not from Rockliffe himself, but from the popular ensemble cast. Most of the location filming featured in the first two series took place around the Kensal Rise area of West London. Notably, the police station interiors were at Canalot Studios, Kensal Road. A paperback novel was released as a tie-in to the first series on 11 December 1986, four weeks before the broadcast of the first episode. After many years of remaining unreleased, the first two series have been earmarked for release on DVD by Network distributing on 8 May 2017.
Cast
Ian Hogg as DS Alan Rockliffe
Rockliffe's Babies
Bill Champion as PC David Adams
John Blakey as PC Keith Chitty
Brett Fancy as PC Steve Hood
Joe McGann as PC Gerry O'Dowd
Martyn Ellis as PC Paul Georgiou
Susanna Shelling as WPC Karen Walsh
Alphonsia Emmanuel as WPC Janice Hargreaves
Brian Croucher as Chief Superintendent Barry Wyatt
Bill McCabe as Sergeant Benyon
Edward Wilson as DI Charlie Flight
Malcolm Terris as Detective Superintendent Munro
Rockliffe's Folly
James Aubrey as DI Derek Hoskins
Ian Brimble as Inspector Leslie Yaxley
Aaron Harris DC Paul Whitmore
Carole Nimmons as Sergeant Rachel Osborne
Craig Nightingale as PC Guy Overton
Elizabeth Henry as WPC Hester Goswell
John Hartley as PC Alfred Duggan
Episodes
Series 1: Rockliffe's Babies (1987)
Series 2: Rockliffe's Babies 2 (1988)
Series 3: Rockliffe's Folly (1988)
References
External links
1987 British television series debuts
1988 British television series endings
BBC television dramas
1980s British crime television series
1980s British drama television series
English-language television shows
Ernesto de Souza Andrade Júnior (July 12, 1966), better known as Netinho, is a Brazilian singer and Composer.
Early life and Career
Born in Santo Antônio de Jesus, Bahia, Ernesto de Souza Andrade Júnior started his career early. He got his first guitar at the age of 14, a gift from his mother, and after enrolling in the Civil Engineering program at the Catholic University of Salvador, he started playing professionally in bars in the city, with the repertoire of MPB and a lot of Bossa Nova. In 1984, he discovered Carnival and fell in love with the energy of the electric trios and with the contagious joy of Bahian music. In the same year, he paraded as a reveler in Bloco Beijo, still in charge of Luiz Caldas & Banda Accordes Verdes.
1988–92: Banda Beijo
Netinho began his career in 1988 as a vocalist for Banda Beijo, when he debuted on the Carnival circuit at the age of 22, recorded his first album with the band, and burst onto radio stations all over Brazil with the song "Beijo na Boca". This success led to the national projection of the band, being the first artist of axé to present in the program Domingão do Faustão. His third album in the band Beijo, with the BMG label, was recorded in 1990, and had its release in Salvador, on the roof of Shopping Barra, gathering about 40,000 people in the parking lot and on the streets of the region. A year later, with PolyGram, he recorded Badameiro, and the following year Aconteceu, Axé Music, when micaretas became successful all over the country. An unprecedented milestone in history was made by the singer during the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy. Netinho led the first trip of an electric trio to another country, encouraging the fans in that European country. The electric trio traveled by ship and took two months to reach Italy. Having always directed his own concerts, the singer started to manage blocks and trios in the Bahian carnival, which ended up becoming his main activity throughout his career. In 1992 he became the first Brazilian artist to parade with an electric trio in Rio de Janeiro, on Avenida Atlântica, in Copacabana.
1993–2001: Solo career and success
In 1993 he recorded his first solo CD, Um Beijo pra Você; with this album four hits broke out, being "Menina", soundtrack of the soap opera Tropicaliente. For that record Netinho received the first platinum record in Brazil and the first gold in Chile. In 1994 he recorded another album, Nada Vai Nos Separar, and the song "Como" gained space on the soundtrack of the soap opera História de Amor. In São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Los Angeles, he recorded the album Netinho, which also won a song on Rede Globo, this time on the series Malhação. The eighth career album had a special flavor, recorded in Aracaju in 1996, entitled Netinho ao Vivo!, with the success "Milla", re-recording by the band Jheremmias Não Bate Córner (which gave rise to Jammil and Uma Noites). The song, sung throughout Brazil, broke performance records and was re-recorded in more than eight languages, including Russian. In the same year Netinho received the title of Citizen Sergipano of the Municipality of Aracaju.
In the following year, it was the CD Me Leva, with the song "Pra Te Ter Aqui" that entered the soundtrack of the soap opera Corpo Dourado, from Rede Globo, and became a success throughout Brazil. The song "Você É Linda", a song by Caetano Veloso performed by Netinho on the CD Alguém Cantando Caetano entered the score of the series Malhação. In 1998, after a long tour of Portugal, Netinho returned to Brazil to create, direct and launch Rádio Brasil, a project that involved a CD and show with technological innovations, launched by PolyGram. In the same year the song "Indecisão" entered the soundtrack of the soap opera Andando nas Nuvens. That same year the singer relaunched Banda Beijo and introduced the singer Gilmelândia to Brazil. The CD released by Netinho with a lot of musical mixes, including the recording of Phil Collins' version "Against All Odds", which became "Forever I Will Love You", and the song "'O Surdato' Nnammurato", who entered the soundtrack of the soap opera Terra Nostra.
Due to the success "Pra Te Ter Aqui", the theme of the soap opera by Rede Globo Corpo Dourado, the singer participated in the soap opera, in chapter 52, shown on Tuesday, March 17, 1998. In 1999, singer made a notable participation in the album A Arca dos Bichos. The singers participating in the album were: Ivete Sangalo, Reinaldo (Terra Samba), Carla Visi, Sandy, Beto Jamaica, Claudinho & Buchecha, Netinho, Gil (Banda Beijo), Chico César, Zeca Baleiro, Ed Motta, Paulo Ricardo and Xuxa. Later, in 2010–2013, this project became for the stage. In 2000, Netinho crossed the Atlantic with his electric trio and landed in Europe to celebrate the 500th anniversary of Brazil, in Lisbon, where he made a carnival for 80 thousand people at Parque das Nações. The song "Química Perfeita" (in Spanish), a duet with Ivete Sangalo, was the song chosen for Rede Globo's soap opera, As Filhas da Mãe.
2002–present: Ripening
In 2002, he participated in the second edition of “Portugal Elétrico”, in Portugal and for a show in Africa. In the same year he recorded the album Zuêra, by Universal Music, with reinterpretations of MPB classics, in a dancing pop format. In the same year the singer left the record company. In 2003, Netinho spent the whole year away from professional activities. Netinho took advantage of his distance from the media and decided to record a CD with his own compositions, which was released in 2005 by EMI Music, entitled Another Version. 2006 was a remarkable year in Netinho's life, after all this was the year of the artist's return to the public in Bahia and Brazil. During this period the singer recorded his first DVD, at Concha Acústica of Teatro Castro Alves, with special guests such as singer Ivete Sangalo and the group Ilê Aiyê. From this new season came the success "Tá Bom", in a partnership with Carlinhos Brown, which was one of the great successes of the Carnival of Bahia in 2007. Netinho returned to Carnaval in Bahia by pulling the Trimix Block for three days at the Barra / Ondina Circuit. Right after the carnival, the compositions "Onde Você Se Esconde", recorded on her DVD with the participation of Ivete Sangalo, and the song "Na Capoeira" in honour of the Salvador Carnival, became the singer's new successes. In 2008 the CD Minha Praia released by the Som Livre label, brought the re-recording of the song "Caça e Caçador", a success in the voice of Fábio Junior, in addition to the success "Muito Bom" that broke out on radio stations across the country.
In 2009, Netinho celebrated 20 years of career. In September, he recorded in Aracaju (SE), for about six thousand people, in the green area of Hotel Parque dos Coqueiros, his second DVD Netinho and Caixa Mágica, with the participation of friends Saulo Fernandes (Banda Eva), Alinne Rosa (Cheiro de Amor), Tomate, D'Black and a virtual and special participation by Jorge Vercillo. In parallel to all this, Netinho was nominated for a Latin Grammy 2009 in the category of the best album of music of Brazilian roots (Regional Tropical) for the CD, Minha Praia. In addition, it was awarded in the music category, in the first version of the Brazilian Award Brazil award. Netinho released a clip with the DVD images and had more than 10,000 hits on YouTube in less than a month and, in October, the first working song, "Extrapolou", was already on all radio stations in the country. In 2010, Netinho released the second working song and the clip for "Apertadinho". After careful editing work, the DVD was officially released in August. The DVD is rich in interpretation and enchantment, which are present in the 23 tracks of the work. In the repertoire, between re-recordings with a different guise and unpublished ones, highlighted were Crença, Pra Te Ter Aqui e Onde Você Esconde, besides the new Extrapolou, Apertadinho and Erê. For the first time a Bahian artist recorded a DVD in HD quality. And for the reproduction to be faithful to the technology used during recording, DVD Netinho and Caixa Mágica will have a limited edition in Blu-ray.
Personal life
Between 1997 and 2003, Netinho was married to journalist Mariana Trindade, with whom he had a daughter, Bruna (2000). In 2008, during an interview for the magazine Quem he declared to be bisexual. In 2017 he became a vegan. Netinho was admitted to the hospital on April 24, 2013, after doctors found that he was bleeding from his liver after a biopsy. He was diagnosed with liver adenomas due to the indiscriminate use of anabolic androgenic steroids, which subsequently caused a series of strokes, further complicating the singer's clinical condition. Netinho declared that he did not know that what he was taking were prohibited anabolic steroids, believing that they were supplements for training and sued his then doctor, Mohamad Barakat. However, Mohamad sued Netinho for false accusation, but lost the case, as the judge understands that it is the right of any citizen to question medical methods.
Netinho became a conservative since 2016, and is a supporter of President Jair Bolsonaro. He is also a critic of the LGBT movement.
Netinho filiated to the Liberal Party to run for federal deputy for Bahia in the 2022 election.
Discography
Studio albums
Um Beijo Pra Você (1993)
Nada Vai Nos Separar (1994)
Netinho (1995)
Me Leva (1997)
Rádio Brasil (1998)
Clareou (1999)
Corpo Cabeça (2000)
Outra Versão (2005)
Minha Praia (2008)
Uma Noite no Forró Elétrico (2012)
Beats, Baladas & Balanços (2014)
Live albums
Netinho ao Vivo! (1996)
Terra Carnavális (2001)
Por Inteiro (2006)
Netinho e a Caixa Mágica (2010)
References
External links
Official website
Facebook
Instagram
1966 births
Living people
Brazilian anti-communists
Conservatism in Brazil
21st-century Brazilian male singers
Brazilian male singer-songwriters
20th-century Brazilian male singers
Brazilian Christians
LGBT singers from Brazil
LGBT people in Latin music
White spirit is a petroleum-derived liquid.
White spirit may also refer to:
White Spirit (band), a heavy metal band from England
"The White Spirit", a 2012 Hell on Wheels episode
Baijiu, a Chinese liquor sometimes called white spirit
Basil Doerhoefer House is a Colonial Revival house located at 4432 West Broadway in Louisville, Kentucky. It was built in 1902, and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The residence was the home of wealthy tobacco merchant and business leader, Basil Doerhoefer. He was the most important real estate developer in this part of the West End, acquiring large tracts of land along Broadway as early as 1890 and later sub-dividing it.
Basil Doerhofer built a house next door for his son Peter C. Doerhoefer: The Peter C. Doerhoefer House was locally landmarked in 2011 by the Louisville Metro Historic Landmarks and Preservation Districts Commission and was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, as a significant example of turn-of-the-century architecture in the West Broadway area. This house is one of the largest and most monumentally detailed of the American Four-squares in Louisville. This residence was built in 1908 for Peter C. Doerhoefer, vice-president of the Monarch Tobacco Works and son of Basil Doerhoefer. The land was actually part of the same lot where the elder Doerhoefer had built his magnificent home several years earlier. All of this land and both houses were sold to Loretto High School in 1925. It is now owned by Christ Temple Apostolic Church.
Prior to moving to the Basil Doerhoefer House on Broadway the Doerhoefers lived in the Doerhoefer-Hampton House at 2422 West Chestnut Street in Louisville.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Louisville's West End
References
National Register of Historic Places in Louisville, Kentucky
Houses in Louisville, Kentucky
Houses completed in 1902
1902 establishments in Kentucky
Colonial Revival architecture in Kentucky
Tomatine (sometimes called tomatin or lycopersicin) is a glycoalkaloid, found in the stems and leaves of tomato plants, and in the fruits at much lower concentrations. Chemically pure tomatine is a white crystalline solid at standard temperature and pressure.
Tomatine is sometimes confused with the glycoalkaloid solanine, which is found in potatoes.
History
Tomatoes were brought to Europe in the early 1500s. The English botanist John Gerard was one of the first cultivators of the tomato plant. In his publication Grete Herball, he considered tomatoes poisonous due to their levels of what would later be called tomatine, plus high acid content. Consequently, tomatoes were generally not eaten in Britain until the mid-18th century.
In 1837, the first medicinal tomato pills were advertised in the United States because of their positive effects upon the biliary organs. The product “Phelp's Compound Tomato Pills” was extracted from the tomato plant, and contained tomatine. The pills were made by the medic Guy R. Phelps, who stated that the alkaloid tomatine was one of the most useful discoveries ever made. Tomatine then was said to be an antidote to mercury.
In the mid 20th century, scientists from the US Department of Agriculture were the first to isolate tomatine from the wild tomato species Lycopersicon pimpinelifolium and the cultured species Lycopersicon esculentum.
Structure and biosynthesis
() belongs to the compound group steroidal glycoalkaloids. These compounds consist of an aglycon, which is a cholesterol derivative, and a carbohydrate chain, which in the case of α-tomatine consists of two d-glucose units, a d-galactose unit, and a d-xylose unit. In α-tomatine, the tetrasaccharide called lycotetraose is attached to the O-3 of the steroidal aglycone. At first it was thought that the synthesis of steroidal alkaloids only involved multiple steps of hydroxylation, oxidation and amination of cholesterol with arginine as the source of the incorporated nitrogen. Later the glycoalkaloid metabolism genes were discovered. These genes produce the glycoalkaloid metabolism enzymes, which are responsible for the synthesis of steroidal alkaloid aglycones in potato and tomato plants. The reaction these enzymes perform are shown in the figure 1.
Mechanism of action
Tomatine may play a major role in resistance of the tomato plant against fungal, microbial, insect, and herbivoral attack.
The effects of the glycoalkaloids (to which tomatine belongs), can be divided in two main parts: the disruption of cellular membranes and the inhibition of the enzyme acetylcholinesterase. Tomatine is responsible in tomato plants for resistance against for example the Colorado beetle and to snails. It is also a defense against fungi.
Membrane disruption
The membrane disruptive properties of tomatine are caused by the ability to form 1:1 complexes with cholesterol. A possible mechanism of the membrane disruption by glycoalkaloids is displayed in figure 2. First, the aglycon part of tomatine binds reversibly to sterols in the membrane (figure 2, part 2). When this reaches a certain density, the glycosidic residues of the glycoalkaloids interact with each other by electrostatic interactions. This interaction catalyzes the development of an irreversible matrix of glycoalkaloid-sterol complexes (figure 2, part 4). In this way, the sterols from the external membrane are immobilized and membrane budding will arise. Tubular structures are formed, because of the structure of tomatine (figure 2, part 6).
This membrane disruption causes cell death by cell leakage. Also, the disrupted membrane has an influence on sodium transport, by altering the membrane potential and reducing active sodium transport. When tomatine is orally ingested, the brush border of the intestine is damaged by the membrane-disruptive properties of tomatine, so increased uptake of macromolecules occurs. This damage to the epithelial barriers is dose-dependent.
Tomatine is considered to be a fungitoxic compound, as it completely inhibits mycelial growth of the fungi C. orbiculare (MC100=2.0 mM), S. linicola (MC100=0.4 mM), and H. turcicum (MC100=0.13 mM). For the inhibition at a low pH, much more tomatine is required, so the compound is more effectively fungitoxic at a high pH, when the alkaloid is unprotonated. The unprotonated form of tomatine forms complexes with sterols such as cholesterol, which may cause disruption of cell membrane and changes in membrane permeability.
Tomatine is effective against fungi at pH 8 but not at pH 4. A possible explanation for this is that the tomatine only in the deprotonated form binds to cholesterol to form the earlier mentioned complexes. Tomatine disrupts liposome membranes containing 3-β-hydroxy sterol, while liposomes without 3-β-hydroxy sterols are resistant to membrane disruption. Tomatine inhibits also the fungal types Ph. infestans and Py. aphanidermatum, which do not have any sterols in their membranes, so another mechanism of action must be present.
Inhibition of acetylcholinesterase
The other known action of the compound is the pH-dependent competitive inhibition of the enzyme acetylcholinesterase. The majority of synthetic pesticides used in agriculture work by inhibition of acetylcholinesterase is to kill insects.
Metabolism
Even now, little is known about the bioavailability, pharmacokinetics and metabolism of the glycoalkaloids in humans. One important factor is the poor uptake of tomatine into general blood circulation. When tomatine is orally ingested, much tomatine may form complexes with cholesterol from the other food present in the stomach. The complexes of tomatine and cholesterol are not absorbed in the intestine, but are excreted. For the complexation with cholesterol to occur, the presence of a carbohydrate chain is essential. The aglycon tomatidine, which is tomatine without the sugars, does not form the complexes. The complexation probably occurs in the duodenum, because the acidic conditions in the stomach itself lead to protonation of the tomatine, and the protonated form of tomatine does not bind to cholesterol.
Hydrolysis of tomatine likely takes place, but whether it is acid- or glycosidase-catalyzed is not known. The hydroxylation of tomatine likely leads to the formation of tomatidine, which is the aglycon of tomatine. Tomatidine is a metabolite which may not be completely nontoxic; it could have effects on the human body.
Fungal tomatinase enzymes can transform tomatine to deactivate it. Detoxification can take place by removing one glucose residue. Other fungal species hydrolyze tomatine to the less toxic aglycon tomatidine by removing all the sugar residues. Tomatidine can still inhibit some fungal species, but is less toxic than tomatine. Fungi use diverse pathways for the hydrolysis of tomatine. Also, the level of toxicity depends on the type of fungus. The metabolite tomatidine can be hydrolyzed further by membrane-bound CYP-450 oxygenases.
Uses
Tomatine has been used as a reagent in analytical chemistry for precipitating cholesterol from solution. Also, tomatine is known to be an immune adjuvant in connection with certain protein antigens.
Toxicity
The possible risks of tomatine for humans have not been formally studied, so no NOAEL can be deduced. The toxicity of tomatine has only been studied on laboratory animals. The symptoms of acute tomatine poisoning in animals are similar to the symptoms of poisoning by solanine, a potato glycoalkaloid. These symptoms include vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, drowsiness, confusion, weakness, and depression. Generally, tomatine is regarded to cause less toxic effects to mammals than other alkaloids such as solanine.
The human consumption of moderate amounts of tomatine seems to occur without notable toxic effects. This is reinforced by the widespread consumption of “pickled green” and “fried green tomatoes” and the consumption of high-tomatine tomatoes (a variant of L. esculentum var. cerasiforme, better known as the "cherry tomato", indigenous to Peru) with very high tomatine content (in the range of 500–5000 mg/kg of dry weight).
New York Times food science writer Harold McGee found scant evidence for tomato toxicity in the medical and veterinary literature, and observed that dried tomato leaves (which contain higher concentrations of alkaloids than the fruits) are occasionally used as a food flavoring or garnish, without problems. He also reported that an adult human would probably have to eat over half a kilogram of tomato leaves to ingest a toxic (not necessarily lethal) dose.
See also
Solanine
Chaconine
References
External links
Steroidal alkaloids
Alkaloid glycosides
Steroidal alkaloids found in Solanaceae
"Last Look at Eden" is the first single to be released from the Swedish heavy metal band Europe's eighth studio album, Last Look at Eden. It was released on 8 June 2009.
In May 2009 Europe went to Gothenburg to work with director Patric Ullaeus on the music video for "Last Look at Eden". The video was premiered on Europe's MySpace page on June 3.
Track listing
Single
"Last Look at Eden" (Joey Tempest, Andreas Carlsson, Europe) – 4:11
"U Devil U" (Joey Tempest, Europe) – 4:09
"Last Look at Eden" [radio edit] (Joey Tempest, Andreas Carlsson, Europe) – 3:59
Limited edition digipack
"Last Look at Eden" (Joey Tempest, Andreas Carlsson, Europe) – 4:11
"U Devil U" (Joey Tempest, Europe) – 4:09
"Superstitious" [live] (Joey Tempest) – 4:56
"Start from the Dark" [live] (Joey Tempest, John Norum) – 4:26
"Since I've Been Loving You" [live] (Jimmy Page, Robert Plant, John Paul Jones) – 7:24
"Last Look at Eden" [video]
Personnel
Joey Tempest – vocals, producer
John Norum – guitars
John Levén – bass
Mic Michaeli – keyboards, producer
Ian Haugland – drums
Tobias Lindell – producer
Fredrik Etoall – cover photo
Dimitrios Dimitriadis – art direction
Chart positions
References
2009 singles
Europe (band) songs
Songs written by Andreas Carlsson
Songs written by Joey Tempest
2009 songs
Music videos directed by Patric Ullaeus
Wajdi Sinen (born 17 September 1990) is a Tunisian-born Qatari handball player for Al-Arabi and the Qatari national team.
He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1990 births
Living people
Qatari male handball players
Handball players at the 2010 Asian Games
Handball players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Qatar
Asian Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Itezhi-Tezhi District is a district of Zambia, located in Southern Province. The capital lies at Itezhi-Tezhi. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 43111 people.
It was moved from Southern Province to Central Province by President Michael Sata in 2012 and later moved back to Southern province by president Hakainde Hichilema in 2021.
History
Before 2012, Itezhi-Tezhi was part of the Southern Province of Zambia. Then, President Michael Sata decided in 2012 to move Itezhi-Tezhi District from Southern Province to Central Province, against the wishes of the local residents.
Nine years later, on 17 November 2021, President Hakainde Hichilema announced his intention to reverse the move done by late former President Michael Sata. President Hichilema officially declared Itezhi-Tezhi as part of Southern Province (no-longer part of Central Province), thereby returning the district to its original province. This was agreed upon after an urgent request the previous month by the Chiefs of the area to return the district to its original province, where facilities are easier to reach (Southern Province's capital at Choma is only a road away while Central Province's capital at Kabwe is distant).
References
Districts of Southern Province, Zambia
The Hundred of Wallala is a cadastral unit of hundred in the County of Dufferin, South Australia.
The traditional custodians of the land were the Nawu people.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Wallala
Yayladınlar is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, the population is 62 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Oleg was a Rurikid ruler of the Drevlyans from 969 to his death in 977. He was the second son of Sviatoslav I of Kiev.
Date of birth is not known, but is probably before 957. Sviatoslav split up his domains, and gave the Drevlyan lands to Oleg. Oleg and his brother Yaropolk went to war after their father's death. According to Primary chronicle, Oleg killed Lyut, the son of Yaropolk's chief adviser and military commander Sveneld, when he hunted in the Drevlyan lands which Oleg regarded as his own. In an act of revenge and at the insistence of Sveneld, Yaropolk went to war against his brother Oleg and killed him in Ovruch. Oleg was killed incidentally on the run in moat, and Yaropolk did regret this. Then, Yaropolk sent his men to Novgorod, from which his other brother Vladimir had fled on receiving the news about Oleg's death. Yaropolk became the sole ruler of Rus'.
In 1044 Yaroslav I the Wise had Oleg's bones exhumed, christened, and reburied in the Church of the Tithes.
Possible descendants
There is a Czech legend (mentioned by Jan Amos Komenský (in Spis o rodu Žerotínů), Bartosz Paprocki and Bohuslav Balbín, among others), that the noble House of Zierotin descends from a certain Oleg of Rus (see :ru:Олег Моравский for details).
References
Year of birth missing
Rurik dynasty
10th-century princes in Kievan Rus'
977 deaths
Burials at the Church of the Tithes
MEST or Mest may refer to:
As an initialism
Ministry of Education, Science and Technology (disambiguation)
Middle European Summer Time, obsolete variant name of the Central European Summer Time, a time offset
MEST (Scientology) ("Matter, Energy, Space and Time"), used in Scientology to refer to the physical universe
MEST (gene), a gene in humans that encodes the mesoderm-specific transcript homolog protein
Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology, a school in Accra, Ghana
Cystic nephroma, a type of begin kidney tumor also known as a mixed epithelial stromal tumor
Other
Mest, a pop punk band from Blue Island, Illinois
Mest (album), their third studio album
Revenge, the Russian word for which is Мест, rendered Mest in the Latin alphabet
The Red Flute, a Soviet drama film with the Russian title Mest
Soviet submarine M-200, a short-range attack submarine of the Soviet Navy
Musti (Tunisia), a former Roman city in northern Tunisia, also known as Mest
Vem vet mest? ("Who Knows Best?"), a Swedish game show
See also
Moest (disambiguation)
Carole Sinoquet (born June 7, 1975 at Domont) is a former French athlete, who specialized in the hammer throw.
Biography
She won two titles of champion of France in the hammer throw in 1995 and 1996.
In 1996, she improved on four occasions French hammer throw record successively bringing it to 57.06 m, 57.16 m, 57.32 m and 57.54 m.
Prize list
French Championships in Athletics :
2-time winner in the hammer throw 1995 and 1996.
Records
Notes and references
Docathlé2003, Fédération française d'athlétisme, 2003, p. 432
1975 births
Living people
French female hammer throwers
Othello Nelson "Chico" Renfroe (March 1, 1923 – September 3, 1991) was an American professional baseball shortstop in the Negro leagues and in the Mexican League. He played from 1945 to 1953 with several teams, including the Kansas City Monarchs, Cleveland Buckeyes, Indianapolis Clowns and the Torreon Algodoneros.
References
External links
and Seamheads
1923 births
1991 deaths
Kansas City Monarchs players
Cleveland Buckeyes players
Indianapolis Clowns players
Baseball players from Newark, New Jersey
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Baseball infielders
The Borakalalo Game Reserve is a protected area in North West Province, South Africa. It is located about 80 kilometres NNW of Pretoria and 60 km north of Brits. This majestic Nature reserve has unfortunately been hampered by numerous safety problems, especially affecting overnight visitors to the reserve. Also known as a fantastic birding destination with specials including African Finfoot, Meyer's Parrot and Grey-Headed Kingfisher.
Characteristics
The reserve covers an area of about 13,000 hectares. The protected area is situated around the Klipvoor Dam and the Moretele River. The park consists of woodland and open bushveld vegetation.
The nearest bank is at Letlhabile, about 45 km south of the Reserve. There is a shop at the gate of the park selling basic goods. There are also good fishing spots in the park area, mainly in the Klipvoor Dam.
Mammals
A large number of mammal species are present in the reserve, among others the following deserve mention:
Aardwolf
Black-backed jackal
Blesbok
Blue wildebeest
Brown hyena
Cape Buffalo
Cape fox
Caracal
Common Reedbuck
Eland
Gemsbok
Giraffe
Impala
Hippopotamus
Kudu
Leopard
Mountain reedbuck
Nyala
Red hartebeest
Roan antelope
Sable antelope
Tsessebe
Warthog
Waterbuck
Zebra
In addition to the mammals, over 350 species of bird have been recorded in the park. These include eagles and other birds of prey.
References
External links
Borakalalo Accommodation
North West Provincial Parks
Geltz is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
James A. Geltz (1900–1963), American attorney and politician
Steve Geltz (born 1987), American baseball player
Tim Geltz, 20th century American soccer player
See also
Goelz
Mamadou N'Diaye is the name of:
Mamadou N'Diaye (athlete) (1939-2008), Senegalese Olympic sprinter
Mamadou N'Diaye (basketball, born 1975), Senegalese basketball player
Mamadou N'Diaye (basketball, born 1993), Senegalese basketball player
Mamadou N'Diaye (footballer, born 1984), Senegalese footballer
Mamadou N'Diaye (footballer, born 1986), Senegalese footballer
Mamadou N'Diaye (footballer, born 1995), Senegalese footballer
Mamadou N'Diaye (footballer, born 1996), Senegalese footballer
The Battle of Lubieszów (Battle of Lubieszów Lake), occurred on April 17, 1577, was the most important battle in the two-year Danzig Rebellion fought between the forces loyal to the newly elected King Stefan Batory of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and the Commonwealth's richest city, Danzig (Gdańsk), following the city's refusal to accept the election of Batory as monarch of the Commonwealth which had taken place on December 15, 1575. The battle took place to the west of the town of Tczew (Dirschau), southeast of Gdansk on the left bank of the Vistula river, near Lubieszów Lake (present name Lubiszewo Lake) and the modern village of Lubiszewo Tczewskie (). While it was not a decisive victory insofar as Gdansk itself was not taken and the war raged on, the city, having lost much of its wealthy citizenry, did finally to come to terms with the king at the end of the year.
The city's army, led by the mercenary German commander Jan Winkelbruch (Hans Winckelbruch or Winckelburg von Kölln), was about 7,000–12,000 strong (including mercenaries, among them a Scottish regiment which did not participate in the battle itself), but with less than 1,000 cavalry. The city's army was utterly defeated by the army of Jan Zborowski (of about 2,000 men, half of them cavalry). The Danzigers, who lost over half of their army to casualties and surrender, were forced to retreat behind the walls, and thus the Siege of Danzig (1577) began.
Initial Moves
The campaign leading up to the battle began in August 1576; Batory marched with 2,000 men to Malbork, east of Tczew in order to isolate Gdańsk from the surrounding countryside. The following January he took the town of Tczew, and successively stormed the rebel defenses at Głowa and Garabina. The last of these was a mere from Gdańsk and its fall to the king cut the city off by land. The king then left the army under command of hetman Jan Zborowski, ordering a blockade to isolate the city by sea as well, with Polish privateers fighting both the Gdańsk and Danish fleets.
Opposing Forces
The winter reduced military action to minor skirmishing and the spring thaw halted all military engagements, but during this lull, the city magnates hired the German mercenary captain Hans Winckelbruch von Kölln, who, in April, marched out to engage the Polish army at Lubieszów, near Tczew. The Polish army consisted of 1000 infantry (primarily Hungarians and Wallachians) and 1,300 cavalry, while Winckelbruch's force was made up of 3,100 landsknechts, 400 mercenary reiter cavalry, 400 city cavalry, and 6,000–8,000 militiamen, in total 10–12,000 soldiers. He also brought 7 cannon and 30 light cannon mounted on wagons. On hearing of Winckelbruch's advance, hetman Zborowski marched all but 100 infantry out of Tczew to attack the Gdańsk army, crossing the Motława River (a tributary of the Vistula then swollen with the spring thaw) at Rokitki, while Winckelbruch sent a force of 200 to delay the Commonwealth army as he tried to flank it and cross the Motława between two lakes to the south of the town of Lubieszów itself, west south west of Rokitki. While scouts informed Zborowski of the flanking move, two standards of cavalry he sent out to stop them were unable to stop Winckelbruch's crossing. Upon hearing of the failure to dislodge Winckelbruch from his left flank, Zborowski ordered the bridge at Roktiki destroyed and sent all of his forces to the west to engage Winckelbruch at the lakes.
The battle
The battle started in earnest with Polish-Hungarian infantry advancing, crouching at first to avoid withering enemy fire, to capture a battery of Gdańsk artillery, which was then turned to fire on the Danzig army. Winckelbruch ordered the landsknechts to attack with pikes, but they were repelled by the king's infantry who charged them with sabers. The landsknechts held their ground before the enemy infantry but finally broke when another two companies of Polish hussars attacked them in the flank. With this, the entire Danzig army broke and fled, and the Polish cavalry kept up the chase right to the Danzig city gates. Danzig's losses amounted to 4,400 dead and 5,000 taken prisoner, while the king's army suffered 188 casualties, only 88 of them deaths.
The aftermath
The battle, while decisive for the king, did not end Gdańsk's resistance. The king could only reinforce his forces in June, and a raid on July 3 destroyed a third of Batory's artillery park, making direct assault on the city, defended by heavy medieval walls, very difficult. In September, Batory began withdrawing his army to prepare for war with Muscovy. Both sides came to terms in December 1577, with Batory receiving an indemnity of 200,000 Polish złotys while confirming the city's liberties.
Significance
Although it failed to end the wider war, the Battle of Lubieszów is seen to mark the beginning of the heyday of the Polish-Lithuanian hussars, who were so instrumental in sealing the victory that day.
References
Further reading
Sikora Radoslaw, Musialowicz Bartosz, Winged Hussars, BUM Magazine, October 2016.
External links
Battle of Lubieszow, 1577
Map of the battle
Conflicts in 1577
1577 in Europe
Lubieszow, battle of
History of Gdańsk
Lubieszow
Military history of Poland
The first class of steam locomotive to be designated the D II by the Royal Bavarian State Railways (Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn) comprised small tank locomotives with two coupled axles. Because these engines were retired very early, from 1891 to 1898, their class number was reused for the six-coupled shunter introduced in 1898 and which later became the DRG Class 89.60.
The original D II was the smallest standard gauge locomotive ever owned by the Bavarian State Railway. It was based on a design by Krauss which was delivered in numerous variants for different purposes to stations and construction firms. The boiler had a regulator housing behind the chimney instead of a steam dome from which the steam pipes ran to the cylinders on the outside of the boiler. The steam supply was controlled by an outside Allan valve gear. The engines ran on cast iron disc wheels and has a well tank, i.e. the space between sole bars of the locomotive frame was used for the water tank. The driver's cab initially had just a free-standing roof; later the engines were give a full cab with a roof that sloped towards the front.
Four engines were delivered with the names: GEIER, STRAUSS, FUCHS and BÄR. The D II was used in the early 1870s on the Vizinalbahn lines from Siegelsdorf to Langenzenn, Immenstadt to Sonthofen and Georgensgmünd to Spalt. BÄR was deployed to the Immenstadt to Sonthofen line, which had been opened in 1873, and STRAUSS was used on the line from Siegelsdorf to Langenzenn, to be joined later by the other engines.
An excellent 1:10 model of BÄR is displayed in the Nuremberg Transport Museum.
Sources
See also
Royal Bavarian State Railways
List of Bavarian locomotives and railbuses
Bavarian D II
0-4-0T locomotives
D 02 old
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Krauss locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1873
B n2t locomotives
Shunting locomotives
Logan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,528. The county seat is Sterling. The county was named for General John A. Logan.
Logan County comprises the Sterling, CO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Cheyenne County, Nebraska - north
Phillips County - east
Sedgwick County - east
Yuma County - southeast
Washington County - south
Morgan County - southwest
Weld County - west
Kimball County, Nebraska - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 76
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 138
State Highway 14
State Highway 61
State Highway 63
State Highway 113
State protected area
North Sterling State Park
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Pawnee Pioneer Trails
South Platte Trail
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 20,504 people, 7,551 households, and 5,066 families in the county. The population density was 11 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 8,424 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 91.65% White, 2.05% Black or African American, 0.64% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 3.77% from other races, and 1.43% from two or more races. 11.90% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 7,551 households 31.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.80% were married couples living together, 8.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.90% were non-families. 28.50% of households were one person and 12.40% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.02.
The age distribution was 24.70% under the age of 18, 10.80% from 18 to 24, 28.30% from 25 to 44, 21.70% from 45 to 64, and 14.50% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 112.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.60 males.
The median household income was $32,724 and the median family income was $42,241. Males had a median income of $28,155 versus $21,110 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,721. About 9.00% of families and 12.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.40% of those under age 18 and 10.90% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Logan County is strongly Republican in presidential elections. Since 1888, the county has failed to back the Republican candidate in only six presidential elections, most recently in 1964 in the midst of Lyndon B. Johnson's national landslide victory.
Communities
City
Sterling
Towns
Crook
Fleming
Iliff
Merino
Peetz
Census-designated places
Atwood
Dailey
Padroni
Willard
Unincorporated communities
Proctor
Ghost towns
Ackerman
Armstrong
Beta
Buchanan
Galien
Graylin
Griff
Jessica
Kelly
Lesy
Logan
Marcott
Mount Hope
New Haven
Powell
Red Lion
Rockland
Selma
Shahan
St. Petersberg
Tobin
Twin Mills
Westplains
Winston
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
Sterling Micropolitan Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Colorado
References
External links
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1887 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1887
The épée event for amateurs was one of three épée events at the 1900 Summer Olympics. 102 fencers from 11 nations competed, with 91 of them from France. The event was won by Ramón Fonst of Cuba, the first of his two golds in individual épée. Silver and bronze both went to host nation fencers, Louis Perrée and Léon Sée.
These poorly organized games derisively called “The Farcical Games” and so poorly publicized that even competiors years later were clueless that they had competed in the Olympics in 1900. No official records for the games exist. These accomplishments are not even mentioned in the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica.
This was the first appearance of the event, which was not held at the first Games in 1896 (with only foil and sabre events held) but has been held at every Summer Olympics since 1900.
Competition format
The event used a four-round format: round 1, quarterfinals, semifinals, and a final. Each round consisted of pool play. For round 1, the fencers were divided into 17 pools of 6 or 7 fencers each; the top two fencers in each pool advanced to the quarterfinals. The quarterfinals were intended to divide the 34 fencers into 6 pools of 5 or 6 fencers each; after 3 men withdrew, the round consisted of 5 pools of 6 fencers plus a special pool of the last remaining fencer plus 4 of the losers from the first 5 pools. The top 3 fencers in each pool advanced to the semifinals. The semifinals had the 18 men compete in 3 pools of 6, with the top 3 in each pool advancing to a 9-man final.
The actual competition format within pools is not entirely clear. Only results from the final are known. In the final, each fencer had 5 or 6 bouts (rather than 8, which would be the number if a full round-robin were held). The top places were determined by number of wins, with a barrage held when two fencers finished with 4 wins (though one had only 1 loss while the other had 2).
Schedule
Results
Round 1
The first round of the event consisted of pool play round-robin tournaments. Each fencer faced each other fencer once. Of the 17 pools, 15 had six fencers each and 2 had seven. The top two placers in each advanced to the quarterfinals.
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
Pool E
Pool F
Pool G
Pool H
Pool I
Pool J
Pool K
Pool L
Pool M
Pool N
Pool O
Pool P
Pool Q
Quarterfinals
The quarterfinals were again round-robin affairs. The original plan was that of the 6 pools, 2 would have five fencers each and 4 would have six. The top three in each pool were to advance. Three quarterfinalists (Maurice Jay, André Rabel, and Jean-Joseph Renaud) dropped out, so the quarterfinals were reorganized. There were 5 pools with 6 fencers each; the sixth pool included Holzchuch and four fencers who had lost in other quarterfinals and got a second chance to advance.
Quarterfinal A
Quarterfinal B
Quarterfinal C
Quarterfinal D
Quarterfinal E
Quarterfinal F
Semifinals
The semifinals, with 18 fencers left, were conducted in three pools of round-robin play. Each pool had six fencers, with the top three advancing to the final.
Semifinal A
Semifinal B
Semifinal C
Final
In the final, each fencer had either 5 or 6 bouts. Fonst and Perrée initially tied for first with 4 wins each, then Fonst won the barrage to break the tie.
Results summary
Notes
Fencing at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Danish nationality law is governed by the Constitutional Act of the Realm of Denmark (of 1953) and the Consolidated Act of Danish Nationality (of 2003, with amendment in 2004).
Danish nationality can be acquired in one of the following ways:
Automatically at birth if either parent is a Danish citizen, regardless of birthplace, if the child was born on or after 1 July 2014.
Automatically if a person is adopted as a child under 12 years of age
By declaration for nationals of another Nordic country
By naturalisation, that is, by statute
In December 2018, the law on Danish citizenship was changed so that a handshake was mandatory during the ceremony. The regulation was made in an attempt to target members of the Islamist group Hizb ut-Tahrir from receiving Danish citizenship, since many of them refuse to shake hands with individuals of the opposite sex.
Loss of Danish Nationality
Automatically at age 22 if a person acquired Danish nationality by birth, but was not born in the Kingdom of Denmark unless:
this would render the person stateless
the person has lived in another Nordic country for an aggregate period of no less than 7 years
the person stayed in Denmark continuously for 3 months while registered on the Det Centrale Personregister
the person visited Denmark for a period totally 1 year under circumstances indicating some association with Denmark
By court order if a person acquired his or her Danish nationality by fraudulent conduct, for example a sham marriage
By court order if a person is convicted of violation of one or more provisions of Parts 12 and 13 of the Danish Criminal Code (crimes against national security), unless this would render the person stateless
By voluntary application to the Minister for Refugee, Immigration and Integration Affairs (a person who is or who desires to become a national of a foreign country may be released from his or her Danish nationality by such an application)
Naturalisation as a Danish citizen
One must have permanent residence status in the Kingdom of Denmark in order to become a citizen.
9 years of continuous residence, with restricted allowance for an interrupted residence of up to 1 year or 2 years in special circumstances (education, family illness). Continuous residence is not clearly defined, but one must state periods of absence from the Kingdom of Denmark longer than 4 consecutive weeks .
8 years of continuous residence for people who are stateless or with refugee status
Each year of marriage to a Danish citizen reduces the requirement by one year, to a maximum reduction of 3 years. Therefore, a minimum of 6 years of continuous uninterrupted residence is required for people who have been married to Danish nationals for 3 years.
There is a special and little mentioned clause which allows for absences from the Kingdom of Denmark of longer than 1 or 2 years if one is married to a Danish citizen. The total period of continuous residence should be at least 3 years and it must exceed the total periods of absence, AND either: the period of marriage being at least 2 years or the total period of residence in the Kingdom of Denmark being 10 years less the period of marriage and the 1 year the applicant and Danish spouse have lived together before marriage). One must still have permanent residence.
If one is married to a Dane working 'for Danish interests' in a foreign country, then this period of absence from the Kingdom of Denmark can count as duration of residence in the Kingdom of Denmark.
According to Statistics Denmark, 3,267 foreigners living in Denmark replaced their foreign citizenship with Danish citizenship in 2012. A total of 71.4% of all those who were naturalized in 2012 were from the non-Western world. Half of all new Danish citizenships in 2012 were given to people from Iraq, Afghanistan, Turkey, Somalia and Iran.
Crime
Immigrants who have committed crimes may be denied Danish citizenship. For instance, immigrants who have received a prison sentence of one year or more, or at least three months for crimes against a person cannot receive citizenship. Convictions which have resulted in a fine also carries with it a time period for immigrants, where citizenship applications are rejected up to 4.5 years after the fine. Upon several offences, the period is extended by 3 years.
In April 2021, the Mette Frederiksen Cabinet approved regulation which stops awarding citizenship to foreigners who had received a prison sentence in court which also encompassed suspended prison sentences. Previously, awarding citizenship was possible for foreigners with a prison sentence of less than a year.
Dual citizenship
In October 2011, the newly elected centre-left coalition government indicated its intention to permit dual citizenship.
On 18 December 2014, Parliament passed a bill to allow Danish citizens to become foreign nationals without losing their Danish citizenship, and to allow foreign nationals to acquire Danish citizenship without renouncing their prior citizenship. A provision in the bill also allows former Danish nationals who lost their citizenship as a result of accepting another to reobtain Danish citizenship. This provision expired in 2020. A separate provision, lasting until 2017, allows current applicants for Danish citizenship who have been approved under the condition they renounce their prior citizenship to retain their prior nationality as they become Danish citizens. The law came into force on 1 September 2015.
Anyone with Danish (or other) citizenship may be required by a country of which they are also citizens to give up their other (Danish) citizenship, although this cannot be enforced outside the jurisdiction of the country in question. For example Japan does not permit multiple citizenship, while Argentina has no restrictions.
EU Citizenship
Citizenship of the European Union for Danish citizens varies in each part of The unity of the Realm.
Denmark
Danish citizens residing in Denmark proper are also citizens of the European Union under European Union law and thus enjoy rights of free movement and have the right to vote in elections for the European Parliament. When in a non-EU country where there is no Danish embassy, Danish citizens have the right to get consular protection from the embassy of any other EU country present in that country. Danish citizens can live and work in any country within the EU as a result of the right of free movement and residence granted in Article 21 of the EU Treaty.
Greenland
Greenland joined the European Economic Community along with Denmark proper in 1973 but left in 1985. Although Greenland is not part of the European Union, but remains associated with the EU through its OCT-status. The associated relationship with the EU also means that Greenlandic nationals are EU citizens. This allows Greenlanders to move and reside freely within the EU.
Faroe Islands
The Faroe Islands have never been part of the EU or its predecessors, and EU treaties do not apply to the islands. Consequently, Danish citizens residing in the Faroe Islands are not EU citizens within the meaning of the treaties. However, they can choose between a non-EU Danish-Faroese passport (which is green and modelled on pre-EU Danish passport) or a regular Danish EU passport. Some EU member states may treat Danish citizens residing in the Faroe Islands the same as other Danish citizens and thus as EU citizens.
Concerning citizenship of the European Union as established in the Maastricht Treaty, Denmark proper obtained an opt-out in the Edinburgh Agreement, in which EU citizenship does not replace national citizenship and each member state is free to determine its nationals according to its own nationality law. The Amsterdam Treaty extends this to all EU member states, which renders the Danish opt-out de facto meaningless.
Travel freedom of Danish citizens
Visa requirements for Danish citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of the Kingdom of Denmark. In May 2018, Danish citizens had visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 185 countries and territories, ranking the Danish passport 5th in the world according to the Henley visa restrictions index.
The Danish nationality is ranked fourth in The Quality of Nationality Index (QNI). This index differs from the Henley Passport Index, which focuses on external factors including travel freedom. The QNI considers, besides travel freedom, internal factors such as peace & stability, economic strength, and human development as well.
See also
Immigration to Denmark
Citizenship in the Danish West Indies
Reference
External links
Danish Immigration service
Circular letter No. 61 on Naturalisation, 22 September 2008
Nationality law
Danish nationality law
Denmark and the European Union
Stanislav Oleksandrovych Morozov (; , born 1 February 1979) is a former pair skater who competed for Ukraine and now works as a coach in Russia. With partner Tatiana Volosozhar, he was a four-time (2005, 2007, 2008, 2010) Ukrainian national champion. They placed 12th at the 2006 Winter Olympics and 8th at the 2010 Winter Olympics, and as high as 4th place at Worlds and Europeans.
Career
Morozov began skating because his father was a pair coach, however, as a young boy he was considered overweight and written off. After starting out as a singles skater, Morozov switched to pair skating at 11. He was coached by Halyna Kukhar from 1996 until 2008. Morozov first competed with Olena Bilousivska and then with Aliona Savchenko.
Savchenko and Morozov won the 2000 World Junior Championships. They went on to place 15th at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He retired from competitive skating in 2002 due to injuries, and turned to coaching. He coached the team of Tatiana Volosozhar and Petr Kharchenko, and later offered to skate with her.
Volosozhar and Morozov placed 12th at the 2006 Winter Olympics and finished 4th at the 2007 World Championships. They were originally coached by Galina Kukhar. In 2008 they moved to Chemnitz, Germany and were coached by Ingo Steuer. They won their first Grand Prix medals, a silver and a bronze, the following season, and qualified for the 2008-09 Grand Prix Final where they placed fourth. In 2009-10, they won medals at both their Grand Prix events, but did not qualify for the Grand Prix Final. They finished 8th at the 2010 Winter Olympics and did not skate at the World Championships the following month.
In March 2010, Morozov retired from competitive skating, after which he performed with Volosozhar in several shows in the spring. She teamed up with Russian skater Maxim Trankov in May 2010 and now represents Russia; Morozov is their assistant coach, working with Nina Mozer.
Programs
With Volosozhar
With Savchenko
Results
With Volosozhar
With Savchenko
With Bilousivska
References
External links
Ukrainian male pair skaters
Olympic figure skaters of Ukraine
Figure skaters at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
1979 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Medalists at the 2007 Winter Universiade
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Russian figure skating coaches
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
Chizhou railway station is a railway station in Tongguan District, Tongling, Anhui, China.
History
The station opened on 1 September 2008 with the introduction of passenger services on the Tongling–Jiujiang railway. On 6 December 2015, high-speed service began with the opening of the Nanjing–Anqing intercity railway.
References
Railway stations in Anhui
Railway stations opened in 2008
The Glass-Blowers is a 1963 novel by Daphne du Maurier.
The novel tells the story of a French family of glassblowers, the Bussons, charting their journey before, during and after the French Revolution.
The story is based loosely on du Maurier's own family history, she is a fifth-generation descendant of a master glassblower who had moved to England during the French Revolution.
Plot summary
In 1841, Sophie Duval receives a letter from her daughter, Zoe, telling of a man she has met who shares her mother's maiden name. Sophie arranges to meet the man, Louis-Mathurin Busson, having established that he is the son of her eldest brother Robert. After meeting him and finding confirming who he is, Sophie tells the story of her family and how Robert's son grew up in England not knowing of his family in France.
The Bussons were a successful family of glassblowers who produced high quality pieces for the aristocracy. The eldest son, Robert shows a lot of talent as a glassblower but is desperate to be part of higher society. This leads him into financial trouble and needs to be rescued by his father.
The second son of the family, Pierre, has no interest in glass and is sent away by the family to Martinique to work with a rich planter. Later, after his return and the death of his father, he becomes a notary to help the repressed.
Sophie marries one of Robert's friends, François helps with the running of the refinery. She keeps in contact with Robert, though cannot understand his obsession with high society.
Michel takes up the family trade but never does as well as his father and brother before him.
Edmé, hoping for an easy life, marries a rich, older man who is tax collector.
As the Revolution takes place, Robert's allegiances lead him abroad to safety in England. Abandoning his son, Jaques, with his family in France, Robert leaves with his second wife. He hopes to ingratiate himself with members of the exiled aristocracy but without success.
Michel and François lead groups of militia and gradually find themselves in positions of authority, using fear of attacks by Royalists to leverage power. Edmé's separates from her husband who later flees to avoid being caught by the revolutionaries.
With France a more settled country, Robert returns, abandoning his family and leaving them to believe he has died on the voyage across the Channel. He is reconciled with his brothers but his son he abandoned, Jaques, wants nothing to do with him.
Michel succumbs to a lung disease. Pierre drowns trying to rescue a dog. Robert and Edmé die too, leaving Sophie as the last remaining sibling. She spends her last days writing letters to Robert's son, Louis, to tell him of the family history.
Principal characters
Mathurin Busson: Master glassblower and patriarch of the family
Magdaleine Labbé / Busson: Matriach of the family
Robert Busson: The eldest son. A talented glassblower who has dreams of having a higher place in society
Pierre Busson: Second son of the family. Has little interest in glassblowing and becomes a notary and champion for citizens' rights
Michel Busson: The youngest son of the family. Afflicted with a stutter, he is a talented glassblower but lacks the flair of his father and brother
Sophie Busson / Duval: Daughter of Mathurin and the narrator for most of the story
Edmé Busson: Youngest of the children who shared Pierre's passion for the rights of the people
References
1963 British novels
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
Novels by Daphne du Maurier
Armadillo was a 2001 three part television film starring James Frain, directed by Howard Davies and based on William Boyd's 1998 novel of the same name. Boyd also served as the screenwriter for the show.
Cast
James Frain as Lorimer Black
Moses Rockman as James
Tom Hiddleston as Toby Sherrifmuir
Catherine McCormack as Flavia Malinverno
Stephen Rea as Hogg
Hugh Bonneville as Torquil Helvoir Jayne
James Fox as Sir Simon Sherrifmuir
Neil Pearson as Rintoul
Production
The film was shot in London.
Release
The series was originally telecast as a three-part television film by BBC beginning 16 September 2001 on BBC One, it was also aired in a single, three-hour television film by American network A+E on 5 August 2002.
References
External links
2001 British television series debuts
2001 British television series endings
2000s British drama television series
BBC television dramas
2000s British television miniseries
Television shows based on British novels
English-language television shows
Television shows set in London
Films with screenplays by William Boyd (writer)
The men's 90 kg judo competition at the 2016 Summer Paralympics was held on 10 September at Carioca Arena 3.
Results
Repechage
References
Official results
External links
M90
Judo at the Summer Paralympics Men's Middleweight
The 2014–15 Scottish Championship is the 20th season in the current format of 10 teams in the second tier of Scottish football.
Heart of Midlothian won the title on 22 March 2015 and secured their return to the Scottish Premiership with a record seven matches remaining, after Rangers defeated city rivals Hibernian 2–0. This marked the first time since the 1984-85 season that a side in the same division as an Old Firm club won a league title in Scotland.
Teams
Rangers were promoted as 2013–14 Scottish League One champions, whilst Heart of Midlothian were relegated from the 2013–14 Scottish Premiership. Hibernian finished 11th in the Premiership and were eventually relegated after a play-off against Hamilton Academical, losing a penalty shoot-out following a 2–2 draw on aggregate over two legs.
Stadia and locations
Stadia by capacity and locations
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
League table
Results
Teams play each other four times in this league. In the first half of the season each team plays every other team twice (home and away) and then do the same in the second half of the season, for a total of 36 games.
First half of season
Second half of season
Championship play-offs
The second bottom team in the Championship enters into a 4 team playoff with the teams from 2nd to 4th from League One
Semi-finals
All times British Summer Time (UTC+1)
First leg
Second leg
Alloa win 2-1 on aggregate
Forfar win 4-1 on aggregate
Final
The two semi-final winners enter a two-legged play-off, the winner of which is awarded a place in the 2015–16 Scottish Championship.
First leg
Second leg
Alloa win 4-3 on aggregate
Top scorers
References
Scottish Championship seasons
2014–15 Scottish Professional Football League
2
Scot
Gary Shail (born 10 November 1959) is an English actor, director, producer and musician.
Career
Gary Shail began work in TV and film in 1977 and is best known for his roles as Spider in the 1979 film Quadrophenia and as Steve, the punky teenager in The Metal Mickey TV Show.
Shail appeared in the 1980 series The Further Adventures of Oliver Twist, portrayed Oscar Drill in Shock Treatment, the 1981 follow-up to The Rocky Horror Picture Show, and portrayed Guy Raines in the 1983 BBC production Johnny Jarvis. He wrote the original songs and theme music for this production, for which he received a nomination for the Ivor Novello Awards. In 1988 Shail appeared as the pimp "Billy White" in the TV mini-series of Jack the Ripper, starring Michael Caine. He has made appearances in the TV series The Bill, Casualty, and The Professionals.
In 1995, Shail began working with music production company Natural Sound Source in London, producing music for television, film, and advertising. In 2004, he produced the Arabic fusion album Infinity in Dubai.
In 2010, Shail was back in the recording studio working on his autobiographical self-penned album Daze Like This. A collection of new songs interspersed with some re-workings of some Johnny Jarvis themes.
In October 2015, Shail's memoir I Think I'm On The Guest List was published.
In 2016, Shail returned to acting with a cameo role in the film Stranger, where he was cast as a psychopathic cowboy. He also filmed Hound, a biopic of the 18th century poet Francis Thompson. The film also stars Toyah Willcox, Hazel O'Connor and Wayne Sleep and was released in 2018.
In 2019 Shail starred in the film 'To be someone' which also featured many of the original cast of Quadrophenia.
Gary Shail now lives in Dorset where he continues to compose and produce music in his own residential recording studio.
Filmography
Selected films include:
Quadrophenia (1979) - Spider
The Music Machine (1979) - Aldo
Shock Treatment (1981) - Oscar Drill
Give My Regards to Broad Street (1984) - Apache Dancer
The Bride (1985) - First Circus Hand
Jack the Ripper (1988) - Pimp
Jekyll & Hyde (1990) - Sailor
Day of the Stranger (2020) - Loomweather
TV:
The Professionals (1980) Episode "Take Away" - Jimmy
Metal Mickey (1980-1983) - Steve
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
English male television actors
English male film actors
English film score composers
English male film score composers
English television composers
English songwriters
Deng is also a common first or last name used among the tribes of South Sudan, shared by the Dinkas, Nuers and Shilluks. It has various meanings; for instance, it means "Rain" in Dinka. The Dinkas also believe that the most powerful god, ruler of all gods, is Deng.
People with the name originating in South Sudan include:
Given name
Deng Adel (born 1996), South Sudan-born Australian basketball player
Deng Adut, defence lawyer and New South Wales Australian of the Year for 2017
Deng Deng (born 1992), South Sudanese-Australian basketball player
Surname
Ajak Deng, Australian fashion model (April 2016 Vogue Italia cover model)
Ajou Deng (born 1978), British basketball player; older son of Aldo
Aldo Deng, former South Sudanese politician
Ataui Deng, Sudanese-American model
Dominic Dim Deng, South Sudanese military commander
Joseph Deng, Australian middle distance runner
Francis Deng, South Sudanese politician
Kuony Deng, South Sudanese NFL Player
Luol Deng (born 1985), South Sudan-born British basketball player; younger son of Aldo
Majok Deng, Australian basketballer
Peter Deng, Australian footballer
Thomas Deng, Australian footballer
Valentino Achak Deng, South Sudanese refugee and activist in the U.S.
See also
Deng (Chinese surname) for the Chinese name
Lake Hill or Lakehill may refer to:
Lake Hill Elementary School, a school in Greater Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
Lakehill Ball, a baseball and softball club for youth near Lake Hill Elementary School
Lakehill Soccer Association, a soccer club in Greater Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
See also
Lake Hills (disambiguation), several places
Lakehills, Texas
Giovanni Prini (1877) was an Italian sculptor.
Early life
Prini trained at the Academy of Fine Arts in Genoa.
Career
He made his debut in Turin, in 1898, presenting the sculptural group Le spose del Ligure.
He moved to Rome in 1900 and in 1902 he was among the artists who announced themselves in the guidelines of the magazine "Novissima".
Prini, a sensitive interpreter of the child's soul, sculpted groups of children who expressed great melancholy; images of a sad childhood that seemed burdened by a cruel fate. In this period he started the collaboration with Manifattura di Signa, for the production of ceramic sculptures, with children.
In 1905 he exhibited, in a personal room of the Society of Amateurs and Cultori of Rome, sketches for the monuments of Dante and Wagner, charcoal drawings, bronzes with figures of children and oil on paper Innamorati on a bench.
He later opened up to social themes, influenced by Giovanni Cena. He tackled work themes and illustrated covers for the weekly "Avanti della Domenica". His bronze of 1907, entitled The Blacksmith, entered the Quirinale collections.
He was a popular and recognized artist when he created, in 1911, the bas-relief The artist and the artistic battles which is in Rome, in front of the National Gallery of Modern and Contemporary Art. It evokes the grandeur of Michelangelo, with suggestions of classical Greek art. For an exhibition in Castel Sant'Angelo, Prini rebuilt in a plastic form historical parades, drawn from ancient engravings.
Prini carved commissioned monuments, friezes of public buildings, portals, sepulchral chapels, statues, fountains. He created the bronze group of the baptismal font in the church of Sant'Eugenio, in Rome, and the "Pietà" that is in the crypt of Church of the Divine Wisdom, of the University of Rome "La Sapienza". In Sanremo he carved a luminous fountain dedicated to Mussolini, later destroyed.
In 1923, he exhibited in Monza statues to decorate fountains, terracotta, colored statues and, with Vittorio Grassi, furnished the Music Room. At the Venice Biennale of 1930 he exhibited bronze statuettes in the jewellery section later n the hall of the Quadrennial of Rome, of 1948. His sculpture Ritratto di bimba is at the National Gallery of Modern Art in Rome. At the Vatican Museums (Collection of modern religious art) is preserved Anna , a bronze of 1939.
Personal life
He married Orazia Belsito, poet and painter, who opened Prini's home-studio, on Via Nomentana, to a select group of friends, intellectuals and artists, including Umberto Boccioni, the writer Sibilla Aleramo, the journalist/writer Giovanni Cena, Gino Severini, Duilio Cambellotti, the sculptor Ettore Ximenes and symbolist poet Sergio Corazzini.
References
1877 births
Year of death missing
Accademia Ligustica di Belle Arti alumni
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
San Antero is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - San Antero
San Antero official website
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
Indian Institute of Information Technology, Kottayam (abbreviated IIIT Kottayam or IIITK) is an autonomous engineering Institute located at Valavoor, Palai, Kottayam District, Kerala. It is one of the Indian Institute of Information Technology institutes established by The Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India under Public-private partnership mode sponsored by Government of India, Government of Kerala and Industry partner in the investment ratio of 50:35:15.
History
IIIT Kottayam was founded in 2015. In 2017, IIITK was declared as an Institute of National Importance by IIIT PPP Bill 2017.
IIITK started its functioning in June, 2015 in Amal Jyothi College of Engineering, Kerala as its temporary campus under the mentorship of NIT Calicut. In December 2016, the mentorship of IIITK has been moved to IISER Thiruvananthapuram and the transit campus was shifted to Gulati Institute of Finance and Taxation (GIFT) campus at Thiruvananthapuram. IIITK started functioning in its permanent campus which was officially inaugurated by Shri Prakash Javadekar, Honorable Human Resource Minister on 20 February 2019 through video conferencing.
The first mentor director of the institute was Sivaji Chakravorti, director of NIT Calicut. After the transfer of mentorship to IISER-TVM, Prof. V. Ramakrishnan became the mentor director of IIIT Kottayam. Since March 2019, Dr. Rajiv V. Dharaskar has been serving as the permanent director of the institute. M. Radhakrishnan is the registrar of the Institute.
Campus
The IIIT Kottayam's permanent campus is located at Valavoor, Pala, Kottayam district, Kerala. The work for development of the permanent campus is entrusted to CPWD, GoI. The campus is designed to be environment friendly and green with the provision for solar and wind energy.
The campus is located between two cities Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi. The nearest means of Transport available are as follows:
Nearest Railway station - Kottayam Railway Station (33 km from the main campus).
Airport - Cochin International Airport (COK) (67 km).
Nearby bus stand - Valavoor bus stand (1.3 km).
Academic
IIITK at present offers B.Tech - M.S dual degree program and Ph.D. courses in Computer Science & Engineering.
The admission to B.Tech/M.S programs is based on the performance of Joint Entrance Exam (JEE MAINS) and HSC Examinations as per Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) guidelines. The number of seats available for admission is decided by Academic Advisory Committee/Senate which at present is 90 for CSE branch.
Student life
Student clubs
IIITK comprises four clubs:
betaLABS - The Coding club of IIITK focuses on providing the platform for discussion and sharing of information among peers enabling students to widen the horizon of knowledge whilst sharpening their skills. Students are updated with the contemporary works of research and technology through group discussions, seminars, and other activities throughout the week.
WildBeats - The Cultural club of IIITK organizes various cultural festivals throughout the year to celebrate the diversity and integrity of the student's community.
Sportec - The sports club of IIITK encourages students to develop their sports skills and aims to bring sportsmanship among students. Organizes various sports events comprises various track & field events, indoor-outdoor games. Its also organizes the annual sportsmeet "Pradhva".
Trendles club - The social club of the IIITK aims to bring social awareness among students. Organizes various social awareness campaign such as Swachh Bharat etc. It also provides opportunities to the students to develop their photography and literary skills. Its also maintains the social platform of the institute for global outreach.
See also
List of engineering colleges in Kerala
References
External links
MHRD
Kottayam
Universities and colleges in Kottayam district
2015 establishments in Kerala
Educational institutions established in 2015
State agencies of Kerala
Roberto Lacalendola is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Italy.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
motoblog.it article
1988 births
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Sportspeople from Turin
Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1999.
Overview
It was contested by 28 teams, and GIF Sundsvall and BK Häcken won the championship.
League standings
Norra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden – List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
1999
2
Sweden
Sweden
Ivegill is a small village in the Eden district, Cumbria, England. The village has one place of worship and a school. It is located on an unclassified road near Southwaite services which is on the M6 motorway. It takes its name from the River Ive which flows through the centre of the village. Nearby settlements include the villages of Southwaite, Low Braithwaite, Middlesceugh and Highbridge.
See also
Listed buildings in Skelton, Cumbria
References
External links
Cumbria County History Trust: Dalston (nb: provisional research only – see Talk page)
Villages in Cumbria
Eden District
Inglewood Forest
Pál Pálffy ab Erdőd (, ; 19 January 1592 Castle of Vöröskő, Kingdom of Hungary – 26 November 1653 Pressburg, Kingdom of Hungary) was a Hungarian noble and Palatine of Hungary.
Life
Pál Pálffy de Erdőd, was the fourth son of Miklós Pálffy ab Erdőd and Maria von Fugger, daughter of Markus Fugger from the wealthy Fugger family.
He was Geheimrat, Chamberlain, the first Perpetual count of Pozsony County and Captain of the Royal Castle (in Pressburg, today Bratislava, Slovakia). Between 1646 and 1649 he was Judge royal under Emperor Ferdinand III. In 1649 he became Palatine of Hungary and in 1650 Knight in the Order of the Golden Fleece.
He married on 26 July 1629 with Franziska Khuen von Belasi (died 1672) and had three children:
János III Antal (1642–1694), Perpetual count of Pozsony County
János IV Károly (1645–1694), Fieldmarshal in Milano
Mária Magdolna (died 1684), married August von Zinzendorf and Fernando degli Obizzi, no issue.
References
External links
Taschenbuch für die vaterländische Geschichte, Vienna 1828
Hungarian nobility
1580s births
1653 deaths
Knights of the Golden Fleece
Palatines of Hungary
Judges royal
Masters of the cupbearers
Corrhenes flavovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1938
First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 215 East Commerce Street in Greenville, Alabama. It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The church is a member of the Presbyterian Church in America.
References
Presbyterian Church in America churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1886
Churches in Butler County, Alabama
Greenville, Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Butler County, Alabama
1886 establishments in Alabama
The 2017 Maryland Terrapins football team represented the University of Maryland during the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Terrapins played their home games at Maryland Stadium in College Park, Maryland and competed in the East Division of the Big Ten Conference. Maryland celebrated their 125th anniversary of the program that was established in 1892, when the University of Maryland, College Park was still known as the Maryland Agricultural College. They were led by second-year head coach D. J. Durkin. They finished the season 4–8, 2–7 in Big Ten play to finish in a tie for sixth place in the East Division.
Schedule
Maryland announced its 2017 football schedule on July 11, 2013. The 2017 schedule consisted of 6 home, 5 away and 1 neutral site game in the regular season. The Terrapins hosted Big Ten foes Indiana, Michigan, Northwestern, and Penn State, and traveled to Michigan State, Minnesota, Ohio State, and Wisconsin. Maryland played Rutgers in Bronx, New York at Yankee Stadium.
The Terrapins hosted two of the three non-conference opponents, Towson from the Colonial Athletic Association, Central Florida (UCF) from the American Athletic Conference and traveled to Austin, Texas to face Texas from the Big 12 Conference.
Game summaries
at Texas
Maryland spoiled Texas coach Tom Herman's debut by upsetting the Longhorns, 51–41. The Terps got off to a rough start, with quarterback Tyrell Pigrome throwing an interception that was returned for a touchdown on the Terps' first offensive drive of the game. But after that, Maryland scored 27 unanswered points. Texas did come back and got to within three points, but were never able to regain the lead.
Maryland's Ty Johnson rushed for 132 yards on 12 carries, while D.J. Moore caught seven passes for 133 yards. Johnson, Pigrome, Kasim Hill, and Jake Funk all had rushing touchdowns, and Moore and Taivon Jacobs each had a receiving touchdown. The game also featured several non-offensive touchdowns. In addition to the pick-six by Texas, each team returned a blocked kick for a touchdown, and Texas also returned a punt for a touchdown.
While Pigrome had to leave due to an injury in the third quarter, true freshman quarterback Kasim Hill took over for Maryland and performed well, leading the Terps to two touchdowns in the fourth quarter. When it was all finished, Maryland had completed its first win over a ranked opponent since 2010.
During the game, Maryland lost two key players to injury. Starting quarterback Tyrrell Pigrome was lost for the season after tearing his ACL, and senior defensive end Jessie Aniebonam will miss "several months" due to a fractured ankle.
Towson
Maryland's first home game of 2017 saw the Towson Tigers, Maryland's lone FCS opponent this season, visiting College Park. This game marked the first start of true freshman QB Kasim Hill, and he performed very well, completing 13 of 16 passes for 163 yards with no interceptions. Maryland jumped out to a quick 21-0 lead after the first quarter and ended up scoring nine touchdowns against Towson. It was the first time in Maryland history that the team has started a year by scoring at least 50 points in each of its first two games.
Ty Johnson rushed for 124 yards on only five carries, including two long runs for touchdowns (74 and 46 yards). Javon Leake, Jake Funk, Max Bortenschlager, and D.J. Moore also had rushing touchdowns. Moore led the receivers with 97 yards on seven catches, including two passes caught for touchdowns. Darnell Savage added a touchdown after he intercepted a pass thrown by Towson's Ryan Stover.
Maryland had big played all afternoon. Six of Maryland's eight touchdowns by the offense were for at least 20 yards, including two that were over 60 yards. Maryland also had a 75-yard touchdown on an interception return. Moore and Johnson, who both had big games against Texas and also against Towson, combined for five of the nine touchdowns. Freshman tailback Javon Leake make his debut for the Terps and also got in on the big play action, scoring a touchdown after a 61-yard rush.
In the end, Maryland was far too much for Towson to handle, and the Terps ended up with a 63-17 victory.
UCF
Maryland's last non-conference game of the season saw Central Florida visiting College Park. The previous year, Maryland and UCF had met in Orlando, with Maryland winning in double-overtime.
Kasim Hill made his second start at QB for the Terps, but he would not stay in the game for long. In the first quarter during a QB scramble, Hill was injured, and was unable to put any weight on his right leg as he hobbled off the field with assistance. Sophomore QB Max Bortenschlager replaced Hill, but was unable to lead the Terps to victory. He finished 15 for 26 with 132 yards, one touchdown, and two interceptions.
UCF lead 14-3 after the first half. Maryland's offense ended up being outgained 428-197 and was not able to mount any serious threat against UCF. Maryland converted only 2 out of 13 third down attempts. The scoring was capped for the day when a Bortenschlager pass was picked off and returned for a TD by Mike Hughes. Central Florida ended up defeating Maryland by a final score of 38-10.
at Minnesota
at Ohio State
Northwestern
at Wisconsin
Indiana
at Rutgers
Michigan
at Michigan State
Penn State
Roster
Awards and honors
Players in the 2018 NFL Draft
References
Maryland
Maryland Terrapins football seasons
Maryland Terrapins football
Mehran Sattar (, born 2 April 1995 in Shiraz) is an Iranian jiujitsu athlete. He won the Silver medal at the 2014 Ju-Jitsu World Championships in Paris and the Bronze medal at the 2017 Ju-Jitsu Asian Championships in Hanoi, Vietnam. He won 3rd place at the 2021 Ju-Jitsu Asian Championships in the United Arab Emirates.
He is a Member of the Iran Jiujitsu National Team in the 2018 Asian Games
and in Jakarta at the 2014 Asian Beach Games, and in Phuket, Thailand at the 2016 Asian Beach Games in Danang, Vietnam.
References
External links
Mehran Sattar on Instagram
Living people
1995 births
Iranian jujutsuka
Sport in Shiraz
People from Shiraz
Sportspeople from Fars province
Ju-jitsu practitioners at the 2018 Asian Games
Y'Anbessaw Tezeta is the second studio album by Ethiopian tenor saxophone player Getatchew Mekuria in collaboration with Dutch punk rock band The Ex and several other musicians. The title is Amharic for "The Memory of the Lion" and Mekurya intended the record to mark the closure of his 65-year career.
History, recording and release
Five years after the release of his album Moa Anbessa, Getatchew Mekuria asked The Ex to make one more album with him. Mekurya had toured the world with the band and a number of guest musicians in the interim, and chose to revisit some of his older material after deepening his artistic collaboration with them. From December 2011 through April 2012 they recorded several pieces of music—mostly instrumentals—in both the Netherlands and Ethiopia. The Ex brought together an international roster of friends to play horns on the sessions, including Chicago saxophonist Ken Vandermark, French clarinetist Xavier Charles, and Dutch trombonists Joost Buis and Wolter Wierbos. The Ex produced the release of the recordings themselves as a benefit for Mekuria.
The album also features an extra disc of music by Getatchew Mekuria playing live with various ensembles. Much of the disc demonstrates the evolution of his collaboration with European punk and jazz musicians: the first three tracks are of Mekuria performing with the Instant Composers Pool (ICP) in the Netherlands at The Ex's 25th anniversary show in 2004; one track is a recording with The Ex lineup that appears on their album Turn live in France, also from 2004; three more tracks are feature both The Ex and members of ICP (the lineup from Moa Anbessa) performing in Montreal from 2009. The extra disc also features a hidden track of rehearsals, plus archival recordings of Mekuria playing with both the Police and Haile Selassie 1 Theatre Orchestras in Addis Ababa, which The Ex found in a box while visiting Addis Ababa and date back to the early 1960s.
The two-CD set came with a 40-page booklet of photos and was released on The Ex's improv and African music imprint, Terp Records.
Reception
Both Time Magazine and The Rap-Up placed Y'Anbessaw Tezeta at number five on their lists of top albums of 2012.
Track listing and album credits
Disc One
Track list:
Ambassel (7:35)
Tezeta (4:22)
Bertukane / Yematebela Wof / Shegitu (5:53)
Bati (3:45)
Ene Eskemot Derese (4:04)
Yegna Mushera (4:02)
Aha Gedawo (5:00)
Almaz Men Eda New (4:21)
Abbay Abbay / Yene Ayal (4:25)
Zerafewa / Eregedawo (4:12)
Personnel:
Getatchew Mekuria (tenor saxophone)
Arnold de Boer (trumpet)
Terrie Hessels (guitar)
Andy Moor (guitar)
Katherina Bornefeld (drums)
Xavier Charles (clarinet)
Ken Vandermark (baritone saxophone, bass clarinet)
Brodie West (alto saxophone)
Joost Buis (trombone)
Wolter Wierbos [trombone]
Colin McLean (bass)
Melaku Belay (dance)
Recorded December 6/7 2011, February 24/28 2012, April 5/23 2012 at Jottum, Wormerveer, the Netherlands and May 3, 2012 at Fendika, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Engineered and mixed by Maarten Tap, Andy Moor and Arnold de Boer. Mastered by Frank van der Weij, produced by The Ex.
Artwork by Emma Fischer, photos by Matias Corral, Emma Fischer, Andy Moor, Pavel Stráẑay, Nanni Angeli, Barbora Fabianova, Christina Halstrom, Nick Helderman, Leul Mekonnen and Paul Till, with archival photos from Getatchew Mekuria's private photo-albums.
Disc Two
Track list:
"Yene Hasab Gwadegna"
"Aha Gedawo"
"Shellelle"
"Yegenet Musica"
"Ambassel"
"Lale Guma"
"Yaf Zemed Mech Teffa"
"Bati"
"Shellelle Fukera"
"Ambassel"
Recording info:
Tracks 1-3 feature Getatchew Mekuria playing with Instant Composers Pool recorded live at the Paradiso, Amsterdam, November 19, 2004 as part of The Ex's 25th Anniversary Concert.
Track 4 features Getatchew Mekuria playing with The Ex, recorded live in Mulhouse, France, November 12, 2004.
Tracks 5-7 feature Getatchew Mekuria playing with The Ex + Guests recorded live at La Sala Rosa in Montreal, Quebec on September 14 and 16, 2009.
Track 8 performed solo, recorded in 2011.
Tracks 9 recorded with the Police Orchestra in Addis Ababa during the early 1960s.
Track 10 recorded with the Haile Selassie 1 Theatre Orchestra in Addis Ababa during the early 1960s. The song is followed by more than five minutes of snippets of Mekuria rehearsing with The Ex and other musicians.
References
The Ex (band) albums
2012 albums
Getatchew Mekurya albums
Stephen Dotse Koblah Ahialey (born 8 January 1970) is a Ghanaian boxer. He competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Boxers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Ghanaian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Ghana
Boxers from Accra
Light-flyweight boxers
Cameraria aesculisella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the United States (Kentucky and Pennsylvania).
The wingspan is 8–9 mm.
The larvae feed on Aesculus species, including Aesculus flava, Aesculus glabra, Aesculus octandra and Aesculus pavia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a flat, brownish blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. It is a broad linear tract sometimes containing as many as five or six larvae. The winter is passed in the larval state, the period of hibernation lasting from August until April of the following year.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Cameraria at microleps.org
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1871
Taxa named by Vactor Tousey Chambers
Bithnah () is a village in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates (UAE), long occupying a strategic location in the Wadi Ham, which is the only natural link to the interior of the UAE and the Persian Gulf from the East Coast city, and Emirate of Fujairah.
Located between Fujairah City and Masafi, the village is the site of a significant stone and mudbrick fort – Bithnah Fort – and a little-known megalithic tomb that links the village to a 3,000-year-old trade route along Wadi Ham through the Hajar Mountains from the East Coast emirate of Fujairah through Masafi (itself part of Ras Al Khaimah) and Manama down to the desert town of Dhaid and then to Sharjah and the Persian Gulf. It has traditionally been inhabited by members of the Sharqiyin (Al Sharqi) tribe.
History
The Wadi Suq tomb at Bithnah was first excavated by the Swiss-Liechtenstein Foundation for Archaeological Research Abroad (SLFA) between 1987 and 1991. Presided over by Prince Hans-Adam II of Liechtenstein, and directed in the field by Pierre Corboud, the SLFA team conducted several seasons of survey in the mountainous inland area of Fujairah, including the excavations at Bithnah, where a communal Wadi Suq era grave site was uncovered as well as a number of Iron Age finds. There have also been excavations by teams from the University of Geneva and French National Research Centre.
Significant Iron Age finds have been made throughout the area, including a number of petroglyphs. Iron Age finds at Bithnah include buildings and structures that appear to have a religious function, together with finds of snake-decorated ceramics and incense burners, with columned halls and signs of a water distribution strategy tied to centralised authority. The link between snakes and water, evidence of funerary rites and snake worship, is strong.
Bithnah was the site of a significant battle in 1745, according to the historian Ibn Ruzaiq, between members of the Qawasim (Al Qasimi) and Na'im tribes and the Omani Imam and governor of Sohar, Ahmed bin Said. The battle took place when the Qawasim together with the Na'im of Buraimi attempted to fight their way through the Wadi Ham to take the east coast and its great prize, the port of Sohar. This was to mark a new era in the history of the area: the drawn-out battle between the Saidi Omanis against the Qawasim of Ras Al Khaimah and Sharjah, and other tribes of the West coast and interior.
By the turn of the 20th century, Bithnah was a village consisting of some 50 houses of Sharqiyin origin, with some 600 sheep and goats and 4,000 date palms.
Bithnah Fort
Bithnah Fort is thought to date back to the late 18th century, having been built as a result of the Wahhabi incursions of the early 1800s following the Battle of Bithnah. The fort is constructed from stone, mudbrick, and palm-wood planking.
Prior to the construction of the road to Masafi in the 1970s, traffic through to the interior from the coast passed through the bed of the wadi, overlooked by the fort which would have occupied a strategic location – in fact, Bithnah through the ages has been a strategic holding and was a key mainstay in the fortunes of the Sharqiyin through the 18th and early 19th centuries.
In 1884, Sheikh Hamad bin Abdullah Al Sharqi took Bithnah Fort, control of which was to be essential for him when, in 1901, he once again refused the suzerainty of Sharjah and used the fort at Bithnah to refuse aid to the headman of Kalba, who was related to Sheikh Saqr bin Khalid of Sharjah. Together with help from the Shihuh under Ali Bin Ibrahim and Zaid Sinan Kumazari, the Sharqiyin drove the Qawasim out of Bithnah in 1902. This event sealed the de facto independence of Fujairah which was not, however, recognised by the British until 1952.
Prior to 2009, the fort was inhabited by a local man from Bithnah, Saed Ali Saed Al Yamahi.
References
Populated places in the Emirate of Fujairah
Villages in the United Arab Emirates
1800 establishments in Asia
Infrastructure completed in 1800
Buildings and structures completed in 1800
Buildings and structures in the Emirate of Fujairah
History of the United Arab Emirates
Archaeology of the United Arab Emirates
Weydale () is a remote scattered crofting settlement, lying 3 miles southeast of Thurso, Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Features
Despite a sparse population Weydale covers a large area of the farming land south-east of Thurso, which is mainly used for grazing of livestock. Within the area are four former flagstone quarries, which despite no longer producing the stones are now noted for the excellent preservation of the fossil fish Osteolepis.
Weydale was previously served by a small primary school, which was created more for a local gypsy settlement, who, up until the early 1900s, were banned from entering Thurso and settled in the area.
The former school and the quarries are part of a number of sites and buildings within Weydale that hold some historical significance, however a more modern bungalow, "Stoneybank", made the news when originally built as at that time its west-facing side contained Britain's largest single-pane window. The window has since been removed.
The area did make the news again in the late 1990s when the Bomb Disposal Unit undertook a controlled explosion at Bulliemore Farm, following the find of a World War II weapons and explosives store left over by the Auxiliary Unit which trained in the area.
References
Populated places in Caithness
Sergey Sergeevich Minaev (Russian: Серге́й Серге́евич Мина́ев, born January 25, 1975) is a Russian writer, radio- and TV-host, journalist and wine importer. He is known for his scandalous novels "ДухLess", "The Тёлки", "Media Sapiens".
Career
Minaev graduated the Russian State University for the Humanities at 1998. From 2008 to 2011 he worked on Radio Mayak and presented the broadcast "Танцы с волками" ("Dances With Wolves") and the show "Игры идиотов" (Games Of Idiots) on the Channel A One together with Igor Goncharov. From 2009 to 2012 he worked on the NTV channel and presented the telecast "Честный понедельник" ("Honest Monday"). From 2011 to 2013 he presented the internet show "Mинаев LIVE".
Bibliography
2006 — "Дyxless. Повесть о ненастоящем человеке" (Soulless. The Story Of The Fake Man) (in 2012 the film adaptation was released)
2007 — "Media Sapiens. Повесть о третьем сроке" (Media Sapiens. The Story Of The Third Term)
2007 — "Media Sapiens. Дневник информационного террориста" (Media Sapiens. The Diary Of The Informational Terrorist)
2008 — "Время героев" (Time Of Heroes)
2008 — "The Тёлки. Повесть о ненастоящей любви" (The Bitches. The Story Of A Fake Love)
2009 — "Р.А.Б. Антикризисный роман" (S.L.A.V.E. Anti-crisis Novel)
2010 — "Videoты, или The Тёлки. Два года спустя" (Vidiots, Or The Bitches. Two Years Later)
2011 — "Москва, я не люблю тебя" (Moscow, I Don`t Love You)
2015 — "Духless 21 века. Селфи" (Soulless of the 21st century. Selfie). In 2018 the film adaptation was released
Personal life
Minaev has been married twice and has a daughter from his first marriage and son from his second.
Minaev was banned from the social media platform, Clubhouse, on February 21, 2021 after participating in a panel discussing feminism.(source?)
References
External links
Russian male writers
1975 births
Living people
Russian State University for the Humanities alumni
21st-century Russian writers
Russian television presenters
Russian radio personalities
Male YouTubers
Russian YouTubers
Russian podcasters
Russian male YouTubers
Glyphipterix columnaris is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Guyana.
References
Moths described in 1913
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of South America
Dorcadion arietinum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1897.
Subspecies
Dorcadion arietinum arietinum Jakovlev, 1897
Dorcadion arietinum charynensis Danilevsky, 1996
Dorcadion arietinum chilikensis Danilevsky, 1996
Dorcadion arietinum ketmeniensis Danilevsky, 1996
Dorcadion arietinum lucae Pic, 1898
Dorcadion arietinum phenax Jakovlev, 1900
Dorcadion arietinum zhalanash Danilevsky, 1996
See also
Dorcadion
References
arietinum
Beetles described in 1897
Alexander Wayne Watson, Jr. (born September 24, 1969) is an American serial killer. Initially convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for the 1994 murder of a woman in Forestville, Maryland, Watson's DNA was later matched to three additional killings in Anne Arundel County committed years before. For these crimes, he pleaded guilty and received four additional life imprisonment terms.
Murders
The first murder occurred on October 8, 1986, when 34-year-old mother of two Boontem Anderson was killed in her Gambrills home. On that day, she was on sick leave from her job at Fort Meade, with her nude body being found by her fiancé's 11-year-old son in the bathtub. She had been sexually assaulted, stabbed and strangled to death. Watson, a minor at the time, lived only a couple of miles away, and was acquainted with the family via their son, with whom he worked at a fast-food restaurant.
On May 23, 1988, 37-year-old Mary Elaine Shereika was out on an early morning jog before going to work, but failed to appear at her workplace. Her fiancé reported her missing, and later in the day, a Gambrills farmer plowing his rye field found her partially clothed body. She had been raped, stabbed and finally strangled, with a bloodied sock found next to the body. Like with the Anderson case, Watson lived close to her and was acquainted with the victim. On that morning, while he was using drugs at the park, Shereika passed by him. Deciding that he could get away with murder a second time, he caught up with her, dragged her to the field and proceeded to kill Mary.
By the early 1990s, Watson married and had a child, moving with his family to the Southgate apartment complex in Glen Burnie. On January 15, 1993, 14-year-old Lisa Kathleen Haenel, a ninth-grade student at the local Old Mill High School, vanished while walking her usual path to school. The girl was reported missing by her mother and a search was initiated, with the mother's boyfriend finding Lisa's body ditched in a ravine behind the school's premises the following morning. She was almost completely nude save for a sock, with stab wounds and strangulation marks on her body. Unlike the previous victims, Haenel was not sexually assaulted, so seminal fluid could not be collected, but the killer's DNA was still obtained via an unsmoked Newport-brand cigarette found close to the body, which had traces of Lisa's blood on the burn end and saliva from the murderer at the other.
On June 13, 1994, Watson committed his last murder, killing 37-year-old office manager Debra Cobb during a robbery of her workplace in Forestville. He was arrested as a suspect not long after, as he worked in the same office plaza, pleading guilty to first-degree murder at his trial, blaming his addiction to crack cocaine for the brutal crime. Receiving a life imprisonment sentence in December 1994, he was sent to the Jessup Correctional Institution, without being connected to the other killings until over a decade later.
Exposure
Using the advancements in DNA technology, the evidence collected for the three crime scenes was entered into CODIS, and in due time, the samples linked back to Watson. In 2004, he was charged with the three killings, and at his 2007 trial, he pleaded guilty to all charges to avoid a possible death sentence. When queried about any other crimes he might have committed, Watson denied it, saying that only these were his doing. He was sentenced to four additional life imprisonment terms, to be served concurrently with his previous one, and he was moved to the North Branch Correctional Institution, where he remains incarcerated to this very day.
See also
List of serial killers in the United States
External links
Map of crime scenes
References
1969 births
20th-century American criminals
American male criminals
American murderers of children
American people convicted of murder
American people convicted of rape
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
American rapists
American serial killers
Criminals from Maryland
Living people
Male serial killers
People convicted of murder by Maryland
People from Anne Arundel County, Maryland
Prisoners and detainees of Maryland
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Maryland
The Szczecin Equality March (Polish: Szczeciński Marsz Równości) is an annual demonstration in Szczecin for the LGBT rights in Poland, as part of the equality marches in Poland. So far it has been held in 2018 and 2019.
All-Polish Youth sanitization action
In September 2019, All-Polish Youth, as part of a counterdemonstration against the Szczecin Equality March of 14 September, proposed to organize a manifestation called "We will wash off LGBT, thereby saving families". The plan was to "sanitize" the streets with cleaning supplies and dressed in protective clothing that would be distributed by the members of the group to the participants of the counterdemonstration. Dariusz Matecki, a city council member from the Law and Justice party, supported the counterdemonstration. According to Małgorzata Rudzka, a member of All-Polish Youth: "It is no coincidence that the manifestation takes place during the procession of people who publicly present their sexual deviations. Our manifestation is organized in defense of the traditional values. [It is] washing the streets of pollution associated with LGBT community vices against natural law."
The counterdemonstration plan was met with criticism from some clergy of the Catholic Church. Father Tomasz Szałanda asked "Do they also scrub computers, beds and bathrooms where they themselves sin, just like [they plan with] those pavements? A truly repulsive image." Jesuit priest Grzegorz Kramer said "No, it has nothing to do with the Gospel. No, this is not what the Church teaches. It ends this way if you're a practicing-unbeliever...", referring to the term non-practicing believers that he ironically reversed.
Father Tomasz Kancelarczyk, president of an anti-abortion organization, planned similar action and was supportive of the counterdemonstration at first, but later apologized for the support, acknowledging that the protest is a form of dehumanization, pleading to All-Polish Youth to refrain from their plans.
The Szczecin Equality March was attended by an estimated 6,000 to 8,000 people. The participants were protected from violent counter-demonstrators by police forces. In total, only 50 people participated in the counterdemonstration organized by All-Polish Youth.
References
Equality marches in Poland
Szczecin
Admiral Makarov was the second of the four armoured cruisers built for the Imperial Russian Navy during the mid-1900s. While initially assigned to the Baltic Fleet, the ship was detached to the Mediterranean several times before the start of World War I in 1914. She was modified to lay mines shortly after the war began. Admiral Makarov laid mines herself during the war and provided cover for other ships laying minefields. The ship fought several inconclusive battles with German ships during the war, including the Battle of Åland Islands in mid–1915. She also defended Moon Sound during the German invasion of the Estonian islands in late 1917. Admiral Makarov was decommissioned in 1918 and sold for scrap in 1922.
Design and description
Admiral Makarov was long overall. She had a maximum beam of , a draught of and displaced . The ship had a crew of 568 officers and men. Admiral Makarov was named in honour of Admiral Stepan Makarov.
The ship had two vertical triple-expansion steam engines with a designed total of intended to propel the cruiser at . However, during sea trials, they developed and drove the ship to a maximum speed of . Steam for the engines was provided by 26 Belleville boilers. She could carry a maximum of of coal, although her range is unknown.
Admiral Makarovs main armament consisted of two 45-calibre guns in single-gun turrets fore and aft. Her eight guns were mounted in casemates on the sides of the ship's hull. Anti-torpedo boat defense was provided by twenty 50-calibre guns; eight of these were mounted in casemates on the side of the hull and in the superstructure. The remaining guns were located above the six-inch gun casemates in pivot mounts with gun shields. Admiral Makarov also mounted four Hotchkiss guns. The ship also had two submerged torpedo tubes, one on each broadside.
The ship used Krupp armour throughout. Her waterline belt was thick over her machinery spaces. Fore and aft, it reduced to . The upper belt and the casemates were thick. The armour deck was thick; over the central battery it was a single plate, but elsewhere it consisted of a plate over two plates. The gun turrets were protected by of armour and the conning tower had sides thick.
Service
Admiral Makarov was built by Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée in La Seyne-sur-Mer, France. The ship was laid down in April 1905, and she was launched on 28 May 1906. Admiral Makarov was completed in April 1908. The ship sailed for the Baltic on 27 May and reached Tallinn, Estonia on 11 June where she was assigned to the Baltic Fleet. A few months later, she returned to the Mediterranean and provided assistance to the survivor of the Messina earthquake in December. The ship then rejoined the Baltic Fleet, but she was transferred back to Mediterranean in 1910 where she represented the Russian Empire, together with the battleship , the armored cruiser , and the protected cruiser , at the coronation of Nicholas I of Montenegro in August 1910. Admiral Makarov was back in the Baltic during 1911 and she made a port visit to Copenhagen in 1912. The following year, the ship was one of a group of cruisers that visited Brest, France, the Isle of Portland in Great Britain, and Stavanger, Norway.
When World War I began, Admiral Makarov was assigned to the First Cruiser Brigade. On 17 August, the ship, together with the armored cruiser , encountered two German light cruisers and an auxiliary minelayer near the entrance to the Gulf of Finland en route to lay a minefield at the entrance. The Russian commander refused combat because he mistakenly thought that the Germans had two additional armored cruisers with them. Shortly afterward, Admiral Makarov was modified to carry mines. She laid her first mines in early December when she was one of a group of ships that mined the northern and western entrances to the Gulf of Danzig. The following month, she provided cover as other cruisers laid minefields in the western Baltic Sea, near Bornholm and Rügen Islands on the night of 12 January 1915. On 13 February, the ship was en route to cover another minelaying sortie in the Gulf of Danzig, when Rurik ran aground in fog off Fårö Island. She was pulled off despite taking of water aboard, and Admiral Makarov escorted the damaged ship back home. Together with her sister and two protected cruisers, she fought a brief and inconclusive action with the light cruiser during the night of 6/7 May while covering a minelaying sortie off Libau.
On 2 July, the ship participated in the Battle of Åland Islands when intercepted and decoded wireless signals informed the Russians that a small German force was at sea to lay a minefield off Åland. Rear Admiral Mikhail Bakhirev was already at sea with Admiral Makarov, Bayan, Rurik, the protected cruisers Bogatyr and , and the destroyer en route to bombard Memel. Rurik and Novik got separated from the others in fog, but the rest of the force encountered the light cruiser and a number of destroyers escorting the minelayer . The Russians concentrated on Albatross, which was forced to run aground in Swedish territorial waters, while the faster Augsburg escaped to the south. The Russian cruisers were low on ammunition when they encountered two more German cruisers and broke off the action after exchanging fire.
When the German launched Operation Albion, the invasion of the Estonian islands of Saaremaa (Ösel), Hiiumaa (Dagö) and Muhu (Moon), on 11 October 1917, Admiral Makarov was in Finland, although she was assigned to the naval forces defending the Gulf of Riga. The ship arrived in Moon Sound on 14 October and engaged German destroyers attempting to enter the Sound from the west until ordered to withdraw on 19 October.
The Treaty of Brest-Litovsk required the Soviets to evacuate their base at Helsinki in March 1918 or have the ships based there interned by newly independent Finland even though the Gulf of Finland was still frozen over. Admiral Makarov was among the first group of ships that sailed on 25 March and reached Kronstadt five days later in what became known as the 'Ice Voyage'. She was paid off upon arrival and did not participate in the Russian Civil War. The ship was sold for scrap in 1922 and broken up in Stettin.
Notes
Footnotes
References
External links
World War I Naval Operations in the Baltic theater
Bayan-class cruisers
Ships built in France
1906 ships
World War I cruisers of Russia
Ce qu'a vu le vent d'ouest ("What the west wind saw") is a musical composition by French composer Claude Debussy. It is the seventh piece in the composer's first book of Préludes, written between late 1909 and early 1910. The piece is 72 measures long, taking approximately four minutes to play. It is in the key of F minor.
Background and influence
The title of the piece was inspired by "The Garden of Paradise", a fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen that was translated into French and published in 1907. Debussy was known to have an affinity towards Andersen's stories, and it has been theorized that the author's character Zephyr – the West Wind – would have "appealed" to the composer when he was writing the prelude. Furthermore, the technical aspects of this piece were influenced by the works of Franz Liszt. This is evident in Debussy's utilization of "sweeping arpeggios" at the beginning of the piece, which lead towards loud booming chords and extreme dissonance.
History
The prelude is one of three works from Book I – along with La sérénade interrompue and La cathédrale engloutie – whose date of completion is unknown. It was first published in April 1910, along with the rest of his preludes from that book. It premiered at the Stockbridge Casino in Stockbridge, Massachusetts on July 26, 1910, with Walter Morse Rummel performing the work.
Due to the challenging nature of this prelude, it is considered a virtuosic performance piece, and the first of this kind in his book of preludes.
Musical analysis
Placement within Preludes, Book I
Debussy was known for his extreme meticulousness in the placement of his preludes. Pianist and musical writer Paul Roberts asserts that this prelude, along with the prelude that precedes it and the one that follows it, forms "the central arch" of Book I's structure, since the three pieces provide the most "dramatic contrast" out of all the preludes in the first book. The sixth prelude, Des pas sur la neige (Footprints in the Snow), exudes a feeling of sadness and isolation, while the La fille aux cheveux de lin (The Girl with the Flaxen Hair)—the eighth—brings about a sense of warmth and gentleness. In stark contrast to both these preludes, Le Vent d'Ouest evokes a tumultuous nature, with Lederer describing the prelude as exhibiting "cathartic violence". By placing these three preludes in this particular order, Debussy ensured that this prelude—arguably the most technically challenging prelude of the entire collection—was situated in-between the two that are the simplest to play out of the twenty-four.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Ce qu'a vu le vent d'ouest by Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli on YouTube
1910 compositions
Preludes by Claude Debussy
Peaches is a 2004 Australian film, written by Sue Smith and directed by Craig Monahan. The music was by David Hirschfelder, cinematography by Ernie Clark A.C.S., editing by Suresh Ayyar and art direction by Paula Smith.
Plot
Steph (Emma Lung) lost her parents in a car accident while still a baby. She was raised by her parents' over-protective best friend, Jude (Jacqueline McKenzie). She receives her dead mother's locked diary on her 18th birthday, the same day she starts work at the local peach cannery, and begins dual journeys, one pushing into the mysterious past and the other pursuing romantic complications in the present. The diary "reveals the colourful and sexy past of those close to her."
Steph learns about her mother Jass (Samantha Healy), her father Johnny (Tyson Contor), and about the difficulties of love with her boss Alan Taylor (Hugo Weaving).
"Peaches is a love story that deals with accepting loss and change, and learning to move on."
The director said of the characters: "They're all just people. In fact Sue (Smith, writer) wanted more bonking in it, so that was never an issue", he adds gamely. "There're different journeys for different people; I spent a lot of time making that a reality. Men over 40 will go with Hugo's journey; I find women around 30 plus will go with Jacqui; younger people go with Emma, but young men don't go with the film at all... I've seen it in three countries [at festivals and previews] with many different audiences, and I do find there are different journeys for different people."
Cast
Hugo Weaving as Alan
Jacqueline McKenzie as Jude
Emma Lung as Steph
Matthew Le Nevez as Brian
Samantha Healy as Jass
Tyson Contor as Johnny
Catherine Lambert as Kath
Giang Le Huy as Thuy
Felicity Electricity as Sandy
Ling Yeow as Chen Poh
Caroline Mignon as MariaDuncan Hemstock as Kenny CarterEd Rosser as GrandpaPeter Michell as DaveLimited Edition Standee's of the Cast were also made available
Release
The film premiered at the Montreal World Film Festival on 30 August 2004, at the Boomerang Australian Film Festival (Hungary) on 24 September 2004, at the Hollywood Film Festival in the USA on 17 October 2004, at the 2005 Adelaide Film Festival on 26 February 2005, and at the Cannes Film Market on 11 May 2005.
Classification
The Australian Government Classification Board rated Peaches MA 15+ for its strong themes, strong sex scenes, and strong coarse language.
Critical reception
Julie Rigg at Radio National wrote that: "This is not a bad little movie ... perhaps a little well-mannered in the way it has its actors front the screen, but at least these are not ocker caricatures we're seeing here."
Margaret Pomeranz objected to the central sexual relationship of the film. "I know I sound like a Victorian aunt, but I really hated that betrayal of that relationship between Alan and Steph. I mean, it's not the older man, younger woman thing, it isn't, it's almost like he's her father and it's almost like an incestuous relationship. A film takes a step like that and it takes me where I really don't want to go. I reacted against everybody, I felt alienated from those characters at that moment."
Sandra Hall of the Sydney Morning Herald took a (slightly) different line. "Then the unlikely but predictable happens. As Steph's romance with the past intensifies, she and 42-year-old Alan have an affair. You can see it looming, yet wish you couldn't for, once it hits, the resulting subterfuges and secret meetings rip all credibility out of the storyline. From then on, it's up to the actors to keep it from falling apart - something they do by generating such goodwill that it seems mean-spirited not to stay with them."
Sarah Barnett of the Sydney Anglican Network said, "Moody and absorbing, Peaches avoids creating clichéd or overly eccentric characters opting for more believable, richly drawn men and women. Audiences should note that the film does contain explicit sex scenes. While the relationship these scenes depicts is key to the plot, the level of nudity does seem somewhat exploitative of Emma Lung. Elegantly written and filmed Peaches is compelling but not entirely satisfying as a drama. Despite strong performances, a haunting score and good production values its ending is somewhat bittersweet."
Fr Richard Leonard SJ of the Catholic Church in Australia, said that "What many Catholic viewers will not care for is the number and style of the sexual encounters between an 18 years old innocent and her 42-year-old married boss, especially when we know that Alan was for the first year or so of Steph's life Jude's partner and her surrogate father. Whatever of the theme of Steph recreating history, this worrying suggestion of incest and work place harassment highlights how dysfunctional the relationships are between the three main players."
Box officePeaches'' grossed $407,088 at the box office in Australia,.
See also
Australian films of 2004
Cinema of Australia
List of films shot in Adelaide
List of Australian films
References
External links
2004 films
Australian drama films
Films set in South Australia
Films shot in Adelaide
Films scored by David Hirschfelder
2004 drama films
2000s English-language films
South Australian Literary Societies' Union (1883–1926) was a peak or advocacy organisation of literary societies in South Australia. It organised competitions between the member societies and established a "Union Parliament" to debate issues of the day.
In 1932 a similar organisation named Literary Societies' Union of South Australia was founded.
History
A popular form of social and intellectual entertainment for young gentlemen in late nineteenth and early twentieth century Adelaide was the literary society, which at its peak numbered around fifty, some, perhaps most, attached to churches. Facilities and entertainments enjoyed by members apart from companionship of like-minded individuals, and perhaps a little networking, may have included:
Maintenance of a library. At a time when the cost of a book could equal a workman's weekly wages, a valuable resource.
Appearance of guest speakers
Readings by members of original or favourite poetry or prose pieces
Impromptu speeches on literary subjects
Debates
Tournaments
Early in 1883 several of these "self-improvement" bodies resolved to have a tournament to test their various literary skills on stage before an audience.
Preliminary contests for the "impromptu speaking" and "elocution" sections were held some weeks prior to reduce the number of contestants to a workable half-dozen.
Original poetry and essay (on the subject "Federation of the Australian Colonies") were judged weeks beforehand.
It was a condition of entry that debating partisan politics and sectarian religion was forbidden on penalty of disqualification.
Thanks to some excellent organisation and the willing participation of some very distinguished public figures, the competition, held 16 August 1883 at the Adelaide Town Hall, where fifteen societies were represented, was deemed a success, though the standard of judging was questioned, and a useful profit realised and shared between the Children's Hospital and the Home for Incurables.
Associations represented in the competition were: Adelaide Young Men's Society, North Adelaide Young Men's Society, Pirie Street Young Men's Society, Trinity Young Men's Society, St. John's Young Men's Society, Port Adelaide Young Men's Society, Norwood Social and Literary Club, St. Andrew's Young Men's Society, Caledonian Literary Society, St. Bartholomew's Young Men's Society, Hindmarsh Young Men's Society, Archer Street Young Men's Society, Unitarian Young Men's Society, Glenelg Literary Association, and the Hindmarsh Literary Association. Prominent among the instigators were W. H. Selway and T. H. Smeaton Claims by W. D. Ponder that the concept was his were refuted by George Hussey.
The Union was founded in September 1883 as a conference of 16 literary societies.
The Union's first official tournament (or competition as they were thenceforth titled) was held in the Adelaide Town Hall on 12 September 1884 and followed a similar format. Participating societies were the Kent Town Mutual Improvement Association, Adelaide Young Men's Society, Norwood Literary Society, St. Andrew's Young Men's Society, Pirie-street Literary Association, Glenelg Literary Association, Unitarian Young Men's Society, Y.M.C.A. Literary Society. Judges included Sir Henry Ayers, the Hon. R. A. Tarlton and Dr. E. C. Stirling. The poetry section was won and read by a female, Though ostensibly all-male, several of the Union's member societies admitted women as associate members.
Growth and decay
The Union comprised 18 member societies in December 1883, 34 in 1887, 35 in 1894, but only 23 in 1897.
Membership recovered somewhat by 1899, thanks largely to the efforts of secretary Best, and by 1904 there were 44, but by 1910 interest had collapsed and in 1915 consisted of only seven associated societies. By 1913 the newspapers were devoting much of their space to the likelihood of war, and from 1914 literary attainments were a long way from the minds of most young men, and the societies would have been greatly depleted by those sent overseas.
In 1920 there were only five member societies. The Union still existed in 1926, but little information is readily available.
In 1932 a similar society was formed, titled the Literary Societies' Union of South Australia. A 1937 newspaper article, after charting the rise and fall of the original Union, identifies the new Union with the original: "The continued growth of the Literary Societies' Union of South Australia, as it is now called, is proof of the societies' worth."
Yearbook
Yearbooks were published in 1884,
1885,
1886,
1887,
1888,
1889
1890,
1891
1892
1893, and 1894. There was no yearbook published in 1895 and 1896 due to costs, then resumed in 1897 when the Union's finances had recovered. Further yearbooks were published in 1898 and possibly the next year or two, but newspapers' interest had waned and were not mentioned.
The yearbook, which had started as a simple record of the Union's activities, membership and finances, had increased in size and scope year by year until it boasted around 150 pages and included full texts of contest-winning articles and members' contributions.
Then doubts arose as to the usefulness of such a publication, appearing so many months after the annual tournament. Plans were made to replace the yearbook with a monthly magazine, but that may have never eventuated.
Other activities
Members of the Union staged a selection from Henry IV, part 1 and part 2 at Garner's Rooms in August 1884.
Presidents
1883–1889 Sir William Robinson, Governor of SA
1893 Harry Dickson Gell
1894 George Frederick Hussey (and general secretary 1885–1893)
1895 Patrick McMahon Glynn MP
1897 J. Langdon Bonython, elected life member 1897
1898 J. H. Symon
1899 Charles Todd
1900 Lancelot Stirling
1901 Professor William Mitchell
1903 Frederic Chapple
1904 Eustace B. Grundy KC
1905 S. Talbot Smith
1906 Prof. George Cockburn Henderson
1906 G. Fowler Stewart
1908 Arthur William Piper
1909 Professor H. Darnley Naylor MA
1909–1911 Dr. Richard Sanders Rogers
1913–1915 Herbert Sydney Hudd
1919–1924 Philip V. Colebatch
1925 Robert Johnston
1926 Isaac Dyer
1932 John T(olson) Massey OBE
1934 A. B. Johnston
1937 George Wheeldon
Some other officeholders
Rev. W. R. Fletcher (vice president 1883– )
Dr. Allan Campbell MLC (vice-president 1885–1889)
J. R. Anderson treasurer 1885
T. Stan Oldham (gen. secretary 1902–1909)
Hermann Homburg (vice-pres 1906) son of Justice Homburg
Albert C. Finlayson was at various times vice-president, treasurer and editor of the society magazine. He was a son of Robert Kettle Finlayson
Alfred Odgers (c. 1843 – 19 July 1933) oldest surviving AEI alumnus, member of Reedbeds Cavalry, gen. sec. 1890–1893.
Rev. S. T. C. Best (gen. sec. 1896–1901), credited with reviving the Union's moribund finances.
Robert McCosh Pratt (vice-president 1900)
Reginald Guy Lillywhite (1881– ) gen. sec. 1908–1910. He was in 1931 jailed for embezzling £800 from War Widows Fund in Melbourne
Ebenezer Cheary hon. secretary 1920–1924, vice-president 1932
C. L. Ryan secretary/treasurer 1932
Francis Hack was a prominent member
G. T. Clarke hon. secretary 1937
Union Parliament
Union Parliament was an early innovation by the Literary Societies' Union, and similar to model parliaments elsewhere, but arguably the most successful in Australia. Participants in Union Parliament were all members of associated literary societies, the number of delegates from each society being proportional to its membership. Sittings were held fortnightly, originally in the Oddfellows' Hall in Franklin Street on alternate Thursdays and latterly on alternate Tuesdays at the YMCA hall, and attracted members of the public to witness the proceedings (the "Visitors' Gallery").
Certain positions in Union Parliament were elected annually by members of the Literary Societies' Union:
Premier, who then had two weeks to appoint his Ministry
Leader of the Opposition
Speaker, a critical position, requiring an intimate knowledge of parliamentary Standing Orders as well as the wit and personality needed to maintain order, as Union Parliament could become as unruly as that on North Terrace. This position was held by only three men in the history of Union Parliament.
Functionaries necessary to the operation of the Parliament (secretary, treasurer, clerk etc.)
The role of Governor (analogous to the State Governor, and whose only duties were ceremonial) was attached to whoever was the current president of the Literary Societies' Union.
The first year
The first sitting was held on 8 May 1884, and the Cabinet consisted of:
J. G. Jenkins, Chief Secretary and Premier
T. W. Fleming, Attorney-General
J. Ashton, Treasurer
H. D. Gell, Commissioner of Crown Lands
F. Johnson, Commissioner of Public Works
W. J. Sowden, Minister of Education
T. H. Smeaton, Leader of the Opposition
non-party officers were:
W. C. Calder, Speaker
G. F. Hussey, Clerk (also Secretary and Treasurer)
F. Hussey, Assistant Clerk
J. T. Fitch, T. H. Smeaton, and R. M. Steele, committee
Subjects debated in the first sitting of Union Parliament were: Federation, free and compulsory education, the Bible in schools, stamps and progressive taxation, in many cases anticipating debates in State Parliament. Ashton delivered his first Budget Speech on 10 July 1884.
This Ministry lasted only a few months; it was brought down over a Bill for revision of the tariff. The new Ministry consisted of:
Edward Kay (died 1934), Chief Secretary and Premier
Thomas Gepp (died 1916), Attorney-General
James Sadler (died 1935), Treasurer
John Tassie (died 1934), Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration
Thomas H. Smeaton, Commissioner of Public Works
William Storrie jun., Sixth Minister
Speakers
In over 40 years Union Parliament had just three Speakers:
W. C. Calder 1884–1894
G. F. Hussey 1894–1924
P. V. Colebatch 1925–
At first Union Parliament was regarded by the general public as a little presumptuous, and the object of some humour, but by virtue of the seriousness with which the members treated their hobby, this attitude receded. Members undoubtedly benefited by the experience and lessons learned, as witnessed by the number of public figures who remembered their time with the Union Parliament fondly.
Other Union Parliaments in South Australia
Some South Australian country towns established their own Union Parliaments. Saul Solomon (1836–1929), MLA for East Torrens 1887–90, was a founder of the Union Parliament in Mount Gambier in 1891.
References
1883 establishments in Australia
Organisations based in Adelaide
Culture of South Australia
Literary societies
Melipotis fasciolaris, the fasciolated melipotis or bewitching melipotis, is a species of moth in the family Erebidae. It is found from Georgia and Florida west through Texas to California, south through Central America and the Caribbean to Uruguay.
The wingspan is . Adults are sexually dimorphic, with males having a pale whitish to yellowish diagonal band in the antemedian area of the forewings, while in females the basal area of the forewings is light yellowish-brown. The rest of the forewings is dark brown in both males and females, except for a somewhat lighter subterminal area and a large pale reniform spot. The hindwings are black with a large white basal patch and white stripes along the outer margin in both the anal angle and the apical area. Adults are on wing year-round.
The larvae feed on the leaves of Prosopis species. Adults are a pollinator of fetterbush lyonia.
References
Moths described in 1831
Melipotis
NComm is one of the most popular shareware terminal programs used on the Commodore Amiga line of computers, especially for connecting to BBS systems via a modem connected to the telephone line. The program was originally written by Daniel Bloch and further development handed over to Torkel Lodberg. The last version v3.06 was released in 1996, a public key was released in 1998 to allow full usage.
The program was reviewed by André Viergever at Amiga Magazine in 1992.
See also
Zmodem - File transfer protocol
CU Amiga Magazine
References
Terminal emulators
Amiga software
Becca Hall is a country residence situated in Aberford, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England at OS grid reference Lat.53:50:35N Lon.1:22:08W. It is situated on Becca Lane within the old Gascoigne estate. The house is a Grade II listed building.
Etymology
The name of Becca Hall is first attested in 1189, in the cartulary of Nostell Priory, simply as Becca. This is thought to come from the Old English word bæce ('beck'), itself a loan-word from Old Norse bekkr (meaning the same). The beck in question is probably the Cock Beck. From 1244 into at least the eighteenth century, however, the name is usually attested in forms with a second element derived from Old English haga ('hedge, enclosure'), in spellings such as Bethaye, Bekhaw, and Bekhaghe. Thus the name in this form meant 'enclosure by the beck'. The name Beckhay Hall is first attested in 1716. The modern form Becca Hall is a reduced form of this name.
History
The house was built in 1783 for William Markham, the son of William Markham, Archbishop of York and the private secretary to Warren Hastings. It descended in the Markham family for several generations until it was sold in 1894 by Ronald Markham to Arthur Thomas Schreiber, who lived there until his death in 1902. His widow remained at the hall until her own death in 1907, when it was sold to a Bradford wool magnate Frederick James Lund, who lived there until 1922. It was then sold to Thomas Percy Fawcett, a maltster from Castleford, whose family owned the house until 1949, when it was bought by the Thompson family. In 1958 it was bought by the Central Electricity Generating Board (CEGB).
Following the privatisation of the UK electricity industry in 1989, ownership of the property passed to the National Grid Company. It was used to house the Leeds Grid Control Centre for the UK's electricity transmission network from 1958 until its operational closure in 1997. Advances in communications technology (including remote substation operation) during this period reduced the requirement for regional control centres. By the time of its operational closure in 1997, the entire electricity transmission network in England and Wales could be controlled from a single control room anywhere in the country. Later used as a control centre, it performed as one of the control centres for the Dinorwig hydroelectric storage facility in North Wales.
After being relinquished by the National Grid, the house passed through the hands of a series of would-be developers with various plans, all of which came to nothing. An application for planning permission to develop the building for use as a training centre was refused in September 2004, on the grounds that the development would be unsustainable and would affect local use of the area due to parking requirements. During this period it was however sometimes used for social functions.
In 2011 the house was placed on the market again, and this time was bought by Lara Grylls, the sister of Bear Grylls, and her husband James Fawcett, great-grandson of its previous owner in the 1920s. The couple demolished the extension that had been added by the CEGB to the back of the building (dubbed by them "the tumour"), which had included office buildings, control centres, bunkers and a tower, amounting to four times the size of the original house in all. The demolition process turned out to be self-financing, due to the value of the electrical scrap that was recovered, and even generated a small surplus, which paid for the reinstatement of period windows and chimneys.
Pollution levels
During 2000, Becca Hall was used to measure background levels of air pollution. The site's rural nature places it due west from the A1 and overdue east from the edge of the Leeds urban boundary, and so was ideal for that purpose. The only pollutant recorded was ground-level ozone, compared to levels of SO2, NO2, and PM10s at a site next to the A1.
References
External links
Local Government site declaring planning permission refused for development of the site
Appeal against refusal for planning permission
Genealogy for William Markham, former occupant of Becca Hall
Grade II listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Country houses in West Yorkshire
Statistics of Superettan in season 2006.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and Trelleborgs FF won the championship.
League table
Relegation play-offs
Sirius and Bunkeflo promoted to Superettan
Väsby United and Assyriska relegated to Division 1
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Top goalkeepers
(Minimum of 10 games played)
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Superettan seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Michel N'Gom (born Abdourhamane N'Gom; 25 June 1959 – 12 August 1984) was a professional footballer who played as a forward. Born in Senegal, he represented France at international level. He died at the age of 25 due to a traffic collision.
Early life
Abdourhamane N'Gom was born on 25 June 1959 in Dakar, Senegal. He moved to France at the age of four with his mother, leaving his father and brother behind. He spent a large portion of his childhood in the Mazargues neighbourhood of Marseille, where he did his schooling and played as a youth player for AS Mazargues.
Club career
Marseille
Having signed for the club in 1976 on a trainee contract, N'Gom made his first steps in the Division 1 with Marseille in 1977. In his debut season, he recorded 1 goal in 7 league matches. For the second season of his career, he was loaned to Division 2 side Toulon, where he gathered more experience, making 30 appearances and scoring 10 goals in all competitions. After his loan ended, he returned to Marseille, where he would play regularly for the next two seasons, scoring 25 more league goals in the process.
Paris Saint-Germain
In 1981, N'Gom signed for fellow Division 1 club Paris Saint-Germain (PSG). There, he would win the Coupe de France in the 1981–82 and 1982–83 seasons. Across three seasons at PSG, N'Gom made 90 appearances, scoring 26 goals. He notably finished as the club's top goal-scorer in both the league and in all competitions in the 1983–84 season. He signed for Auxerre in July 1984.
International career
N'Gom was an under-21 and amateur international for France. He played one match at the 1982 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
Death
N'Gom died on 12 August 1984 due to a traffic collision in the Auxerre suburb of Perrigny. He had only recently signed for the local club of Auxerre. The accident occurred at 1:45 PM on a Sunday, as N'Gom was driving on a straight road towards the entrance of Perrigny. He was driving back from Paris with a rented car, having taken advantage of several days of rest accorded by his new manager at Auxerre Guy Roux. Although the departmental road was without danger, he was surprised by a tractor that appeared in the middle of the way. A collision was inevitable, and the car hit an electricity pylon, leaving N'Gom instantly dead. The scene of the accident was only a couple of hundred meters away from his home.
Reactions
The death of N'Gom brought about a reaction of great emotion in the world of football. PSG's president at the time Francis Borelli said "it is awful, I do not know what to say. I have enormous grief. It is a tragedy and I cannot believe it, Michel was a very nice boy. To find such a horrible death at the age of 25, it is terrible." All of Paris Saint-Germain's players were saddened by the news of N'Gom's passing. In 2010, Jean-Claude Lemoult spoke about when he heard the news; "I learned about his death while we were trying to do the souvenir photo of the France team after having won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Los Angeles. It was a shock, impossible to smile for the cliché in such circumstances."
Funeral
Several days after his death, his funeral took place in Conches. Players and staff of Paris Saint-Germain were present, and three Parisian players symbolically carried N'Gom's coffin. Those players were Luis Fernandez, Dominique Rocheteau, and Boubacar Sarr. Borelli took the speaking role in honouring the memory of N'Gom.
Honours
Paris Saint-Germain
Coupe de France: 1981–82, 1982–83
References
External links
1959 births
1984 deaths
Sportspeople from Dakar
Senegalese footballers
French footballers
French sportspeople of Senegalese descent
Senegalese emigrants to France
Naturalized citizens of France
Black French sportspeople
Association football forwards
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Olympique de Marseille players
SC Toulon players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
AJ Auxerre players
France youth international footballers
France under-21 international footballers
France amateur international footballers
Road incident deaths in France
Charles Sharpe may refer to:
Charles Sharpe (cricketer) (1851–1935), English amateur first-class cricketer
Charles Sharpe (politician) (born 1938), American politician
Charles Kirkpatrick Sharpe (1781?–1851), Scottish antiquary and artist
Charles Richard Sharpe (1889–1963), English recipient of the Victoria Cross
See also
Charles Sharp (1848–1903), English cricketer
Charles Stewart Sharp, British businessman in Hong Kong in the early 1900s
Andrew Charles Russell (August 19, 1941 – May 7, 2018) was a Canadian naturalist known for his study of grizzly bears.
Biography
Russell grew up in Alberta in the Canadian Rockies as the son of hunter, guide, filmmaker, and naturalist Andy Russell. Charlie and his three brothers learned about the wilderness from their father, assisting him as adventure guides and cameramen. His brothers went to college and became biologists, while Charlie became a rancher. But he was fascinated by grizzly bears, trying to overcome their image as savage killers by making his cattle ranch open to grizzlies and leading ecotourists on bear-viewing trips (as opposed to hunting which had previously been the objective of grizzly tours). He has tried, mostly unsuccessfully, to convince wildlife officials to treat bears with respect and trust, arguing that it is people's fear of bears and aggressive actions toward them that makes them dangerous.
Russell is best known for his ten years of field work in Kamchatka, where he taught local guides how to lead bear-viewing tours. He began to buy orphaned grizzly cubs from zoos, taking them into remote areas of Kamchatka and teaching them to be wild. He has been the subject of two television documentaries: Walking with Giants: The Grizzlies of Siberia (PBS, 1999) and Bear Man of Kamchatka (BBC, 2006). He died after complications from a surgery at a hospital in Calgary, Alberta on May 7, 2018.
Bibliography
Spirit Bear: Encounters with the White Bear of the Western Rainforest
Grizzly Heart: Living Without Fear Among the Brown Bears of Kamchatka
Grizzly Seasons
Learning to Be Wild: Raising Orphan Grizzlies
References
External links
Charlie Russell's website
1941 births
2018 deaths
Canadian naturalists
Writers from Alberta
People from the Municipal District of Pincher Creek No. 9
The Tel Siran inscription is an inscription on a bronze bottle (or "situla") found at Tel Siran on the campus of the University of Jordan in Amman). It was first published on 27 April 1972. It is considered the first complete inscription in the "Ammonite language". The bronze bottle is now in the Jordan Archaeological Museum. It is known as KAI 308.
Description
The well preserved bronze bottle is about ten centimeters long and weighs about 280 grams. The clearly legible inscription is on the outside. The archaeological context suggests that the bottle was in use until the Mamluk period. The bottle is considered to have been made in the Iron Age II period, which would suggest use for 2,000 years.
The contents of the bottle were seeds of barley, wheat and grass, as well as unidentifiable metal remains. A C14 analysis found the content to be about 460 BC.
The inscription
The inscription consists of eight lines of legible text. They are attached in the direction from the opening of the bottle to its bottom. Line four protrudes into this floor, while line 5 only contains a single word. It has been translated as:
F. Zayadine and H. O. Thompson, the first editors, referred to the script as Aramaic script and dated the inscription paleographically to the first half of the 7th century BC. F. M. Cross, on the other hand, sees the inscription as the latest stage of development of the "Ammonite language" and dates it to around 600 BC for paleographic reasons.
References
Archaeological artifacts
Ancient Near East
Inscriptions
KAI inscriptions
Sithobela is a town in southern central Eswatini about 160 kilometres directly south of the capital Mbabane.
References
Populated places in Eswatini
Elections were held in the Australian state of Queensland on 28 May 1960 to elect the 78 members of the state's Legislative Assembly. The election followed the enactment of the Electoral Districts Act 1958 which increased the Assembly from 75 to 78 seats and modified the zonal system first established by Labor ahead of the 1950 election.
The major parties contesting the election were the Country Party led by Premier Frank Nicklin, the Liberal Party led by Kenneth Morris, the Labor Party led by Jack Duggan and the Queensland Labor Party led by Vince Gair. The Country and Liberal parties had formed a coalition.
The Country-Liberal coalition won a second term in office at the election, although the Labor Party recovered 5 seats and 11% of its vote from the 1957 election. Still, it was the first time since 1912 that a non-Labor government had been re-elected in Queensland.
Key dates
Results
|}
831,398 electors were enrolled to vote at the election, but two Country seats representing 17,814 enrolled voters were unopposed.
Seats changing party representation
There was an extensive redistribution across Queensland prior to this election, increasing the amount of seats from 75 to 78. The seat changes are as follows.
Abolished seats
Members listed in italics retired at this election.
New seats
Seats changing hands
Members listed in italics did not recontest their seats.
See also
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 1957–1960
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 1960–1963
Candidates of the Queensland state election, 1960
Nicklin Ministry
Notes
References
Elections in Queensland
1960 elections in Australia
1960s in Queensland
May 1960 events in Australia
Giuseppe Kirsten was a prelate of the Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Makurdi. He was appointed prefect in 1937. He died in 1947.
References
1947 deaths
Roman Catholic bishops of Makurdi
In mathematical logic, predicate functor logic (PFL) is one of several ways to express first-order logic (also known as predicate logic) by purely algebraic means, i.e., without quantified variables. PFL employs a small number of algebraic devices called predicate functors (or predicate modifiers) that operate on terms to yield terms. PFL is mostly the invention of the logician and philosopher Willard Quine.
Motivation
The source for this section, as well as for much of this entry, is Quine (1976). Quine proposed PFL as a way of algebraizing first-order logic in a manner analogous to how Boolean algebra algebraizes propositional logic. He designed PFL to have exactly the expressive power of first-order logic with identity. Hence the metamathematics of PFL are exactly those of first-order logic with no interpreted predicate letters: both logics are sound, complete, and undecidable. Most work Quine published on logic and mathematics in the last 30 years of his life touched on PFL in some way.
Quine took "functor" from the writings of his friend Rudolf Carnap, the first to employ it in philosophy and mathematical logic, and defined it as follows:
"The word functor, grammatical in import but logical in habitat... is a sign that attaches to one or more expressions of given grammatical kind(s) to produce an expression of a given grammatical kind." (Quine 1982: 129)
Ways other than PFL to algebraize first-order logic include:
Cylindric algebra by Alfred Tarski and his American students. The simplified cylindric algebra proposed in Bernays (1959) led Quine to write the paper containing the first use of the phrase "predicate functor";
The polyadic algebra of Paul Halmos. By virtue of its economical primitives and axioms, this algebra most resembles PFL;
Relation algebra algebraizes the fragment of first-order logic consisting of formulas having no atomic formula lying in the scope of more than three quantifiers. That fragment suffices, however, for Peano arithmetic and the axiomatic set theory ZFC; hence relation algebra, unlike PFL, is incompletable. Most work on relation algebra since about 1920 has been by Tarski and his American students. The power of relation algebra did not become manifest until the monograph Tarski and Givant (1987), published after the three important papers bearing on PFL, namely Bacon (1985), Kuhn (1983), and Quine (1976);
Combinatory logic builds on combinators, higher order functions whose domain is another combinator or function, and whose range is yet another combinator. Hence combinatory logic goes beyond first-order logic by having the expressive power of set theory, which makes combinatory logic vulnerable to paradoxes. A predicate functor, on the other hand, simply maps predicates (also called terms) into predicates.
PFL is arguably the simplest of these formalisms, yet also the one about which the least has been written.
Quine had a lifelong fascination with combinatory logic, attested to by his introduction to the translation in Van Heijenoort (1967) of the paper by the Russian logician Moses Schönfinkel founding combinatory logic. When Quine began working on PFL in earnest, in 1959, combinatory logic was commonly deemed a failure for the following reasons:
Until Dana Scott began writing on the model theory of combinatory logic in the late 1960s, almost only Haskell Curry, his students, and Robert Feys in Belgium worked on that logic;
Satisfactory axiomatic formulations of combinatory logic were slow in coming. In the 1930s, some formulations of combinatory logic were found to be inconsistent. Curry also discovered the Curry paradox, peculiar to combinatory logic;
The lambda calculus, with the same expressive power as combinatory logic, was seen as a superior formalism.
Kuhn's formalization
The PFL syntax, primitives, and axioms described in this section are largely Steven Kuhn's (1983). The semantics of the functors are Quine's (1982). The rest of this entry incorporates some terminology from Bacon (1985).
Syntax
An atomic term is an upper case Latin letter, I and S excepted, followed by a numerical superscript called its degree, or by concatenated lower case variables, collectively known as an argument list. The degree of a term conveys the same information as the number of variables following a predicate letter. An atomic term of degree 0 denotes a Boolean variable or a truth value. The degree of I is invariably 2 and so is not indicated.
The "combinatory" (the word is Quine's) predicate functors, all monadic and peculiar to PFL, are Inv, inv, ∃, +, and p. A term is either an atomic term, or constructed by the following recursive rule. If τ is a term, then Invτ, invτ, ∃τ, +τ, and pτ are terms. A functor with a superscript n, n a natural number > 1, denotes n consecutive applications (iterations) of that functor.
A formula is either a term or defined by the recursive rule: if α and β are formulas, then αβ and ~(α) are likewise formulas. Hence "~" is another monadic functor, and concatenation is the sole dyadic predicate functor. Quine called these functors "alethic." The natural interpretation of "~" is negation; that of concatenation is any connective that, when combined with negation, forms a functionally complete set of connectives. Quine's preferred functionally complete set was conjunction and negation. Thus concatenated terms are taken as conjoined. The notation + is Bacon's (1985); all other notation is Quine's (1976; 1982). The alethic part of PFL is identical to the Boolean term schemata of Quine (1982).
As is well known, the two alethic functors could be replaced by a single dyadic functor with the following syntax and semantics: if α and β are formulas, then (αβ) is a formula whose semantics are "not (α and/or β)" (see NAND and NOR).
Axioms and semantics
Quine set out neither axiomatization nor proof procedure for PFL. The following axiomatization of PFL, one of two proposed in Kuhn (1983), is concise and easy to describe, but makes extensive use of free variables and so does not do full justice to the spirit of PFL. Kuhn gives another axiomatization dispensing with free variables, but that is harder to describe and that makes extensive use of defined functors. Kuhn proved both of his PFL axiomatizations sound and complete.
This section is built around the primitive predicate functors and a few defined ones. The alethic functors can be axiomatized by any set of axioms for sentential logic whose primitives are negation and one of ∧ or ∨. Equivalently, all tautologies of sentential logic can be taken as axioms.
Quine's (1982) semantics for each predicate functor are stated below in terms of abstraction (set builder notation), followed by either the relevant axiom from Kuhn (1983), or a definition from Quine (1976). The notation denotes the set of n-tuples satisfying the atomic formula
Identity, , is defined as:
Identity is reflexive (), symmetric (), transitive (), and obeys the substitution property:
Padding, +, adds a variable to the left of any argument list.
Cropping, ∃, erases the leftmost variable in any argument list.
Cropping enables two useful defined functors:
Reflection, S:
S generalizes the notion of reflexivity to all terms of any finite degree greater than 2. N.B: S should not be confused with the primitive combinator S of combinatory logic.
Cartesian product, ;
Here only, Quine adopted an infix notation, because this infix notation for Cartesian product is very well established in mathematics. Cartesian product allows restating conjunction as follows:
Reorder the concatenated argument list so as to shift a pair of duplicate variables to the far left, then invoke S to eliminate the duplication. Repeating this as many times as required results in an argument list of length max(m,n).
The next three functors enable reordering argument lists at will.
Major inversion, Inv, rotates the variables in an argument list to the right, so that the last variable becomes the first.
Minor inversion, inv, swaps the first two variables in an argument list.
Permutation, p, rotates the second through last variables in an argument list to the left, so that the second variable becomes the last.
Given an argument list consisting of n variables, p implicitly treats the last n−1 variables like a bicycle chain, with each variable constituting a link in the chain. One application of p advances the chain by one link. k consecutive applications of p to Fn moves the k+1 variable to the second argument position in F.
When n=2, Inv and inv merely interchange x1 and x2. When n=1, they have no effect. Hence p has no effect when n < 3.
Kuhn (1983) takes Major inversion and Minor inversion as primitive. The notation p in Kuhn corresponds to inv; he has no analog to Permutation and hence has no axioms for it. If, following Quine (1976), p is taken as primitive, Inv and inv can be defined as nontrivial combinations of +, ∃, and iterated p.
The following table summarizes how the functors affect the degrees of their arguments.
Rules
All instances of a predicate letter may be replaced by another predicate letter of the same degree, without affecting validity. The rules are:
Modus ponens;
Let α and β be PFL formulas in which does not appear. Then if is a PFL theorem, then is likewise a PFL theorem.
Some useful results
Instead of axiomatizing PFL, Quine (1976) proposed the following conjectures as candidate axioms.
n−1 consecutive iterations of p restores the status quo ante:
+ and ∃ annihilate each other:
Negation distributes over +, ∃, and p:
+ and p distributes over conjunction:
Identity has the interesting implication:
Quine also conjectured the rule: If is a PFL theorem, then so are , and .
Bacon's work
Bacon (1985) takes the conditional, negation, Identity, Padding, and Major and Minor inversion as primitive, and Cropping as defined. Employing terminology and notation differing somewhat from the above, Bacon (1985) sets out two formulations of PFL:
A natural deduction formulation in the style of Frederick Fitch. Bacon proves this formulation sound and complete in full detail.
An axiomatic formulation, which Bacon asserts, but does not prove, equivalent to the preceding one. Some of these axioms are simply Quine conjectures restated in Bacon's notation.
Bacon also:
Discusses the relation of PFL to the term logic of Sommers (1982), and argues that recasting PFL using a syntax proposed in Lockwood's appendix to Sommers, should make PFL easier to "read, use, and teach";
Touches on the group theoretic structure of Inv and inv;
Mentions that sentential logic, monadic predicate logic, the modal logic S5, and the Boolean logic of (un)permuted relations, are all fragments of PFL.
From first-order logic to PFL
The following algorithm is adapted from Quine (1976: 300-2). Given a closed formula of first-order logic, first do the following:
Attach a numerical subscript to every predicate letter, stating its degree;
Translate all universal quantifiers into existential quantifiers and negation;
Restate all atomic formulas of the form x=y as Ixy.
Now apply the following algorithm to the preceding result:
The reverse translation, from PFL to first-order logic, is discussed in Quine (1976: 302-4).
The canonical foundation of mathematics is axiomatic set theory, with a background logic consisting of first-order logic with identity, with a universe of discourse consisting entirely of sets. There is a single predicate letter of degree 2, interpreted as set membership. The PFL translation of the canonical axiomatic set theory ZFC is not difficult, as no ZFC axiom requires more than 6 quantified variables.
See also
Algebraic logic
Footnotes
References
Bacon, John, 1985, "The completeness of a predicate-functor logic," Journal of Symbolic Logic 50: 903–26.
Paul Bernays, 1959, "Uber eine naturliche Erweiterung des Relationenkalkuls" in Heyting, A., ed., Constructivity in Mathematics. North Holland: 1–14.
Kuhn, Steven T., 1983, "An Axiomatization of Predicate Functor Logic," Notre Dame Journal of Formal Logic 24: 233–41.
Willard Quine, 1976, "Algebraic Logic and Predicate Functors" in Ways of Paradox and Other Essays, enlarged ed. Harvard Univ. Press: 283–307.
Willard Quine, 1982. Methods of Logic, 4th ed. Harvard Univ. Press. Chpt. 45.
Sommers, Fred, 1982. The Logic of Natural Language. Oxford Univ. Press.
Alfred Tarski and Givant, Steven, 1987. A Formalization of Set Theory Without Variables. AMS.
Jean Van Heijenoort, 1967. From Frege to Gödel: A Source Book on Mathematical Logic. Harvard Univ. Press.
External links
An introduction to predicate-functor logic (one-click download, PS file) by Mats Dahllöf (Department of Linguistics, Uppsala University)
Algebraic logic
Mathematical axioms
Predicate logic
Lenard is the former name of a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater forms some of the wall of the crater Hermite, and is located North of the craters Lovelace and Froelich. Lenard was named after German physicist Philipp Lenard by the IAU, formally adopted as such in 2008.
In 2020, upon learning of Lenard's support for the Nazi Party, Charles Wood, the chair of the Task Group for Lunar Nomenclature at the IAU, recommended to the IAU that the name "Lenard" be replaced. The name was dropped on August 12, 2020. Since then, this crater is officially unnamed.
See also
Stark (crater), another lunar crater whose name was dropped in 2020 due to Nazi connections.
References
External links
LAC-1 area - Map of northern lunar pole
Bythopsyrna is a genus of Asian planthoppers belonging to the family Flatidae.
Species
FLOW includes:
Bythopsyrna circulata (Guérin-Méneville, 1844) - type species
Bythopsyrna copulanda (Distant, 1892)
Bythopsyrna ebonfana Medler, 1999
Bythopsyrna intermedia Schmidt, 1913
Bythopsyrna raapi Schmidt, 1912
Bythopsyrna sumatrana Schmidt, 1904
Bythopsyrna tineoides (Olivier, 1791)
Bythopsyrna trichrousa Peng, Zhang & Wang, 2010
Bythopsyrna violacea Schmidt, 1904
References
Flatidae
Auchenorrhyncha genera
Maclyn Arbuckle (July 9, 1866 – March 31, 1931) was an American screen and stage actor. He was the brother of actor Andrew Arbuckle and cousin of comedian Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle.
Early life
Arbuckle was born in San Antonio, Texas, on July 9, 1866. The son of Mr. and Mrs. James Arbuckle, he was educated in Glasgow before studying law in Boston. When he was 21, he was admitted to the bar, but he stopped practicing law after a year and became an actor. The change of careers came after Arbuckle lost an election for justice of the peace. In a journal entry dated December 1888, he wrote why he hoped to not practice law much longer: "The profession is overcrowded and clients can dictate fees. I have set my heart on other fields where I can get something for my labor, and as soon as an opportunity offers I will go on the stage, where I can have the same chance at the 'greenbacks' and silver of this country."
Career
Arburckle debuted on stage in Shreveport, Louisiana, on December 25, 1888. For four years, he acted in a company headed by R. D. McLean. His first Broadway play, Why Smith Left Home, was in 1899. Some of his many Broadway successes were The County Chairman (1903) (which he made as a silent film in 1914), The Round Up (1907) with Julia Dean (and which Roscoe Arbuckle made as a silent in 1920) and revivals of older plays like The Rivals and She Stoops To Conquer. He entered silent films with Adolph Zukor's Famous Players Film Company in 1914 as an established Broadway star.
In May 1919, Arbuckle started the San Antonio Moving Pictures Corporation in San Antonio. A group of Dallas businessmen provided financial backing. The company produced four films, Mr. Bingle (1922), Mr. Potter of Texas (1922), Welcome to Our City (1922) and Squire Phin (1922) before folding in 1922.
In the 1920s Arbuckle appeared often with Marion Davies in lavish costume motion picture productions financed by William Randolph Hearst. Arbuckle is remembered for the line "Nobody loves a fat man," when he played the character Sheriff "Slim" Hoover in the play The Roundup. His cousin Roscoe played the role in the subsequent film version.
Personal life
Arbuckle married Elizabeth Carlisle on June 29, 1903 in Newton, Massachusetts. She was an actress, who, after her marriage, was billed as Mrs. Macklyn Arbuckle. The couple had no children.
Death
Arbuckle died of heart disease on March 31, 1931, at his home in Waddington, New York, aged 64.
Filmography
The County Chairman (1914) - The Honorable Jim Hackler
It's No Laughing Matter (1915) - Hi Judd
The Reform Candidate (1915) - Art Hoke
National Red Cross Pageant (1917) - Baron Fitz-Walter - English episode
Fighting Mad (1919)
Squire Phin (1922) - Phineas Look, 'Squire Phin'
Welcome to Our City (1922) - Jim Scott
The Prodigal Judge (1922) - Judge Slocum Price
Mr. Potter of Texas (1922) - Mr. Potter of Texas
The Young Diana (1922) - James P. May
Mr. Bingle (1922)
Broadway Broke (1923) - P.T. Barnum
Yolanda (1924) - Bishop La Balue
Janice Meredith (1924) - Squire Meredith
The Thoroughbred (1925) - Peter Bemis
That Old Gang of Mine (1925) - Sen. Jim Walton
The Lure of the Track (1925)
The Gilded Highway (1926) - Jonathan Welby
Notes
References
External links
1866 births
1931 deaths
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
American people of Scottish descent
Male actors from San Antonio
People from Waddington, New York
19th-century American male actors
American male stage actors
20th-century American male actors
The Nieregiș is a right tributary of the river Bega in Romania. It flows into the Bega near Cutina. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Timiș County
Rakovica is a Serbo-Croatian place name, meaning "crab". It may refer to:
Rakovica, Belgrade, an urban neighborhood and a municipality of Belgrade, Serbia
Rakovica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, a village near Ilidža, Bosnia
Rakovica, Croatia, near Plitvice, Croatia
Rakovica, Kranj in Slovenia
Rakovica, the Hungarian name for Racovița, Sibiu, a commune in Sibiu County, Romania
Rakovica, the Hungarian name for Racovița, Timiș, a commune in Timiș County, Romania
Rakovica (Čajetina), village in the municipality of Čajetina, western Serbia
Rakovica (Kozarska Dubica), village in the municipality of Bosanska Dubica, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mala Rakovica, settlement in the Samobor territory of Zagreb County, Croatia
Selo Rakovica, an urban neighborhood of Belgrade in the municipality of Voždovac
Velika Rakovica, settlement in the Samobor territory of Zagreb County, Croatia
See also
Rakovitsa (disambiguation)
Rakovec (disambiguation)
Serbo-Croatian place names
The men's 69 kilograms event at the 1998 Asian Games took place on 9 December 1998 at Thunder Dome, Maung Thong Thani Sports Complex.
Results
Legend
NM — No mark
References
Results
External links
Weightlifting Database
Weightlifting at the 1998 Asian Games
The Antillean piculet (Nesoctites micromegas) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae. It is monotypic within the genus Nesoctites. The species is evolutionarily distinct from the other piculets and is afforded its own subfamily Nesoctitinae. It is endemic to the Caribbean island of Hispaniola (split between the Dominican Republic and Haiti). A fossil feather in amber attributed to the genus has been found in the Dominican Republic, showing that the ancestors of the species have been isolated on Hispaniola for at least 25 million years.
Habitat
The Antillean piculet occupies a number of different habitats within Hispaniola, including humid and dry Pinus occidentalis and broadleaf forests, as well as semi-arid scrubland and thorn-forest. It will also occupy stands of mangrove forest and occasionally orchards and plantations. It occurs from sea level to 1800 m, although in pine forests it is more common below 300 m, where it prefers dense undergrowth.
Description
The species is a small woodpecker, although it is twice as large as any of the other piculets, measuring around 14–16 cm and weighing around 30 g. The male has a yellow crown with a red spot in the centre. The plumage of the back, neck and wings is olive green, and the breast, throat and belly is off-white with streaks and spots. The female is similar to the male, except larger and lacking the red spot on the forecrown. The plumage of juvenile birds is similar to the adults but duller. Unlike the true woodpeckers (Picinae), they do not drum on trees to advertise their ownership of a territory, instead calling in a loud and rapid whistle. This call, rendered as "kuk-kikikikekukuk", is also used as a contact call between pairs.
Diet and behavior
The Antillean piculet feeds on insects, with ants and beetles forming a large part of the diet. They also consume a lot of fruit compared to other piculets. Individuals and pairs forage rapidly through the understory of their habitat, mostly on small branches, twigs, vines and stalks, and less commonly on trunks. Food is mostly obtained by gleaning, with a few weak pecks (but no hammering as found in the true woodpeckers). The breeding season of the Antillean piculet is March to July. A cavity is excavated in a stump, tree, palm or fence post in which two to four eggs are laid. The pair is highly territorial and will aggressively call and display towards intruders.
References
Picidae
Birds of Hispaniola
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to the West Indies
Endemic birds of Hispaniola
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Birds of Haiti
Birds described in 1866
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Woodpeckers
Tabat was chieftain of the Jarawa, a Berber of the Aures Mountains during the mid-7th century. He was the father of the Berber queen and warlord Dihya.
References
7th-century Berber people
Berber rulers
The Voice of the Silk Road (, ; ) is a reality talent show based in Xinjiang, China and broadcast in the Uyghur language. The television show airs regularly on Xinjiang Television Channel 9. The show is recorded at the Xinjiang Arts Institute Concert Hall.
The show premiered on 31 October 2014 as the first Uyghur televised singing competition of its kind and received positive reviews from the start.
Format
The television program is primarily conducted in Uyghur with Mandarin Chinese subtitles; occasionally, particularly when there are non-Uyghur, Mandarin-speaking contestants, participants and/or judges may converse in Mandarin, with Uyghur subtitles provided. Songs are typically sung in Uyghur, sometimes in Mandarin Chinese and occasionally in English. Contestants are typically, but not always, aspiring singers from Xinjiang or surrounding areas, including residents of other parts of China as well as Central Asia.
The format is similar to that of other television shows in The Voice franchise. The series consists of three phases: a blind audition, a battle phase and live performance shows. Prior to the start of the show there is a pre-screening process, to determine who may enter the competition; successful contestants may enter the blind audition phase of the competition. Only a select few contestants advance to the blind audition phase which is broadcast live on television.
At the start of the series four judges choose teams of contestants through a live blind audition process; these teams will be coached by their selected judge during the competition. Contestants come forward to sing a selected song on stage with the judges' backs turned. A judge who likes the contestant's performance and would like to mentor that performer may then press a button attached to his/her seat to indicate that the judge has accepted the performer for his/her team. Each judge has the length of the auditioner's performance to decide if he/she will accept that singer on his/her team.
After the live blind audition, all judges turn around their chairs, the singer introduces himself/herself and then the judges may elect to provide feedback or ask further questions. Judges cannot retroactively select a performer after the live blind audition has finished. It is possible that no judges may accept a performer, in which case that performer may automatically be eliminated from the competition. If only one judge accepts the performer, that singer is automatically on his/her team. If two or more judges accept the same singer, as happens frequently, the singer has the final choice of coach; during this time the accepting judges may also attempt to convince the performer to choose his/her team. Finally, the performer chooses his/her coach among the accepting judges and joins that team.
The singer then competes with other singers in the battle phase, in which singers from the same team compete head to head while singing the same song and the best singers are selected to continue. The performances are no longer blind; judges will see both singers on stage simultaneously and compare their performance. Judges then evaluate the performers and provide feedback, selecting the stronger performers to remain on the team and continue with the competition. Following that is the live performance shows phase. Contestants are gradually eliminated until one winner remains.
Judges
The judges for the seasons before 4th season are:
Erkin Abdulla (2014–present), known for pop music, world music, fusion and flamenco guitar
Abdulla Abdurehim (2014–present), known for acting and pop music
Mahmut Sulayman (2014–present), known for pop music and rock music
Nurnisa Abbas (2014–present), known for opera singing
Sanubar Tursun (2016–2018), known for classical songs
Season four judges
Abdulla Abdurehim, special judge
Mominjan Ablikim-Alnuri Group, (season four, 2020)
Mewlan Memtimin-Tartuq Group, (season four, 2020)
Tashmuhemmet Batur-Aylinaz Group, (season four, 2020)
Aygul Ghulam-Qaydu Group, (season four, 2020)
References
See also
The Voice worldwide franchise of reality singing competitions
The Voice of Holland, the original show on which subsequent The Voice shows are based
The Voice of China, a sister show in Mandarin Chinese language featuring aspiring singers from across mainland China
Chinese reality television series
Chinese music television series
Uyghur-language television shows
2010s Chinese television series
Xinjiang Television original programming
Camden Airport may refer to:
Camden Airport (New South Wales), an airport located in Camden, New South Wales, Australia
Camden Airstrip, an airfield in Couva, Trinidad and Tobago
Camden Central Airport, a defunct airport located in Camden, New Jersey, United States
Camden County Airport, an airport near Berlin, New Jersey. United States
Camden Municipal Airport, an airport located in Camden, Alabama, United States
The Territorial Approach to Climate Change (TACC) works with local level governments (states, provinces, cities, municipalities) in developing countries and countries in transition to increase resilience to climate change impact and reduce their carbon footprint. The TACC is a partnership of five agencies that includes UNEP, UNDP, UNITAR, UN-Habitat and UNCDF.
TACC as a global action came into existence after the Saint Malo Declaration. Sub-national authorities recognised that urgent and collective action was needed to respond appropriately to climate change.
The United Nations recognised that most investments to reduce Greenhouse gas emissions and adapt to climate change take place at the sub-national and local levels. Developing the capacity of sub-national governments in low income countries to create conditions that reduce the perceived investments risks and access new sources of environmental finance was seen as key to addressing climate change.
Phase 1 of the programme - Awareness raising and training - was led by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).
Phase 2 - Analysis, assessment and action plan - was led by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Phase 3 - Projects - was also led by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Initial projects under TACC were conducted in:
Uganda
Uruguay (the pilot project)
Albania
Algeria
Colombia
Ethiopia
Peru
Senegal
References
International climate change organizations
Kosmos 275 ( meaning Cosmos 275), also known as DS-P1-I No.5 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1969 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 16:00:08 UTC on 28 March 1969.
Kosmos 275 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 71 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.2 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 7 February 1970.
Kosmos 275 was the fifth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
See also
1969 in spaceflight
References
Spacecraft launched in 1969
Kosmos 0275
1969 in the Soviet Union
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
This is a list of the Austrian Singles Chart number-one hits of 2002.
See also
2002 in music
References
2002 in Austria
Austria
2002
Loyalakpa (), also spelt as Loyarakpa (), is a God in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). He is best known for wrestling () with Khoriphaba during the Lai Haraoba festival. He is the consort of goddess Thoudu Nungthel Leima. He is one of the ten kingly gods (or ten divine kings) in Meitei religion.
Description
Among the deities, God Loyalakpa and God Khoriphaba possess the epithets of being the best wrestlers. The two powerful gods wrestled during the Lai Haraoba festival.
Mythology
When the divine polo match was played among the gods, Loyalakpa participated in the southern team. His team was led by God Thangjing while his opponent's team (northern team) was led by God Marjing.
Cults and shrines
The main deities assembled in the Lai Haraoba of the Phayeng are almost similar to those of the Sekmai. God Loyalakpa is one of these deities.
God Loyalakpa and other deities including Panam Ningthou, Pureiromba and Koubru hold the special position of the Chakpa Haraoba (one of the 4 types of Lai Haraoba festival).
Namesakes
Mountain peak
Loyalakpa is one of the four sacred mountain peaks of the Meitei people. The others are Koubru, Kounu and Thangjing. These names of the peaks are named after the respective presiding gods.
Related pages
Koupalu (Koubru) - north west protector
Marjing - north east protector
Thangjing - south west protector
Wangbren - south east protector
References
External links
Abundance deities
Abundance gods
Earth deities
Earth gods
Fortune deities
Fortune gods
Guardians of the directions
Kings in Meitei mythology
Love and lust deities
Love and lust gods
Magic deities
Magic gods
Maintenance deities
Maintenance gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Mountain deities
Mountain gods
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature deities
Nature gods
Ningthou
Peace deities
Peace gods
Rain deities
Sky and weather deities
Sky and weather gods
Sports deities
Sports gods
Time and fate deities
Time and fate gods
Wind deities
Wind gods
Ulavi is a village in the Uttara Kannada district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Ulavi is a village about from Karwar (via Kumbarawada) in Karnataka state, India.
Ulavi is an important center of pilgrimage for people of the Lingayat faith. The temple has been served by the trust of Kittur family for more than 200 years. The Samadhi of Channabasavanna, one of the most revered saints of the Lingayat faith, lies here. In the 12th century, Channabasavanna traveled from Kalyana to Ulavi before he died. Very close to this holy Samadhi is the Akka Nagalambike cave named after Nagalambike, Channabasavanna's mother and Basavanna's sister. The Ulavi jathre or congregations attracts pilgrims from all over Karnataka.
Ulavi is located at western ghatts. Thick forests here hold tiger, cheeta, elephant, sarang, cobra, and other wildlife.
The closest settlements are Dandeli, Dharwad, Hubli. Three buses daily serve the village via Dharwad from Hubli, Chitradurga, Haveri and Belgum.
Other local areas of interest include Sintheri Rock, Kali River, Anashi Reserve Forest, and Supa Dam.
Ulavi Temple Trust phone no# 9148750801 & 9108550806.
See also
Karwar
Mangalore
References
Lingayatism
Villages in Uttara Kannada district
Hindu temples in Uttara Kannada district
Agrococcus carbonis is a Gram-positive, non-spore-forming and non-motile bacterium from the genus Agrococcus which has been isolated from soil from a coal mine.
References
Microbacteriaceae
Bacteria described in 2011
A Little Bit of Wisdom is a British television series which aired from 1974 to 1976. A comedy show, it was produced by Associated Television and starred Norman Wisdom. All 20 episodes are missing, and are believed to be lost.
Cast
Norman Wisdom as Norman
Neil McCarthy as Alec Potter
Frances White as Linda Clark
Robert Keegan as Albert Clark
References
External links
1974 British television series debuts
1976 British television series endings
Lost television shows
English-language television shows
1970s British comedy television series
Television shows produced by Associated Television (ATV)
Gyllene Tider (; "Golden Times") was a Swedish pop group fronted by Roxette singer, guitarist and songwriter Per Gessle. They were one of the best-selling Swedish bands ever and have had numerous hits in Scandinavia, starting with the break-through song "Flickorna på TV2" in 1980. The band earned legendary status in Sweden based on their power pop, catchy choruses and lyrics about life in a small town.
History
In 1977, Per Gessle met Mats Persson, a member of the band Audiovisuellt Angrepp, forming the duo "Grape Rock". Later Micke Syd Andersson, Anders Herrlin and Göran Fritzon joined and the quintet was born. The group's name was changed to "Gyllene Tider", alluding to Mott the Hoople's song "The Golden Age of Rock 'n' Roll". In 1980, the LP Gyllene Tider was released, becoming a huge success in Sweden. "Flickorna på TV2" ("The girls on TV2") was the album's biggest hit.
The second album, released in 1981 under the name Moderna Tider (Modern Times), also enjoyed huge success, and was followed by a record-breaking national tour. The following year Puls (Pulse) was released, including the hits "Sommartider" ("Summer times") and "Flickan i en Cole-Porter-sång" ("The girl in a Cole Porter song"). In March 1985 Gyllene Tider officially broke up after releasing their only album in English; "The Heartland Cafe'". Per Gessle continued with a solo-career and formed Roxette with Marie Fredriksson in 1986.
After the break-up several platinum-selling compilation albums were released and a number of live reunions have taken place, starting with the immensely popular Återtåget tour in 1996. In 2004, the band celebrated its twenty-fifth anniversary with the first new album in over 20 years and a huge summer tour in July and August. The tour, called GT25, was a massive success, being the biggest tour in Scandinavia ever and the second largest of all time in the whole of Europe, gathering well over half a million people all over Sweden. When they performed at Ullevi stadium in Gothenburg on 7 August 2004 during the GT25, 58,984 fans watched the concert live, breaking the record set by Bruce Springsteen, and the performance was later broadcast on TV4.
Gyllene Tider reunited again on 14 August 2010 as a surprise encore during Roxette's concert in Halmstad, both bands' hometown. They performed a three-song set, featuring the songs "Juni, Juli, Augusti", "Sommartider", and "När alla vännerna gått hem", with Marie Fredriksson and the rest of the Roxette band joining them on stage for the last number. In January 2013, the group announced a new album and summer tour in Sweden, both called "Dags att tänka på refrängen". The album was released on 24 April 2013; the 19-show sell-out tour started on 5 July 2013 in Halmstad and ended on 10 August in Halmstad.
In January 2019, Gyllene Tider announced a farewell tour to celebrate 40 years which took place in Sweden and Norway in the summer of 2019. The tour started on 4 July in Halmstad, Sweden, and ended there on 10 August as well.
Their final album Samma skrot och korn was released on 14 June 2019.
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Others
Modern Times (1982) - Never released
Heartland (special US release, containing 6 tracks from The Heartland Café. (Release credited to Roxette)
Live albums
Compilation albums
EPs
1978 Gyllene Tider (EP) (aka "Billy" and "the yellow EP")
1981 Swing&Sweet (Bonus-EP) included with the first copies of the album Moderna Tider with four cover versions of international hits: Gyllene tider för rock 'n' roll (Golden Age of Rock'n'Roll - Mott the Hoople), Vill ha ett svar (I Need to Know - Tom Petty), Och jorden den är rund (And Your Bird Can Sing - The Beatles) and Ge mig inte det där (Girl Don't Tell Me - The Beach Boys).
DVD and VHS
1997 Återtåget (documentary from TV4, live and interviews )
2004 Karaoke Hits!
2004 Parkliv! <small>(concert/documentary from 1981 filmed by Lasse Hallström, released on DVD 2004)</small>
2004 GT25 Live! (live at Ullevi 2004)
2013 Live sommaren 2013
2019 GT40 Live Ullevi'' (live at Ullevi 2019) (Also on BD).
Singles
Notes
References
External links
Gyllene Tider(Official)
Gyllene Tider.com - Elektroniska Tider (With full discography and info)
Musical groups established in 1977
Musical groups disestablished in 1985
Per Gessle
Swedish pop music groups
1977 establishments in Sweden
1985 disestablishments in Sweden
Culture in Halmstad
Western Sahara is a territory in Northern Africa, bordered by the North Atlantic Ocean, Morocco proper, Algeria (Tindouf region), and Mauritania. Geographic coordinates:
Size
Total: , about the size of Colorado
land:
water:
Coastline:
Land boundaries: – Algeria: , Mauritania: , Morocco:
Saguia el-Hamra is the northern third with the city El Aaiún.
Río de Oro is the southern two-thirds (south of Cape Bojador), with the city Dakhla.
The peninsula in the extreme southwest, with the city of Lagouira, is called Ras Nouadhibou, Cabo Blanco, or Cap Blanc. The eastern side is part of Mauritania.
Maritime claims: contingent upon resolution of sovereignty issue
Land
Terrain
The terrain is mostly low, flat desert with large areas of rocky or sandy surfaces rising to small mountains in south and northeast.
Elevation extremes:
Lowest point: Sebjet Tah, , a depression in the northwest part of Western Sahara straddling the Morocco border
Highest point: Unnamed elevation, , east of Awsard (Aousserd)
Natural resources
Phosphates, iron ore, and fishing resources on the Atlantic Ocean coast
Land use
Arable land: 0.02%
Permanent crops: 0%
Other: 99.98% (2005)
Irrigated land: N/A
Natural hazards
Hot, dry, dust/sand-laden sirocco wind can occur during winter and spring; widespread harmattan haze exists 60% of time, often severely restricting visibility. Flash flooding occurs during spring months.
Environment
Climate
Western Sahara has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh). Annual average rainfall is below everywhere. Along the Atlantic coast, averages high and low temperatures are constant and very moderated throughout the year because cool offshore ocean currents considerably cool off the climate, especially during the day. However, summertime is long and extremely hot and wintertime is short and very warm to truly hot further in the interior, where cooling marine influences aren't felt anymore. Average high temperatures exceed in summer during a prolonged period of time but can reach as high as or even more in places such as Smara, Tichla, Bir Gandus, Bir Anzarane, Aghouinite, Aousserd and others. Average high temperatures exceed in winter but average low temperatures can drop to in some places. The sky is usually clear and bright throughout the year and sunny weather is the norm.
Current issues
Sparse water and lack of arable land.
Extreme points
This is a list of the extreme points of Western Sahara, the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location.
Northernmost points – the border with Morocco*
Easternmost points – the northern section of the border with Mauritania/Algeria**
Southernmost point – the southern tip of Ras Nouadhibou (Cabo Blanco/Cap Blanc)
Westernmost point – Cape Dubouchage on Ras Nouadhibou
Note: Western Sahara does not have a northernmost point, the border being formed by a circle of latitude
Note: Western Sahara does not have an easternmost point, the border being formed by a meridian
References
Sultan Al-Ghannam (; born 6 May 1994) is a Saudi Arabian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Saudi Pro League club Al-Nassr and the Saudi national team.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Al-Nassr
Saudi Professional League: 2018–19
Saudi Super Cup: 2019, 2020
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
People from Riyadh Province
Saudi Arabian footballers
Association football defenders
Al-Zulfi FC players
Al-Faisaly FC players
Al Nassr FC players
Saudi Fourth Division players
Saudi Second Division players
Saudi Professional League players
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Saudi Arabia international footballers
Ullubiyaul (, Ullu Boynaq; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 3,666 as of 2010. There are 39 streets.
Geography
Ullubiyaul is located 42 km northwest of Novokayakent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Achi-Su and Achi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Kumyks live there.
Famous residents
Ulluby Buynaksky (revolutionary leader of Dagestan)
Abdurakhman Shiravov (participant of the Great Patriotic War, full holder of the Order of Glory)
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Kohlstein Castle () is situated on a rocky hillock in the village of Kohlstein northwest of Tüchersfeld and is the most recently built castle in Franconian Switzerland. It is also one of the smallest and most romantic castles. Today it is in private ownership and may not be visited.
History
The hill castle stands at a height of and may have been built around 1486 by Conz of Hirschaid. It was probably originally an allodial estate of the Lords of Hirschaid. Later, feudal sovereignty passed to the Bishopric of Bamberg.
In 1525 was destroyed in the Peasants' War. It was immediately rebuilt. In 1607/1608 the Hirschaid family had to sell their barony as they were short of money. On 23 May 1608 Wolf Philipp Groß von Trockau zu Tüchersfeld was enfeoffed with the castle and lordship. During the Thirty Years' War the castle appears to have been destroyed because in 1636 a modest new structure was built. It was comprehensively renovated between 1707 and 1714.
A garden house was probably built at this time, which was converted in 1743 into a castle and village chapel.
The Groß von Trockau family, who called themselves from 1658 zu Kohlstein und Tüchersfeld, had to sell the castle in 1713 to Otto Philipp von Gutenberg. After his death, his niece, Maria Anna Groß von Trockau, inherited the castle and estate.
The current structure, a residential building with attached tower, dates mainly to the 18th century. The tower was renovated in 1890.
In 1961 the Groß von Trockau family sold the castle, but not its associated chapel. The castle has had several owners since then.
Today the castle is protected as listed building no. D-4-74-129-42 a "schloss, the core dating to 1486, rebuilt after destruction in the Peasants' War, three-storey main building, in 1636 with the core of the 15th/16th century, east side with irregular triangular end, covered, round staircase tower, renovated in 1890; covered passageway to a two-storey outbuilding, 18th/19th century" and as area monument no. D-4-6234-0175 "Subterranean structures of the Late Mediaeval and Early Modern schloss of Kohlstein" by the Bavarian State Officer for Monument Protection.
References
Literature
Kai Kellermann: Herrschaftliche Gärten in der Fränkischen Schweiz - Eine Spurensuche. Verlag Palm & Enke, Erlangen/ Jena, 2008, , pp. 114–117.
Gustav Voit, Walter Rüfer: Eine Burgenreise durch die Fränkische Schweiz. Verlag Palm und Enke, Erlangen, 1991, , pp. 101–103.
Toni Eckert, Susanne Fischer, Renate Freitag, Rainer Hofmann, Walter Tausendpfund: Die Burgen der Fränkischen Schweiz, Ein Kulturführer. Gürtler Druck, Forchheim, 1997, , pp. 82–85.
Hellmut Kunstmann: Die Burgen der östlichen Fränkischen Schweiz. Kommissionsverlag Ferdinand Schöningh, Würzburg 1965, , pp. 294–303.
External links
Kohlstein Castle at Burgenwelt
History of the castle at Foracheim
Castles in Bavaria
Registered historic buildings and monuments in Bavaria
Forchheim (district)
Franconian Switzerland
Gößweinstein
Làrach Mòr is a garden in Lochaber, in the western Highlands of Scotland. It lies east of Arisaig, in the crook of a bend in the A830. It was developed during the 20th century as a collection of Rhododendrons, and is included in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland, the national listing of significant gardens.
History
Làrach Mòr is on the Arisaig Estate, traditionally the land of the Macdonalds of Clanranald. In the 19th century the site was an orchard and kitchen garden, part of the grounds of Glen House, located around to the south. Glen House was designed by James Gillespie Graham for the Chief of Clanranald in 1819, but was demolished in 1864, leaving only an earlier laird's house.
In 1927 a wealthy Glasgow businessman, John Augustus Holms (1866–1938), took a lease on of land on the estate. His purpose was to develop his collection of Rhododendrons, which he had built up at Formakin House in Renfrewshire from the early 1920s. A keen gardener, Holms was a founder member of the Rhododendron Society, and his collection began to outgrow the space available at Formakin. The woodland site at Làrach Mòr was ideal in its climate and setting for the cultivation of Rhododendrons. He began by transplanting specimens from Formakin, and adding new plants with the ultimate aim of assembling an example of every species then available in Britain. Holms kept a detailed catalogue of each plant and its provenance, with corresponding labels attached to the specimens. He created shelter through plantings of Western Hemlock, bamboo and hornbeam, and established other flowering plants such as Embothrium, Gevuina, Weinmannia, Lomatia, Cunninghamia and Magnolia.
Holms began work on redeveloping a cottage on the site, employing architect Robert Lorimer who had designed Formakin House. On Holms' death in 1938, the house remained incomplete, but the Rhododendron collection included some 200 species. A sale of plants took place in 1939, leading to the partial dispersal of the collection. John Brennan, one of Holms' gardeners, continued to maintain the remaining plants, living in a bothy on site until 1959. From the 1960s, management has been renewed. In 2003, the "outstanding horticultural interest" of the collection was recognised through inclusion in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes.
References
External links
Photos tagged with Larach Mor, Flickr
https://larachmhor.co.uk/ official website
Gardens in Highland (council area)
Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes
Lochaber
Derek John "Blue" Weaver (born 11 March 1947) is a Welsh rock keyboardist, session musician, songwriter and record producer.
Career
Weaver's career as a musician began as a co-founding member of 1960s Welsh rock band Amen Corner and its successor Fair Weather. In 1971, Weaver joined Strawbs after keyboardist Rick Wakeman departed to join Yes, contributing notable keyboard and Mellotron parts on
Grave New World and Bursting at the Seams, the bands' most successful and critically-acclaimed albums. Weaver left Strawbs in 1973 and toured with Mott the Hoople on their US tour with supporting act Queen. The following year, he toured with Streetwalkers.
In 1975, former Amen Corner bandmate Dennis Bryon, who had begun playing drums in The Bee Gees backing band the year before, suggested Weaver as a replacement keyboardist for the band following the departure of Geoff Westley. The three-piece backing band of Weaver, Bryon and the perennial Bee Gees sideman, Alan Kendall, played on the Bee Gees' albums Main Course (1975), Children of the World (1976), Here at Last... Bee Gees... Live (1977), and Spirits Having Flown (1979), as well as the band's famous contributions on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack, including songs like "Jive Talkin'" and "You Should Be Dancing". Though not credited, Weaver greatly influenced the hit song "How Deep Is Your Love".
As a songwriter and composer, Weaver was credited as a co-composer on Andy Gibb's hit song, "(Our Love) Don't Throw It All Away", as well as songs for Jimmy Ruffin's 1980 album Sunrise with Robin Gibb as lyricist, including the hit single, "Hold On (To My Love)". Weaver composed the soundtrack for the film Times Square, again collaborating with Robin Gibb on Gibb's duet with Marcy Levy, "Help Me". In 1980, Weaver worked as a session player for the Pet Shop Boys.
As of 2009, Weaver was a director and supporter of the Music Producers Guild.
References
External links
Official website
Official blog & BluTube
The Music Producers Guild
1947 births
Living people
Musicians from Cardiff
Welsh keyboardists
Welsh record producers
Welsh session musicians
Welsh songwriters
Bee Gees members
Immediate Records artists
Strawbs members
Mott the Hoople members
Streetwalkers members
The Third Saudi state is the heir to the two Saudi states: the first and the second, founded on (January 13, 1902), by Abdul Aziz ibn Saud, who managed to restore the city of Riyadh to establish the modern and contemporary Saudi state (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia).
The third Saudi state was known at the beginning of its reign as "the Emirate of Riyadh" and "the Emirate of Nejd and Hasa" and the emirate was able to expand until 1921 and was able to control the entire Najd region. After the overthrow of the rival Emirate of Ha'il, the Emirate of Najd and Al-Ahsa became known as the Sultanate of Nejd, then the Kingdom of Hejaz was annexed, and its name became the Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd and its annexes. The name continued to exist until the annexation of the Southern Territory and the announcement of the establishment of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1932.
See also
History of Saudi Arabia
Unification of Saudi Arabia
Emirate of Diriyah
Emirate of Nejd
Emirate of Nejd and Hasa
Emirate of Jabal Shammar
Sultanate of Nejd
Kingdom of Hejaz
Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd
References
External links
History of Saudi Arabia
Suez SA (formerly Suez Environnement) is a French-based utility company which operates largely in the water and waste management sectors. The company has its head office in La Défense, Paris. In 2015, all the group's brands became SUEZ.
History
Formerly an operating division of Suez, the company was spun out as a stand-alone entity as part of the merger to form GDF Suez (now Engie) on 22 July 2008. Engie remained the largest shareholder of the company with a 35% stake. On the stock market, Suez Environnement's share jumped 40% in value on its first day.
In April 2014, Suez Environnement signed 3 major water treatment contracts in India worth 61 million euros. In July 2015, the group Suez Environnement simplified its name to become Suez, after the group GDF-Suez changed its name to Engie, leaving the name Suez available again. In September 2015, Suez acquired Sembcorp's 40% stake in the companies' common joint-venture to provide water treatment and waste management in Australia.
On October 1, 2017 Suez bought the Water & Process Technologies unit from GE Power for 3.4 billion dollars and formed a new business unit called Suez Water Technologies & Solutions. Suez shares are listed on the Euronext exchanges in Paris and Brussels.
On May 14, 2019, Bertrand Camus was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Suez.
On February 1st, 2022, SUEZ begins a new chapter in its history with its acquisition by the Consortium of shareholders and the appointment of a new CEO, Sabrina Soussan.
As of August 1st, Sabrina Soussan is appointed Chairman and CEO of SUEZ.
Financial results
Financial results in millions of euros:
Company governance
As of March 10, 2022, the Executive Committee is made up of:
Sabrina Soussan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Maximilien Pellegrini, Group Deputy CEO, in charge of France and Italy
Frederick Jeske-Schoenhoven, Group SVP Strategy, Communication and Sustainable Developement
Thomas Devedjian, Group Chief Financial Officer
Laurent-Guillaume Guerra, Group Chief Human Resources Officer
Philippe Andrau, Group Legal Affairs Officer
Shareholder structure
Breakdown of share capital as of February 1st, 2022.
See also
Ile-de-France Region Waste Management Observatory
References
External links
Waste management companies of France
Water companies of France
French companies established in 2008
Waste companies established in 2008
French brands
Companies listed on Euronext Paris
Veolia
Lugg Island is a small island in the Donskiye Islands group lying north-west of Lake Island, off the west end of Breidnes Peninsula, Vestfold Hills, Antarctica. It was first plotted from aerial photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for Dr. D. Lugg, medical officer at Davis Station in 1963, who visited the island for biological studies.
Important Bird Area
The island forms part of the Magnetic Island and nearby islands Important Bird Area (IBA), comprising Magnetic, Turner, Waterhouse, Lugg, Boyd and Bluff Islands, along with intervening islands and marine area. The site was designated an IBA by BirdLife International because it supports large colonies of Adélie penguins totalling some 29,000 breeding pairs, based on 2012 satellite imagery.
See also
List of Antarctic and Subantarctic islands
References
External links
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Penguin colonies
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
Phaecasiophora astrata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark rust brown, with a dark brown termen. The postbasal and postmedian areas are tinged orange brown. There is a white mark at the costa apically and there are numerous refractive bluish dots. The hindwings are brown.
Etymology
The name refers to the refractive dots of the forewing and is derived from Latin astratus (meaning with stars).
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Terekti (, ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Terekti. Population:
Geography
Lake Shalkar is located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
The dwarf vireo (Vireo nelsoni) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae. It is endemic to Mexico.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
Vireo (genus)
Endemic birds of Mexico
Birds of Mexico
Natural history of the Mexican Plateau
Birds described in 1936
Taxa named by James Bond (ornithologist)
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lyttelton Ridge () is a dark, jagged ridge, high, extending in a northwest–southeast direction along the west side of Churchill Peninsula, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctic Peninsula. It was charted in 1947 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey, who named it for Rt. Hon. Oliver Lyttelton, M.P., then British Minister of Production and member of the War Cabinet. It was photographed from the air during 1947 by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne.
References
Ridges of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Michelle DiEmanuele, OOnt is a Canadian executive and civil servant who currently serves as Secretary of the Cabinet and Clerk of the Executive Council for the government of Ontario.
Career
She graduated with a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Waterloo in 1987. In 1994, she graduated from the University of Toronto with a master's degree in political science.
From 2004 to 2008, she served as a deputy minister for the government of Ontario under Premier Dalton McGuinty. In April 2007, she was named the interim head of the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation. That year, she was named among the Top 100 most powerful women in Canada by The Globe And Mail.
After leaving her role in the government, she became president of the Credit Valley Hospital in August 2008. She later became president of Trillium Health Partners after Credit Valley merged with the Trillium Health Centre.
In 2012, she was awarded a Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal.
In 2016, she was included in a Toronto Police Service task force on modernising the service.
In 2020, she was appointed to the Order of Ontario.
In late-May 2021, she was named Secretary of the Cabinet, replacing the retiring Steven Davidson.
References
Canadian women civil servants
Ontario civil servants
Canadian women in business
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Members of the Order of Ontario
University of Waterloo alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Ludivine is a feminine given name. Notable women with the given name include:
Ludivine Dedonder, Belgian polician.
Ludivine Diguelman, French footballer
Ludivine Furnon, French artistic gymnast
Ludivine Henrion, Belgian road bicycle racer
Ludivine Kreutz, French professional golfer
Ludivine Lasnier (born 1985), French kickboxer
Ludivine Sagnier, French actress
Feminine given names
Augusto González Besada (June 14, 1865 – June 4, 1919) was a Spanish lawyer and politician who served as President of the Congress of Deputies, Minister of Finance, Minister of the Interior and Minister of Development during the reign of King Alfonso XIII.
Biography
González Besada was member of one of the most powerful families of the Province of Pontevedra. His father, as well as his uncles, were members of the Provincial Deputation of Pontevedra, and one of his uncles, Sabino, was President of the Deputation from 1896 to 1898 and Civil Governor of Pontevedra in two occasions.
After obtaining the bachelor's degree, he entered in the University of Santiago de Compostela where he studied law obtaining the degree in 1885. He started his professional work in the Bar Association of Pontevedra where he obtained a lot of fame and later in Madrid.
Member of the Conservative Party, he was elected MP in 1899 by the constituency of Pontevedra and he was re-elected in the elections of 1901, 1903 and 1905. In the next electoral processes, González Besada was elected by the constituencies of Cádiz in 1907, Almeria in 1910, Alicante in 1914 and Lugo in 1916 and 1919.
In 1902 he was appointed Under Secretary of Finance and he was promoted to Minister of Finance from July 20, 1903, to December 5, 1903, by prime minister Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, being the youngest Finance Minister of the Restoration. He also held this portfolio in two more occasions: between September 14, 1908, and October 21, 1909, and in 1918, both occasions in the cabinets of Antonio Maura.
With Fernández Villaverde again as premier, González Besada was appointed Interior Minister from January 27 to June 23, 1905, and again with Maura, Development Minister from January 25, 1907, to September 14, 1908.
He was one of the spokespersons of the conservative opposition in the Congress of Deputies, an opposition that rejected the Consumables Substitution Act planned by José Canalejas and he announced that when the conservatives return to power, they would block that law, as it happened.
As Minister of Development he focused his forces on improving the Asturian ports of Ribadesella, Villaviciosa y Gijón as well as the repopulation of the rivers of that area but, above all, the Asturian region named him honorary citizen of the region because of his support to the railway project of the region.
He was elected President of the Congress of Deputies for the first time on April 3, 1914. He was elected by 285 votes of the 286 possibles and he was elected as an acting president. The House confirmed his election on April 28, 1914, by unanimity. He was re-elected again on November 11, 1915, for a second term by 255 votes of 257. In December, after the fall of the Cabinet of Eduardo Dato, the King proposed him to form a new government but he rejected it because that proposal was limited to be a temporary prime minister and without the authority to dissolve the Cortes and call for elections. In spite of rejecting the offer, González Besada became a great advisor to the government and the monarch.
In 1915, Maura nominated him as a member of the Spanish Royal Academy and he assumed in May 1916. He was also a member of the Royal Academy of Moral and Political Sciences, and of the Royal Academy of Jurisprudence of which he became president.
On June 4, 1919, three days after the being elected in the general election, González Besada passed away. He would be replaced as MP by his son Carlos González Besada y Giráldez. Two years later, to honor his memory, King Alfonso XIII created the Marquessate of González Besada, in favor of his widow.
References
1865 births
1919 deaths
Presidents of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
19th-century Spanish politicians
20th-century Spanish politicians
Members of the Royal Spanish Academy
Economy and finance ministers of Spain
Interior ministers of Spain
Public works ministers of Spain
People from O Baixo Miño
Wilmaure Derrick Louw (born 2 February 1987) is a South African rugby union footballer. His regular playing position is either centre or wing. He most recently represented the in the Currie Cup competition, having previously played for and the in Super Rugby.
In 2013, Louw was included in a South Africa President's XV team that played in the 2013 IRB Tbilisi Cup and won the tournament after winning all three matches.
Louw was a member of the Pumas side that won the Vodacom Cup for the first time in 2015, beating 24–7 in the final. Louw made nine appearances during the season, scoring two tries.
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1987 births
South African rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union wings
Griquas (rugby union) players
Pumas (Currie Cup) players
Cheetahs (rugby union) players
People from Upington
Rugby union players from the Northern Cape
Adele Uddo is an American parts model who promotes brands and doubles for celebrities.
Early life and education
Uddo grew up in a California commune. She dropped out of college to pursue a modeling career.
Career
As a parts model, Uddo is most known for modelling her hands, but she also models her lips, legs, feet, eyes, neck and chest to promote brands and as a double for celebrities. She has also appeared in Vogue magazine and on billboards.
Uddo has worked on campaigns for Christian Louboutin, Dior, Revlon, Balmain, Chanel, Essie and Taco Bell.
She is a regular hand stand-in for celebrities, including Katy Perry, Penelope Cruz, Reese Witherspoon, Natalie Portman and Beyoncé, and brands she has been featured in include Allure, Harper's Bazaar, Byrdie and The New York Times.
Personal life
She works in both Los Angeles and New York City, calling herself "bicoastal."
References
Living people
American female models
People from Los Angeles
Female models from California
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1987 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and Torpedo won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Chengtian Temple () is a Buddhist temple located in Licheng District, Quanzhou, Fujian, China. Chengtian Temple is considered one of the Three Great Buddhist Temples in Quanzhou, alongside Kaiyuan Temple and Chongfu Temple.
History
Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms
The temple was first built between 957 and 958 with the name of "South Chan Temple" (), under the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms (907–960). It was the South Garden of Liu Congxiao (), a military governor in the Southern Tang dynasty (937–976).
Song dynasty
In 1007, in the reign of Emperor Zhenzong of the Song dynasty (960–1279), the emperor inscribed and honored the name "Chengtian Temple" ().
Republic of China
In 1947, Chan master Guangqin () went to Taiwan to disseminate Buddhism and deliver Buddhist precepts, where he erected the Miaotong Temple, Jinhai Chan Temple, Hengguang Chan Temple, and Guangzhao Temple.
People's Republic of China
In 1966, Mao Zedong launched the ten-year disastrous Cultural Revolution, the red guards ruthlessly attacked the temple, the Hall of Maitreya, Dharma Hall, Bell tower, Drum tower, corridor, hallway, pavilions, and pagodas were destroyed. They were then converted into residential buildings and faculty.
After the 3rd Plenary Session of the 11th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the policy of religious freedom was implemented. Chan master Hongchuan () returned to Quanzhou and started to restore Chengtian Temple. Renovations and rebuilding to the main buildings (including Mahavira Hall, Dharma Hall, Hall of Maitreya) began in 1985 and were completed in October 1990. The then President of Buddhist Association of China, Upāsaka Zhao Puchu attended the consecration ceremony.
Chengtian Temple was inscribed to the Quanzhou Municipal Cultural Heritage List by the Quanzhou Municipal Government in June 1961. The Stone Dhvaja of Chengtian Temple was listed among the sixth group of Fujian Provincial Historical and Cultural Sites by the Fujian Provincial Government on May 11, 2005.
Architecture
The entire temple faces south with the Four Heavenly Kings Hall, Hall of Maitreya, Free Life Pond, Mahavira Hall, Dharma Hall, Hall of Manjushri along the central axis of the complex. On both sides are the Bell tower, Drum tower, and corridor.
Mahavira Hall
The Mahavira Hall is five rooms wide with double-eaves gable and hip roofs. A 10th-century bronze statue of Sakyamuni from Ancient India is enshrined in the center of the hall.
Stone Dhvaja
The thirteen storeys and tall Stone Dhvaja stands in front of the Hall of Manjushri. It was carved in the Northern Song dynasty (960–1127). It is composed of a sumeru throne, a body and a root crown. The body was engraved patterns of various flying phoenixes, lotuses, Hercules, monsters, etc.
Gallery
References
Buddhist temples in Quanzhou
Buildings and structures in Quanzhou
Tourist attractions in Quanzhou
1990 establishments in China
20th-century Buddhist temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1990
The 1932 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1932 college football season. In its first and only season under head coach Evan O. Williams, the team compiled a 2–6–1 record (1–3–1 against MVC opponents), finished in fifth place in the conference, and was outscored by a total of 196 to 57.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Frank Fox may refer to:
Sportspeople
Frank Fox (racing driver) (1877–1931), American auto racing driver
Frank Fox (Gaelic footballer) (1911–1940), Irish Gaelic footballer
Frank Fox (rugby league) (fl. 1960s and 1970s) rugby league footballer
Frank Fox (motorcycle racer) in 1957 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season
Frank Fox (American football) in 1965 American Football League draft
Others
Sir Frank Fox (author) (1874–1960), Australian journalist and author
Frank S. Fox (1861–1920), American academic and college president
Frank Fox (actor) in the 1938 film Second Thoughts
Frank Fox (composer) for films including The Master Detective
Frank Fox (writer), see Screen Directors Playhouse
Frank Fox, for whom Fox, Oklahoma was named
See also
Francis Fox (disambiguation)
Mary Frank Fox, sociologist
Cameraria tildeni is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 3.8-4.2 mm.
The larvae feed on Chrysolepis chrysophylla. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is oblong to ovoid and the epidermis is opaque, yellow green. Most mines cross the midrib and only mature mines have a single fold.
Etymology
The species is named in honor of Dr. J. W. Tilden of San Jose, California, who has been the only entomologist to collect this insect when it was described.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1981
Leaf miners
Fauna of California
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
The global freshwater model WaterGAP calculates flows and storages of water on all continents of the globe (except Antarctica), taking into account the human influence on the natural freshwater system by water abstractions and dams. It supports understanding the freshwater situation across the world's river basins during the 20th and the 21st centuries, and is applied to assess water scarcity, droughts and floods and to quantify the impact of human actions on e.g. groundwater, wetlands, streamflow and sea-level rise. Modelling results of WaterGAP have contributed to international assessment of the global environmental situation including the UN World Water Development Reports, the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment, the UN Global Environmental Outlooks as well as to reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. WaterGAP contributes to the Intersectoral Impact Model Intercomparison Project ISIMIP, where consistent ensembles of model runs by a number of global hydrological models are generated to assess the impact of climate change and other anthropogenic stressors on freshwater resources world-wide.
WaterGAP (Water Global Assessment and Prognosis) was developed at the University of Kassel (Germany) since 1996, while later on development has continued at Goethe University Frankfurt and Ruhr University Bochum. It consists of both the WaterGAP Global Hydrology Model (WGHM) and five water use models for the sectors irrigation, livestock, households, manufacturing and cooling of thermal power plants. An additional model component computes the fractions of total water use that are abstracted from either groundwater or surface waters (rivers, lakes and reservoirs). The model runs with a temporal resolution of 1 day; WaterGAP 2 has a spatial resolution of 0.5 degree geographical latitude × 0.5 degree geographical longitude (equivalent to 55 km × 55 km at the equator) and WaterGAP 3 a spatial resolution of 5 arc minutes x 5 arc minutes (9 km x 9 km). Model input includes time series of climate data (e.g. precipitation, temperature and radiation) and information such as characteristics of surface water bodies (lakes, reservoirs and wetlands), land cover, soil type, topography and irrigated area.
WaterGAP Global Hydrology Model WGHM
WGHM computes time-series of fast-surface and subsurface runoff, groundwater recharge and river discharge as well as storage variations of water in canopy, snow, soil, groundwater, lakes, wetlands and rivers. Thus, it quantifies the total renewable water resources as well as the renewable groundwater resources of a grid cell, river basin, or country. Precipitation on each grid cell is transported through the different storage compartments, where water can also evapotranspirate. Location and size of wetlands, lakes and reservoirs are defined by the global lakes and wetland database (GLWD), and the GRanD database of man-made reservoirs. Groundwater storage is affected by diffuse groundwater recharge through the soil and by point recharge from surface water bodies. Diffuse groundwater recharge is modeled as a function of total runoff, relief, soil texture, hydrogeology and the existence of permafrost or glaciers. Cell runoff is routed downstream until it reaches the ocean or an internal sink. To allow a plausible representation of the actual freshwater situation, version 2.2d of WGHM is tuned against observed long-term mean annual streamflow at 1319 gauging stations. Performance of WGHM with respect to streamflow observations has been compared in various studies to that of other global hydrological models for both Europe and the globe, while performance with respect to GRACE total water storage anomaly was compared globally and for U.S. aquifers.
Water Use Models
In WaterGAP, modeling of water use refers to computation of water withdrawals (abstractions) from either groundwater or surface water bodies (lakes, reservoirs and rivers), of consumptive water uses (the fraction of the abstracted water that evapotranspires during use) and of the return flows to groundwater or surface water bodies. Consumptive irrigation water use is computed by the Global Irrigation Model as a function of irrigated area and climate in each grid cell. Livestock water use is calculated as a function of the animal numbers and water requirements of different livestock types. Domestic and manufacturing use are based on national values of water withdrawals at different points in time. The temporal development of national household water use is based on statistical data modeled as a function of technological and structural change (the latter as a function of gross domestic product), taking into account population change. The temporal development of manufacturing water use takes into account technological change and the development of manufacturing gross value added. National values of domestic and manufacturing water use are downscaled to the grid cells using population density and urban population density, respectively. Water use for cooling of thermal power plants takes into account the location and characteristics of thermal power plants. Time series of monthly values of irrigation water use are computed, while all other uses are assumed to be constant throughout the year and to only vary from year to year. Based on sectoral water withdrawals and consumptive use as computed by the five water use models, the model component GWSWUSE calculates surface water abstractions from and return flows to groundwater and surface water as well as the total net abstraction from groundwater and from surface water in each grid cell.
Applications
WaterGAP has been applied to assess which areas of the world are and will be affected by water stress, and to estimate the world's freshwater balance. In many studies, WaterGAP served to estimate the impact of climate change on the global freshwater system, e.g. on groundwater, wetlands, streamflow and irrigation requirements. Groundwater stress and depletion of groundwater resources were analyzed. In addition, the alteration of ecologically relevant river flow characteristics and wetland dynamics due to human water use and dams was studied. Time series of WaterGAP total water storage anomalies were used to process and interpret GRACE (Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment) satellite measurement of the dynamic gravity of the Earth, as for the continents, the seasonal and longer-term gravity changes are to a large extent caused by changes of the water stored in groundwater, surface waters, soil and snow. These time series also served to estimate the contribution of water storage variations on the continents to sea level rise. WaterGAP results are also used in life-cycle assessments to take into account water stress at production sites.
References
Hydrology models
Al-Shams Fi Yawm Gha'em () is a 1986 Syrian language film release directed by the Syrian film Director Muhammad Shahin of 90 minutes duration.
Plot
This film is set in the 1930s Syria's pre-independence days. Adil (Jihad Sahd) was born into wealth yet empathizes with the poor, renounces his family and joins the "lower orders." He is given a crash course in Syrian customs by the Old Man (Rafik El Soubeil). Adil is awakened sexually by the ingratiating prostitute (Muna Wassef). Adil's father finds his son, is envious of the Old Man's relationship with the boy and he exacts a terrible revenge on the old man by using his money and social position as protection from legal consequences.
Cast
Muna Wassef - the "Prostitute"
Rafik El Soubeil - Old Man
Jihad Sahd - Adil
Jada El Charnaa - Nour
References
External links
Sun on a hazy Day at Yahoo! Movies
1986 films
Syrian drama films
Films directed by Muhammad Shahin
1980s Arabic-language films
Pennsylvania Water & Power was an American company. It was the first power plant in the world to combine a hydroelectric generator and a coal power generator on the same site. John Abbet Walls was president.
See also
References
American companies established in 1920
Defunct companies based in Pennsylvania
Electric power companies of the United States
Companies with year of disestablishment missing
1920 establishments in Pennsylvania
Shaun Vernon du Preez (born ) is a Namibian rugby union player, currently playing with the Namibia national team and the in the South African Currie Cup competition. He can play as a prop or a hooker.
Rugby career
Du Preez was born in Karasburg (then in South-West Africa, but part of modern-day Namibia) and attended Paarl Boys' High School in South Africa.
He made his test debut for in 2012 against and represented the in the South African domestic Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions since 2015.
References
External links
Namibian rugby union players
Living people
1987 births
People from ǁKaras Region
Rugby union props
Rugby union hookers
Namibia international rugby union players
Léon Epin (30 October 1858 – 3 July 1928) was a French archer. He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics, winning three medals, two silver and a bronze.
References
1858 births
1928 deaths
French male archers
Olympic archers of France
Archers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Meurthe-et-Moselle
Olympic silver medalists for France
Olympic bronze medalists for France
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Salitje is a populated place in the south of Eswatini, by the border with South Africa, about 25 kilometres south of Hluthi.
Sources
Tracks4Africa.c.za: Salitje border post
Populated places in Eswatini
Eswatini–South Africa border crossings
The Association of Norwegian Insurance Companies () was an employers' organisation in Norway.
It was established in 1937, but in 2000 it was merged with the Norwegian Bankers' Association to form the Norwegian Financial Services Association. It was named between 1937 and 1943, and 1945 to 1980.
References
Defunct employers' organisations in Norway
Organizations established in 1937
Organizations disestablished in 2000
1937 establishments in Norway
The swimming competition at the 1967 Summer Universiade took place in Tokyo, Japan in August 1967.
Men's events
Legend:
Women's events
Legend:
References
Medalist Summary (Men) on GBRATHLETICS.com
Medalist Summary (Women) on GBRATHLETICS.com
1967 in swimming
Swimming at the Summer Universiade
1967 Summer Universiade
Lucy MacGregor (born 28 November 1986) is an English sailor. She was born in Poole, Dorset.
, MacGregor is tall and weighs . She attended Bournemouth School for Girls and is a member of Poole Yacht Club. She started sailing at the age of six in Poole Harbour.
MacGregor was candidate for selection for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Yngling three-person keelboat class with crewmates Annie Lush and double Olympic gold medallist Shirley Robertson. Despite winning the bronze medal at the 2007 World Championships, the trio were overlooked for selection in favour of Sarah Ayton, Sarah Webb and Pippa Wilson who ended up winning gold in the Olympic event.
In 2010 MacGregor teamed up with her younger sister Kate MacGregor, Annie Lush and Mary Rook to win gold at the ISAF women's match racing World Championship in Newport, Rhode Island, United States. The British crew won the final 3–2 over an American team helmed by two-time world title-winner Sally Barkow. At the 2011 Sailing World Championships in Perth, Australia, MacGregor reached the final of the match-racing event, as part of a crew with Lush and Kate MacGregor, where they were beaten 4–0 by the United States boat skippered by Anna Tunnicliffe. The three won a gold medal at the 2011 World Cup event in Hyères, France by beating Barkow's crew 3–0 in the final.
MacGregor was selected to compete for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the newly created Elliott 6 metres match-racing event. She competed alongside her sister Kate MacGregor and Annie Lush. Together the three were nicknamed the "Match Race Girls". The event took place at the Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy with the round robin group stage being held from 29 July to 4 August 2012. The team finished in seventh place.
In 2013, MacGregor won the inaugural Women's International match Racing Series tour.
References
Olympic sailors of Great Britain
British female sailors (sport)
English female sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Elliott 6m
British sailors
Sportspeople from Poole
1986 births
Living people
"All Those Yesterdays", song by Pearl Jam from Yield (album)
"All Those Yesterdays", (Justin Tubb) from The Importance of Being Ernest
"All Those Yesterdays", (Hanson, Heeney, Masters) from Jennifer Hanson (album)
Craig Odell, better known by his pen name Craig Alanson, is an American author and audio playwright of science fiction and fantasy works, most notably the New York Times best-selling Expeditionary Force series.
Career
Alanson began writing in 2006, developing his novels at nights and on weekends while working full-time. He began self publishing novels on Amazon in 2016. One of his three debut novels was Columbus Day, the first book in the Expeditionary Force ( ExForce ) series. The commercial success of Columbus Day, and the follow-up SpecOps, allowed Alanson to become a full-time writer. Alanson signed with Podium Publishing to produce the audiobook versions of the novels (Podium had previously produced the audiobook of Andy Weir's The Martian). The Expeditionary Force books are performed by award-winning narrator R. C. Bray, who had also narrated The Martian. The audiobook for Columbus Day was nominated for an "Audiobook of the Year" Audie Award in 2018.
In 2017 Alanson wrote a standalone novella called Trouble in Paradise, expanding on the events that take place between books three and four in the ExForce series. The novella laid the foundations for a short spin-off series set within the same fictional universe, entitled Mavericks. In 2019, Alanson committed to write a total of fourteen novels for Expeditionary Force and three Mavericks novels, though the third Mavericks novel was later revised as an ExForce title making it fifteen books in total for ExForce and two for Mavericks. Alanson aims to complete the final book in the ExForce series by the end of 2022.
In 2017, Alanson released the audiobooks of the other two novels he had originally self-published alongside Columbus Day in 2016; a standalone young adult science-fiction story called Aces and an epic fantasy novel called Ascendant, the first book in the Ascendant trilogy. The Ascendant audiobooks were narrated by Tim Gerard Reynolds.
In 2019, the Homefront story within the Expeditionary Force series was released as an audio drama starring Star Trek alumni Kate Mulgrew, Zachary Quinto and Robert Picardo along with the audiobook narrator R.C. Bray. Alanson has expressed a desire to write and release a novelization of the play. In 2019, the Expeditionary Force series was optioned by Milmar Pictures for a Television series.
The audiobook for the twelfth novel in the series, Breakaway, debuted at number one on Audible for audio fiction and reached No. 5 on The New York Times Best Seller list in June 2021. The thirteenth book in series, Fallout, also debuted at number one on Audible for audio fiction when it was released in December 2021, and reached No. 10 on the New York Times Best Seller list.
Alanson has announced that after completing ExForce in 2022, his next series will be an urban fantasy called Convergence, with the first book in the series also called Convergence. In June 2022, Alanson announced on an AMA Reddit that while the ExForce series will officially end after book 15, he will write at least one additional novella set in the same fictional universe.
Personal life
Alanson lives in South Hero in Vermont with his wife Irene.
He was unable to pursue a career as a pilot in the United States Navy due to red-green color blindness. Alanson began working at United Technologies in Connecticut straight from school, working on Aerospace projects. He moved to Gainesville in Virginia to work on defense contracts with United, which gave him exposure to the military jargon and concepts he would later use in his novels. Alanson later moved into finance, working for Hewlett-Packard where he wrote financial reports.
Works
Novels
Expeditionary Force (ExForce)
A space opera describing the events after humanity is thrust into a galactic war following an alien invasion of Earth. The chief protagonists are Joe Bishop, a soldier in the United States Army, and Skippy, advanced Artificial intelligence from an ancient civilization who befriends Joe. Alanson describes Battle: Los Angeles as the initial inspiration for the story. Expeditionary Force has been released in both English and Polish, with the Polish Ebooks published by Drageus Publishing House and the audiobook editions published by Heraclon International & StoryBox and narrated by Wojciech Masiak.
Mavericks
A spin-off from Expeditionary Force focused on a group of human soldiers cut-off from Earth.
Convergence
A contemporary urban fantasy series.
Ascendant
A young-adult fantasy series following a boy with magical abilities as he discovers he is a Wizard.
Others
Audio Dramas
Awards
Columbus Day – Audie Award – Audiobook of the Year 2018 (Nominated)
References
External links
Craig Alanson in the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
Craig Alanson in Goodreads
Living people
American male novelists
American science fiction writers
21st-century American novelists
American fantasy writers
People from Springfield, Massachusetts
1962 births
People from South Hero, Vermont
21st-century pseudonymous writers
Rutgers Glacier () is a steep glacier on the west side of the Royal Society Range in the Ross Dependency, Antarctica. Rutgers Glacier descends southwest from Johns Hopkins Ridge and Mount Rucker to enter the Skelton Glacier. Abbott Spur separates the lower ends of Rutgers Glacier from Allison Glacier.
Discovery and naming
Rutgers Glacier was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from ground surveys and aerial photographs taken by the United States Navy. The glacier was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Rutgers University, New Brunswick, New Jersey, which has sent researchers to Antarctica, and in association with Johns Hopkins Ridge and Carleton Glacier.
References
Rutgers University
Glaciers of Hillary Coast
Darsheel Safary (born 9 March 1997) is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films and television. Safary made his film debut with the leading role of a student with learning disorder in Aamir Khan's directorial debut, the critically acclaimed drama Taare Zameen Par (2007), for which he won the Filmfare critic's Award for Best Actor.
Career
In 2007, Safary made his acting debut in Taare Zameen Par, playing the film's protagonist Ishaan Nandkishore Awasthi. Safary was discovered by scriptwriter and creative director, Amol Gupte in late 2006 when he was looking for a male lead for Taare Zameen Par. After going through hundreds of auditions, Gupte found Safary at Shiamak Davar's dancing school, "Summer Funk". In choosing Safary, Gupte had a number of boys audition for a scene in which they would informally describe how they would "bunk" school after being given a few scenarios. He recalls, "It was a tough call. But Darsheel has the mischief in his eyes to be Ishaan. Everyone just naturally gravitated towards him."
Safary's performance as a struggling dyslexic child was praised by film critics. He won several awards for his performance. Taran Adarsh from indiaFM wrote, "Taare Zameen Par belongs to Master Darsheel Safary. A performance that makes the best of performances pale in comparison. A performance that deserves brownie points. A performance that'll always come first on your mind the moment someone mentions Taare Zameen Par. A performance that's impeccable, flawless and astounding. A performance that moves you and makes you reflect on your growing years. A performance that merits a special award!" Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN wrote, "Darsheel Safary steals your heart as Ishaan Awasthi. Darsheel is a revelation as an actor, he's spontaneous and lovable and carries this film completely on his shoulders". Other reviewers called Safary the "real star of the film" and his performance as "brilliant".
In a 2007 interview, Safary stated that his career plans may include singing, dancing, becoming a businessman or jewellery designer. In 2012, he participated in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa (An Indian version of Dancing With The Stars) with Avneet Kaur as his dance partner, but was eliminated and came in seventh position.
Darsheel also participated in a web series with Virti Vaghani in Butterflies S2 Ep-3 by TTT Web series.
Filmography
Films
Television
Music videos
Awards
References
External links
Indian male film actors
Indian male child actors
21st-century Indian male child actors
Living people
1997 births
Filmfare Awards winners
Zee Cine Awards winners
Zdv or ZDV may refer to:
ZDV, an air traffic control center in the United States
Zentral-Dombauverein zu Köln von 1842, a civic association of Germany
Zero-day vulnerability
Zidovudine, an antiretroviral drug
Kuzörenemirler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 176 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
InterVideo WinDVR is a commercial digital video recorder (DVR) software package for Windows operating systems. It allows PCs to work as a TV set and a DVR at the same time, using a hardware-based TV turner card. It has an integrated electronic program guide (EPG) that is updated via the Internet.
Its direct competition came from CyberLink PowerVCR.
In 2003 InterVideo posted a replacement product named WinDVD Recorder 4.5, offering discounts to the users by upgrading from WinDVR 3 or WinDVD Player 4. However, WinDVD Recorder is not compatible with Windows 98SE or ME (only 2000 and XP are supported). This is the reason WinDVR continued being sold, although without any further updates.
In 2006, InterVideo, the creator of WinDVD Recorder, was acquired by Corel Corporation. WinDVD Recorder has been discontinued, and no direct replacement has been announced. The last WinDVD Recorder version was 5.2.
Features
The application can convert video from VHS tapes to DVD or video CD, and can capture screen shots from a program and save them as a bitmap image to a hard disk or other storage medium.
The EPG works with Decisionmark's TitanTV in the United States, Fast TV in Europe, and Sony IEPG in Japan.
It supports MPEG-1, MPEG-2, NTSC and PAL VCD, SVCD, and DVD formats.
The program displays video thumbnails of 16 channels at once so you can scan what's at at a glance.
The time-shifting feature allows pausing of live TV, and creation of instant replay, or fast-forward through commercials with InterVideo Home Theater.
The software also includes support for Teletext, a television information service in Europe.
WinDVD Recorder also includes the same functions of the product WinDVD Player on which it is based: battery life extender, hyper-threading technology, Movie Encyclopedia, aspect ratio correction, time-stretching, DivX support, playlist creation, preset display settings, and PAL TruSpeed.
See also
Microsoft Windows
Windows Media Center
Personal video recorder
Direct to Disk Recording
Comparison of PVR software packages
D-VHS
DVD recorder
Freeview+
Hard disk recorder
Media PC
MythTV
SageTV
TV tuner card
CyberLink PowerVCR
References
External links
How DVR works.
The DV Show - Podcasting the Ins and Outs of Digital Video
DVRplayground - Online community devoted to discussing DVR trends and technology
Video recording software
Corel software
KLJY (99.1 MHz) is a commercial-free, listener-supported FM radio station licensed to Clayton, Missouri, and serving Greater St. Louis. It is owned by Gateway Creative Broadcasting, and broadcasts a Christian Contemporary radio format known as 99.1 Joy FM. The radio studios and offices on Founders Lane in Des Peres, with a St. Louis address. In addition to broadcasting music, the station also sponsors community events and activities around St. Louis.
KLJY has an effective radiated power of 100,000 watts, the maximum for non-grandfathered FM stations. Its transmitter is in Resurrection Cemetery in Shrewsbury, co-located with the towers for other St. Louis-area FM and TV stations. KLJY broadcasts using HD Radio technology. Its HD-2 digital subchannel carries a simulcast of sister station KXBS, which airs a Christian CHR format known as "Boost 95.5", while the HD-3 subchannel carries a conservative talk format branded as "NewsTalkSTL." It feeds 250 watt FM translator K270BW at 101.9 MHz in nearby Bellefontaine.
History
Early history
On , the station signed on the air as KFUO-FM. It was the FM counterpart to KFUO (850 AM), which signed on in 1924. Both stations were owned by the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, simulcasting Christian radio programming. KFUO-FM was originally was on 104.1 MHz before later moving to 99.1 MHz.
Over time, the simulcast programming was reduced. The AM station continues, to this day, broadcasting Christian programming. In 1975, to satisfy Federal Communications Commission regulations that discouraged AM and FM stations from simulcasting their programming, the FM switched to all classical music. It only carried some religious shows and sacred music on Sundays.
Classical music
For 62 years, KFUO-FM was the St. Louis market's primary classical music radio station. It was branded as "Classic 99 KFUO-FM". KFUO-FM transmitted with an effective radiated power of 100 kW. KFUO-FM's studios were located on the campus of Concordia Seminary, one of two graduate theological seminaries operated by the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS). The station was owned by the LCMS, which still owns KFUO (850 AM). KFUO-FM's transmitter was located in Affton, Missouri.
KFUO-FM began as a listener supported station, but later moved to a commercial format.
KFUO-FM was voted the best classical music station in America in 2005.
Due to the expense of running both stations, the Missouri Synod decided to sell the FM station in 2010.
Joy FM
"Joy FM" was founded by Sandi Brown, a former disc jockey on WCBW, a commercial Christian Contemporary station. (That station was sold in 1997 and its format switched to urban adult contemporary.) A new organization, Gateway Creative Broadcasting, was formed to look for a place on the FM dial for Christian Contemporary music. The creators decided from the beginning the new station would be a non-commercial, listener supported station so it would not be subject to ratings and format changes. At the beginning, Joy FM had two rimshot stations operating at 94.1 (KPVR) and 97.7 (KHZR).
In March 2010, Gateway Creative Broadcasting bought KFUO-FM, with the sale approved by the FCC in May. The sale upset local classical music fans, due to the loss of the only remaining St. Louis radio station devoted completely to Classical music. A petition was filed with the FCC, alleging that the pending transfer was not open to public bidding, though it was unsuccessful. KFUO-FM signed off on July 6. At 10 p.m. on July 6, 2010, KFUO-FM signed off their 62 year-old classical music format with Beethoven's Symphony No. 9. (Classical music returned to St. Louis later as an HD Radio digital subchannel on KWMU-HD3, as well as translator K297BI/WFUN-HD2.)
The new owners began broadcasting "Joy FM" at 7 a.m. on July 7 under new KLJY call letters.
CLASSIC99.com
At the time of KFUO-FM's shutoff on July 6, 2010, the classical and sacred web stream continued at CLASSIC99.com. Ron Klemm, Dick Wobbe, and John Clayton, all formerly of KFUO-FM, continued the music ministry, which has grown since 2010. CLASSIC99.com remains active and continues to stream classical and sacred music. It continues to look for new digital delivery channels for its local and worldwide audience.
Since April 2013, CLASSIC99.com has shared its music library of some 30,000 CDs with a new classical broadcast station in St. Louis branded as "RAF STL" and managed and founded in part by former KFUO-FM program director Jim Connett. The new station features Tom Sudholt of KFUO-FM each afternoon and early evening, Connett later each evening, Ron Klemm's JOY program on Sunday mornings, and John Clayton, also from KFUO-FM, in a new, locally produced, weekly classical guitar program. WRR-FM in Dallas, Texas has also shared its music library with the new station, which broadcasts a low power analog signal on 107.3 MHz and a 48 kbit/second digital stream on 96.3-2, an HD channel of FM station WFUN-FM.
References
External links
Official website for Joy FM
Official website of CLASSIC99.com
CLASSIC99.com streams
RAF - Radio Arts Foundation of St. Louis
KETC TV feature on KFUO-FM
LJY
The County of Nether Tyrone, was a historic county of Ireland located in the northwest of the country. It was merged with Upper Tyrone to form County Tyrone.
History of County Tyrone
Former counties of Ireland
Mater Dei High School is a private, Catholic, co-educational secondary school in Santa Ana, California. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange. Mater Dei is known for its strong sports programs, especially in football, and for its multiple graduates who have won the Heisman Trophy. As of 2022, the school has had 23 Gatorade Players of the Year. The Football team plays in the Southern Section Division 1, and most recently won the CIF State Championship during the 2021 season. There is a total of 25 sports teams at the school, with 71% of the athletes being on the Honor Roll.
Controversy
The school has received mixed attention in local media due in part to their method of scouting athletes from public high schools in due process of offering scholarships as a part of recruitment for their acclaimed football program.
In 2021, a lawsuit was filed alleging that systemic hazing pervaded the football program resulting in a "brutal locker room altercation." Another 2021 lawsuit alleged that two Mater Dei football players severely injured a classmate in an orchestrated attack. Orange County bishop Kevin Vann responded with a public statement supporting the school's leadership and criticizing the "media frenzy." The school announced it would commission an independent investigation into the allegations.
In January 2022, a female alumnus of Mater Dei filed a lawsuit following the surfacing accusations of hazing, alleging that she was sexually assaulted by a former football coach during the late 1980s.
Sports
Mater Dei High School's mascot are The Monarchs. They currently support over 15 Men's sport teams and 15 women sport teams:
Baseball(Varsity,JV,Freshman)
Basketball(Varsity,JV,Freshman)
Cross-Country(Varsity)
Dance Team(JV, Freshman)
Football(Varsity,JV,Freshman)
Golf(Varsity,JV)
Ice Hockey(Varsity)
Lacrosse(Varsity,JV)
Soccer(Varsity,JV,Freshman)
Swimming(Varsity)
Tennis(Varsity,JV)
Track & Field(Varsity,JV,Freshman)
Volleyball (Varsity,JV,Freshman)
Water Polo (Varsity,JV,Freshman)
Wrestling (Varsity,JV)
Notable alumni
Sports
Matt Barkley – NFL quarterback
McQuin Baron – Olympic Water Polo Player
Colt Brennan – NFL quarterback
Bol Bol- NBA Center
Schea Cotton – basketball player
JT Daniels – college football quarterback for the West Virginia Mountaineers
Thomas Duarte – NFL tight end
LeRon Ellis – NBA power forward and center
Danny Espinosa – MLB second baseman
Austin Faoliu - NFL defensive tackle
Spencer Freedman (born 1998) – college basketball player for the Harvard Crimson
Reggie Geary – NBA guard
Tiki Ghosn – Mixed martial arts fighter
Matt Grootegoed – NFL linebacker
Mike Hessman – Major League Baseball player
Vince Hizon – American-born former Philippine Basketball Association player
Khaled Holmes – NFL center
Mike Hopkins – NCAA basketball player and coach
John Huarte – Heisman Trophy winner and NFL quarterback
Sara Hughes – professional beach volleyball player
Chris Jackson (1988) – NFL wide receiver
Stanley Johnson – NBA forward
Taylor King – professional basketball player
Tyler Lamb – professional basketball player
Matt Leinart – Heisman Trophy winner and NFL quarterback
Todd Marinovich – NFL Quarterback
Ryan McMahon – MLB player
Bobby Meacham – MLB shortstop and coach
Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis – WNBA guard
Katin Reinhardt – professional basketball player
Robbie Rogers – MLS winger
Jamal Sampson – NBA forward-center
Katie Lou Samuelson – guard/forward in the WNBA
Sergio Santos – MLB relief pitcher
Miles Simon – basketball analyst for ESPN and former NBA guard
Anthony Slama – MLB relief pitcher
Olive Sagapolu - USFL Defensive Tackle
Amon-Ra St. Brown - NFL wide receiver
Ryan Stonehouse – American football punter, NCAA record holder
D. J. Strawberry – NBA point guard
Matt Treanor – MLB catcher
Michael Wang – NCAA basketball player
David Wear – NCAA basketball forward
Travis Wear – NBA basketball forward
Larry Williams – NFL football player
Max Wittek – former NCAA football quarterback
Greg Woepse – silver medalist at the 1979 Pan Am Games in the pole vault
Bryce Young – Heisman Trophy winner and college football quarterback for the Alabama Crimson Tide
Other
John A. Davis – film director/animator
Mike Gallagher (2002) – United States Congressman from Wisconsin's 8th congressional district (2017–present)
Bob Gunton – actor
Ashley Hartman – actress
Jeff Lewis – real estate agent and investor
Steve Oedekerk – film actor, comedian, director, film editor, film producer, and screenwriter
Aimee Phan – author
Mike Pniewski – actor, speaker
Jaime Soto – Bishop of the Diocese of Sacramento
Victory Tischler-Blue – singer, film producer, director, photographer, and member of the all-female band The Runaways
Jennifer Warnes – singer, songwriter, arranger, and record producer
Juan Zarate (1989) – Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (2001–2005) and Deputy National Security Advisor for Combating Terrorism (2005–2009)
Shelby Rabara – actress, voice over actress, and dancer
Josh Ovalle – director, writer, and social media personality
References
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange
Catholic secondary schools in California
High schools in Santa Ana, California
Educational institutions established in 1950
1950 establishments in California
Samuel A. Rayner (15 April 1806 – 1879) was an English landscape artist, known for his paintings of buildings and their interiors, including abbeys, churches and old mansions. He achieved the distinction of having a work accepted for exhibition at the Royal Academy at the age of 15. His wife, Ann Rayner, was an engraver on Ashford Black Marble and six of their children went on to be professional artists.
Biography
Samuel Rayner was born in 1806, at Colnbrook in Buckinghamshire (now in Berkshire); afterwards the family moved to Marylebone in London where he was possibly trained by his grandfather. By the age of fifteen, Rayner was training as a draughtsman with the antiquary John Britton when Rayner had a picture of Malmesbury Abbey accepted by the Royal Academy. A fellow student and artistic influence were George Cattermole.
Samuel Rayner and his wife, Anne Manser Rayner, founded a "painting family". In 1823, he eloped with Anne Manser, who was four years older than him and was already known as an artist. They married in 1824. Their first child was born in London but he soon died. Six of their children became painters in turn. Rayner's house was a museum in Matlock Bath in the 1830s where Louise, William Henry and Rhoda (Rose) were born. The engraving by Arthur Jewitt illustrated shows Rayner's house in Matlock Back in 1832. There are two extended entrance ways to museums in the picture. The museum on the right was John Mawe's museum whilst on the left was Vallance's Royal Centre Museum. Vallance and Rayner were in partnership. There is a view of Matlock Bath engraved by Ann Rayner which also shows their house and it is now in Buxton Museum. This engraving was made by Samuel's wife with a diamond on Ashford Black Marble which was mined locally.
Rayner's painting of the 1839 Derby Exhibition which illustrates the early years of what to become Derby Museum and Art Gallery's collections. This painting includes Joseph Wright of Derby's painting Romeo and Juliet: the tomb scene which is on the left of the back wall.
Louise Rayner is the best known of Samuel and Ann's children: her siblings were Ann ("Nancy"), Margaret, Rose, Frances, and Richard. Nancy Rayner was influenced by Octavius Oakley and she was the first to be recognised as a distinguished artist but she died of consumption at the age of 28. Samuel was elected an associate of the Society of Painters in Water Colours in 1845 but was excluded from the Society in 1851 after a financial scandal. Some of his work can be seen at Derby Museum and Art Gallery.
References
External links
Family history at the "Louise Rayner Artist" website
1806 births
1879 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
English watercolourists
Landscape artists
People from Slough
19th-century English male artists
Robert Martin Collins (17 December 1843 – 18 August 1913) was an Australian explorer, grazier, member of both the Queensland Legislative Council and the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Early life
Collins was born in December 1843 at Sydney, New South Wales, to John Collins and his wife Anne (née Martin). A year after he was born, his family moved to the Logan district of Queensland to take shares in Mundoolun, a property that a friend of his father had taken up. Collins was educated at St John's School in Brisbane and later boarded at Calder House School, Sydney.
In 1863, Collins joined his father and brother, William to form John Collins & Sons and for the next ten years he divided his time between Mundoolun and Westgrove, another property his father had purchased in 1863. In 1873, and hearing accounts of the country out west, he set out to inspect it for himself, the trip taking three months and taking him as far as Diamantina. This was but the first of many expeditions he made out west, making him known as an authority on Western Queensland.
In 1877, his family, along with Thomas McIlwraith, William Forrest, and Englishman, Sir William Ingram joined to form the North Australian Pastoral Company. The company owned large tracts of land in both Queensland and South Australia as well as Alexandria Station in the Northern Territory and Collins and his brother made regular trips to inspect and purchase land.
Political career
Collins turned to politics and in 1896, standing as an independent in the seat of Albert, he defeated the sitting member, Thomas Plunkett Sr. by a narrow margin. He served the electorate for three years before Plunkett regained the seat at the 1899 election.
In June 1913, Premier Digby Denham appointed Collins to the Legislative Council but he served only two months before his death in August of that year.
While in America, Collins heard stories of Yellowstone National Park and for many years kept closely with that park's progress. From the 1880s onwards, he fought for the preservation of the McPherson Range, and was a founder of the Queensland system of National Parks, convincing the state government to bring in to legislation laws to protect them.
Personal life
In 1879, Collins married Arabella Clotilda Smyth in Ireland and together had seven children. His sister, Anna Bertha Collins, was the wife of Sir Simon Fraser and the grandmother of Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser. As well as his pastoral interests, Collins was a director of the Bank of North Queensland and the Queensland Meat Export Co. and in 1896 was president of the Queensland Royal Geographical Society.
Collins died at Tamrookum and was buried in the Tamrookum Anglican Cemetery. A sign of his importance and the respect he held with the public was that a special train was engaged to take the hundreds of mourners from Brisbane to his funeral, returning home late that evening.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Members of the Queensland Legislative Council
1843 births
1913 deaths
Georgetown Light is an active light on North Island at the entrance to Winyah Bay southeast of Georgetown, South Carolina. The light is maintained by the U.S. Coast Guard, and the lighthouse is now under the control of State of South Carolina as part of the Tom Yawkey Wildlife Center Heritage Preserve. The lighthouse is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The original lighthouse was a cypress tower. It was destroyed by a storm in 1806. In 1812, a brick tower was built. A fourth-order Fresnel lens was installed in 1857. It was rebuilt and raised to in 1867 after suffering damage during the Civil War.
The light was automated in 1986. The focal plane is above mean high water.
References
Lighthouses completed in 1812
Houses completed in 1812
Towers completed in 1812
Lighthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Buildings and structures in Georgetown County, South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Georgetown County, South Carolina
Callimetopus cretumus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Dela Cruz and Adorada in 2012.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2012
Tell Tarby was a British television comedy series which aired in 1973. Cast included Jimmy Tarbuck, Lynda Bellingham, Josephine Tewson, Stanley Unwin and Frank Williams. All six episodes are missing, believed lost.
References
External links
Tell Tarby on IMDb
1973 British television series debuts
1973 British television series endings
Lost television shows
English-language television shows
1970s British comedy television series
Lipotropha is a genus of parasitic alveolates of the phylum Apicomplexa.
Species in this genus infect insects and myriapods.
Taxonomy
This genus was created by David Keilin in 1923.
The type species is Lipotropha macrospora.
Description
The schizogonic and sporogomic stages are intracellular.
The oocyst contains sixteen spores.
Each spore has eight sporozoites.
Host records
Parasites in this genus infect Systenus species.
References
Conoidasida
Apicomplexa genera
Parasites of arthropods
Parasites of Diptera
Wyatt Earp: Return to Tombstone is a 1994 American Western television film starring Hugh O'Brian as Wyatt Earp, featuring new footage mixed with colorized sequences from O'Brian's 1955–1961 television series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp.
The supporting cast for the new footage includes Bruce Boxleitner, Paul Brinegar, Harry Carey, Jr., Bo Hopkins, and Don Meredith. The colorized flashback archival footage from the original television series features Douglas Fowley as Doc Holliday and Lloyd Corrigan as Ned Buntline. The movie was directed by Paul Landres and Frank McDonald.
Cast
Hugh O'Brian as Wyatt Earp
Bruce Boxleitner as Sheriff Sam, Sheriff of Cochise County
Paul Brinegar as Jim "Dog" Kelly
Harry Carey, Jr. as "Digger" Phelps
Bo Hopkins as "Rattlesnake" Reynolds
Alex Hyde-White as Woodworth Clum
Martin Kove as Ed Ross
Don Meredith as Clay, The Bartender
Jay Underwood as Jack Montgomery
Douglas Fowley as John "Doc" Holliday / "Doc" Fabrique (flashback sequences)
John Anderson as Virgil Earp (flashback sequence)
Dirk London as Morgan Earp (flashback sequence)
Rayford Barnes as Joe "Ike" Clanton (flashback sequence)
Steve Brodie as Sheriff Johnny Behan (flashback sequence)
Lloyd Corrigan as Ned Buntline (flashback sequence)
References
External links
Wyatt Earp: Return to Tombstone at the Internet Movie Database
1994 television films
1994 films
Western (genre) television films
American television films
Cultural depictions of Wyatt Earp
Cultural depictions of Doc Holliday
Films based on television series
Television series reunion films
CBS network films
Films directed by Paul Landres
Films directed by Frank McDonald
The Bishan Bus Interchange is a bus interchange serving Bishan, Singapore. The interchange commenced passenger service as Bishan Bus Terminal in 1988, with Services 56 and 58. Located at Bishan Street 13, it is designed in a unique squarish configuration with the building wrapping around the bus parking area.
The Ministry of Education Language Centre (MOELC) lies across the field to the north. Passengers also able to transfer to the Circle Line from an entrance located right outside the interchange.
History
Bishan Bus Interchange opened on 30 April 1989. Built at a cost of SGD$5.5 million, it replaced the temporary bus station that had been serving the new town of Bishan since December 1985. It was among the first batch of bus interchanges built to integrate with a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station. As such, passengers can easily transfer between bus services at this interchange and the Bishan MRT station.
Design
The unusual design of Bishan Bus Interchange was even described in The New Paper as "a piece of Disneyland in Bishan". The interchange features a castle-like structure wrapping around the bus parking area. Above the interchange, there is a cafeteria as well as a car park. A children's playground and an adjoining structure that houses a coffee shop (taken over a McDonald's branch) was also constructed together with this interchange.
Bishan Bus Interchange is physically linked to the neighbouring Junction 8 and to Bishan MRT station.
Facilities
Bishan bus interchange used to feature a fast food restaurant, being the first bus interchange in Singapore to have this facility. It also features a children's playground, which was designed to complement the fast food restaurant to make the bus interchange family-friendly.
The bus interchange also houses a 560-lot car park above its premises.
Bus Contracting Model
Under the new bus contracting model, all the bus routes were split into 3 route packages: 50, 52, 54, 56 and 410 under Bishan-Toa Payoh, 57 under Bukit Merah and 53, 55, 58 and 59 under Serangoon-Eunos Bus Packages.
References
External links
Interchanges and Terminals (SBS Transit)
Buildings and structures in Bishan, Singapore
Bus stations in Singapore
Transport in Central Region, Singapore
Ogden Mills & Ruth Livingston Mills State Park, also known as Mills Memorial State Park, is a state park located in Staatsburg in Dutchess County, New York. It is off U.S. Route 9, between Rhinebeck to the north and Hyde Park to the south, at an elevation of above sea level. The park is bounded by the Hudson River on the west.
It is part of the area known as Mills-Norrie State Park, which comprises Margaret Lewis Norrie State Park and Ogden Mills & Ruth Livingston Mills State Park.
The park's central feature is Staatsburgh State Historic Site, a Beaux-Arts mansion designed by McKim, Mead, and White. Built between 1895 and 1896, the Gilded Age mansion features 65 rooms, 14 bathrooms, and 23 fireplaces. The furnished house is open for tours, programs and special events. Other park features include trails, cabins, tent sites, RV sites, fishing opportunities, picnic area, recreation programs, restaurant, cross-country skiing and sledding.
Dinsmore golf course
The park also features Dinsmore golf course, a public golf course for 9 or 18 holes. A restaurant is available.
LAT: 41.8520456591
LONG: -73.9352416992
Nearby state parks and historic sites
Margaret Lewis Norrie State Park (Dutchess County)
Staatsburgh State Historic Site (Dutchess County)
Clermont State Historic Site (Columbia County)
Olana State Historic Site (Columbia County)
Lake Taghkanic State Park (Columbia County)
James Baird State Park (Dutchess County)
See also
List of New York state parks
External links
New York State Parks: Ogden Mills & Ruth Livingston Mills State Park
References
State parks of New York (state)
Parks on the Hudson River
Parks in Dutchess County, New York
FC Kristall Sergach () was a Russian football team from Sergach. It played professionally from 1994 to 1996. Their best result was 5th place in Zone 5 of the Russian Third League in 1996.
External links
Team history at KLISF
Association football clubs established in 1994
Association football clubs disestablished in 1999
Defunct football clubs in Russia
Sport in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast
1994 establishments in Russia
1999 disestablishments in Russia
Lorna Doone: A Romance of Exmoor is a novel by English author Richard Doddridge Blackmore, published in 1869. It is a romance based on a group of historical characters and set in the late 17th century in Devon and Somerset, particularly around the East Lyn Valley area of Exmoor. In 2003, the novel was listed on the BBC's survey The Big Read.
Publication history
Blackmore experienced difficulty in finding a publisher, and the novel was first published anonymously in 1869, in a limited three-volume edition of just 500 copies, of which only 300 sold. The following year it was republished in an inexpensive one-volume edition and became a huge critical and financial success. It has never been out of print.
Reception
It received acclaim from Blackmore's contemporary, Margaret Oliphant, and as well from later Victorian writers including Robert Louis Stevenson, Gerard Manley Hopkins, and Thomas Hardy. George Gissing wrote in a letter to his brother Algernon that the novel was "quite admirable, approaching Scott as closely as anything since the latter". A favourite among females, it was also popular among male readers, and was chosen by male students at Yale in 1906 as their favourite novel.
Development of the novel
By his own account, Blackmore relied on a "phonologic" style for his characters' speech, emphasising their accents and word formation. He expended great effort, in all of his novels, on his characters' dialogues and dialects, striving to recount realistically not only the ways, but also the tones and accents, in which thoughts and utterances were formed by the various sorts of people who lived on Exmoor in the 17th century.
Blackmore incorporated real events and places into the novel. The Great Winter described in chapters 41–45 was a real event.
He himself attended Blundell's School in Tiverton which serves as the setting for the opening chapters. One of the inspirations behind the plot is said to be the shooting of a young woman at a church in Chagford, Devon, in the 17th century. Unlike the heroine of the novel, she did not survive, but is commemorated in the church. Apparently, Blackmore invented the name "Lorna", possibly drawing on a Scottish source.
According to the preface, the work is a romance and not a historical novel, because the author neither "dares, nor desires, to claim for it the dignity or cumber it with the difficulty of an historical novel." As such, it combines elements of traditional romance, of Sir Walter Scott's historical novel tradition, of the pastoral tradition, of traditional Victorian values, and of the contemporary sensation novel trend. The basis for Blackmore's historical understanding is Macaulay's History of England and its analysis of the Monmouth rebellion. Along with the historical aspects are folk traditions, such as the many legends based around both the Doones and Tom Faggus. The composer Puccini once considered using the story as the plot for an opera, but abandoned the idea.
Plot summary
John Ridd is the son of a respectable farmer in 17th century Exmoor, a region in North Devon and Somerset, England. The notorious Doone clan, once nobles and now outlaws, murdered John's father. Battling his desire for revenge, John (in West Country dialect, pronounced "Jan") too grows into a respectable farmer who cares well for his mother and sisters. He meets Lorna by accident and falls hopelessly in love. She turns out (apparently) to be the granddaughter of Sir Ensor, lord of the Doones. Sir Ensor's impetuous and now jealous heir Carver will let nothing thwart his plan to marry Lorna once he comes into his inheritance.
Sir Ensor dies, and Carver becomes lord of the Doones. John helps Lorna escape to his family's farm. Since Lorna is a Doone the Ridds have mixed feelings toward her but defend her against Carver's retaliatory attack. During a visit from the Counsellor, Carver's father and the wisest Doone, Lorna's necklace is stolen. Sir Ensor had told Lorna the necklace was her mother's. A family friend soon discovers the necklace belonged to a Lady Dugal, who was robbed and murdered by outlaws. Only her daughter survived. Lorna is not a Doone after all, but heiress to a huge fortune. By law, but against her will, she must return to London as a ward in Chancery. Despite John and Lorna's love, their marriage is out of the question.
King Charles II dies, and the Duke of Monmouth, the late king's illegitimate son, challenges Charles's brother James for the throne. Hoping to reclaim their ancestral lands, the Doones abandon their plan to marry Lorna to Carver and claim her wealth, and side with Monmouth. Monmouth is defeated at the Battle of Sedgemoor, and his associates are sought for treason. Although innocent, John Ridd is captured during the rebellion. An old friend takes John to London to clear John's name. Reunited with Lorna, John thwarts an attack on her guardian, Earl Brandir. The king then pardons John and grants him a title.
The communities around Exmoor have tired of the Doones' depredations. Knowing the Doones better than any other man, John leads the attack. All the Doone men are killed except the Counsellor and Carver, who escapes vowing revenge. When Earl Brandir dies, Lorna's new guardian allows her to return to Exmoor and marry John. Carver bursts into their wedding, shoots Lorna and flees. In a blind rage, John pursues Carver. A struggle leaves Carver sinking in a mire and John so exhausted that he can only watch as Carver dies. John discovers that Lorna has survived, and after a period of anxious uncertainty they live happily ever after.
Chronological key
The narrator, John Ridd, says he was born on 29 November 1661; in Chapter 24, he mentions Queen Anne as the current monarch, so the time of narration is 1702–1714 making him 40–52 years old. Although he celebrates New Year's Day on 1 January, at that time in England the year in terms of A.D. "begins" Annunciation Style on 25 March, so 14 February 1676 would still be 1675 according to the old reckoning. Most of the dates below are given explicitly in the book.
List of chapters, with dates where mentioned:
Elements of Education
An Important Item (29 Nov 73, 12th birthday)
The War-path of the Doones
A Rash Visit
An Illegal Settlement
Necessary Practice (Dec 73)
Hard It Is to Climb (29 Nov 75, 14 Feb 76)
A Boy and a Girl
There Is No Place Like Home
A Brave Rescue and a Rough Ride (Nov 76)
Tom Deserves His Supper (Nov 76)
A Man Justly Popular (Nov 76, Feb 77, Dec 82)
Master Huckaback Comes In (31 Dec 82)
A Motion Which Ends in a Mull (1 Jan 83)
Quo Warranto? (Jan 83)
Lorna Growing Formidable (14 Feb 83)
John Is Bewitched
Witchery Leads to Witchcraft (Mar)
Another Dangerous Interview
Lorna Begins Her Story
Lorna Ends Her Story
A Long Spring Month (Mar, Apr)
A Royal Invitation
A Safe Pass for King's Messenger
A Great Man Attends to Business
John Is Drained and Cast Aside
Home Again at Last (Aug 83?)
John Has Hope of Lorna
Reaping Leads to Revelling
Annie Gets the Best of It
John Fry's Errand
The Feeding of the Pigs
An Early Morning Call (Oct 83)
Two Negatives Make an Affirmative
Ruth Is Not Like Lorna
John Returns to Business (Nov)
A Very Desperate Venture
A Good Turn for Jeremy
A Troubled State and a Foolish Joke
Two Fools Together
Cold Comfort
The Great Winter (Dec 83)
Not Too Soon
Brought Home at Last
Change Long Needed (15 Dec 83 – 7 Mar 84)
Squire Faggus Makes Some Lucky Hits
Jeremy in Danger
Every Man Must Defend Himself
Maiden Sentinels Are Best
A Merry Meeting a Sad One
A Visit from the Counsellor
The Way To Make the Cream Rise
Jeremy Finds Out Something
Mutual Discomfiture
Getting into Chancery
John Becomes Too Popular
Lorna Knows Her Nurse
Master Huckaback's Secret
Lorna Gone Away
Annie Luckier Than John (autumn 84)
Therefore He Seeks Comfort (autumn-winter 84)
The King Must Not Be Prayed For (8 Feb 13 Jun, Jul 85)
John Is Worsted by the Women (Jul 85)
Slaughter in the Marshes (Sedgemoor, 6 Jul 85)
Falling Among Lambs
Suitable Devotion
Lorna Still Is Lorna
John Is John No Longer
Not To Be Put Up With
Compelled to Volunteer
A Long Account Settled
The Counsellor and the Carver
How To Get Out of Chancery
Blood Upon the Altar [in some editions, At the Altar] (Whittuesday 86)
Give Away the Grandeur [in some editions, Given Back]
Other versions and cultural references
Lorna Doone is also a shortbread cookie made by Mondelez.
Title character Lorna Doone, a B-movie actress in a Thomas Tryon novella was christened in honor of Blackmore's character.
Lorna Doone was said to be the favourite book of Australian bushranger and outlaw Ned Kelly, who may have thought of the idea of his armour by reading of the outlaw Doones "with iron plates on breast and head."
The phrase "Lorna Doone" is used in Cockney rhyming slang for spoon.
Lorna Doone is a character portrayed by Christine McIntyre in The Three Stooges shorts The Hot Scots and Scotched in Scotland.
The book inspired the song "Pangs of Lorna" by Kraus.
There is reference to R.D. Blackmore's Lorna Doone in John Galsworthy's play Justice (1910).
Atholl Oakeley, British wrestling promoter, was fascinated by the book, and billed Exmoor-born wrestler Jack Baltus as Carver Doone in the 1930s.
Cartoonist H. M. Brock produced a comic book adaptation of Lorna Doone for the British girls' comic Princess (1960).
"Lornadoon" (or "Lalornadoon") is the name for the forest of Lothlórien in the Lord of the Rings parody Bored of the Rings.
Lornado is the 1908 official 32-room residence of the United States Ambassador to Canada in Ottawa, Canada, that was built by Warren Y. Soper, an Ottawa industrialist, who named it in homage to one of his favorite novels, Lorna Doone.
In Lethal Weapon 3 when Roger Murtaugh and Martin Riggs are being introduced to Head of Intelligence Herman Walters and Internal Affairs Sgt Lorna Cole, Riggs derisively calls her "Lorna Doone", Murtaugh then says "Lorna COLE", apparently not recognizing the reference.
References
Further reading
Blackmore, R. D. (1908) Lorna Doone: a romance of Exmoor; Doone-land edition; with introduction and notes by H. Snowden Ward and illustrations by Mrs. Catharine Weed Ward. lii, 553 pp., plates. London: Sampson Low, Marston and Company (includes "Slain by the Doones", pp. 529–53)
Delderfield, Eric (1965?) The Exmoor Country: [a] brief guide & gazetteer; 6th ed. Exmouth: The Raleigh Press
Elliott-Cannon, A. (1969) The Lorna Doone Story''. Minehead: The Cider Press
External links
– a lavishly illustrated edition (Burrows Brothers Company, 1889)
IMDb Listing of movies based on Lorna Doone
HTML online text of Lorna Doone
Lorna Doone at Silver Sirens
1869 British novels
Novels by R. D. Blackmore
Exmoor
Novels adapted into comics
British novels adapted into films
British novels adapted into television shows
Novels set in the 1680s
Novels set in Devon
Novels set in Somerset
Novels set in Early Modern England
Literary characters introduced in 1869
Joaquín García Benavides (born June 5, 1962) is a Costa Rican slalom canoer who competed in the early 1990s. He finished 41st in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1962 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Costa Rican male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Costa Rica
Place of birth missing (living people)
Johanna Catharina Löfblad née Embeck or Enbäck (1733 – 14 September 1811), also known as Madame Gentschein and Madame Löfblad, was a Swedish stage actress. She was a member of the pioneer group of actors in the first Swedish national theatre of Bollhuset.
Life
The origin of Johanna Löfblad does not seem to be known. Her original named was Embeck or Enbäck.
Bollhuset
Johanna Embeck made her debut at the Swedish national Opera Theatre in Bollhuset in Stockholm in the 1747–48 season as the nymph Chlorix in the opera comique Syrinx by Peter Lindahl or Lars Lalin with music by Johan Ohl, opposite Elisabeth Lillström (Syrinx), Peter Lindahl (Harlequin), Petter Stenborg (Philemon), Trundman (Sylvanus) and Elisabeth Olin (Astrild).
She was one of the stars of the actors of the theater, which was the first and only Swedish language theater, founded only ten years prior to her debut.
She was a member of the board of twelve directors which was formed by the actors themselves to manage the theater, and one of four women directors alongside Elisabeth Lillström, Maria Margareta Fabritz and Sophia Catharina Murman.
During the last years of her career at the theater prior to its closure in 1754, she was known under the name Madame Gentschein after her marriage to the custom official Magnus Gentschein.
Stenborg Company
After the season of 1753-54, the Swedish theater lost its permission to use the royal Bollhuset theater building, which was transferred to the use of the French Du Londel theater by king Adolph Frederick of Sweden and queen Louisa Ulrika. The Swedish language theater split in two travelling Swedish theater companies: the company of Peter Lindahl and Johan Bergholtz, and the Stenborg Company of Petter Stenborg, which became the first two Swedish language theater companies in Sweden. Löfblad initially joined the Lindahl-Bergholtz Company, but this company did not last long, and she joined the Stenborg Company in 1758.
Johanna Löfblad became a leading member of the Stenborg Company, which was the only Swedish language theater until the 1780s and performed not only in the capital of Stockholm and the Swedish countryside but also (from 1761) in Finland, where it was the first professional theater ever to have performed.
In 1760, she divorced Magnus Gentschein and remarried her colleague Jean Löfblad (1728–1774), the male star and Harlequin actor of the Stenborg Company, and became known to the audience as Madame Löfblad.
Jean and Johanna Löfblad were the male and female star of the Stenborg Company, a status which is illustrated by their contracts, in which they are both given terms more privileged than the other members of the acting troupe but equal to each others: other than them, only Catharina Lindberg and Anders Hagendorf was given written contracts.
From the 1760 contract, they were also allowed to occasionally make their own tours, in a smaller scale, with their own acting company and a puppet theater on the Stenborg theater privilege, and in 1768, Petter Stenborg sued Jean Löfblad for having broken the terms of his contract by not sharing the profit made by the tours of him and his spouse in the Stenborg privilege. The 1768 case provides an unusual insight into the inner life of the Stenborg Company. Petter Stenborg claimed that Jean Löfblad hid the profit "with all kinds of cunning" even though Stenborg "allowed his [Löfblad's] wife to lift her salary even during her childbirths, in accordance with the contract and in acknowledgement to her talents, but still she is just as difficult to deal with as her husband, who is even so powerful as to influence his wife..." Stenborg won the case but the Löfblad couple still remained in his troupe, being the stars among his actors.
In 1774 Johanna Löfblad was widowed when her spouse died unexpectedly while getting ready for a performance, and a performance was given to her benefit "as a support for her in her poor condition."
She continued to be active in the Stenborg Company when they performed in the Humlegårdsteatern in Stockholm between 1773 and 1780.
Later career
By the time the Stenborg Company finally found a permanent theater building in the Eriksbergsteatern in Stockholm in 1780, she was no longer given main parts in the plays, but was still a popular actress, now used mostly in the numerous supporting roles of old women. She continued with this when the Stenborg Company moved in to the Stenborg Theatre in 1784.
When the Det besynnerliga spektaklet ('Odd Spectacle') was arranged by the dramatic Didrik Björn in the season of 1790-91, in which the actors of the theater expressed their appreciation of the audience in the shape of their most popular roles, Johanna Löfblad did so in the character of Gertrud from Njugg spar, a role she had first made in the 1784–85 season.
Johanna Löfblad retired after the 1795-96 season, after having had the longest career of all the actors of the original national theater of Bollhuset, as well as any other 18th-century Swedish actor, male or female. She had her own apartment in the building of the Stenborg Theater and was apparently supported by Carl Stenborg. In 1799, however, the Stenborg Theater was closed and Carl Stenborg himself countered economic troubles, and she lived her last years in a poor house in Stockholm, where she died.
References
Byström, Tryggve, Svenska komedien 1737-1754: en studie i Stockholmsteaterns historia, Norstedt, Stockholm, 1981
Johan Flodmark: Stenborgska skådebanorna: bidrag till Stockholms teaterhistoria, Norstedt, Stockholm, 1893
1733 births
Swedish theatre directors
1811 deaths
18th-century Swedish actresses
Swedish stage actresses
Age of Liberty people
Axonolaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Araeolaimida.
Genera
Genera:
Aequalodontium Smolyanko & Belogurov, 1993
Alaimonema
Anplostoma
References
Nematodes
The bronzy jacamar (Galbula leucogastra) is a species of bird in the family Galbulidae. It occurs in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The bronzy jacamar is monotypic. It and purplish jacamar (Galbula chalcothorax) were formerly considered conspecific; they now form a superspecies. Birds in eastern Brazil along the Tapajós River were suggested as a subspecies but were not accepted as such. In addition, the species is thought to have hybridized with green-tailed jacamar (G. galbula) in Suriname.
Description
The bronzy jacamar is long and weighs . The male's crown and face are dark metallic greenish blue. The rest of the upper parts and the breast are metallic bronzy green and sometimes have a slight purple gloss. It has a black chin and white throat and belly; the latter appears speckled with black. The female differs by having the sides of the face dark gray and the throat and belly buff or yellowish.
Distribution and habitat
According to a 2016 map, the bronzy jacamar is found in southern Venezuela, far eastern Colombia, much of west-central Brazil, far northern Bolovia, and far southeastern Peru. However, there are eBird reports across southern Colombia and one in Ecuador since then that have not been further evaluated.
The bronzy jacamar is found in a wide variety of habitats. Cornell University's Birds of the World describes them as "Edges and clearings of primary and secondary terra firme and várzea (igapó) forests, white-sand campinarana in Amazonia, wooded savannas and (at least in coastal French Guiana) marshes scattered with woodlots, regularly along streams and rivers in lowlands; locally to 900 m [2950 ft]. Occurs locally in gallery forest, dry forest and cerrado in Brazil, where it occupies light undergrowth and open lower canopies."
Behavior
Feeding
The bronzy jacamar's diet includes a wide variety of flying insects, but "perhaps fewer Lepidoptera or Odonata than do other Galbula species." It perches on exposed branches by itself or in small groups, typically between high, and sallies out to catch its prey. It sometimes joins mixed-species foraging flocks.
Breeding
Three bronzy jacamar nests have been described. Two of them were in arboreal termite nests and the third was in a epiphytic bromeliad on a tree trunk. At one in a termite nest both adults fed the nestling; at the bromeliad nest the female fed the nestlings.
Vocalization
The bronzy jacamar apparently has two songs. One is "ascending and accelerating whistling notes" that end with a trill . The other is described as "weeee, weep-pip-pweeeeee, weep-pip-pweeeeee, weep-pip-pweeeeee" . A call is .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the bronzy jacamar as being of The Least Concern. It appears to be uncommon in most of its range and "may suffer to some extent from overall habitat loss."
References
External links
Bronzy jacamar photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
bronzy jacamar
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Guianas
bronzy jacamar
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cobria biroi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1953. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1953
The Braille pattern dots-26 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the middle left and bottom right dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the upper-middle left and lower-middle right dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2822, and in Braille ASCII with the number 5.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-26 is used to represent an unrounded open-mid to close-mid front vowel , such as /e/, /e̞/, or /ɛ/ when multiple letters correspond to these values, a question mark, or is otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-26 are Braille patterns 267, 268, and 2678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 38, 138, 348, and 1348 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-26, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 026, 267, and 0267 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 38, 138, 348, or 1348
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-26 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 肉
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + ⺼ = 血
- selector 4 + ⺼ = 皿
- selector 5 + ⺼ = 奐
- selector 6 + ⺼ = 孟
- ⺼ + selector 2 = 臍
- 比 + ⺼ = 互
Compounds of 肉 and ⺼
- よ/广 + ⺼ = 腐
- ろ/十 + ⺼ = 朝
- 囗 + ⺼ = 嘲
- よ/广 + ろ/十 + ⺼ = 廟
- き/木 + ⺼ = 棚
- ⺼ + ろ/十 = 肋
- ち/竹 + ⺼ = 筋
- そ/馬 + ⺼ = 肖
- ま/石 + ⺼ = 硝
- む/車 + ⺼ = 蛸
- ⺼ + ぬ/力 = 削
- や/疒 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 峭
- る/忄 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 悄
- き/木 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 梢
- の/禾 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 稍
- え/訁 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 誚
- は/辶 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 趙
- ひ/辶 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 逍
- か/金 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 銷
- ち/竹 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 霄
- と/戸 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 鞘
- せ/食 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 鮹
- と/戸 + ⺼ = 肩
- め/目 + ⺼ = 肴
- に/氵 + め/目 + ⺼ = 淆
- た/⽥ + ⺼ = 胃
- え/訁 + ⺼ = 謂
- れ/口 + た/⽥ + ⺼ = 喟
- に/氵 + た/⽥ + ⺼ = 渭
- む/車 + た/⽥ + ⺼ = 蝟
- ⺼ + 龸 = 肌
- ⺼ + 比 = 肘
- ⺼ + か/金 = 肝
- ⺼ + の/禾 = 股
- ⺼ + は/辶 = 肢
- ⺼ + ひ/辶 = 肥
- ⺼ + ほ/方 = 肪
- ⺼ + し/巿 = 肺
- ⺼ + 日 = 胆
- ⺼ + ⺼ + 日 = 膽
- ⺼ + き/木 = 背
- ⺼ + な/亻 = 胎
- ⺼ + い/糹/#2 = 胤
- ⺼ + と/戸 = 胴
- ⺼ + も/門 = 胸
- ⺼ + に/氵 = 脂
- ⺼ + ね/示 = 脇
- ⺼ + み/耳 = 脈
- ⺼ + 仁/亻 = 脊
- や/疒 + ⺼ + 仁/亻 = 瘠
- み/耳 + ⺼ + 仁/亻 = 蹐
- ⺼ + さ/阝 = 脚
- ⺼ + け/犬 = 脛
- ⺼ + 宿 = 脱
- ⺼ + ち/竹 = 脳
- ⺼ + ⺼ + ち/竹 = 腦
- ⺼ + た/⽥ = 脾
- ⺼ + ゑ/訁 = 腎
- ⺼ + う/宀/#3 = 腕
- ⺼ + ふ/女 = 腰
- ⺼ + 数 = 腸
- ⺼ + ⺼ + 数 = 膓
- ⺼ + す/発 = 腹
- ⺼ + 囗 = 膈
- ⺼ + え/訁 = 膏
- ⺼ + く/艹 = 膜
- ⺼ + 氷/氵 = 膝
- ⺼ + む/車 = 膠
- ⺼ + れ/口 = 膳
- ⺼ + お/頁 = 膵
- ⺼ + よ/广 = 膺
- ⺼ + こ/子 = 臀
- ⺼ + ま/石 = 臂
- ⺼ + ら/月 = 髄
- ⺼ + ⺼ + ら/月 = 膸
- ⺼ + 宿 + そ/馬 = 羸
- ⺼ + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 肓
- ⺼ + 宿 + つ/土 = 肚
- ⺼ + こ/子 + selector 1 = 肛
- ⺼ + selector 6 + 仁/亻 = 肬
- ⺼ + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 肭
- ⺼ + 宿 + ろ/十 = 肱
- ⺼ + ろ/十 + は/辶 = 胖
- ⺼ + 宿 + さ/阝 = 胙
- ⺼ + selector 4 + ふ/女 = 胚
- ⺼ + 数 + こ/子 = 胛
- ⺼ + selector 1 + ん/止 = 胝
- ⺼ + 宿 + よ/广 = 胥
- ⺼ + 宿 + け/犬 = 胯
- ⺼ + 龸 + selector 2 = 胱
- ⺼ + 宿 + と/戸 = 胼
- ⺼ + く/艹 + さ/阝 = 脆
- ⺼ + 氷/氵 + selector 4 = 脉
- ⺼ + selector 4 + ろ/十 = 脣
- ⺼ + 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 脩
- ⺼ + selector 6 + ほ/方 = 脯
- ⺼ + た/⽥ + り/分 = 腆
- ⺼ + 龸 + な/亻 = 腋
- ⺼ + selector 4 + 火 = 腓
- ⺼ + う/宀/#3 + き/木 = 腔
- ⺼ + う/宀/#3 + ゆ/彳 = 腟
- ⺼ + 日 + い/糹/#2 = 腥
- ⺼ + 龸 + り/分 = 腫
- ⺼ + た/⽥ + 心 = 腮
- ⺼ + は/辶 + ふ/女 = 腱
- ⺼ + selector 3 + ゆ/彳 = 腴
- ⺼ + 日 + 氷/氵 = 腺
- ⺼ + ひ/辶 + や/疒 = 腿
- ⺼ + 宿 + ほ/方 = 膀
- ⺼ + ほ/方 + ゆ/彳 = 膂
- ⺼ + 宿 + て/扌 = 膊
- ⺼ + 囗 + へ/⺩ = 膕
- ⺼ + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 膣
- ⺼ + ち/竹 + せ/食 = 膤
- ⺼ + 囗 + い/糹/#2 = 膩
- ⺼ + の/禾 + た/⽥ = 膰
- ⺼ + り/分 + え/訁 = 膾
- ⺼ + た/⽥ + ろ/十 = 膿
- ⺼ + 宿 + り/分 = 臉
- ⺼ + ち/竹 + の/禾 = 臑
- ⺼ + 囗 + け/犬 = 臙
- ⺼ + 宿 + た/⽥ = 臚
- え/訁 + 宿 + ⺼ = 臠
- ⺼ + 宿 + を/貝 = 贏
- ⺼ + 宿 + ら/月 = 髓
- ⺼ + し/巿 + く/艹 = 黶
Compounds of 血
- る/忄 + ⺼ = 恤
- ⺼ + そ/馬 = 衆
- せ/食 + ⺼ + そ/馬 = 鰥
- に/氵 + selector 1 + ⺼ = 洫
- ぬ/力 + selector 1 + ⺼ = 衂
- そ/馬 + selector 1 + ⺼ = 衄
Compounds of 皿
- つ/土 + ⺼ = 塩
- つ/土 + つ/土 + ⺼ = 鹽
- に/氵 + ⺼ = 温
- 心 + に/氵 + ⺼ = 薀
- ぬ/力 + ⺼ = 盆
- り/分 + ⺼ = 益
- い/糹/#2 + ⺼ = 縊
- さ/阝 + ⺼ = 隘
- え/訁 + り/分 + ⺼ = 謚
- か/金 + り/分 + ⺼ = 鎰
- ん/止 + ⺼ = 盗
- ん/止 + ん/止 + ⺼ = 盜
- せ/食 + ⺼ = 盛
- 日 + ⺼ = 盟
- す/発 + ⺼ = 監
- 氷/氵 + ⺼ = 濫
- ふ/女 + ⺼ = 艦
- 心 + ⺼ = 藍
- か/金 + ⺼ = 鑑
- か/金 + か/金 + ⺼ = 鑒
- な/亻 + す/発 + ⺼ = 儖
- き/木 + す/発 + ⺼ = 檻
- ち/竹 + す/発 + ⺼ = 籃
- い/糹/#2 + す/発 + ⺼ = 繿
- ね/示 + す/発 + ⺼ = 襤
- の/禾 + ⺼ = 盤
- く/艹 + ⺼ = 蘊
- ふ/女 + selector 4 + ⺼ = 盃
- る/忄 + 宿 + ⺼ = 慍
- き/木 + 宿 + ⺼ = 楹
- 心 + 宿 + ⺼ = 榲
- や/疒 + 宿 + ⺼ = 瘟
- か/金 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盂
- ゐ/幺 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盈
- つ/土 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盍
- ⺼ + り/分 + 囗 = 盒
- 囗 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盞
- に/氵 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盥
- ⺼ + に/氵 + 数 = 盪
- ⺼ + 宿 + ⺼ = 膃
- む/車 + 宿 + ⺼ = 蠱
- ね/示 + 宿 + ⺼ = 褞
- せ/食 + 宿 + ⺼ = 饂
- せ/食 + 龸 + ⺼ = 鰛
- せ/食 + う/宀/#3 + ⺼ = 鰮
Compounds of 奐
- れ/口 + ⺼ = 喚
- て/扌 + ⺼ = 換
- 火 + ⺼ = 煥
- に/氵 + 龸 + ⺼ = 渙
Compounds of 孟
- け/犬 + ⺼ = 猛
Compounds of 互
- 氷/氵 + 比 + ⺼ = 冱
- に/氵 + 比 + ⺼ = 沍
- た/⽥ + 比 + ⺼ = 疉
Other compounds
- し/巿 + ⺼ = 帥
- ⺼ + つ/土 = 爪
- て/扌 + ⺼ + つ/土 = 抓
- ひ/辶 + ⺼ + つ/土 = 爬
- ち/竹 + ⺼ + つ/土 = 笊
Notes
Braille patterns
The Pedestrian Bridge over the Petite Decharge River, one of the tributaries of the Saguenay River in Alma, Quebec, Canada is the first pedestrian bridge made from friction stir welded aluminium panels in Canada. The bridge was inaugurated on 29 December 2016 for the celebration of the 150th anniversary of the City of Alma.
Construction
The Pedestrian Bridge over the Petite Decharge River was commissioned by the City of Alma to replace a worn concrete bridge at the same location. The construction project was conducted by Construction Proco Inc. in Saint-Nazaire and the Quebec Metallurgy Center in Trois-Rivieres in collaboration with the REGAL Aluminium Research Centre in Chicoutimi.
As requested in the tender, the bridge deck was made from prefabricated, friction stir welded aluminium panels. Ten panels with a size of were welded on a large friction stir welding machine in Chicoutimi from 10 hollow extrusions each. Each panel was first welded from one side, then turned around and welded from the other side. The flash was removed by manual grinding.
References
Alma, Quebec
Bridges in Quebec
Friction stir welding
Corrhenes nigrithorax is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by McKeown in 1942. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1942
Mark Frazier is an American born artist, painter, body painter and photographer. His work has been seen in film, television, private collections and print.
Early life
Mark Frazier was born in West Covina, California on December 1, 1956 to Ralph and Doris Frazier. His father worked during the school year as a biology teacher and spent summers as a national park ranger taking the family to parks all over the western United States. His mother was an accomplished artist introducing him to the works of many California plein air painters and the late expressionist painter, LeRoy Neiman.
He attended Claremont McKenna College majoring in biochemistry but soon found his true passion in fine arts and eventually completed his studies at Cal Poly Pomona University. The works of Neiman and Roger Dean inspired Mark to change path and pursue a career in the Arts.
Career
Starting in the early 1980s Mark became known around Los Angeles and New York for painting photo realistic backgrounds for photography studios. This led to the chance encounter with the staff at Playboy Studio West and eventually Hugh Hefner where he was asked to figure out how to bodypaint realistic lingerie onto live models for Hef's exclusive events at the Playboy Mansion.
Mark Frazier officially began his body painting career in 1987. He has worked as the bodypainter at every Playboy Party at the Playboy Mansion since the mid 1990s.
His paintings, body paintings and photographs have been seen in and on; A&E, Nat Geo, 20th Century FOX, NBC, Showtime, CBS, HBO, Fox Television Studios, Alta Loma Entertainment, Prometheus Entertainment, Evolution Media, MTV, E!, WE, KLOS, Entourage, Biography, History Channel, A Band Apart Productions, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Kandy Magazine, Black Men's Magazine, Quentin Tarantino, Playboy Magazine, Playboy.com, Playboy Special Editions, Playboy Mexico, Playboy Czech, Playboy Slovakia, Playboy Radio, Playboy Home Video, The Girls Next Door, Kendra on Top, Botched (tv series), Yard Barker, Badger Airbrush, Ben Nye Makeup, Benchwarmer, Sunset Tan, The Tom Leykis Show, Gay Pride LA, The Dinah, The Adam Carolla Show, Miller Beer, Budweiser, Daren Metropoulos, Papst Blue Ribbon, Colt 45, Bacardi, Nike, Coca-Cola, Red Bull, Sol Cerveza, Mandalay Bay, Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, The Palms Casino Resort, The Playboy Club, Diana Ross, Southern California Edison, Edison International, Reef Brazil, Football Hall of Fame, Cartoon Network, LA Weekly, The Los Angeles MOCA, Arron Carter, Snoop Lion (Dogg), Wil Smith, and Greenlaw Partners.
Mark worked for years with legendary photographers Stephen Wayda of Playboy and the inventive Jack Eadon developing his own style and techniques of photography. After doing work for Hugh Hefner's personal collection which included paintings and photographs, Hef (who had only trusted film cameras up to this point) selected him to do the first digital photography for Playboy magazine shooting the October 2001 issue of the magazine and then many featured pictorials. Hef's nickname for Mark “the Wizard” stuck around the Playboy organization and in turn The Hollywood crowd.
Mark's fine art paintings are currently on exhibit at various galleries and collections across the United States. His main gallery is in Laguna Beach CA
In 2007 Mark was listed as #46 in the Time Magazine Alt Most Influential People in the World List for his hand in creating the modern style and techniques in bodypainting and digital photography.
He is credited with discovering several well known personalities including reality TV star Kendra Wilkinson, and helping guide Madonna Ciccone's transition from The Breakfast Club (band) to a solo career as Emmy in the band Emmy and the Emmys and then Madonna.
Personal life
Mark is married to Susan Frazier. They have two grown children, Michael Frazier and Dr. Megan Frazier. All are accomplished artists; having worked on many high-profile art projects as a family and as individuals.
References
1956 births
Living people
American artists
Shoemaker Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of German Flatts in Herkimer County, east of Mohawk.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Deepti Hajela is an American journalist who has been a newswoman for the Associated Press since 1996. She works in the New York bureau of the AP, covering a wide range of stories in the metropolitan region. In addition to breaking news and feature stories, she occasionally does music and book reviews (including quick-turnaround reviews of some of the Harry Potter books in the days after their release). She was president of the South Asian Journalists Association from 2005–2008.
Hajela is a 1996 graduate of Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism.
Notes
1970s births
Journalists from New Jersey
Living people
Medill School of Journalism alumni
American women journalists
American writers of Indian descent
American sportswriters
21st-century American women
Laurentian Regional High School () is an English secondary school in Lachute in the region of Laurentides, Québec, Canada. It contains classes for grades seven through eleven, and is run by the Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board.
It serves Lachute, Boileau, Brownsburg-Chatham, Gore, Grenville, Grenville-sur-la-Rouge, Harrington, Lac-des-Seize-Îles, Mille-Isles, Morin-Heights, Namur, Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours, Notre-Dame-de-la-Paix, Prévost, Saint-Andre-d'Argenteuil, Saint-Colomban, Saint-Hippolyte, Saint-Jérôme, Saint-Sauveur, Saint-Sauveur-des-Monts, Sainte-Adèle, Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs, Saint-Émile-de-Suffolk, Sainte-Marguerite-Estérel, Sainte-Sophie, Wentworth, Wentworth-Nord, almost all of Montcalm, northern sections of Mirabel, sections of Saint-Adolph-d'Howard, and a portion of Chénéville.
LRHS was built in 1967 and graduated its first class in 1968. It graduates around 150 students a year and has an average of around 900-1100 students each school year. The school motto is Learning and Respect Harvest Success. Their Rugby Team is known as the Celts. The program has grown over the past 8 years to produce over 20 young players to represent Québec in the Canadian National Rugby Festival since 2009.
References
External links
Laurentian Regional High School
English-language schools in Quebec
Educational institutions established in 1968
High schools in Quebec
Lachute
School buildings completed in 1967
1968 establishments in Quebec
Schools in Laurentides
Strandby is a village in western Himmerland with a population of 268 (1. January 2022). Strandby is located near Ertebølle between Risgårde Bredning in Limfjorden one kilometer west and Farsø nine kilometers to the east.
The village is located in the North Jutland region and belongs to Vesthimmerland Municipality. Strandby is located in Strandby parish.
Strandby Church is located in the village.
References
Towns and settlements in Vesthimmerland Municipality
Geography of Denmark
Princess Sinaitakala Tukuʻaho (née Sinaitakala Tu'imatamoana 'i Fanakavakilangi Fakafānua; 20 March 1987) is a Tongan royal and wife of the Crown Prince of Tonga, Tupoutoʻa ʻUlukalala, whom she married on 12 July 2012.
Family
Princess Sinaitakala is the daughter of late Kinikinilau Tūtoatasi, 7th Lord Fakafānua and estate holder of Ma'ufanga, and Princess Sinaitakala 'Ofeina-'e-he-Langi Fakafānua. She has two brothers, current 8th Lord Fakafānua, Fatafehi Kinikinilau Lolomānaʻia and Fakaola mei Langi ʻItafuaʻatonga Tūtoatasi Fakafānua.
Through her mother, she is a member of the Tongan royal family and, of her own right, in line to the country's throne.
Marriage
Controversy
The marriage caused controversy in Tonga, since Fakafānua and Crown Prince Tupoutoʻa ʻUlukalala are double second cousins. That is, her parents are each the first cousin of the King:
Fakafanua's father is a son of Kalolaine Ahomeʻe, sister to the Queen Mother Halaevalu, (born Halaevalu Mataʻaho ʻAhomeʻe).
Her mother, Princess Sinaitakala 'Ofeina, is the daughter of Prince Sione Ngū Manumataongo Uelingatoni Tukuʻaho (known as The Prince Fatafehi Tuʻipelehake), Prime Minister of Tonga (1965–1991) and a niece to King Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV.
The wedding was opposed by some members of the royal family, reportedly due to the close genetic relationship of the couple. Most notable in opposition of the wedding was Hon. Frederica Filipe who took to the media and social media to voice opposition of the marriage.
Wedding ceremony
Sinaitakala Fakafanua married the Crown Prince at the Centenary Church of the Free Wesleyan Church of Tonga in Nuku'alofa on 12 July 2012. The wedding marked the first marriage of a Tongan crown prince in sixty-five years. Sinaitakala was 25 years old at the time of her wedding.
Issue
Her son, Prince Taufaʻahau Manumataongo, was born on 10 May 2013 and is second in the line of succession to the Tongan throne, after his father. On 12 July 2014, the Crown Princess gave birth to a daughter, Princess Halaevalu Mataʻaho who is third in the line of succession. On 20 March 2018, her 31st birthday, Crown Princess Sinaitakala gave birth to her third child and second daughter, Princess Nanasipauʻu Eliana, at the Auckland City Hospital in New Zealand.
On 25 February 2021, Crown Princess Sinaitakala gave birth to her fourth child and third daughter, Princess Salote Mafile'o Pilolevu, at the Calvary Hospital in Canberra.
Honours
Two Sicilian Royal Family: Dame Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Francis I
References
External links
Engagement photos.
1987 births
Living people
Tongan nobles
Tongan royalty
Princesses by marriage
20th-century Tongan people
20th-century Tongan women
21st-century Tongan people
21st-century Tongan women
Tongan princesses
Natalia Sergeyevna Romaniuta (; born 26 May 1982) is a Russian ice dancer. She is a two-time (2000, 2001) World Junior champion with Daniil Barantsev.
Career
Early in her career, Romaniuta competed with Evgeni Zagovalko.
Romaniuta teamed up with Daniil Barantsev in 1996. They began competing on the ISU Junior Series in 1997, winning a silver medal and placing 4th at their two events. They qualified for their first ISU Junior Grand Prix Final, where they finished 5th. They placed 7th in their first appearance at the World Junior Championships.
The following season, Romaniuta / Barantsev won gold and silver on JGP series and qualified for their second Final, where they took the bronze medal. They finished their season with bronze at the 1999 World Junior Championships.
In 1999–2000, Romaniuta / Barantsev won gold in every junior-level they entered, including the JGP Final and the 2000 World Junior Championships. They also made their senior international debut at the 2000 World Championships in Nice, France, finishing 16th.
In 2000–2001, they competed on the senior Grand Prix series, finishing 6th and 9th at their two events. They were sent again to Junior Worlds and took their second gold medal at the event.
In the 2001–2002 season, Romaniuta / Barantsev competed a second season on the Grand Prix series, winning bronze at the 2001 Sparkassen Cup and placing 5th at 2001 Cup of Russia. They were assigned to the 2002 European Championships but withdrew from the event.
Barantsev left the partnership in 2002. Romaniuta briefly teamed up with Arseni Markov but the partnership did not last.
Personal life
Romaniuta was born in Hungary because her father was serving there in the Soviet army, but was raised in Yekaterinburg. Romaniuta is married and gave birth to a son, Egor, in 2004.
Programs
(with Barantsev)
Competitive highlights
(with Barantsev)
References
External links
Romaniuta & Barantsev official site
Navigation
Russian female ice dancers
Living people
1982 births
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
South Tibet is a claimed area by China with the literal translation of the Chinese term '' (), which may refer to different geographic areas:
The southern part of Tibet, covering the middle reaches of the Yarlung Tsangpo River Valley between Saga County to the west and Mainling County to the east, as well as neighbouring areas located between the Himalayas to the south and the Transhimalayas range to the north. The region extends around 1,000 km from west to east and 300 km from north to south. By this definition, South Tibet includes most of modern-day Shigatse, Lhasa, Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture and Nyingchi Prefecture.
South Tibet may also refer to a shorter section of the Yarlung Tsangpo and tributaries covering most of Lhoka and Nyingchi Prefectures from the confluence with the Lhasa River to the west up to the beginning of the Yarlung Tsangpo Grand Canyon near Mainling County to the east.
When used in relation to the Sino-Indian border dispute, South Tibet is a term mainly used by the People's Republic of China to refer to an area south of the McMahon Line currently administered by India as parts of the states of Arunachal Pradesh. This region was recognised by Tibet as belonging to British India under the McMahon Line agreement (part of the 1914 Simla Convention). The PRC does not recognise the McMahon Line and claims that the area is a part of the Tibet Autonomous Region instead. According to Hsiao-ting Lin, a scholar from Taiwan, and other scholars, both the British and the Chinese claim to sovereignty over the area can be deemed "largely imaginary", reflected only in official maps and political propagandas.
References
Geography of Tibet
China–India border
The men's bantamweight (54 kg/118.8 lbs) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the second lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and was one of the smallest involving just four fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
The tournament gold medal position was won by Jordan Vasilev from Bulgaria who defeated Emil Karimov from Azerbaijan in the final by split decision. Defeated semi finalists, Boban Marinkovic and Mokhmad Betmirzaev from Serbia and Russia respectively, won bronze medals for their efforts.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
John Lynch (born Lambeth 1735 – died Canterbury 1803) was an English churchman, Archdeacon of Canterbury from 1788 until his death on 1 May 1803.
The son of John Lynch (1697–1760), he was educated at Christ Church, Oxford, matriculating there in 1753, and graduating B.A. in 1757. He held livings at All Hallows, Bread Street and St Dionis Backchurch, both in the City of London.
References
1735 births
1803 deaths
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Archdeacons of Canterbury
People from Lambeth
David Ryan Just (born December 16, 1974) is an American behavioral economist at Cornell University.
Just received his Ph.D. from University of California, Berkeley, in 2001, after which he joined the Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management at Cornell University as an assistant professor; he was appointed professor in 2014.
As of 2018 he had authored or co-authored around 100 peer-reviewed publications and had written a textbook, “Introduction to Behavioral Economics.” Over a dozen of Just's papers with Brian Wansink (formerly professor at Cornell's Dyson School) were retracted.
References
1974 births
Behavioral economists
21st-century American economists
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Cornell University faculty
Andigena, the mountain toucans, is a genus of birds in the family Ramphastidae. They are found in humid highland forests in the Andes of South America, ranging from Bolivia to Venezuela. These medium-sized toucans all have olive-brown upperparts, a black crown, yellow rump, blue-grey underparts and a red vent.
Taxonomy and systematics
Extant species
Former species
Some authorities, either presently or formerly, recognize additional species or subspecies as species belonging to the genus Andigena including:
Saffron toucanet (as Andigena bailloni)
References
Restall, R. L., C. Rodner, & M. Lentino. (2006). Birds of Northern South America. Christopher Helm, London. (vol. 1). (vol. 2).
Schulenberg, T., D. Stotz, D. Lane, J. O' Neill, & T. Parker III. 2007. Birds of Peru. Christopher Helm, London.
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by John Gould
The black antshrike (Thamnophilus nigriceps) is a species of insectivorous bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Colombia and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
The black antshrike was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1869 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus nigriceps.
References
black antshrike
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Panama
black antshrike
black antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hibbs is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Albert Hibbs, American mathematician
Ben Hibbs (1901–1975), American writer and editor
Harry Hibbs (footballer) (1906–1984), English footballer
Harry Hibbs (musician) (1942–1989), Canadian musician
Jesse Hibbs (1906–1985), American film and television director
Jim Hibbs (born 1944), American baseball player
Loren Hibbs (born 1961), American baseball player and coach
Robert John Hibbs (1943–1966), American military officer and Medal of Honor recipient
See also
W. B. Hibbs and Company Building, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
KXTV/KOVR/KCRA Tower is a guy-wired aerial mast for the transmission of FM radio and television programs in Walnut Grove, California. Construction began on the KOVR/KCRA Tower in 1959, and the tower was completed in 1961. At that time it was one of the tallest structures in the world.
When built, it stood alone as a landmark visible from great distances, so for years it was popularly known as The Walnut Grove Tower. It is also known as Transtower. Three taller masts have since been constructed in the area that tend to be more visible because their white strobe lighting catches the eye more readily than the older tower's more traditional red lighting—though this tower is the only one painted red and white. The newer towers in the area are all simple vertical steel, but this older tower has a distinctive triangular "candelabra" platform at the top that reflects the original purpose of the tower as a world-class transmission facility for the three major stations then covering the Sacramento-Stockton-Modesto media market. One corner of the triangle held the antenna for KCRA (since moved to the taller Hearst-Argyle Tower), and the other two held the antennas of KOVR and KXTV (since moved to the taller KXTV/KOVR Tower), which is also a candelabra, though with a less wide top than this one. KCRA-TV began transmitting from this tower in January 1962. KXTV is no longer a partner or tenant on the tower.
KXTV filmed portions of its 1964 "KXTV Country" promotion atop the tower. The station's top manager addressed viewers from a tower platform. Also aloft, a musician sang a rendition of the '49er chanty "Banks of the Sacramento" which was modified to refer to the tower: "High in a tower in the western sky."
Current tenants
KSPX-TV Ch. 29/48
KCRA Ch. 3/35 (Backup site)
KMAX Ch 31/21 (backup site)
KOVR Ch 13/25 (backup site)
KEAR-FM 88.1&;MHz
See also
List of masts
List of the tallest structures in the United States
External links
http://www.fybush.com/sites/2005/site-051111.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20051126220000/http://www.sbe124.org/Tours/Sacramento/Tall_Tower/
Buildings and structures in Sacramento County, California
Towers in California
Radio masts and towers in the United States
Towers completed in 1962
1962 establishments in California
Logitech Media Server (formerly SlimServer, SqueezeCenter and Squeezebox Server) is a streaming audio server supported by Logitech (formerly Slim Devices), developed in particular to support their Squeezebox range of digital audio receivers.
The software is designed for streaming music over a network, allowing users to play their music collections from virtually anywhere there is an Internet connection. It supports audio formats including MP3, FLAC, WAV, Ogg, Opus, and AAC, as well as transcoding. It can stream to both software and hardware receivers, including the various Squeezebox models, as well as any media player capable of playing MP3 streams. Plugins from Logitech and third-party sources are also supported, allowing additional functionality to be added, and there is integration with Logitech's mysqueezebox.com online service. Logitech Media Server supports grouping clients in order to synchronize playback among all clients within a group.
Logitech Media Server is free software, released under the terms of the GNU General Public License. While no longer distributed in conjunction with any Logitech hardware product, LMS continues to be developed.
Compatible players
Hardware
Logitech's own Squeezebox hardware players existed in a variety of configurations, offering wired and wireless Ethernet, analog and digital audio outputs, touchscreen interfaces and a variety of remote controlled options. Logitech discontinued their hardware players in 2012.
Logitech Media Server also works with networked music players, such as the Roku SoundBridge M1001, although Logitech does not officially support these competing products. Chumby devices also support streaming music from a Logitech Media Server, as does the Rio Receiver when running replacement software to emulate the SliMP3 device, although it is limited to modest bitrates (<128kps). In late 2015 support was added via a plugin to use Google's Chromecast Audio device as a headless player which can then be connected to any audio system or powered speakers.
Recently the O2 Joggler has proven a popular device for running Logitech's open source SqueezePlay software, providing a similar interface to the Squeezebox Touch on a 7" display.
The Raspberry PI, using the piCorePlayer streams from LMS and in some cases LMS is run on the Raspberry PI too.
The SqueezeAMP, a free open source hardware player.
Software
SqueezePlay is based on SqueezeOS, the operating system that drives the hardware devices Squeezebox Duet, Radio and Touch. Written in Lua, it is also open-source software and sees regular updates through Logitech's SVN releases. There is also a free software emulator version of the Squeezebox, called Softsqueeze, which is written in Java and can be run easily as an applet inside a web page. A third player, SqueezeSlave, is also available, which operates similarly but without any display. SqueezeSlave is designed to be run on a server connected to an amplifier/speakers, and can be controlled through the standard Logitech Media Server web interface. At this time, SqueezeSlave is incompatible with Logitech's Spotify plugin due to a lack of support for 'direct streaming'.
In 2012, work began on Squeezelite, a cross-platform, headless, LMS client that supports playback synchronization, gapless playback, direct streaming (for use with Spotify, etc.), and playback at various sampling rates.
In 2019, Squeezelite has been ported to the ESP32 WiFi/BT chipset and works on WROVER and ESP-A1S module or any board that includes an ESP32 and 4MB of SRAM (e.g. SqueezeAMP)
There is as well three free open source "bridges" that allow UPnP/DLNA, ChromeCast and AirPlay devices to appear as regular SB players. AirPlay devices can be synchronized with other SB players. Chromecast groups are recognized as well as Sonos (UPnP) group, but they can only play synchronously within their own respective brand.
Server hardware and plugins
The Logitech Media Server software is written in Perl, and will run on Linux, Microsoft Windows, Apple Macintosh, BSD, and piCorePlayer platforms.
Logitech Media Server itself can run on a number of NAS devices, such as QNAP Turbo NAS, Synology Disk Station, Netgear ReadyNAS, Buffalo Linkstation, Linksys NSLU2, THECUS N5200 & N7700, Xtreamer eTRAYz and any device running FreeNAS software. Logitech Media Server also comes pre-installed on the VortexBox Linux distribution and VortexBox appliance. This generally results in lower energy consumption than running Logitech Media Server on a personal computer, whilst offering the same feature set (albeit with a slightly less responsive web interface under certain circumstances). Some NAS devices may require more effort than others to get Logitech Media Server running, though. Logitech only supports the Netgear ReadyNAS NAS devices.
Plugins
There are numerous plug-ins and device drivers available for Logitech Media Server, which include features such as support for automation systems from Clare Controls, AMX LLC and Crestron Electronics. Plugins also provide access to additional services, such as the live radio and 'listen-again' features of BBC Sound in the UK.
Alexa
As of September 2019, Logitech Media Server is controllable by a full-function Alexa skill (called 'MediaServer') available in the en-US and en-GB locales. In addition to allowing voice control of hardware and software Squeezebox players, this also allows streaming audio from LMS to an Amazon Echo device for playback.
See also
AirPlay
Firefly Media Server
Sonos
Windows Media Connect
References
External links
Logitech
Free software programmed in Perl
Perl software
Servers (computing)
Audio streaming software for Linux
The 1928 California Golden Bears football team was an American football team that represented the University of California, Berkeley in the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) during the 1928 college football season. In their third year under head coach Nibs Price, the team compiled a 6–2–2 record (3–0–2 against PCC opponents), finished in second place in the PCC, lost to Georgia Tech in the 1929 Rose Bowl, and outscored its opponents by a combined total of 141 to 36. The team was ranked No. 2 in the nation in the Dickinson System ratings released in December 1928.
The Rose Bowl game has become one of the most famous moments in Rose Bowl history. In the second quarter, California's defense forced a Georgia Tech fumble on their own 30-yard line, and the loose ball was scooped up by California center Roy Riegels. He began to run towards the Georgia Tech end zone for a score, but then, in trying to get around the Tech players, he inexplicably turned around and headed in the other direction. Riegels advanced all the way to the Golden Bears' one-yard line before teammate Benny Lom was able to stop him, whereupon he was immediately tackled by what seemed like the entire Georgia Tech team. California elected to punt on the next play; the punt was blocked for a safety, giving the Yellow Jackets a 2–0 lead and what turned out to be the decisive points.
Schedule
References
California
California Golden Bears football seasons
California Golden Bears football
C. Sathya is an Indian music composer and playback singer. He debuted in Tamil films as the music composer in the sleeper hit film Engeyum Eppodhum. After this movie, he was signed to many other movies and has successfully composed for more than 10 movies. He is well known in the industry for his different melodic music.
Career
Coming from a Carnatic background has helped Sathya grasp the techniques of film music composition. A Carnatic singer, he also knows to play the harmonium. This has made it easier for him to master the keyboard, which he has played as well as programmed for several music directors, including Bharadwaj. Sathya had to wait long to get his first break. He says, "My first film was Yaen Ippadi Mayakkinai in 2009, which has not yet released. The songs did well in the audio circuit and almost three years later, when the producers of Engeyum Eppodhum heard the compositions, they signed me up". That film was considered a sleeper hit, and Sathya arrived on the music scene. In quick succession, he did Sevarkodi and Ponmalai Pozhudhu.
Discography
As music composer
Upcoming films
Jet Lee (delayed)
Jasmine (delayed)
Aleka (2021)
Aayiram Jenmangal (2021)
Raangi (2021)
As singer
"Maasama Aaru Maasama" - Engeyum Eppodhum (2011)
"Thamirabharani" - Nedunchaalai (2013)
"Azhagendral" - Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru (2013)
"Lovela Lovela" - Ivan Veramathiri (2013)
"Oru Paravai" - Vani Rani (TV series) (2013)
"Silatta Pilatta" - Kanchana 2 (2015)
"Enna Petha Devadhaiye" - Theal (2021)
Television
2002 Mangalyam
2003 Adugiran Kannan
2005 Dheerga Sumangali
2006 Kana Kaanum Kaalangal
2006 Chellamadi Née Enakku
2007 Madurai
2008 Rekha IPS
2008 Thiruppaavai
2009 Mama Mappillai
2010 Anu Pallavi
2010 Alaipayuthey
2010 Amman
2011 Saravanan Meenatchi ('Yaelelo' Tittle Track)
2012 Vellai Thamarai
2012 Paartha Nyabagam Illayo
2013 Kurunji Malar
2013 Vani Rani
2014 Kalyana Parisu
2015 Yazhini
2018 Maya
2018 Nayagi
2018 Lakshmi Stores
2018 Vandhal Sridevi
2020 Uyire
Accolades
Jaya Award For Sensational Music Debut – Engeyum Eppodhum
References
External links
C. Sathya on Spotify
Living people
Tamil musicians
Tamil film score composers
Musicians from Chennai
1974 births
Kit Carson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,087. The county seat is Burlington. The county was established in 1889 and named for American frontiersman and Indian fighter Kit Carson.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.04%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Yuma County (north)
Cheyenne County, Kansas (northeast/Central Time border)
Sherman County, Kansas (east)
Wallace County, Kansas (southeast)
Cheyenne County (south)
Lincoln County (west)
Washington County (northwest)
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Highway 24
U.S. Highway 385
State Highway 59
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 8,011 people, 2,990 households, and 2,081 families living in the county. The population density was 4 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 3,430 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 87.28% White, 1.74% Black or African American, 0.51% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 9.20% from other races, and 0.91% from two or more races. 13.67% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 2,990 households 33.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.40% were married couples living together, 6.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.40% were non-families. 27.20% of households were one person and 12.50% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.07.
The age distribution was 26.70% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 29.00% from 25 to 44, 22.20% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 112.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.10 males.
The median household income was $33,152 and the median family income was $41,867. Males had a median income of $28,700 versus $19,978 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,964. About 9.40% of families and 12.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.60% of those under age 18 and 11.10% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Like all the High Plains, Kit Carson County is powerfully Republican. Since 1920 it has been won only twice by a Democratic presidential candidate – during the landslides of 1932 and 1964. Along with Elbert County and Rio Blanco County, it was one of three Colorado counties to be won by Alf Landon in 1936.
In other statewide elections, Kit Carson County also leans strongly Republican: no Democratic senatorial candidate has won the county since before 1990. At a gubernatorial level, it has been won by Democrat Roy Romer in 1990 – when he carried all but four counties statewide – and by Constitution Party candidate Tom Tancredo in 2010.
Recreation
National historic landmark
Philadelphia Toboggan Company Carousel #6, National Historic Landmark
Historic trail
Smoky Hill Trail
Communities
City
Burlington
Towns
Bethune
Flagler
Seibert
Stratton
Vona
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kit Carson County, Colorado
Notes
References
External links
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1889 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
Caila Marsai Martin is an American actress, best known for her role as Diane Johnson on the ABC sitcom Black-ish (2014–2022).
In 2019, Martin starred in the comedy film Little, which she also produced, becoming the youngest person ever to produce a studio film. The same year, Time magazine named her on its "Time 100 Next".
Early life
Martin was born in Plano, Texas, to African-American parents Carol and Joshua Martin. Martin's acting career started after a glamour pictorial. The photographer gave them a discount in exchange for her father's promise that he would submit the photos to talent agencies. The photos were sent out to four agencies and one immediately signed her. At age five, she landed her first national commercial for Choice Hotel. Her family then moved to Los Angeles in 2013, so she could pursue an acting career.
Career
In 2014, Martin was cast as Diane Johnson, the daughter of Andre (Anthony Anderson) and Rainbow Johnson (Tracee Ellis Ross) on the ABC sitcom Black-ish, created by Kenya Barris. For her breakthrough role, Martin has received numerous awards and nominations, including three NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and a Young Artist Award. She has received six NAACP Image Awards nominations and two Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series.
In 2016, Martin made her film debut, playing a leading role in the Amazon Studios original film An American Girl Story – Melody 1963: Love Has to Win, set in Detroit during the Civil Rights Movement. That same year, she did a voice role for the movie Nina, which tells the life story of American artist and activist Nina Simone. In 2019, Martin starred in her first studio feature film, the comedy Little, for Universal Pictures. At the age of 13, she became executive producer of the film, making her the youngest person to ever produce a movie, as well as the youngest African-American producer.
In February 2019, Genius Productions, Martin's company, signed a first-look production deal with Universal. Martin's first film as part of the deal is StepMonster, a comedy about a teenage girl who is adjusting to life with a new stepmother. She is the youngest person to get a first-look deal at Universal, and the youngest person to get a deal at any studio. In May 2019, it was announced Martin would be producing and starring in the film adaption of Amari and the Night Brothers for Universal Pictures. In December 2019, it was announced that Martin would be producing the comedy film Queen. She voiced the character Liberty in the 2021 film
PAW Patrol: The Movie. In April 2022, it was announced that Martin would star alongside Kelly Rowland and Omari Hardwick in the upcoming film Fantasy Football.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
Actresses from Texas
African-American actresses
American film actresses
American television actresses
21st-century American actresses
African-American child actresses
American child actresses
African-American film producers
American women film producers
American voice actresses
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kakum National Park, located in the coastal environs of the Central Region of Ghana, covers an area of . Established in 1931 as a reserve, it was gazetted as a national park only in 1992 after an initial survey of avifauna was conducted. The area is covered with tropical forest. The uniqueness of this park lies in the fact that it was established at the initiative of the local people and not by the State Department of wildlife who are responsible for wildlife preservation in Ghana. It is one of only 3 locations in Africa with a canopy walkway, which is long and connects seven tree tops which provides access to the forest.
The most notable endangered species of fauna in the park are Diana monkey, giant bongo antelope, yellow-backed duiker and African elephant. It is also an Important Bird Area recognized by the Bird Life International with the bird area fully overlapping the park area. The bird inventory confirmed 266 species in the park, including eight species of global conservation concern. One of these species of concern is the white-breasted guineafowl. Nine species of hornbill and the grey parrot have been recorded. It is very rich in butterflies as well, and a new species was discovered in 1993. As of 2012, the densest population of forest elephants in Ghana is located in Kakum.
The Museums and Monuments Board of the Republic of Ghana has proposed that UNESCO declare the park a natural World Heritage Site under criteria vii and x. The submission made in 2000 is listed under the tentative List of World Heritage Sites.
History
In 1931, the area drained by the headwater catchment of the Kakum River was declared a forest reserve and managed by the Forestry Division. During this period, logging operations were prevalent, particularly of the mahogany (Khaya ivorensis) tree species. The logging operations continued till 1989 when the management of the reserve was transferred to the Wildlife Department.
A Feasibility Study and Preliminary 5-year Management Plan for the development of Kakum National Park as an ecotourism destination were developed in 1990 under a project conducted for the United Nations Development Program (Dudley 1990). The Feasibility Study included preliminary biodiversity assessments of the flora and fauna of Kakum Forest Reserve and adjoining Assin-Attandanso Forest Reserve, and an elephant population survey (Dudley 1990; Dudley, Mensah-Ntiamoah,& Kpelle 1992; Dudley 1995). The Feasibility Study and Preliminary 5-year Management Plan were developed in a collaborative and consultative process involving a consulting biologist, forestry officials, wildlife officials, local communities, Ghanaian universities, regional government officials, and other key stakeholders (Dudley 1992).
It must be recognized that one, Mr. Ebenezer Kwasi Agbley, the then Central Regional Manager for Ghana Tourist Board gave birth to this dream under a program he initiated and implemented - Tourism Development Scheme for Central Region (TODSCER)which was expanded and became CENTRAL REGION DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM under a later created Commission - Central Region Development Commission(CECECOM). He showcased the TODSCER program in America and drew a number of sponsoring institutions both bilateral and multi-lateral from the donor community for the project to its maturity. The project later brought on board Game & Wildlife to manage and maintain the Park.
In 1992, the Wildlife Department gazetted Kakum to be a park under the Wildlife Reserves Regulations (Ll 1525) as the Kakum Conservation Area including the Assin Attandanso Forest Reserve. After a survey of the faunal richness of the conservation area, it was split into the Kakum National Park and the Assin Attandanso Forest Reserve during the same year. The split was justified with the argument that Cape Coast and 33 other towns and villages continue to need timber from the forest and potable water provided by the Kakum River.
Geography
The Kakum River originates within the park, and hence the park is named after the river. Its tributaries which flow through the park are Obuo, Kakum, Afia, Sukuma, Nemimi, Aboabo and Ajuesu. It is located north of Cape Coast and Elmina near the small village of Abrafo. It is easily accessible by taxis from the town center, and through organized tour buses. The park's welcome center contains a restaurant, lodge, picnic area, camping area, and a wildlife education center. The park is surrounded by 33 villages and also agricultural lands where food crops and coco are grown.
The park lies within an elevation range of . It is part of the Guineo-Congolian region under IUCN Category II. The reserve which borders this park is the Assin Attandanso Resource Reserve (game production reserve). Its habitat consists mainly of moist evergreen forest and also seasonal dry semi-deciduous forest. The habitat is formed of 90% forest area, 36% artificial terrestrial landscape while the remaining area has not been categorised. The park area receives an annual average rainfall of 1380 mm.
Flora
The dominant vegetation type in Kakum is the wet forest. Other vegetation types encountered in the park include swamp forests (permanent and periodic) and riverine forests. Also reported are the Boval vegetation of Hildegardia barteri-Polycarpaea tenuifolia community found in exposed granite rocks and in shallow soils. 105 species of vascular plants consisting of 57 trees, 10 shrubs, 9 climbers, 17 herbs and 12 grasses are reported from the park. Epiphytic plants are also reported growing on the trees and shrubs are orchids and ferns and also figs.
Logging operations were prevalent in the park between 1975 and 1989. It is, however, noted that the logged areas have regenerated secondary forest consisting of a thick green mantle and vine tangles. This does not extend over the entire park, as much of the dense forest still remains conserved.
Specifically IUCN identified list of flora are listed below under subheadings of Moist forests, Swamp forest, Periodic swamp forest, Riverine forest and Boval vegetation.
Moist forests
Entandrophragma cylindricum
Entandrophragma angolense
Guarea cedrata
Guarea thompsonii
Piptadeniastrum africanum
Milicia excelsa (Lophira alata)
Triplochiton scleroxylon
Sterculia rhinopetalia
Sterculia oblonga
Pterygota macrocarpa
Anigeria robusta
Terminalia superba Strombosia glaucescens
Cola gigantea Mansonia altissima
Celtis zenkeri
Ricinodendron heudelotii
Antiaris toxicariaSwamp forests
Alstonia boonei
Cleistopholis patens
Carapa procera
Mitragyna stipulosa
Raphia vinifera
Scandent Calamus deeratus (Palm)
Laccosperma secundiflorum
Laccosperma opacum Eremospatha macrocarpa
Glyphaea brevis (shrub)
Myriathus arboreus Paullinia pinnata Thaumatococcus daniellii (Herb)
Sarcophrynium brachystachys Ataenidia confertaRiverine forest (Edaphic forest)
Pseudospondias microcarpa Ceiba pentandra Xylopia spp Uapaca guineensisBoval vegetation
Sansevieria libericaCommelina spp
Hildegardia barteri (bloom as red flowers during Christmas)
Elaeophorbia grandifolia Sterculia tragacantha Ceiba pathandra
Albizia ferruginea Ricinodendron heudelotiiFauna
The park contains rare animals, including forest elephants, forest buffalo, civet and cats. Two hundred forest elephants (Loxodonta cyclotis), potto (Perodicticus potto), Demidoff's galago (Galago demidovii), African civet (Viverra civetta), two-spotted palm civet (Nandinia binotata), leopard (Panthera pardus), bongo (Tragelaphus euryceros), many species of duikers (small antelopes), red river hog (Potamochoerus porcus pictus), giant forest hog (Hylochoerus meinertzhageni), long-tailed pangolin (Manis tetradactyla), white-belied pangolin (Manis tricuspis), giant pangolin (Manis gigantea), many species of forest squirrels, North African crested porcupine (Hystrix cristata), dwarf crocodile (Osteolamus tetraspis), monitor lizards, Home's hinged tortoise, serrated tortoise and many other faunae are reported from the park.
Primates in the park include the Colobus vellerosus (VU), Procolobus verus (LR/nt), and Cercopithecus diana roloway (CR).
The initial Feasibility Study for the establishment of Kakum National Park included a preliminary biodiversity survey of the fauna of the Kakum Forest Reserve and adjoining Assin-Attandanso Forest Reserve, and a survey of the area's resident African Forest Elephant population. The elephant population size in 1990 was estimated on the basis of spoor data to be 100-150 individuals (Dudley, Mensah-Ntiamoah, & Kpelle 1992).
Avifauna
The Bird Life International included the park area under its list of Bird Life Areas in Ghana in 2002 under the criteria A1, A2, A3. The species recorded are 266 and the species though identified but yet to be confirmed are 56. All the species are resident and most of them are under the Least Concern categorization. The globally threatened species listed under the Near Threatened category are: green-tailed bristlebill (Bleda eximius), red-fronted antpecker (Parmoptila rubrifrons), rufous-winged illadopsis (Illadopsis rufescens) and copper-tailed glossy-starling (Lamprotornis cupreocauda). The Vulnerable species identified are white-breasted guineafowl (Agelastes meleagrides), brown-cheeked hornbill (Bycanistes cylindricus), yellow-casqued hornbill (Ceratogymna elata) and yellow-bearded greenbul (Criniger olivaceus).
Special features
A particular feature is the Komfo Boateng's Shrine, a circular rock near Aboabo, of approximately diameter with Bovine flora of Ceiba pathandra, Albizia furruginea and Ricinodendron heudelotii''.
The park has a long series of hanging bridges known as the Kakum Canopy Walkway at the forest canopy level to provide access to the forest, which is a unique feature in the entire African continent. At height, the visitor can approach the limits and view plants and animals from a vantage point that would otherwise be inaccessible to people. The canopy walkway passes over 7 bridges and runs over a length of . Some of the tree canopies are more than in height. Built with wire rope, aluminium ladders, wooden planks, it is secured by a series of netting for safety purposes. An additional viewing platform that will allow visitors to climb into the canopy without braving the canopy walkway is currently under construction. The Canopy Walkway was built by two Canadian engineers from Vancouver with the assistance of five (5) Ghanaians - the latter (staff of Ghana Heritage Conservation Trust- managers of the Kakum National Park Visitor Centre)have been maintaining the facility ever since.
The original concept for establishment of a canopy walkway at this location was the inspiration of Joseph Dudley, a conservation biologist recruited by Conservation International who coordinated the drafting of the Feasibility Study and Preliminary 5-year Management Plan for the development of Kakum National Park as an ecotourism destination under a project conducted for the United Nations Development Program (Dudley 1990).
The Park can now boast of a Tree House which sits about 20metres from the forest floor in the trees in the Secondary Forest. This facility which houses close to 25 people provides an adventurous opportunity for campers to especially at night experience forest life. Due to the thickness of the rainforest, a number of the fauna (genets, leopards, etc.) are active in the night searching for prey to feed on. The Tree House thus provide a close proximity to the wildlife of Kakum. A trained Tour Guide is always on hand to take campers on the night hikes as well as sharing Folklore of the Kakum Forest by a bonfire. It is an intriguing adventure.
Threats and conservation
The threats faced in the park which are being addressed relate to poaching; visible proof has been recorded in the form of "camps, empty matchboxes, pieces of rubber tyres, used carbide, gunshots and cartridges"), hunting, land encroachments and chainsaw operation. Human-wildlife conflicts around the park are due to park elephants damaging the agricultural crops of the farmers. To prevent raids by elephants during the cropping season on the agricultural fields, farmers have adopted the practice of building pepper fences around their lands to protect their farms.
The park is administered by the Wildlife Department of Ghana. Under the direction of Conservation International and with funding support from USAID, Kakum is considered the best protected forest in Ghana. As a result, it is now a major tourist spot. Though poaching is still prevalent, the management practice of involving local communities to share the benefits of the park would yield positive results. In the park, gamekeepers are specially trained in the medical and cultural significance of the local foliage.
Tourism
Kakum is Ghana's first protected area which has received major support for visitor facilities. The visitor centre opened on Earth Day 1997 and the park received the Global Tourism for Tomorrow Award the following year. Tourism numbers have increased over the years: 2,000 in 1992; 27,000 in 1996; over 70,000 tourists in 1999; and it attracted 135,870 visitors during 2009.
References
Dudley, J.P. (1995) Forest elephant conservation in West African rainforest fragments. Nature et Faune 11(2): 8-21. United Nations Food & Agriculture Organization, Accra.
Dudley, J.P., A.Y. Mensah-Ntiamoah, and D.G. Kpelle. (1992) Forest elephants in a rainforest fragment: preliminary findings from a wildlife conservation project in southern Ghana. African Journal of Ecology 30: 116–126.
Dudley, J.P. (1992) Community Involvement in Kakum and Assin-Attandanso Forest Reserves, Ghana. In The Conservation Atlas of Tropical Forests, Vol. II: AFRICA (J.A. Sayer, C.S. Harcourt, and N.M. Collins, eds.). World Conservation Monitoring Center, Cambridge U.K.
Dudley, J.P. (1990) Kakum and Assin-Attandanso Wildlife Reserves Project: UNDP – Central Region Development Project. International Science and Technology Institute, Washington, D.C.
Prince Edem Kumanya (2017) Site Manager of Kakum
External links
Kakum National Park Official Website
Travel information from Conservation International.
Photo Gallery of Kakum National Forest's Canopy Walk
National parks of Ghana
Central Region (Ghana)
Eastern Guinean forests
Protected areas established in 1992
A Soldier's Duty is a film produced by the Edison Company in 1912.
Release
The film was released in the United States on October 19, 1912, and remained in circulation on US screens through at least the following January.
References
External links
1912 films
1912 short films
1910s war drama films
American war drama films
American black-and-white films
American Civil War films
Films directed by Charles Brabin
American silent short films
1912 drama films
1910s American films
Silent American drama films
Silent war films
Mark of Cornwall (, , , ) was a sixth-century King of Kernow (Cornwall), possibly identical with King Conomor. He is most famous for his appearance in the Arthurian legend as the uncle of Tristan and the husband of Iseult, the latter of whom engages with Tristan in a secret liaison, giving Mark the epithet Cuckold King.
King Mark
In Old Welsh records, Mark is recorded as "March son of Meirchion" of Kernow (Cornwall). He is variously associated with ruling areas in the Gwynedd and Glamorgan regions of Wales. Some identify him with Conomor, a king of Domnonea and Kernev (Domnonée and Cornouaille) in Armorica.
In Wrmonoc of Landévennec's Life of St. Pol de Leon, he refers to a "King Marc whose other name is Quonomorus". Also rendered Cunomorus, this name means literally the 'Hound-of-the-sea'.
An inscription on a sixth-century gravestone near the Cornish town of Fowey memorializes (in Latin) a certain "Drustanus son of Cunomorus" and it has been conjectured that this is the "Tristan son of Mark (alias 'Quonomorus')" of legend. The current location of this stone is , but it was originally situated at Castle Dore. The stone has a mid-6th-century two-line inscription which has been interpreted as reading DRVSTANVS HIC IACIT CVNOWORI FILIVS ("Drustan lies here, of Cunomorus the son"). A now missing third line was described by the 16th-century antiquarian John Leland as reading CVM DOMINA OUSILLA ("with the lady Ousilla"). Ousilla is a Latinisation of the Cornish female name Eselt. The stone led to Mark's association with Castle Dore.
In legend
In most versions of the story of Tristan and Iseult, King Mark of Cornwall is Tristan's uncle. His sister is Tristan's mother, Blancheflor alias Elizabeth/Isabelle, or, in some later versions, he is related to Tristan's father, Meliadus.
Mark sends Tristan as his proxy to fetch his young bride, the Princess Iseult, from Ireland. Tristan and Iseult fall in love, and, with the help of a magic potion, proceed to have one of the stormiest love affairs in medieval literature. Mark suspects the affair and eventually his suspicions are confirmed. In some versions, he sends for Tristan to be hanged, and banishes Iseult to a leper colony. Tristan escapes the hanging and rescues Iseult from her confinement. Mark later discovers this and eventually forgives them, with Iseult returning to Mark and Tristan leaving the country. The story is cyclical, with Mark repeatedly suspecting Tristan and Iseult of adultery and then believing they were innocent. In Béroul's version, Tristan and Iseult are never in grave danger due to the narrator's declaration that he himself and God were on their side. Mark, as a husband and king, is not idealized like other Arthurian kings since his ties to the story are personal.
Marie de France's Breton lai Chevrefoil (titled sometimes as The Lay of the Honeysuckle) tells a part of the Tristan and Iseult tale. The lai begins with an explanation of Mark's fury at the affair of Tristan and Isoude, which leads Mark to banish Tristan from Cornwall. Tristan spends a year pining for Isoude in his own land of South Wales until his great sorrow drives him to secretly return to Cornwall. Hiding in the woods and sheltering with villagers at night, Tristan hears that Mark plans to hold a Pentecost feast with Isoude in attendance. Tristan knows that the queen will ride through the forest to get there. He determines her most likely path and places onto the trail a stripped hazel stick with a carving of his name on it. Isoude recognizes the sign, and, stopping her party to rest, she and her maid Brangwaine covertly leave to find Tristan. During the illicit meeting, Isoude helps Tristan with a plan to win back the favor of Mark. Marie ends the poem with a revelation that the lai Tristan composed was called "Goatleaf" in English, or "Chèvrefeuille" in French, and that the very lai he composed was the one the reader has just finished.
In the Prose Tristan, Mark is the son of king Felix, and his character deteriorates from a sympathetic cuckold to a downright villain. He rapes his niece and then murders her when she produces his son, Meraugis. Mark also murders his own brother, Prince Boudwin, later killing Boudwin's vengeful teenage son Alisander (Alisuander, Alexander) the Orphan as well. In earlier variants of the story, Tristan dies in Brittany, far away from Mark; in the Prose Tristan, however, Tristan is mortally stabbed by Mark while he plays the harp under a tree for Iseult. This version of Mark's character was popular in other medieval works, including the Romance of Palamedes and Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur. In these texts, Mark is usually seen as ruling Cornwall from Tintagel Castle and is often a sworn enemy of Arthur's jester knight Dinadan and (as in the Post-Vulgate Cycle) even the destroyer of Camelot after the death of Arthur. Malory's telling says Alisander's son eventually avenged his father and grandfather, presumably by slaying Mark.
Horse's ears
Mark has become associated with a Celtic variant of the story of Midas and his donkey ears from Greek mythology, due to a pun on marc which is a Celtic word for "horse". The story occurs in Tristan by the 12th century French poet Béroul, where the dwarf divulges the secret that "Mark has horsed's ears" addressing a hawthorn tree, in the presence of three lords.
There is a Breton legend which appeared in print in 1794, in which Mark was initially the king of Cornouaille, France, seated at Ploumarch (Portzmarch). The king kills every barber who knows the secret about his ears, except one, who speaks the secret into the sand (or wind). Reeds subsequently grow from that spot, and the plants are harvested to make into reeds for the oboe (or simply make pipes). When the instruments are played, it sounds to the audience as if the music is saying the king has horsed's ears. John Rhys recorded a Welsh tale that differs little from the simpler Breton version.
An embellished version collected by Yann ar Floc'h (1905) blends the legend of Ys, with the premise that Marc was condemned by Gradlon's daughter (or Dahut). March tried to hunt her when she was assuming the guise of a doe and had his ears exchanged with those of his prized horse Morvarc'h.
In modern culture
King Mark takes on a gruesome role in Alfred, Lord Tennyson's poetry cycle Idylls of the King. While Arthur and many of his knights are away taking on the court of the Red Knight, Lancelot is called upon to judge "The Tournament of the Dead Innocence." The tournament quickly becomes a mockery, full of insults and broken rules. Tristram (that is, Tristan) is the winner of the tournament, winning all of the rubies from the necklace. Tristram then breaks tradition in presenting the rubies to a woman present, saying instead "This day my Queen of Beauty is not here". This enrages the crowd, with many saying that "All courtesy is dead," and "The glory of our Round Table is no more." Tristram, who in this piece married Isolt of the White Hands, carries his winnings instead to Mark's wife Queen Isolt, who is upset that Tristram married another woman. The two mock each other for a brief period before Tristram at last puts the necklace about Isolt's neck, and leans down to kiss her. Just as his lips touch her, Mark makes his appearance, rising up behind Tristram and cleaving him through the brain.
Mark (the German "Marke") is a character in Wagner's 1859 opera Tristan und Isolde, where the role was first performed by the bass Ludwig Zottmayer.
In the 1954 film The Black Knight, he is portrayed by Patrick Troughton as a pagan looking to overthrow Christianity and King Arthur.
In the 1970s TV show Arthur of the Britons, Mark was played by Brian Blessed.
In 1981 film Lovespell he was played by Richard Burton (as King Mark of Cornwall).
Mark (called "Marc'h of Kernow") is a character in Diana L. Paxson's 1988 novel The White Raven. The book consists of Paxson's take on the Tristan and Iseult story, told from the point of view of Iseult's cousin Branwen.
In Bernard Cornwell's 1996 novel Enemy of God in his The Warlord Chronicles series, King Mark is a physically and morally monstrous tyrant who apparently keeps murdering his young wives every few years in order to marry another. When Mark's newest teenage wife Iseult flees with own his young son Tristan, the fugitive lovers take refuge in Mordred's kingdom of Dumnonia under the regency of Tristan's friend Arthur. In an agonizing choice, Arthur allows Mark to arrive with his soldiers and have the prince killed and the queen sadistically burned at the stake. Mark himself later dies from a horrible illness.
In the 2006 film Tristan & Isolde, Marke was played by Rufus Sewell. He adopts Tristan as his son after the death of the boys' parents, who loyally supported Marke's plans to unite Britain's peoples. Marke is portrayed as a good ruler and a kind husband to Isolde, unaware that by circumstance she has already fallen for Tristan, and is confused by his adopted son's unhappy, distanced behaviour. When Tristan and Isolde are caught embracing, Marke feels angry and betrayed, but relents after hearing the full story of their meeting and gives them permission to leave together, though Tristan insists on staying to stand against Marke's mobilising enemies. After Tristan is mortally wounded in battle, Marke takes him back to Isolde to share his last moments with her, then goes on to successfully unite Britain.
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Mark at The Camelot Project
6th-century English monarchs
Arthurian characters
Legendary British kings
Tristan and Iseult
Monarchs of Cornwall
Bassil Da Costa (Guatire, 7 May 1990 – Caracas, 12 February 2014) was a Venezuelan university student, killed during the 2014 protests against the Venezuelan government, the first death of the wave of protests. Da Costa was a marketing student at the Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt in Caracas.
Death
On 12 February 2014, Youth Day in Venezuela, various parties in opposition to the Venezuelan government and student groups marched in the entire country in protest against the government. In Caracas, the protest march was held from Plaza Venezuela to the Public Ministry's offices in the city's downtown. The demonstration itself went smoothly, but after it was finished conflict arose with a shootout in which Da Costa and Juan Montoya, member of a colectivo, were killed.
On 13 February, President Nicolás Maduro stated Da Costa and Montoya were killed by the same person, and that the murders were part of the violence generated by the opposition on 12 February. The Secretary of the Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD), the opposition coalition, Ramón Guillermo Aveledo, rejected President Maduro's statements and maintained the protesters were not ill-intended, while hinting at possible government infiltrates in the march.
Investigations
The first investigations made by the Cuerpo de Investigaciones Científicas, Penales y Criminalísticas (CICPC) identified at least three members of the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) who had shot against protesters near the Public Ministry offices the day of the march, amongst them the alleged killer of Da Costa.
Days later, the independent newspaper Últimas Noticias published the results of an investigative work on the murders, in which it claimed to have discovered both men in uniform and civilians had shot against the protesters on the 12th of February. In April 2014, six SEBIN officers were apprehended and the alleged murderer of Da Costa was formally indicted.
The trial on Da Costa and Montoya's murders was delayed in various occasions, until it finally started on 16 June 2015, over a year after they took place.
See also
Génesis Carmona
Timeline of the 2014 Venezuelan protests
Notes
References
1990 births
2014 deaths
People from Caracas
Murdered Venezuelan students
People murdered in Venezuela
Victims of police brutality
2014 murders in Venezuela
Deaths by firearm in Venezuela
People shot dead by law enforcement officers
2014 Venezuelan protests
Chavuma District is a district of Zambia, located in North-Western Province. The capital lies at Chavuma. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 29,941 people.
References
Districts of North-Western Province, Zambia
Steve Kuhn may refer to;
Steve Kuhn, an American Jazz musician
Steve Kuhn, founder of Major League Pickleball
The Albert Field Tack Company is a historic industrial site located at 19 Spring Street in Taunton, Massachusetts, next to the Mill River. Built in 1868 for a company founded in the 1820s to manufacture fasteners (tacks and nails), the main office building is an unusually high-style building given its industrial setting. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It has since been converted into apartments.
Description and history
The Albert Field Tack Company is set east of Spring Street and south and west of the Mill River, southeast of Taunton's center. The front-facing main office building is an ornately decorated -story building, with a hip roof pierced by large gabled sections, and a tower at the rear left corner. A series of more utilitarian brick ells extend southeastward toward the river.
The site of the Field Tack Company had seen industrial uses since the early 18th century, when mills for carding and dying wool operated there. The Field Tack Works was established in leased space in Taunton beginning in the 1820s. Albert Field purchased this property in the 1850s, and soon expanded. The ornate office building was built in 1868 in the Italianate stylem reflecting the company's success in the manufacture of upholstery tacks, brads, and shoe nails.
The Field Tack Works later added a second factory in Taunton, and another one in Fairhaven, Massachusetts. The company was acquired by the Atlas Tack Company in 1896. The Spring Street plant closed in 1902. The building was used as a Pentecostal Church in the 1930s, and was later occupied by various businesses.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Industrial buildings completed in 1868
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Taunton, Massachusetts
1868 establishments in Massachusetts
Sam Pittman (born November 28, 1961) is an American football coach who is the head football coach at the University of Arkansas. Prior to being hired at Arkansas, he was the associate head coach and offensive line coach at the University of Georgia. Prior to his hiring at Arkansas, Pittman spent almost his entire career, going back to the mid-1990s, as an offensive line coach at various college football programs. He also became known as one of the country's top recruiters.
Playing career
Pittman was born in El Reno, Oklahoma. His father, Don, moved the family to Grove, Oklahoma because Grove High School had better recruiting prospects. Pittman, a multi-sport athlete in high school, attended Pittsburg State University in Pittsburg, Kansas. He played defensive end at Pittsburg State from 1980 to 1983 and in his senior year was named a National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) All-American. Pittsburg State inducted him into their Athletic Hall of Fame in 1998.
In 1981, Pittman's sophomore year, Pittsburg State went 10–2 and lost the NAIA Division I Championship. Head coach Ron Randleman parlayed this success into the head coaching job at Sam Houston State University. His successor at Pittsburg State was defensive coordinator Bruce Polen, who had recruited Pittman in high school. Pittman accompanied Polen on several recruiting trips while still a student; in 2020 Polen would reflect on Pittman's natural affinity for recruiting:
Coaching career
High school
Following his graduation from Pittsburg State, Pittman spent two years there as a student assistant coach before becoming offensive coordinator at Beggs High School in Beggs, Oklahoma, for the 1986 season. Following that stint Pittman served as head coach for Princeton Junior-Senior High School in Princeton, Missouri, from 1987 to 1988, and Trenton High School in Trenton, Missouri, from 1989 to 1990.
College assistant
In 1991, Pittman was hired as the offensive line coach at Hutchinson Community College in Hutchinson, Kansas. The following year he was named head coach, replacing Glenn Percy. Pittman compiled an 11–9–1 record over two seasons. Pittman was credited with reviving a "struggling" program. Northern Illinois hired Pittman as its offensive line coach in February 1994. Then-head coach Charlie Sadler described Pittman as "one of the top up-and-coming offensive line coaches in the country." Sadler was fired after the 1995 season, and Pittman moved over to the University of Cincinnati, joining Rick Minter's staff as tight ends coach. Other coaches on that staff included future NFL head coaches Rex Ryan (defensive coordinator) and John Harbaugh (assistant head coach).
Pittman left Cincinnati after the 1996 season to become the offensive line coach at the University of Oklahoma under second-year coach John Blake. Rex Ryan followed Pittman to Oklahoma after Blake reshuffled his coaching staff at the end of the 1997 season. Oklahoma fired Blake after the 1998 season and Pittman moved over to Western Michigan University to join Gary Darnell's staff, again as offensive line coach. At the end of 1999 Pittman and offensive coordinator Bill Cubit departed Western Michigan to take up the same positions at the University of Missouri under Larry Smith. Missouri fired Smith at the end of the 2000 season; Pittman moved over to the University of Kansas under Terry Allen. Allen had reshuffled his coaching staff following a disappointing 4–7 season in 2000; in 2001 team went 3–8 and Allen was fired.
Pittman returned to the coaching ranks in 2003 as the offensive line coach at Northern Illinois, the same job he had held in 1994–1995. The head coach was Joe Novak, who had replaced the fired Sadler after the 1995 season. Northern Illinois promoted Pittman to assistant head coach for the 2004 season. Pittman departed Northern Illinois after the 2006 season to join new University of North Carolina head coach Butch Davis' staff as offensive line coach. Pittman was considered a potential head coach at Northern Illinois after Jerry Kill, Novak's successor, departed for the University of Minnesota after the 2010 season. Davis was dismissed before the 2011 because of an academic scandal; Pittman was considered for the interim head coach job which eventually went to Everett Withers.
After the 2011 season, Pittman took the offensive line coach job at the University of Tennessee under Derek Dooley. This was not the first time Pittman was added to a coaching staff just reshuffled because of poor performance. Tennessee fired Dooley at the end of season, and Pittman joined new University of Arkansas head coach Bret Bielema's staff as assistant head coach/offensive line coach, where he spent the 2013 through 2015 seasons.
Pittman departed Arkansas after the 2015 season to become offensive line coach at the University of Georgia under new head coach Kirby Smart and offensive coordinator Jim Chaney, with whom Pittman had previously worked at Tennessee and Arkansas. Georgia paid a $250,000 buyout to hire Pittman. When Pittman informed Bielema that he planned to take the Georgia job, Bielema brought several Arkansas offensive linemen to Pittman's house to attempt to convince him to remain at Arkansas. Bielema claimed that Pittman had refused to meet personally with his players to inform them he would be leaving, a claim that Pittman denied.
At Georgia, Pittman garnered a reputation as "one of the best recruiters and offensive line coaches in the SEC." In his second season, Georgia won the SEC Championship Game and reached the College Football Playoff National Championship. That was the first of three consecutive Southeastern Conference East Division titles for Georgia from 2017 to 2019. Pittman's 2018 line was named a finalist for the Joe Moore Award for the best offensive line in college football. Pittman was promoted to associate head coach in 2019, with a salary of $900,000 per year making him the highest-paid offensive line coach in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. Off the field, he became known for a catchphrase, "Yesssirrrr!", that he would use in social-media videos posted after Georgia secured commitments from significant recruits, beginning with quarterback Justin Fields in 2017.
Head coach
On December 8, 2019, Pittman was announced as the new head coach at Arkansas, replacing Chad Morris, who was fired midway through his second season. Other candidates for the position reportedly included Lane Kiffin and Mike Leach. Several of Pittman's former players lobbied for him to get the job, including writing an open letter to Arkansas administrators shortly after Morris's firing. Pittman's hiring was announced on Twitter by athletic director Hunter Yurachek, including a video of Pittman and Yurachek bellowing Pittman's trademark ""Yesssirrrr!"
His first season as head coach proved a successful one, with the Razorbacks finishing 3-7 in an all-SEC schedule and snapping a 20-game SEC losing streak with a win over Mississippi State. Arkansas received an invite to the Texas Bowl to play TCU, however the game was eventually cancelled due to COVID-19 issues in the Horned Frogs' program.
In his second season as head coach for Arkansas in 2021, Pittman led the Razorbacks to an 9-4 record, finishing 4-4 in SEC play; good enough to tie for third place in the West Division. It was only the second time in 10 years that Arkansas had won as many as eight games in a season. The season included a victory over the Texas Longhorns, breaking a nine game losing streak to the Texas A&M Aggies, and breaking five game losing streaks to the LSU Tigers and Missouri Tigers. 2021 marked the first time in school history that Arkansas won all three trophy rivalry games in the same season, winning the Southwest Classic trophy, the Golden Boot Trophy, and the Battle Line Rivalry Trophy over A&M, LSU, and Missouri, respectively. After a five year bowl drought, the Razorbacks were selected to play in the 2022 Outback Bowl against the Penn State Nittany Lions, which they won 24-10, giving Arkansas their first bowl victory since 2015, and their first New Year's Day bowl victory since 2000. It was also Arkansas' first bowl victory over a Big Ten team. Pittman was named the AFCA Region 2 Coach of the Year.
Personal life
Sam is married to his wife, Jamie. They have no children. Pittman is close friends with his former colleague Rex Ryan. Ryan (who according to Pittman is "not handy") once flew Pittman out to his home to help build a children's fort that Ryan had designed:
Head coaching record
Junior college
College
Notes
References
External links
Arkansas profile
1961 births
Living people
Arkansas Razorbacks football coaches
Cincinnati Bearcats football coaches
Georgia Bulldogs football coaches
Hutchinson Blue Dragons football coaches
Kansas Jayhawks football coaches
Missouri Tigers football coaches
North Carolina Tar Heels football coaches
Northern Illinois Huskies football coaches
Oklahoma Sooners football coaches
Pittsburg State Gorillas football coaches
Pittsburg State Gorillas football players
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
Western Michigan Broncos football coaches
High school football coaches in Missouri
High school football coaches in Oklahoma
People from El Reno, Oklahoma
People from Grove, Oklahoma
Coaches of American football from Oklahoma
Players of American football from Oklahoma
Elizabeth Levy (born April 4, 1942) is an author who has written over eighty children's books in a variety of genres. Born in Buffalo, New York, she is currently living in New York City. She has appeared as a contestant on "Funny Or Die's Billy on the Street" on TruTV. She is a cousin of children's author Robie Harris.
Writing career
She has written a long-running series of mystery novels for youngsters under the Something Queer is Going On banner (Something Queer at the Library, Something Queer at the Haunted School, etc.). She is also responsible for the Horrible Histories spin-off series America's Funny But True History. Levy wrote several novelizations of the Star Wars episode Return of the Jedi.
Selected works
Something Queer is Going On, with Mordicai Gerstein (illustrator), (1973), Delacorte Press, - first in the Something Queer series
The Computer That Said Steal Me (1983), Scholastic,
Keep Ms. Sugarman in the Fourth Grade, with Dave Henderson (illustrator) (1992), HarperCollins,
Cheater, Cheater, (1993), Scholastic,
School Spirit Sabotage: A Brian and Pea Brain Mystery, George Ulrich (Illustrator), George M. Ulrich (Photographer), (1994), HarperCollins,
My Life as a Fifth-Grade Comedian, (1997), HarperCollins,
Seventh Grade Tango, (2000), Hyperion Books for Children,
Who are you Calling a Woolly Mammoth?: Prehistoric America, Daniel McFeeley (illustrator), J.R. Havlan (additional material), (2000), Scholastic, - first in the America's Funny But True History series
Danger & Diamonds: a mystery at sea, Mordicai Gerstein (illustrator), (2010), Roaring Brook Press,
Paula Danziger's Amber Brown is Tickled Pink, Bruce Coville (co-author), Tony Ross (illustrator), Paula Danziger (inspiration), (2012), G. P. Putnam's Sons, - a continuation of Danziger's Amber Brown series.
References
External links
Author's Official Site
American children's writers
1942 births
Jewish American writers
Living people
Writers from Buffalo, New York
American women children's writers
American women novelists
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
Novelists from New York (state)
21st-century American Jews
Vetrov Hill () is a hill rising to 20 m, standing at the east side of the entrance to McDonald Bay on the coast of Antarctica. It was mapped from aerial photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and later remapped by the Soviet expedition of 1956 which named it Vetrov, meaning "windy."
Hills of Queen Mary Land
A job attitude is a set of evaluations of one's job that constitute one's feelings toward, beliefs about, and attachment to one's job. Overall job attitude can be conceptualized in two ways. Either as affective job satisfaction that constitutes a general or global subjective feeling about a job, or as a composite of objective cognitive assessments of specific job facets, such as pay, conditions, opportunities and other aspects of a particular job. Employees evaluate their advancement opportunities by observing their job, their occupation, and their employer.
Defining
Research demonstrates that interrelationships and complexities underlie what would seem to be the simply defined term job attitudes. The long history of research into job attitudes suggests there is no commonly agreed upon definition. There are both cognitive and affective aspects, which need not be in correspondence with each other. Job attitude should also not be confused with the broader term attitude, because attitude is defined as a psychological tendency that is expressed by evaluating a particular entity with some degree of favor or disfavor, whereas job attitude is a particular instance as an entity. In the definition above, the term "job" involves one's current position, one's work or one's occupation, and one's employer as its entity. However, one's attitude towards his/her work does not necessarily have to be equal with one's attitudes towards his/her employer, and these two factors often diverge.
Types
Global
Global job attitudes are attitudes developed towards a job through the organization, working environment, affective disposition, aggregate measures of job characteristics and the social environment. They depend on the broad totality of work conditions. In fact, job attitudes are also closely associated with more global measures of life satisfaction. Scales such as "Faces" enable researchers to interpret overall satisfaction with work. The Job in General scale focuses on the cognitive perspective (rather than applied) of the effects of job attitudes. A variety of job attributes are associated with different levels of satisfaction within global job attitudes.
Other types
Job Involvement: Identifying with one's job and actively participating in it, and considering performance important to self-worth.
Organizational Commitment: Identifying with a particular organization and its goals, and wishing to maintain membership in the organization.
Perceived Organizational Support (POS): The degree to which employees feel the organization cares about their well-being. And also the organisation is paying him well salary if he leaves the company his family should be affected.
Employee Engagement: An individual's involvement with, satisfaction with, and enthusiasm for the organization.
Affective
Affective job satisfaction is a singular construct comprising an overall emotional feeling about a job as a whole or in general. Affective job satisfaction is measured with items addressing the extent to which individuals subjectively and emotively like their job overall, not a composite of how individuals cognitively assess two or more specific aspects of their job. The 4-item Brief Index of Affective Job Satisfaction has been developed to produce a purely affective as opposed to cognitive measure of overall affective job satisfaction.
Job facet satisfaction
Job facet satisfaction refers to feelings about specific job aspects, such as salary, benefits, and relationships with co-workers.
Satisfaction with work: The emotional state of a worker while working is critical to job attitudes. Although a person may self-identify in terms of profession, for example as a doctor, lawyer or engineer, it is their well-being at work which is significant in characterizing job attitude. Satisfaction with work can be analyzed by evaluation (I like or dislike my job), cognitively (my work is challenging) and behaviorally (I am reliable).
Supervision: Supervision has a significant relationship with productivity. However, supervision can only be taken positively with acceptance. Therefore, it is important to ensure a positive attitude to work.
Co-workers: Co-workers are a common source of job stress, as demonstrated by studies using role theory.
Pay and promotion: Given employee commitment and organizational personality orientation, compensation and advancement function as positive reinforcement, demonstrating that the worker is valued and reinforcing loyalty.
Influencing factors
Emotional exhaustion
Interpersonal conflict affects job attitudes: cut-throat competition resulted in a bitter relationship with co-workers. The exacerbated stress leads to emotional exhaustion, and this negatively affects job attitude.
Personality
Subordinates' job attitude, such as job satisfaction and turnover intention, does not influence "satisfaction with the supervisor". The supervisor's personality strongly influences the subordinate's "satisfaction with the supervisor". Personality traits of the supervisor, in particular agreeableness, extroversion and emotional stability, are positively related to subordinate attitude and have a greater effect on subordinate satisfaction with supervision than do more general work-related attitudes. Supervisor agreeableness and emotional stability were positively related with employee satisfaction with the supervisor, and supervisor extroversion was negatively correlated with turnover intentions.
Resulting behaviors
Cyber-loafing
Employees who have lower job involvement and intrinsic involvement are more likely to be involved in cyber loafing behavior. Employees who perceive the work environment as supportive and motivating are less likely to engage in cyber loafing; conversely, groups within the company who engage in social loafing using the internet create a norm of such behavior. However, there was only a limited relationship between non-internet loafing behavior and cyber loafing. Chit-chat between co-workers can be a sign of productivity as well as a sign of wasting time.
Task performance
Companies whose workers have positive attitudes are more effective than whose workers do not. Job attitude influences performance, and not performance that influences attitude.
Withdrawal vs. counterproductivity
Human relation variables and group norms are variables of job attitude that are directly related to turnover. Identification with the organization was directly related to turnover, whereas group norms had an indirect relationship with turnover.
See also
Bullshit job
Decent work
Labor rights
Protestant work ethic
Refusal of work
Work ethic
References
Psychological attitude
Employee relations
The jet manakin (Chloropipo unicolor) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
jet manakin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
jet manakin
jet manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2018 Challenge Cup, also known as the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup for sponsorship reasons, was the 117th staging of the Challenge Cup, the main rugby league knockout tournament for teams in the Super League, the British National Leagues and a number of invited amateur clubs.
The cup was won by Catalans Dragons, who beat Warrington Wolves 20–14 at Wembley on 25 August 2018 to become the first non-British team to win the challenge cup in its 117-year history.
The defending champions, Hull F.C., went out at the quarter-final stage.
The Catalans , Tony Gigot, was voted the winner of the Lance Todd Trophy, becoming the first Frenchman to win the trophy since it was first awarded in 1946.
The format of the competition was eight knock-out rounds followed by a final. The first two rounds were composed entirely of 48 amateur teams. The 12 winners of the second round ties were joined in round three by the 14 League 1 teams. For the fourth round, the 13 winners from round 3 were joined by 11 of the 12 Championship teams (Toulouse Olympique. who plays in the Championship, chose not to enter the 2018 cup competition). Round five saw four Super League teams entering the competition, namely those that finished in the top four positions of the 2017 Qualifiers—Warrington Wolves, Widnes Vikings, Hull Kingston Rovers and Catalans Dragons. The remaining eight Super League teams joined in round six.
Round details
*Toulouse Olympique did not participate in the competition.
First round
The draw for the first round was made on 12 December 2017 at Media City and streamed live on the BBC Sport website. The draw was made by recently retired Hull F.C. captain, Gareth Ellis, and former Lance Todd Trophy winner, Paul Wellens. The 48 teams in the draw comprised 39 English amateur teams, the winners of the Scottish, Welsh and Irish leagues, two teams from the Universities rugby league and representative teams for the three armed services and the police.
Ties were played over the weekend of 27–28 January 2018 with the exception of one game postponed to the following weekend.
Second round
The draw for the second round was made on 31 January 2018 at Warrington's Halliwell Jones Stadium and streamed live on the BBC Sport website. The draw was made by Warrington Wolves former prop forward and Swinton Lions coach, Gary Chambers, and current Warrington forward Sitaleki Akauola. The 24 teams in the draw comprised the winners from the first round.
Ties were played on 10 February 2018. Batley Boys won their tie with a drop goal in golden point extra time, having won their first round tie in the same fashion.
Third round
The draw for the third round was made on 13 February live on the BBC Sport website. The draw was made by Super League players Alex Walmsley and Kriss Brining. Ties were played over the weekend of 24–25 February.
Fourth Round
The draw was conducted by former player (and Challenge Cup winner) Rob Parker and former Scottish international Andrew Henderson.
Fifth Round
The draw was made on 20 March 2018 by two Women's Super League players, Faye Gaskin of St. Helens and Gemma Walsh of Wigan Warriors.
Sixth Round
The draw for the Sixth Round was made on 25 April 2018, live on Chris Evans' Breakfast Show on BBC Radio Two, alongside Leeds Rhinos veteran forward Jamie Jones-Buchanan, and Warrington Wolves winger Josh Charnley.
Quarter-finals
The draw for the quarter-finals was made live on BBC Two directly after the conclusion of the Toronto v Warrington game. The draw was made by former players Nathan McAvoy and Robbie Hunter-Paul. Ties were played 31 May – 3 June with all four ties being televised either on Sky Sports or the BBC.
Semi-final
On 30 May 2018 the RFL announced that the semi-finals would be played as a double header at the University of Bolton Stadium in Bolton on Sunday 5 August 2018. The draw was made live on BBC Two, directly after the end of the St Helens v Hull FC match. The draw was made by Sophie Rohan and Emily Burnette (the members of Belle Voci), who would sing "Abide with Me" before the final on 25 August.
Final
Teams:
Catalans: Tony Gigot, Lewis Tierney, David Mead, Brayden Williame, Fouad Yaha, Samisoni Langi, Josh Drinkwater, Mickael Simon, Michael McIlorum, Sam Moa, Benjamin Jullien, Benjamin Garcia, Remi Casty (c).
Substitutes (all used): Julian Bousquet, Jason Baitieri, Kenny Edwards, Mickael Goudemand.
Tries: Tierney, Garcia, Williame. Goals: Drinkwater (4/4)
Warrington: Stefan Ratchford, Tom Lineham, Bryson Goodwin, Toby King, Josh Charnley, Kevin Brown, Tyrone Roberts, Chris Hill (c), Daryl Clark, Mike Cooper, Harvey Livett, Jack Hughes, Ben Westwood.
Substitutes (all used): Ben Murdoch-Masila, George King, Declan Patton, Joe Philbin.
Tries: Murdoch-Masila, G King. Goals: Roberts (3/3)
Broadcasts
The primary broadcast organisation for the competition is BBC Sport. As in 2017 the BBC streamed one tie from each of the first five rounds live on the BBC Sport website with two games from the 6th, 7th and 8th rounds being broadcast live on BBC TV.
Live matches
See also
2018 Women's Challenge Cup
Notes
References
External links
2018
2018 in English rugby league
2018 in Welsh rugby league
2018 in French rugby league
2018 in Scottish sport
2018 in Irish sport
2018 in Canadian rugby league
