"Since You're Gone" is a song by the American rock band the Cars. It was released as the second single from their fourth album, Shake It Up.
Composition
"Since You're Gone" is a power ballad about the breakup of a relationship. AllMusic critic Donald A. Guarisco praises the "inspired wordplay" of lyrics like "you're so treacherous/when it comes to tenderness" but also note the heartfelt quality of lyrics like "Since you're gone I never feel sedate/Since you're gone moonlight ain't so great." Music critic Jim Bohen describes the line "Since you're gone everything's in perfect tense" as an example of Ocasek's "literate wit." Boston Globe critic Steve Morse considers lines such as "since you're gone the nights are getting strange/since you're gone I'm throwing it all away/I can't help it everything's a mess" to be "trite." However, activist Phyllis Schlafly interprets some lines as encouraging suicide, where "life is not worth living after a loved one has gone."
The melody uses an unconventional style, but according to Guarisco the music "retains the emotional tone of the lyrics as it marries chant-like verses to a bridge built on ascending phrases that tug at the heart." According to the liner notes of Just What I Needed: The Cars Anthology, "Since You're Gone" is an example of "[a] more playful quality ... in Ocasek's writing", with a Bob Dylan impersonation where Morse states "...he apes Dylan's vocal phrasing." (e.g. the line: 'You're so treacher-ess!'). San Francisco Examiner contributor Michael Goldberg notes that despite the emotional theme of the song, Ocasek's vocal tone is detached, "almost as if he's discussing a computer that doesn't work anymore." On the other hand, Knight-Ridder Newspapers critic Keith Thomas describes Ocasek's singing as "impassioned". Guitarist Elliot Easton plays a guitar solo that "paid homage to King Crimson leader Robert Fripp." Thomas describes the guitars as "gutsy" and the synthesizers as "winding."
Release
In 1982 "Since You're Gone" was released as the second single from Shake It Up, as the follow-up to "Shake It Up". The song, backed with "Think It Over" in America and "Maybe Baby" in Britain, reached #41 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #24 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. The single was followed by "Victim of Love" in America, and "Think It Over" in Britain.
Like many other Cars songs, "Since You're Gone" had a music video created to accompany it, which starred Ric Ocasek "moping around an empty apartment". The video received adequate airplay on MTV at the time. According to Thomas, the video is one of the Cars' best.
Reception
"Since You're Gone" has since been praised by many music critics. AllMusic critic Donald Guarisco described the song as "a solid showcase for [a strong balance between forward-thinking sounds and classic pop songwriting], using a high-tech arrangement and new wave irony to breathe new life into the power ballad", going on to call it "a solid fusion of rock ballad bombast and new wave futurism that charted just outside the pop chart Top 40." Greg Prato, also of AllMusic, said "the melancholic "Since You're Gone" remains one of Ocasek's best-ever tales of heartbreak". Thomas described it as "a pleasing pop tune."
Charts
References
1981 songs
1982 singles
The Cars songs
Songs written by Ric Ocasek
Song recordings produced by Roy Thomas Baker
Elektra Records singles
This is a list of caliphal governors of Sijistan.
Rabi ibn Ziyad al-Harithi 651-653 CE.
Abd al-Rahman ibn Samura 653-665 CE.
Ubayd Allah ibn Abi Bakra 671-673 CE.
Abbad ibn Ziyad 673–680/81 CE.
Yazid ibn Ziyad 680/81 CE.
Talha ibn Abd Allah al-Khuza'i 683–684.
Abd al-Aziz 684-685 CE.
Abdallah ibn Umaiyah 693-694 CE.
Ubayd Allah ibn Abi Bakra 698-699 CE.
Ibn al-Ash'ath 699-700.
Al-Ashhar ibn Bishr.
Amr ibn Muslim/ Qutayba ibn Muslim circa 710 CE.
Mudrik ibn al-Muhallab 715-717 CE
Yazid ibn al-Ghurayf, 725-726 CE
Ibn Abi Burda -738 CE
Ibrahim ibn Asim al-Uqayli 738-743 CE
References
Sources
Marshak, B.I., and N.N. Negmatov. "Sogdiana." History of Civilizations of Central Asia, Volume III: The Crossroads of Civilizations: A.D. 250 to 750. Eds. B.A. Litvinsky, Zhang Guang-da and R. Shabani Samghabadi. Paris: UNESCO Publishing, 1996.
People of the Muslim conquest of Persia
Governors of Sistan
Umayyad governors of Sijistan
Andres Pedroso (born February 21, 1979) is a former American tennis player.
Pedroso has a career high ATP singles ranking of 271 achieved on April 21, 2003. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 255 achieved on August 16, 2004.
Pedroso has 1 ATP Challenger Tour title at the 2003 Torneo Internacional Challenger León.
External links
1979 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Sportspeople from New York City
Sportspeople from Coral Gables, Florida
Tennis people from Florida
Maurice Borno (1917–1955) was a Haitian painter. Born in Port-au-Prince, Borno attended school in Haiti, New York City, and Paris. He was a founding member of the Centre d'Art and is considered a pioneer of Haitian art.
References
1917 births
1955 deaths
20th-century Haitian painters
20th-century Haitian male artists
Haitian male painters
Haitian expatriates in the United States
Haitian expatriates in France
The 2007–08 season was Inverness Caledonian Thistle's fourth in the Scottish Premier League and 14th since the merger that created the club. They also competed in the Scottish League Cup and the Scottish Cup.
Scottish Premier League
Caley Thistle finished 9th of 12 teams in the SPL, on 43 points from 38 matches. They managed only a disappointing −11 goal differential, from 51 goals scored and 62 allowed. It was a mixed season for statistics, as this tied the club's record for goals scored in an SPL season, set in 2004–05, but also demolished their record for SPL goals conceded by 14. But overall, it could be called a poor season for the Caley, with the lowest total points and lowest finishing league standing since their promotion in 2004.
The exception to this poor form, and the main reason for the team's survival in the SPL, was the month of December. A streak that included wins against Hearts and Celtic earned Craig Brewster Manager of the Month and Marius Niculae Player of the Month honors.
Scottish Cup
To go along with the lackluster league season was a short and poor Scottish Cup. Caley Thistle entered the tournament in the fourth round, and faced Hibernian at Easter Road. Dean Shiels scored a hat trick and sunk Caley's hopes for a cup run at the first possible point as the match finished 3–0 to Hibs.
League Cup
The League Cup provided a bit more positive news for Caley Thistle fans, as the club reached the quarterfinals for the second time in three seasons, on the strength of a 4–1 win over Arbroath and a 3–0 win over Gretna. The run stopped abruptly, however, away to Aberdeen, who beat Caley Thistle 4–1 on the strength of another hat trick (albeit including two penalties), this time from Barry Nicholson.
Results
All the results of the regular matches
Scottish Premier League
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Cup
Club Records Set
(+) Tied - Most SPL goals scored: 51 (also scored 51 in 2004–05)
(−) Lowest SPL finish: 9th (previous was 8th in 2004–05 and 2006–07)
(−) Least SPL points: 43 (previous was 44 in 2004–05)
(−) Worst SPL goal difference: −11 (previous was −6 in 2004–05 and 2006–07)
(−) Most SPL goals allowed: 62 (previous was 48 in 2006–07)
Transfers In
Transfers Out
References
Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. seasons
Inverness Caledonian Thistle
James Brannon House is a historic home located at Lowell, Lake County, Indiana. It was built in 1898, and is a two-story, Queen Anne / Free Classic style frame dwelling. It has clapboard siding and patterned wood shingles on the gable ends. It features a full width front porch and several stained glass windows.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Queen Anne architecture in Indiana
Houses completed in 1898
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
1898 establishments in Indiana
NCUBE may refer to:
Ncube (surname), a South African surname (includes a list of people with the name)
Ncube is an Indian rapper (musician). His real name is Nikhil Dhotre, live's in navi Mumbai, India.
nCUBE Corporation, was a parallel supercomputers maker, and later, provider of video on demand solutions, now a subsidiary of Arris Group via its C-COR acquisition
Ncube satellite, built by Norwegian students
Hypercube of n dimensions
The Future Crayon is a rarities and B-sides compilation by British indie electronic band Broadcast, released on 21 August 2006 by Warp. It collects all the tracks released on singles, EPs and compilations from 1999 to 2003, with the exception of "Drums on Fire" (from Extended Play Two). The iTunes version added a 1997 instrumental from an NME compilation tape, and "Stupido" (the bonus track on the Japanese release of Haha Sound).
Track listing
References
Broadcast (band) compilation albums
2006 compilation albums
Warp (record label) compilation albums
Kirill Yurievich Sergeyev (best known as Kito Jempere; born October 15, 1985, Leningrad) is a Russian electronic musician, DJ, performer and producer. He is the member of the bands Uniquetunes, Saint Petersburg Disco Spin Club, Kito Jempere Band, Mancave and the leader of the solo musical project Toje Kito.
Sergeyev gained international fame under the pseudonym Kito Jempere in 2014. In Russia he became known after participating in an experimental concert of live electronic music on the new stage of the Alexandrinsky Theatre in 2015. Sergeyev performs solo as a DJ and as part of the bands with numerous concerts in Russia and abroad. As a DJ he prefers house, techno, trance, ambient music and other styles. A key feature of Sergeyev's work is the combination of electronic music with live orchestral performance.
Biography
Kirill Yurievich Sergeyev was born on October 15, 1985 in Leningrad. He graduated from the Saint-Petersburg State University of Culture with a degree in Music Business Production. He also studied at the Variety and Jazz Department. Sergeyev spends most of his time in Saint Petersburg, where he composes and records his music. In addition, he produces bars, restaurants and major festivals. From 2013 to 2015, Sergeyev was the art director of Saint Petersburg bars Dom Beata and Beatnik. Since 2016, Sergeyev has been the art director of the Saint Petersburg restaurant Kuznya House located on New Holland Island. In 2021, he helped organize the Italian Holiday festival in Moscow, acting as a music curator.
Sergeyev is married, his wife's name is Anastasia. The couple has a son named Fedor.
Career
Early life
Sergeyev began studying music at the age of six, learning to play the piano. From the age of ten, he wrote songs in Russian and English, and played guitar in school bands. Inspired by the work of Black Francis and the rock band Sonic Youth, in his teens Sergeyev founded his own band. As part of it he experimented with the creation of electronic music on the Intel 80486 computer.
DJ Kirill Sergeew and the Uniquetunes
In 2006, Sergeyev began performing as a DJ. Under the name DJ Kirill Sergeew, he played electronic music in Saint Petersburg nightclubs. At that time he also played the sampler as part of the Uniquetunes. Sergeyev was a permanent member of this band until 2012. Uniquetunes released three studio albums and one compilation of live performances, combining elements of nu jazz, trip-hop, indie rock and psychedelic music. The band also made a big European tour. The work of the Uniquetunes was praised by such musicians as Jaga Jazzist and Clutchy Hopkins. The group took part in such festivals as Open the Windows!, SKIF, Stereoleto Winter Session, BassTheWorld, Live! in the city and performed alongside leading Russian and foreign artists, including Red Snapper, Russian Circles, DJ Krush, Bonobo and Amon Tobin.
In 2009, the Uniquetunes received the Sergey Kuryokhin Award in the Electromechanics nomination as the best electronic music project. Together with the Uniquetunes Kirill Sergeyev composed music for Giuliano Di Capua's “Medea. Episodes”. This play received the Grand Prix of the Sergey Kuryokhin Award in 2011.
Saint Petersburg Disco Spin Club
From 2010 to 2015, Sergeyev worked as a DJ under a new pseudonym — Saint Petersburg Disco Spin Club (SPDSC). The musician began to experiment in the genres of house and disco and in 2011 founded an improvisational band under the same name. The Saint Petersburg Disco Spin Club included Sergey Lipsky from the Simple Symmetry band, Grigory Dobrynin from On-The-Go, singer Yana Blinder, DJ Leonid Lipelis and others. Sergeyev continued to perform solo as a DJ and in 2013 released the album Contemporary Sound of Russia in collaboration with some members of the Saint Petersburg Disco Spin Club and other musicians. The album was released on the Glenview music label. Sergeyev became the A&R manager of this label in 2013.
In May 2013, Saint Petersburg Disco Spin Club took part in the Bosco Fresh festival held in Gorky Park as part of the Cherry Forest Open Art Festival. Saint Petersburg Disco Spin Club performed with Therr Maitz, Woodkid, Datarock, Motorama and other artists. In 2015, the band held an improvisational concert in one of the recording studios in St. Petersburg. At the same time in this studio the band recorded its live album.
Kito Jempere
In 2013, Kirill Sergeyev for the first time used the name Kito Jempere to record a track at Freerange Records, a record company owned by British DJ and producer Jamie Odell. Sergeyev said that while choosing this pseudonym he was inspired by the Japanese and Finnish languages. In 2014, Kito Jempere created his own record label Fata Morgana, where Sergeyev released his deep house solo album Objects. The musician described this album's style as "non-dance electronic music".
In 2015, Sergeyev made his debut with an improvisational concert of live electronic music. He performed on the new stage of the Alexandrinsky Theatre as part of the Open Rehearsal project. The musician's team experimented with using various objects as musical instruments, including a typewriter. Sergeyev performed with DJ Leonid Lipelis, SBPC leader Kirill Ivanov, IOWA drummer Ruslan Gadzhimuradov, multi-instrumentalist Anton Malinen, vocalist Artemy Gubnin, sound engineer Roman Urazov, as well as musicians Georgy Kotunov, Leon Sukhodolsky, Matvey Averin and Igor Shilov. Later Kirill Sergeyev invited Urazov, Gadzhimuradov, Averin and Lipelis to join the main part of the newly created Kito Jempere Band.
In 2016, the band was one of the headliners of the Present Perfect Festival in Saint Petersburg. In 2017, Kito Jempere Band recorded its first album Sea Monster. Ivanov, Kotunov, Sukhodolsky, Shilov and Malinen participated in the creation of this album as session musicians. The predominant house compositions of the album combined elements of pop ballads and psychedelic music. Sea Monster, described by critics as a "Petersburg balearic", received positive reviews and worldwide interest. It was released in CD format in Japan, was aired on international radio stations BBC Radio 6 Music, NTS Radio London and was playing on DJ Tim Sweeney's radio show in the US.
In July 2017, Kito Jempere Band took part in the Alfa Future electronic music festival in the Nizhny Novgorod region. In the same month, the band performed in Kolomenskoye Park in Moscow on the stage of the Afisha Picnic festival. Bands such as Kasabian, Foals, the Mushrooms, 5'Nizza, A$AP Ferg, Husky also performed there. A year later, Kirill Sergeyev organized a concert on the main stage of New Holland Island in Saint Petersburg. Electronic musicians from Kito Jempere Band, Mujuice, Jimi Tenor and other performers took part in the concert as invited guests. The key feature of this concert was a symphony orchestra that performed arrangements of Sergeyev's electronic music.
In 2019, Kito Jempere Band took part in several major Russian festivals, including Stereoleto and Alfa Future People. At the Stereoleto festival, held by Tinkoff Bank in the Sevkabel Port art space, the musicians played together with Monetochka, Mumiy Troll and other artists.
In 2020, Kirill Sergeyev recorded another solo album under the name Kito Jempere — Yet Another Kito Jempere Album. This work was the result of Sergeyev's collaboration with a number of Russian and foreign electronic musicians, including Jimi Tenor, Richard Ter — the Red Snapper drummer, Mujuice, Miriam Sekhon, the New Composers and some members of Kito Jempere Band. The eclectic album, which combines compositions in the style of rap, trip-hop, minimal techno, jazz and French chanson, was praised by the critics. For Cosmonautics Day 2020, the New Composers and Kito Jempere released a premiere video for one of the songs from the new album. The live premiere of this album was postponed several times due to the global coronavirus pandemic. As of December 2021, the premiere is scheduled to take place at the Present Perfect festival in the summer of 2022.
Since the summer of 2020, the musician has been involved in the work of the Mancave band, which includes DJ Leonid Lipelis, guitarist Daniil Brod (also known for his participation in the Pompeya band), drummer Ruslan Gadzhimuradov and Grigory Nelyubin. The band presented their first album Berloga in August 2021 as part of the Jameson Yard x Strelka Bar pop-up project in Moscow.
In October 2021, Sergeyev released the mini-album Middle-Aged Hipster Crisis. In this work the musician for the first time used his own voice to record musical compositions.
Toje Kito
In November 2021, Kirill Sergeyev recorded his debut single under the new pseudonym Toje Kito. This track was recorded in Russian together with On-The-Go vocalist Yuri Makarychev.
Discography
«Uniquetunes»
The following albums were released under Uniquetunes band brand:
Saint Petersburg Disco Spin Club
Several mini-albums, singles and recordings were realised under the Saint Petersburg Disco Club name:
Kito Jempere
31 singles, including three full-length albums have been released under the name of Kito Jempere:
Albums
Mini-albums (EP) and singles
2013 — «Confusion» (EP)
2015 — «Objects Remixes» (EP)
2015 — «Akio» (EP)
2015 — «Amended Wonders» (EP)
2016 — «Bah029»
2016 — «Loose Fits» (EP)
2016 — «I'm Saved»
2017 — «Super Sax Sounds» (EP)
2018 — «Damp Firecrackers» (EP)
2019 — «Uohha! / To Marvin»
2019 — «DB7 003»
2020 — «Your Ghost In Me» (EP)
2020 — «Time Traveler»
2021 — «思考気雲»
2021 — «Et Que Je Dorme»
2021 — «Sergio Leone»
2021 — «After The Storm»
Remix
From 2013 to 2021, Sergeyev, under the brand name Kito Jempere, released remixes of compositions by Russian and foreign artists, including Red Snapper (Blue Chest, 2015; B Planet, 2021), Mumiy Troll (Jimolost, 2019), Haddaway and Wolfram (12) ("My Love Is For Real", 2019).
References
Russian DJs
Living people
1986 births
Musicians from Saint Petersburg
21st-century Russian male musicians
Russian electronic musicians
Russian house musicians
The following lists events that happened during 1957 in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Incumbents
Events
January – March
16 March – Representing Luxembourg, Danièle Dupré finishes fourth in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958 with the song Amours mortes (tant de peine).
25 March – Luxembourg is one of the six founder signatories of the Treaty of Rome, creating the European Economic Community.
April – June
July – September
29 July – Health insurance is made mandatory for all employees.
October – December
31 December – The new title of 'Secretary of State' is created for junior members of the government.
Births
1 February – Jean-Marie Halsdorf, politician
9 February – Camille Kerger, musician
23 April – Sophie, Princess of Ligne
15 May – Prince Jean of Luxembourg
15 May – Princess Margaretha of Liechtenstein
29 May – Yvette Gastauer-Claire, sculptor
9 July – Roland Bombardella, soldier and athlete
13 July – Eugène Urbany, cyclist
6 October Roland Wiltgen, composer
Deaths
27 April – Nicolas Brücher, painter
12 August – Jean Koppes, physicist
Footnotes
References
An anxiety threshold is the level of anxiety that, when reached, can affect a person's performance. Anxiety is an emotion, similar to fear, that can be created by insecurities in one's abilities, concerns for the future, such as financial or situational circumstances, or past memories of frightening experiences. Anxiety can affect all age groups and if fears are irrational, it may cause mental disorders. An individual's anxiety threshold can be measured by the amount of anxiety consistently manifested from situation to situation.
Sub-threshold anxiety traits can be mild, atypical, or masked and therefore present a negative result for tests such as the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). These sub-threshold symptoms are therefore often overlooked as early signs of more serious anxiety disorders. Social anxiety disorder is one of the most frequent anxiety disorders. Both threshold and sub-threshold social anxiety disorders are associated with a higher risk for many other disorders. Anxiety sensitivity is a characteristic that can be described as the fear of anxiety. Anxiety sensitivity is an integral factor in the development and maintenance of anxiety. A panic attack can be induced when an anxiety threshold is reached.
Statistics
Anxiety disorders are the most common mental illness in the U.S., affecting 40 million adults in the United States age 18 and older, or 18.1% of the population every year. According to the Anxiety and Depression Association of America, anxiety disorders are highly treatable but only 36.9% of people receive treatment. Anxiety doesn't limit itself to adults, as 25.1% of children age 13-18 are affected by it. Anxiety in children and teens can lead to being distracted easily, missing out on social events, and substance abuse. According to the World Health Organization(WHO), 1 in 13 people in the entire world are affected by anxiety. Typically, those who suffer from Anxiety orders also suffer from Depression, vice versa. Out of the people that have been diagnosed with Depression, almost 50% have also been diagnosed with some sort of Anxiety Disorder. Everyone person with Anxiety disorders has an anxiety threshold, but not everyone reaches it.
Symptoms
There are 3 key symptoms to look out for that someone may be reaching their anxiety threshold:
Physical
Panic attacks, hot and cold flashes, racing heart, tightening of the chest, quick breathing, restlessness, or feeling tense, wound up and edgy, irritability, restlessness, difficulty concentrating, and a snowball effect of fear and worry over time. Some other physical symptoms can range from feeling shaky or dizzy to that feeling of butterflies in your stomach, as well as having aches in your back and neck regions.
When a panic attack ensues, a rush of intense anxiety and fear along with frightening thoughts and physical feelings occur. This can cause to person to have thoughts that include, "I'm going to die.", "I'm having a heart-attack.", "This isn't going to stop.", and "I can't breathe." In that moment, it can be terrifying for the person experiencing these thoughts and feelings and it can feel like an eternity for the person going through it, but it's important to recognize that they will pass. Panic attack are usually short and last about 10 minutes.
Psychological
Excessive fear, constant worry, catastrophizing, or obsessive thinking. These fears can take over and make things seem as though they are out of control, this is the same for the constant worry. Sometimes these worries may seem irrational or they don't make sense and they may take over and cause problems with concentrating.
Behavioral
Avoidance of situations that cause anxiety, which can have an impact on study, work or social life. Other signs are withdrawing from friends and family, not being able to control worries about things not in their control, the inability to relax or get to sleep quickly, and getting irritated quickly.
Performance
Performance is a huge factor affected by anxiety thresholds and their treatments. There are many different ways that an individual can experience performance changes.
There can be problems with medication that cause adverse side effects. This can can include things like drowsiness and fatigue to blurred vision and hand tremors. There are many more side effects to medication that can affect performance including dry mouth/thirst and slowed response times.
Can cause problems in blocking out sensory stimuli that can interfere in the ability to focus on tasks. It can become overwhelming with loud noise and crowds.
Concentration becomes difficult to sustain. Increased restlessness and a shortened attention span can affect the ability to understand or remember what others say. Individuals become easily distracted as well.
Maintaining stamina: difficulty sustaining enough energy to spend a whole day of classes on campus; combating drowsiness due to medications.
Handling time pressures and multiple tasks: difficulty managing assignments, prioritizing tasks, and meeting deadlines. Inability to multi-task work.
Interacting with others: difficulty getting along, fitting in, contributing to group work, and reading social cues.
Fear of authority figures: difficulty approaching instructors or teaching assistants.
Responding to negative feedback: difficulty understanding and correctly interpreting criticism or poor grades. May not be able to separate person from task (personalization or defensiveness due to low self-esteem).
Responding to change: difficulty coping with unexpected changes in coursework, such as changes in the assignments, due dates, or instructors. Limited ability to tolerate interruptions.
Severe test anxiety: such that the individual is rendered emotionally and physically unable to take the exam.
Causes
There are many different things that can cause someone to reach their anxiety threshold. Emotional, physical, and mental exhaustion caused by excessive and prolonged stress can all be contributing factors. In addition, anxiety threshold occurs when feeling overwhelmed, emotionally drained, and unable to meet constant demands. As the stress continues, people may begin to lose the interest and motivation that led them to take on a certain role in the first place.
Media
Genetics
Work
School
Illness
Drug Abuse
Toxic Relationships
Emotional Trauma
Medication Side Effect
Respiratory Disorders
Stress
Heart disease
Diabetes
Thyroid problems
Irritable bowel syndrome or chronic pain
Tumors that can cause fight-or-flight hormone responses
Past or childhood experiences: emotional and physical abuse, neglect, loss of a parent, or being bullied and socially excluded
Not meeting expectations from yourself or others
Your current life situation: exhaustion, stress building up, loss of work, bills, debt, pressure to perform at work, and possibility of losing a loved one
Management
A wide variety of treatment options are available for Anxiety Disorders. A few include, but are not limited to; Therapy, Medication, Complementary and Alternative Treatment, and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
Medications
Anti-Depressants
Buspirone
Benzodiazepines
Home Remedies
Lifestyle can make a big difference in how people feel and think. Here are a few things people have tried to decrease anxiety throughout their everyday life:
Be physically active. Having a routine to follow can help stay active throughout the week. Staying active throughout the week can be a great way to relieve stress and improve mood. This exercise doesn't need to be strenuous. It can start out easy and slowly increase in intensity. It's best to get at least two and a half hours of moderate exercise in each week or one hour and 15 mins of intense activity each week. Moderate exercise could include anything that is not high intensity like brisk walking. Intense exercise could include things like swimming laps or jogging. It can also be a combination of both, but that isn't needed if trying to manage anxiety.
Get enough sleep. This means waking up and feeling rested. Sometimes people will experience problems with sleeping, if this is the case, consult your doctor.
Do things that help you relax. There are many techniques that can help reach relaxation. Things like meditation or yoga are just some of the techniques used.
Eating healthy. This has some evidence to reduced anxiety. Eating healthy involves focusing on the main food groups like fruits and vegetables as well as protein and whole grains.
Avoid drugs and alcohol. Consuming these can cause adverse reactions that affect anxiety.
Avoid smoking or caffeine. Caffeine is found in things like coffee and soda. Smoking and caffeine can have a negative effect on anxiety.
Journaling. Journaling allows a person to write down all of their thoughts, worries, and feelings in a safe space. Studies have shown show that journaling can help individuals understand their true self more clearly and assist them in gaining control of confusing emotions.
Sunlight. The sun does great things for your overall well-being. Some ways that the sun helps your physical and mental health are; increased Vitamin-D, improved mood, higher quality sleep, stronger bones, and lowered blood pressure. All of these examples can decrease anxiety symptoms.
Try to understand that things are not always in your control and that's okay. Try to take another perspective to see if what is causing the anxiety is really something that needs to be worried about.
Stay positive. If you catch yourself thinking negatively try to focus on things you are grateful for or that you find beautiful. Try to change those negative thoughts to positive thoughts.
Be open to humor. Having a bit of laughter in life can help a lot when managing anxiety.
Figure out what is causing your anxiety in certain moments. Like mentioned before, keeping a journal can help. In this journal, write down the things that are causing you to feel anxious. Over time, look for a pattern to what makes you anxious.
Involve yourself. Being involved in the community can create a sense of unity. It also creates a space for support, which can then give release from stress.
Has someone to talk to. Having people in life that are trusted and loving can help when dealing with anxiety. Let them know what is happening in life that causes these feelings of anxiety and what they can do to help. If this isn't enough, seek professional help from a therapist or doctor.
Measures of anxiety
There are 2 sub-scales used to measure anxiety; the State Anxiety Scale, and the Trait Anxiety Scale. The S-Anxiety Scale evaluates the current state of anxiety, while the T-Anxiety Scale evaluates aspects of "anxiety proneness", including general states of calmness, confidence and security. Both of these scales are measured on a 1-4 scale, the S-Anxiety scale being not at all-moderately and T-Anxiety scale being almost never-almost always. These scales are used to measure triggers of anxiety and levels of anxiety experienced. Results vary per person, as each individual experiences anxiety in different ways.
Types of Anxiety
Generalized anxiety disorder
Social anxiety disorder
Specific phobias
Panic disorder
Disorders Where Anxiety is Present
Obsessive–compulsive disorder
Posttraumatic stress disorder
References
Anxiety
The Föhringer Ring is a roughly 2.5 km long inner city street in Munich. It passes through the district of Freimann and is a part of the Outer Ring.
The Föhringer Ring runs from the Frankfurter Ring to Effnerstraße, and crosses over the Isar on the Herzog-Heinrich-Brücke. It runs through the municipal area of Unterföhring on the East side. The Basispyramide Unterföhring is situated at the transition to Effnerstraße, from which the topographical surveying of Bavaria took its starting point at the beginning of the 19th century.
The Beach arena, the Max Planck Institute for Physics, the tennis club MTTC Iphitos, as well as the beer garden Aumeister are located on the Föhringer Ring. To the south is the Studentenstadt and the northern part of the Englischer Garten. To the north is a work site of the Bayerischer Rundfunk, to the north-east is the cogeneration plant north.
Streets in Munich
Buildings and structures in Munich
Patrick Onnockx (born 15 July 1959) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in two editions of the Tour de France.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclists from Flemish Brabant
People from Halle, Belgium
Gary Fred Merrill (August 2, 1915 – March 5, 1990) was an American film and television actor whose credits included more than 50 feature films, a half-dozen mostly short-lived TV series, and dozens of television guest appearances. He starred in All About Eve and married his costar Bette Davis.
Early life
Merrill was born in Hartford, Connecticut, and attended Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, and Trinity College in Hartford. He began acting in 1944, while still in the United States Army Air Forces, in the play Winged Victory.
Career
Before entering films, Merrill's deep cultured voice won him a recurring role as Batman in the Superman radio series. His film career began promisingly, with roles in films such as Twelve O'Clock High (1949) and All About Eve (1950), but he rarely moved beyond supporting roles in his many Westerns, war movies, and medical dramas. His television career was extensive. He appeared from 1954 to 1956 as Jason Tyler on the crime drama Justice.
In 1958, Merrill guest starred with June Lockhart in the roles of Joshua and Emily Newton in the episode "Medicine Man" of the series Cimarron City.
Merrill had recurring roles in Then Came Bronson with Michael Parks and Young Doctor Kildare, both of which lasted less than a season.
In addition to Merrill's starring roles in several episodes of Alfred Hitchcock Presents, in November 1963 he starred with Phyllis Thaxter and Fess Parker (Daniel Boone) in a memorable episode of The Alfred Hitchcock Hour ("Nothing Ever Happens in Linvale").
In 1964, he starred as city editor Lou Sheldon in the short-lived drama The Reporter.
In 1967, he starred in the Elvis Presley film Clambake, with costar James Gregory.
Aside from an occasional role as narrator, Merrill essentially retired from the entertainment business after 1980. Shortly before his death, he authored the autobiography Bette, Rita and the Rest of My Life (1989).
Personal life
Merrill's first marriage, to Barbara Leeds in 1941, ended in divorce in Mexico on July 28, 1950. That same day, he married Bette Davis, his costar from All About Eve, and adopted her daughter, Barbara, from a previous marriage. They adopted two more children, Margot and Michael, but they had a bitter divorce in 1960.
Often politically active, he campaigned in 1958 to elect the Democrat Edmund Muskie as governor of Maine. He also took part in the Selma to Montgomery marches in 1965 to promote Black voter registration. In response to U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson's Vietnam War policy, he unsuccessfully sought nomination to the Maine legislature as an anti-war, pro-environmentalist primary candidate.
Merrill survived his second ex-wife, Bette Davis, by only five months, dying of lung cancer in Falmouth, Maine, on March 5, 1990. He is buried in the Pine Grove Cemetery. He was survived by a son, Michael; a daughter, Margot; a brother, Jerry; and two grandchildren.
Filmography
This Is the Army (1943) - Backstage MP on Right (uncredited)
Winged Victory (1944) - Capt. McIntyre
Slattery's Hurricane (1949) - Cmdr. E.T. Kramer
Twelve O'Clock High (1949) - Col. Keith Davenport
Mother Didn't Tell Me (1950) - Doctor Peter Roberts
Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950) - Tommy Scalise
All About Eve (1950) - Bill Sampson (A typographical error in the film's credits lists the character's name as "Simpson.)
Rawhide (1951) - Narrator (voice, uncredited)
The Frogmen (1951) - Lt. Cmdr. Pete Vincent
Another Man's Poison (1951) - George Bates
Decision Before Dawn (1951) - Col. Devlin
Phone Call from a Stranger (1952) - David Trask
The Girl in White (1952) - Dr. Seth Pawling
Night Without Sleep (1952) - Richard Morton
A Blueprint for Murder (1953) - Fred Sargent
Witness to Murder (1954) - Lawrence Mathews
The Black Dakotas (1954) - Brock Marsh posing as Zachary Paige
The Human Jungle (1954) - Police Capt. John Danforth
Navy Wife (1956) - Jack Blain
Bermuda Affair (1956) - Bob Scoffield
The Missouri Traveler (1958) - Doyle Magee
Crash Landing (1958) - Capt. Steve Williams
The Wonderful Country (1959) - Maj. Stark Colton
The Savage Eye (1960) - The poet
The Great Impostor (1961) - Pa Demara
The Pleasure of His Company (1961) - James Dougherty
Mysterious Island (1961) - Gideon Spilitt
A Girl Named Tamiko (1962) - Max Wilson
Hong Kong un Addio (Farewell to Hong Kong, 1963)
The Searching Eye (1964) - Narrator
Catacombs (1965) - Raymond Garth
Ride Beyond Vengeance (1966) - Dub Stokes
Cast a Giant Shadow (1966) - Pentagon Chief of Staff (scenes deleted)
Destination Inner Space (1966) - Dr. LaSatier
Around the World Under the Sea (1966) - Dr. August 'Gus' Boren
The Last Challenge (1967) - Squint Calloway
Clambake (1967) - Sam
The Incident (1967) - Douglas McCann
The Power (1968) - Mark Corlane
Più tardi, Claire, più tardi (1968) - George Dennison
Amarsi male (1969)
The Secret of the Sacred Forest (1970) - Mike Parks
Earth II (1971) - Walter Dietrich
Huckleberry Finn (1974) - Pap
Thieves (1977) - Street Man
The Seekers (1979) - Capt. Hull
September Song (1984)
Television
Merrill's television work spanned from 1953 to 1980. Most of his appearances were in guest-star roles in episodic and anthology series. Among the programs he appeared in were:
The 20th Century-Fox Hour
Wagon Train
Studio 57
Studio One
Playhouse 90, Alcoa Theatre
Rawhide
Laramie
Cimarron City
Sam Benedict
Alfred Hitchcock Presents (numerous episodes, including "Man With A Problem" 1957 and "O Youth and Beauty" 1960)
Zane Grey Theater
The Twilight Zone (episode "Still Valley" as Confederate soldier Joseph Paradine)
General Electric Theater
Ben Casey
Combat!
The Outer Limits
Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre
Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea
The Time Tunnel
Marcus Welby, M.D.
Medical Center
Kung Fu
Cannon
Movin' On.
The American Adventure (narrator, 1972–73)
The Valiant Years
Radio appearances
References
External links
1915 births
1990 deaths
Male actors from Maine
American male film actors
American male radio actors
American male television actors
Bowdoin College alumni
Deaths from cancer in Maine
Deaths from lung cancer
Maine Democrats
People from Falmouth, Maine
Male actors from Hartford, Connecticut
20th Century Fox contract players
20th-century American male actors
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Activists for African-American civil rights
Hayden Rashidi Walsh (born 23 April 1992) is an Antiguan-American cricketer who has represented both the United States and the West Indies cricket teams in international cricket. He was born in the United States Virgin Islands to an Antiguan father, Hayden Walsh Sr. He is a left-handed batsman and right-arm leg-spin bowler.
Background
Walsh was born on Saint Croix, in the U.S. Virgin Islands, and is therefore an American citizen. His Antiguan father, Hayden Walsh Sr., and uncle, Vaughn Walsh, both played first-class matches for the Leeward Islands.
West Indian domestic cricket
Walsh made his first-class debut for the Leeward Islands during the 2011–12 Regional Four Day Competition. In his third match, against Trinidad and Tobago, he took figures of 4/47, including the wickets of West Indies internationals Jason Mohammed and Rayad Emrit. Walsh's highest first-class score to date came during the 2013–14 season of the competition, an innings of 86 against Jamaica.
He made his Twenty20 debut for St Kitts and Nevis Patriots in the 2018 Caribbean Premier League on 28 August 2018.
USA cricket
In October 2018, Walsh was named in the United States' squad for the 2018 ICC World Cricket League Division Three tournament in Oman. In February 2019, he was named in the United States' Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against the United Arab Emirates. The matches were the first T20I fixtures to be played by the United States cricket team. He made his T20I debut for the United States against the United Arab Emirates on 15 March 2019.
In April 2019, he was named in the United States cricket team's squad for the 2019 ICC World Cricket League Division Two tournaments in Namibia. The United States finished in the top four places in the tournament, therefore gaining One Day International (ODI) status. Walsh made his ODI debut for the United States on 27 April 2019, against Papua New Guinea, in the tournament's third-place playoff.
In June 2019, he was named in a 30-man training squad for the United States cricket team, ahead of the Regional Finals of the 2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier tournament in Bermuda. Later the same month, he was selected to play for the Vancouver Knights franchise team in the 2019 Global T20 Canada tournament. In August 2019, he was named in the United States' squad for the Regional Finals of the 2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier tournament.
West Indies career
In October 2019, he was named in the Leeward Islands' squad for the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament.
In October 2019, Walsh was named in the West Indies' One Day International (ODI) and Twenty20 International (T20I) squads for their series against Afghanistan in India. On 6 November 2019, he made his ODI debut for the West Indies against Afghanistan, after previously playing one ODI for the United States, becoming the 14th cricketer to represent two international teams in ODIs. On 14 November 2019, he made his T20I debut for the West Indies, also against Afghanistan. Walsh had previously played eight T20Is for the United States, becoming the ninth cricketer to represent two international teams in T20Is.
In July 2020, he was named in the Barbados Tridents squad for the 2020 Caribbean Premier League.
In December 2020, Walsh was named in West Indies's ODI squad for their series against Bangladesh. But after testing positive for COVID-19, he was ruled out of the three match ODI series. In July 2021, Hayden Walsh Jr. was named Player of the Series in the 5 match T20I series against Australia after picking 12 wickets.
In July 2021, in the opening match of the series against Australia, Walsh took his first five-wicket haul in ODI cricket. On 8 August 2021, ICC announced that Walsh, Shakib Al Hasan and Mitchell Marsh was nominated for ICC Player of the Month awards for July 2021. In September 2021, Walsh was named in the West Indies' squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup.
See also
List of the Leeward Islands first-class cricketers
References
External links
Player profile and statistics at CricketArchive
Player profile and statistics at ESPNcricinfo
1992 births
Living people
American cricketers
Antigua and Barbuda cricketers
Leeward Islands cricketers
United States Virgin Islands cricketers
United States Virgin Islands people of Antigua and Barbuda descent
Barbados cricketers
St Kitts and Nevis Patriots cricketers
West Indies One Day International cricketers
West Indies Twenty20 International cricketers
United States One Day International cricketers
United States Twenty20 International cricketers
United States Virgin Islands expatriate sportspeople
Dual international cricketers
The 1927 Colgate football team represented Colgate University as an independent during the 1927 college football season. In it second season under head coach George Hauser, Colgate compiled a 4–2–3 record and outscored opponents by a total of 99 to 33.
Schedule
References
Colgate
Colgate Raiders football seasons
Colgate football
John Main Coffee (January 23, 1897 – June 2, 1983) was a U.S. Representative from Washington.
Education
John Coffee was born in Tacoma, Washington and attended the public schools. He then attended the University of Washington in Seattle, earning an A.B. and LL.B., 1920 and graduated from the law department of Yale Law School, J.D., in 1921.
He was admitted to the bar in 1922 and commenced practice as a lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Public service
In 1922, Coffee was appointed Secretary to United States Senator C.C. Dill until 1924. He then became Secretary of the Advisory Board of the National Recovery Administration, 1933-1935.
Coffee also served as Appraiser and examiner of Pierce County, Washington for the State Inheritance Tax and Escheat Division from 1933-1936 as well as Civil service commissioner for Tacoma, Washington, in 1936.
Election
Coffee was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1936 as a Democrat and served in Seventy-fifth and to the four succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1937 – January 3, 1947).
On August 13, 1937, Rep. Coffee introduced a bill to create a permanent Federal Bureau of Fine Arts with six departments: theatre, dance, music, literature, graphic and plastic arts, and architecture and decoration. A similar bill was introduced in the Senate by Florida Senator Claude Pepper. Opera singer Lawrence Tibbett chaired a citizens' committee promoting the bill, which was supported by Robert Montgomery, Theodore Dreiser, Lillian Gish, Martha Graham, Rockwell Kent, Hendrik Willem van Loon, and Sherwood Anderson, among others. Frank Lloyd Wright also supported the bill. The bill was opposed by sculptor Gutzon Borglum and composer Walter Damrosch. The Fine Arts Federation of New York called the bill an attempt to unionize artists, warning that it would sap their creative spirit, and the advent of World War II led to its abandonment.
In 1946 it was revealed during the Garsson/May investigation that Coffee had accepted a $2500 check from a Tacoma contractor in 1941 and failed to list it as a campaign contribution. Coffee promised not to accept such gifts in the future.
Coffee was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1946 to the Eightieth Congress when he was defeated by Republican Thor Tollefson. Coffee would also run losing races in 1950 for the Eighty-second Congress and in 1958 to the Eighty-sixth Congress.
Death
Coffee then became a practicing attorney in Tacoma, Washington, until his death in June 1983.
John Main Coffee Jr.
Coffee's son, John Main Coffee Jr. (November 20, 1928 – May 8, 2012), was a Unitarian minister and a longtime professor of history at Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts, and coauthored A Century of Eloquence: the history of Emerson College, 1880-1980. He was also editor of The Fare Box, a publication from the American Vecturist Association.
References
External links
John Coffee Papers 1940-1952
1897 births
1983 deaths
Yale Law School alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
20th-century American politicians
Jadopur is a village in the south-central part of Bihiya block of Bhojpur district, Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 2,923, in 417 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Aranthangi railway station is a railway station serving the town of Aranthangi in Tamil Nadu, India.
Location
The railway station is located off the Aranthangi–Kattumavadi Rd of Mayiladthurai. The nearest bus depot is located in Aranthangi while the nearest airport is situated away in Tiruchirappalli.
Lines
The station is a focal point of the historic main line Chennai–Rameswaram line. Because Karaikudi Jn to Thiruvarur Jn gauge conversion. Services start soon at next year completely or beginning of 2020. Now gauge conversion is completely between Karaikudi Jn to Pattukkottai Jn via Aranthangi station. Upon the latest news from Southern Railways and railway commissioner inspect the gauge line completely and train services start for passengers use in Feb last 2018.
References
External links
Trichy railway division
Railway stations in Pudukkottai district
Sunu may refer to:
Sunu, Iran, a village in South Khorasan Province
Gilles Sunu, French footballer of Togolese descent
Manu Sunu, Togolese footballer
Sastha Sunu, Indonesian film editor
Party for Solidarity and Development of Senegal – Sunu Party
Sunü, the divine sister of the Chinese war and sex goddess Jiutian Xuannü
O'Connors Rock () is a rock 0.1 nautical miles (0.2 km) southwest of Stenhouse Bluff, King George Island, lying in Visca Anchorage in the north part of Admiralty Bay, in the South Shetland Islands. First charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1908–10, under Charcot. The name "O'Connor's Rock" was first used for this feature on a British chart and is probably after Midshipman W. P. O'Connor, Royal Navy Reserve, who assisted in a sketch survey of Visca Anchorage in the Discovery in 1927.
Rock formations of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
The Lithuanian Armed Forces Headquarters Band (), also known as the LKO HQ Band is a Lithuanian musical unit stationed in Vilnius, being attached to the Grand Duke Gediminas Staff Battalion and one of 5 that are based in the country. It is the largest professional military band in Lithuania as well as in the military bands in the other Baltic States, being larger than the Kaitseväe Orkester and the Central Military Band of the Latvian National Armed Forces. The band is currently led by Egidijus Ališauskas, with assistance from the deputy commander, Lieutenant Dainius Pavilionis.
History
On September 4, 1991, the Lithuanian Armed Forces Band was founded following the restoration of Lithuania's independence. The band was then managed by Major General (1938–2013) and was made up of 57 civilian and military musicians, many with prior experience in military bands in the Soviet Union. It was formed in the basis of the HQ Band of the Vilnus Garrison under the Soviet Army, which served as the official military band of the city during Soviet times and was the Lithuanian SSR's principal band for state celebrations.
The main purpose of the band is to participate in the official meetings of high ranking foreign guests and in ceremonial events of the Lithuanian Armed Forces. In addition, the band also conducts regular concerts on public holidays, and competes in musical festivals. As of date, the band has released seven CDs. The band also prepares parades performed during various holidays.
Performances and Collaborations
Since its creation, the band has worked with the military bands of many other countries that are members of the European Union and NATO. The band has successfully participated in military music festivals and has performed in Germany, Belgium, Poland, the Netherlands, Denmark, France, Estonia, Sweden, Guinea, and the Czech Republic. In 1996, it won 1st place in the Grand Prix at the International bands in Poland, and in 1999, participated in the NATO Military band Festival in Kaiserslautern Germany. On special occasions, the band wears historical 18th century uniforms of the Infantry Regiment of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
2006 LSDP performance controversy
At the end of June 2004, a public event was held in Vilnius to commemorate the 110th anniversary of the Lithuanian Social Democratic Party, to which, at the request of one of the leaders of the LSDP, defence minister Gediminas Kirkilas sent the armed forces band. Opposition parties were outraged by the participation of Lithuanian military musicians in the event, with members of the Liberal Movement of the Seimas demanding an explanation from Kirkilas. Kirkilas justified his decision, explaining that the anniversary of the LSDP was "a significant cultural event related to the statehood of Lithuania and a part of the country's cultural heritage." In October of that year, the Central Commission for Official Ethics (COEC) ruled that then Minister of National Defense Kirkilas had not committed an offense by asking the President to send the band to the LSDP event. Commenting on the COEC decision, Chief of Defence Valdas Tutkus said that the event was not a domestic party, but a public event for Vilnius residents, which the army always tries to participate in to cultivate patriotism, love and respect for the army.
References
External links
Discography
LR VRM Orkestras Dūdų vasara 2014
LR VRM reprezentacinis pučiamųjų orkestras Baltijos kelio 25 metų minėjime
Massed Netherlands Royal & Lithuanian Army Bands in Vilnius plays Lithuanian Top Hits Medley
Lithuanian military bands
Lithuanian musical groups
Military units and formations of Lithuania
Musical groups established in 1991
Military units and formations established in 1991
1991 establishments in Lithuania
Kundashly () is a rural locality (a village) and the administrative centre of Kundashlinsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 597 as of 2010. There are 12 streets.
Geography
Kundashly is located 30 km southeast of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Chukaly is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
William Ray Black (September 25, 1920 – May 1, 2002) was an American construction executive and college baseball coach.
Early life
Black was born and raised in Paducah, Kentucky, where his father, Ray owned a construction business. He attended the University of Kentucky and graduated in 1942 from the University of Kentucky College of Education. He played baseball and football at UK and during his senior year, served as player-coach of the baseball team. The Kentucky Wildcats baseball team had a record of seven wins and six losses under his leadership.
Later life
After graduation from UK, Black enlisted in the US Army during World War II. After the war, he worked for the family business, by then called Ray Black & Son. He served the University of Kentucky by serving four terms as alumni representative to the university's board of trustees. He also served for 22 years on the Paducah Board of Education.
References
External links
1920 births
2002 deaths
Kentucky Wildcats baseball coaches
Kentucky Wildcats baseball players
Kentucky Wildcats football players
Player-coaches
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army soldiers
Sportspeople from Paducah, Kentucky
Players of American football from Kentucky
Baseball players from Kentucky
The 1919–20 Michigan College of Mines Huskies men's ice hockey season was the inaugural season of play for the program.
Season
After World War I college hockey began to expand west from its heartland in New England. Michigan College of Mines was one of two schools in the midwest to begin play in the 1919–20 season (the other being Notre Dame). Due to the lack of collegiate opponents, MCM didn't play any other colleges during their first season, nor did they play any home games as the school did not own or lease any of the local rinks.
Roster
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
References
Michigan Tech Huskies men's ice hockey seasons
Michigan College of Mines Huskies
Michigan College of Mines Huskies
1920 in sports in Michigan
Plecoptera is an order of insects, commonly known as stoneflies. Some 3,500 species are described worldwide, with new species still being discovered. Stoneflies are found worldwide, except Antarctica. Stoneflies are believed to be one of the most primitive groups of Neoptera, with close relatives identified from the Carboniferous and Lower Permian geological periods, while true stoneflies are known from fossils only a bit younger. Their modern diversity, however, apparently is of Mesozoic origin.
Plecoptera are found in both the Southern and Northern Hemispheres, and the populations are quite distinct, although the evolutionary evidence suggests species may have crossed the equator on a number of occasions before once again becoming geographically isolated.
All species of Plecoptera are intolerant of water pollution, and their presence in a stream or still water is usually an indicator of good or excellent water quality.
Description and ecology
Stoneflies have a generalized anatomy, with few specialized features compared to other insects. They have simple mouthparts with chewing mandibles, long, multiple-segmented antennae, large compound eyes, and two or three ocelli. The legs are robust, with each ending in two claws. The abdomen is relatively soft, and may include remnants of the nymphal gills even in the adult. Both nymphs and adults have long, paired cerci projecting from the tip of their abdomens.
The name "Plecoptera" literally means "braided-wings", from the Ancient Greek plekein (πλέκειν, "to braid") and pteryx (πτέρυξ, "wing"). This refers to the complex venation of their two pairs of wings, which are membranous and fold flat over their backs. Stoneflies are generally not strong fliers, and some species are entirely wingless.
A few wingless species, such as the Lake Tahoe benthic stonefly ("Capnia" lacustra) or Baikaloperla, are the only known insects, perhaps with the exception of Halobates, that are exclusively aquatic from birth to death. Some true water bugs (Nepomorpha) may also be fully aquatic for their entire lives, but can leave the water to travel.
The nymphs (technically, "naiads") are aquatic and live in the benthic zone of well-oxygenated lakes and streams. A few species found in New Zealand and nearby islands have terrestrial nymphs, but even these inhabit only very moist environments. The nymphs physically resemble wingless adults, but often have external gills, which may be present on almost any part of the body. Nymphs can acquire oxygen via diffusing through the exoskeleton, or through gills located on behind the head, on the thorax, or around the anus. Due to their nymph's requirement for well oxygenated water, the species is very sensitive to water pollution. This makes them important indicators for water quality. Most species are herbivorous as nymphs, feeding on submerged leaves and benthic algae, but many are hunters of other aquatic arthropods.
Life cycle
The female can lay up to one thousand eggs. It will fly over the water and drop the eggs in the water. It also may hang on a rock or branch. Eggs are covered in a sticky coating which allows them to adhere to rocks without being swept away by swift currents. The eggs typically take two to three weeks to hatch, but some species undergo diapause, with the eggs remaining dormant throughout a dry season, and hatching only when conditions are suitable.
The insects remain in the nymphal form for one to four years, depending on species, and undergo from 12 to 36 molts before emerging and becoming terrestrial as adults. Before becoming adults, nymphs will leave the water, attach to a fixed surface and molt one last time.
The adults generally only survive for a few weeks, and emerge only during specific times of the year when resources are optimal. Some do not feed at all, but those that do are herbivorous. Adults are not strong fliers and generally stay near the stream or lake they hatched from.
Systematics
Traditionally, the stoneflies were divided into two suborders, the "Antarctoperlaria" (or "Archiperlaria") and the Arctoperlaria. However, the former simply consists of the two most basal superfamilies of stoneflies, which do not seem to be each other's closest relatives. Thus, the "Antarctoperlaria" are not considered a natural group (despite some claims to the contrary).
The Arctoperlaria, though, have been divided into two infraorders, the Euholognatha (or Filipalpia) and the Systellognatha (also called Setipalpia or Subulipalpia). This corresponds to the phylogeny with one exception: the Scopuridae must be considered a basal family in the Arctoperlaria, not assignable to any of the infraorders. Alternatively, the Scopuridae were placed in an unranked clade "Holognatha" together with the Euholognatha (meaning roughly "advanced Holognatha"), but the Scopuridae do not appear significantly closer to the Euholognatha than to the Systellognatha.
In addition, not adopting the clades Antarctoperlaria and Holognatha allows for a systematic layout of the Plecoptera that adequately reproduces phylogeny, while retaining the traditional ranked taxa.
Basal lineages ("Antarctoperlaria")
Superfamily Eusthenioidea
Family Diamphipnoidae
Family Eustheniidae
Superfamily Leptoperloidea
Family Austroperlidae
Family Gripopterygidae
Suborder Arctoperlaria
Basal family Scopuridae
Infraorder Euholognatha
Family Capniidae (about 300 species) – small winter stoneflies
Family Leuctridae (390+ species) – rolled-winged stoneflies
Family Nemouridae (over 700 species) – spring stoneflies
Family Notonemouridae
Family Taeniopterygidae (about 110 species) – winter stoneflies
Infraorder Systellognatha
Family Chloroperlidae (over 180 species) – green stoneflies
Family Perlidae (about 400 species) – common stoneflies
Family Perlodidae (350+ species)
Family Peltoperlidae (about 68 species) – roachlike stoneflies
Family Styloperlidae (about 10 species)
Family Pteronarcyidae (about 12 species) – salmonflies, giant stoneflies
Notes
References
External links
Plecoptera Species File: order Plecoptera (Version 5.0/5.0)
Insect orders
Extant Permian first appearances
Taxa named by Hermann Burmeister
Symbols of Delaware
Aquatic insects
Murli Manohar Advocate (born 15 December 1895) was an Indian politician from Uttar Pradesh state, and the member of parliament in 1962 for the Ballia Lok Sabha constituency from Indian National Congress.
References
India MPs 1962–1967
Indian National Congress politicians
People from Ballia district
Banaras Hindu University alumni
1895 births
Year of death missing
Lok Sabha members from Uttar Pradesh
Indian National Congress politicians from Uttar Pradesh
Robin Peak () is a sharply defined rocky summit (270 m) which is the northernmost peak on Signy Island in the South Orkney Islands. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1954 for Gordon de Quetteville Robin of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), the leader at Signy Island base in 1947, who made the first detailed survey of the island.
Mountains of the South Orkney Islands
Al-Sukhnah () may refer to:
Al-Sukhnah, Jordan
Al-Sukhnah, Syria
As Sukhnah District in Yemen
Frequent Death (original title: Fréquence meurtre) is a 1988 French crime film directed by Élisabeth Rappeneau. It is based on Stuart M. Kaminsky's 1983 novel When the Dark Man Calls.
Plot
Jeanne Quester is a single mother. As a certified psychologist she works two jobs. During daytime she does social work but at night she is a radio personality who provides live advice for needy callers. Due to the success of her radio show she receives the offer to work for TV.
Suddenly she is menaced by alienating, enigmatic calls whenever she is on air. Moreover a stranger manages to secretly access her flat and when Jeanne returns there she finds her daughter's parrot killed. Little later she discovers somebody has attacked her car. Jeanne turns to her brother Frank, who is a policeman. Frank finds out that the convicted murderer of their parents was released just recently. Jeanne is afraid the murderer is out for vengeance.
Eventually she finds the alleged murderer himself brutally killed in her flat. Even so, the more and more openly threatening calls continue and finally her daughter gets kidnapped by the mysterious caller. Jeanne meets the kidnapper who turns out being the real murderer of her parents. He discloses his identity and tells her what really happened back then. When Jeanne can't comply with his demands, he decides to kill her.
Cast
Catherine Deneuve as Jeanne Quester
André Dussollier as Frank Quester
Martin Lamotte as Simon Lieberman
Étienne Chicot as Roger
Inès Claye as Pauline
Madeleine Marie as Ida Faber
Philippe Lehembre as Faber
Daniel Rialet as Fred Bastin
Alain Stern as MacGregor
Martine Chevallier as Marie
References
External links
Frequent Death at Moviefone
Frequent Death at Uni France
1988 films
1980s crime thriller films
French crime thriller films
Films with screenplays by Jacques Audiard
1980s French-language films
1980s French films
Elias Willard Smith (1814/1816–1886) was an American architect and civil engineer. He was born in 1814 or 1816 (sources differ) in Albany, New York, and died in 1886 in Washington, DC. He was educated as an engineer, at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. As a graduation present from his father, he undertook a trip from St. Louis to the Rocky Mountains and back (1839–1840). During this trip, he recorded his observations in a journal, which was handed down in his family and later published in various scholarly venues.
After returning from the Rocky Mountains expedition and until the Civil War, Smith practiced engineering, having some connection with the water works in Detroit and Chicago. While living in Detroit, Smith practiced architecture, and notably Dankmar Adler studied with him before 1861. After the Civil War, he moved to Virginia, first to Williamsburg and then to Georgetown. During this period he performed some work for the Washington Gas Works.
In 1865, Smith designed the Daniel S. Schanck Observatory for Rutgers College (now Rutgers University).
References
19th-century American architects
American civil engineers
1814 births
1816 births
1886 deaths
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumni
Architects from Albany, New York
Year of birth uncertain
RV Kronprins Haakon is a Norwegian icebreaking polar research vessel owned by the Norwegian Polar Institute. The shiptime use is divided between the main users, the University of Tromsø (50%), Norwegian Polar Institute (30%) and Norwegian Institute of Marine Research (20%). She was built at Fincantieri shipyard in Genova, Italy, and delivered in 2018.
Technical details
With a length of , beam of and draft of , Kronprins Haakon is the largest Norwegian icebreaker ever built despite being slightly shorter than Svalbard, the 6,375-ton icebreaking offshore patrol vessel operated by the Norwegian Coast Guard. The research vessel has accommodation for 55 personnel in 38 cabins, including a crew of 15–17. She is equipped with hangar for two small to medium-sized helicopters, but the helipad in the bow is strengthened also for the heavier helicopters such as NHIndustries NH90 operated by the Norwegian Coast Guard and Eurocopter AS332 Super Puma search and rescue (SAR) helicopters based in Svalbard.
Like most modern icebreakers, Kronprins Haakon has a diesel-electric propulsion system. Her power plant consists of two 3,500kW six-cylinder Bergen B32:40L6 and two 5,000kW 9-cylinder Bergen B32:40L9 medium-speed diesel engines that produce power for two 5.5MW Rolls-Royce US ARC 0.8 FP azimuth thrusters and two 1.1MW bow thrusters. The propulsion system also gives her Dynamic Positioning (DP) Class 1 stationkeeping capability. In open water, she has a maximum cruising range of and endurance of 65 days at cruising speed. The bollard pull of the vessel is 158 tonnes.
The hull of Kronprins Haakon is strengthened according to International Association of Classification Societies (IACS) Unified Requirements for Polar Class Ships for operations in winter ice with pressure ridges, multi-year ice and glacial ice inclusions. Her ice class, Polar Class 3, is intended for vessels designed for "year-round operation in second-year ice which may include multi-year ice inclusions". During full-scale ice trials north of Svalbard, Kronprins Haakon was found out to be capable of breaking ice with a snow layer at a continuous speed of at full propulsion power, slightly exceeding her contractual requirements. Ridges up to in thickness were successfully broken by ramming.
A high-end research vessel, Kronprins Haakon has an extensive scientific outfit for oceanography, marine biology and geology. The main deck is largely dedicated to scientific activities with 15 fixed and three container laboratories, refrigerated storage rooms, large working deck with cranes and an A-frame for trawling, and a hangar and moon pool for sampling as well as AUV and ROV operations. Underwater acoustics instrumentation is fitted in two drop keels as well as special "arctic tanks" for operations in ice-covered seas.
Development and construction
In 1999, the Norwegian Polar Institute issued a proposal for acquiring a new research vessel to replace the 1978-built Lance, a former fishing and sealing vessel that had been rebuilt as a research vessel in 1992. After a feasibility study was completed in 2007, the design contract was awarded to Rolls-Royce Marine (today Kongsberg Maritime Ship Design) in 2008. The initial design was further developed in close co-operation with the Norwegian Polar Institute and other future users of the research vessel and the Kongsberg Ship Design UT 395 vessel concept was approved by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance in 2011. The funding for the construction of the new research vessel was approved by the Norwegian Parliament and included in the 2013 budget.
On 29 November 2013, the construction of the NOK 1.4 billion (approximately 175 million euro) polar research vessel was awarded to the Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri and the shipbuilding contract was signed on 19 December. The vessel, named Kronprins Haakon after Haakon, Crown Prince of Norway, would be built by Genova-based Riva Trigoso-Muggiano shipyard. Final outfitting and sea trials would be carried out at Fincantieri-owned VARD in Norway.
The first steel for the new Norwegian polar research vessel was cut on 15 June 2015 and the keel was laid on 2 September. Kronprins Haakon, named after the crown prince of Norway, was launched on 3 March 2017 and delivered in April 2018.
The main user of the vessel will be University of Tromsø, also known as the Arctic University of Norway.
Kongsberg Maritime Ship Design later used the experience gained from designing the Norwegian polar research vessel to develop the RRS Sir David Attenborough for the British Antarctic Survey.
Career
One of the primary users of the new Norwegian polar research vessel is the Nansen Legacy project which will include over 370 ship-days by 2020 primarily on Kronprins Haakon. In addition, the vessel will regularly sail to the Antarctic.
In July 2019, one of Kronprins Haakons propulsion units developed a lubricating oil leak during icebreaking operations north of Svalbard, forcing the research vessel to cancel a scientific cruise ahead of schedule and return to Norway for repairs. During inspection in Harstad, the cause of the leak was discovered to be a loose bolt in the port side propeller shaft seal. There were no visible signs of damage and the repairs consisted of tightening the bolts in both port and starboard propulsion units and securing them with thread-locking fluid. The scientific cruises were resumed in August 2018.
On 28 July 2022, Kronprins Haakon arrived at the North Pole for the first time, becoming the second Norwegian vessel (after NoCGV Svalbard) to reach the northernmost point on the Earth. Although the ice conditions were reportedly easier than expected, the research vessel was sailing together with the French icebreaking cruise ship Le Commandant Charcot operated by Compagnie du Ponant.
References
Icebreakers of Norway
Research vessels of Norway
2017 ships
Ships built in Genoa
Ships built by Fincantieri
Oryctodromeus (meaning "digging runner") was a genus of small orodromine thescelosaurid dinosaur. Fossils are known from the Late Cretaceous Blackleaf Formation of southwestern Montana and the Wayan Formation of southeastern Idaho, USA, both of the Cenomanian stage, roughly 95 million years ago. A member of the small, presumably fast-running herbivorous family Thescelosauridae, Oryctodromeus is the first non-avian dinosaur published that shows evidence of burrowing behavior.
Description
Oryctodromeus was originally described as lacking ossified tendons in the tail. However, specimens from the Wayan Formation demonstrate the presence of a thick tendon lattice in the dorsal, sacral, and caudal columns of some specimens; perhaps indicating more flexibility in ossified tendons than has previously been supposed. Adaptations in the jaws, forelimbs, and pelvis were described in the Blackleaf specimens that could have helped move and manipulate soil.
The authors pointed out that Oryctodromeus had only modest forelimb modifications in comparison to dedicated burrowing animals, like moles, echidnas, and wombats. Instead, it was comparable to, but somewhat more specialized for digging than animals that both run and burrow today, like aardwolves, cavies, hyenas, and rabbits. Because it was a biped, it could have a more modified forelimb without affecting its ability to run.
Discovery
Oryctodromeus is based on specimens from the Blackleaf Formation: MOR 1636a, a partial skeleton of an adult individual including: the premaxillae (upper beak); part of the braincase; three neck, six back, seven hip, and twenty-three tail vertebrae; ribs; the shoulder girdle; an arm (minus the hand); both tibiae and an incomplete fibula; and a metatarsal. Two additional individuals, both juveniles about 55 to 65% the size of MOR 1636a, are represented by MOR 1636b. Numerous additional partial skeletons are known from the Wayan Formation.
Classification
Under a cladistic analysis, Oryctodromeus was found to be basal within Euornithopoda and a close relative of the hypsilophodonts Orodromeus and Zephyrosaurus, which are also known from the Cretaceous of Montana. These two animals share adaptations with Oryctodromeus that may have been used for burrowing, such as a broad snout. Additionally, Orodromeus specimens have been found preserved in a similar way, suggesting that they too were in burrows. This would not be the first time that a hypsilophodont has been suggested as a burrower; Robert Bakker has informally claimed since the 1990s that Drinker, from the late Jurassic of Wyoming, lived in burrows, but this has yet to be published.
Paleobiology
As a basal ornithopod, Oryctodromeus would have been a small, swift herbivore. This aspect, coupled with where it was discovered, gives it its name: Oryctodromeus cubicularis translates as "digging runner of the lair", in reference to its presumed lifestyle. The adult Oryctodromeus itself measured long and would have weighed about 22-32 kilograms (50-70 pounds), and the juveniles would have been about long. The presence of juveniles with the adult suggests parental care, and that at least one motivation for burrowing was to rear the juveniles. The size of the juveniles suggests an extended period of parental care.
Burrowing behavior
The three Oryctodromeus individuals were found buried within the remains of an underground den or burrow that measured about long and wide. The skeletons were densely packed and disarticulated, indicating that the animals died and decayed within the burrow. The burrow is similar to those made by hyenas and puffins today. It was filled with sand, and the resulting sandstone stands out against the surrounding mudstone and claystone.
There are two turns in the preserved burrow section, and smaller secondary sandstone cylinders of various sizes (a few centimeters or inches in cross-section at most) that were probably made by smaller animals sharing the burrow (commensal). The burrow closely fits the probable proportions of the adult dinosaur, another indication that it was the digger.
References
External links
Dinosaur den diggers discovered - BBC
Dinosauriweb about the Oryctodromeus
Full abstract of description
Article about burrowing dinosaurs from The Cambrian Explosion blog
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of North America
Fossil taxa described in 2007
Taxa named by Anthony J. Martin
Paleontology in Montana
Paleontology in Idaho
Cenomanian genus first appearances
Cenomanian genus extinctions
Ornithischian genera
Yakima is an impact crater on Mars. It was named by the IAU in 1976 after the town of Yakima in Washington, United States.
Yakima is located east of Mohawk crater and north of the larger Bamberg crater.
References
Joseph Caullé (3 May 1885 – 1 October 1915) was a French middle-distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres. He competed in the men's 800 metres event at the 1912 Summer Olympics. He was killed in action during World War I.
See also
List of Olympians killed in World War I
References
1885 births
1915 deaths
French male middle-distance runners
Sportspeople from Seine-Maritime
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of France
French military personnel killed in World War I
Trouble in Sundown is a 1939 American Western film directed by David Howard, using a screenplay by Oliver Drake, Dorrell McGowan and Stuart McGowan, based on a story by Charles F. Royal.
Starring George O'Brien, Rosalind Keith, Ray Whitley, and Chill Wills, the film was produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, released on March 24, 1939.
Plot
A banker named Cameron (Howard C. Hickman) is suspected of a robbery because he was the only person who knew the vault lock's combination. When a corrupt landowner, Ross Daggett (Cyrus Kendall), tries to exact vigilante justice, rancher Clint Bradford (George O'Brien) goes to the aid of June Cameron (Rosalind Keith), the banker's daughter, and hides her father.
June inadvertently leads Daggett and his men, including hired gun Dusty (Ward Bond), to her father's hiding place, where Cameron is captured and taken back to town. Dusty is tricked by Clint into revealing a secret panel through which Daggett was able to view Cameron's use of the vault combination. June is grateful to Clint when her father goes free.
Cast
George O'Brien as Clint Bradford
Rosalind Keith as June Cameron
Chill Wills as Whopper
Ward Bond as Dusty - Henchman
Ray Whitley as Andy
Cyrus Kendall as Daggett
Howard C. Hickman as John Cameron
References
External links
American Western (genre) films
1939 Western (genre) films
1939 films
Films directed by David Howard
RKO Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films produced by Bert Gilroy
1930s American films
Formerly Sharpham Wine, Sandridge Barton, 'the Home of Sharpham Wine' is a renowned wine producer set within the South Devon AONB. Situated in a sheltered valley, with its vineyards on the banks of the river Dart, Sandridge has the perfect climate and location for growing ripe grapes and producing a diverse range of English wines.
History
Philemon Pownoll, a Royal Navy officer used his huge rich earnings after capturing a Spanish treasure ship (the Hermione) in May 1762 to buy the Sharpham estate, a thousand year old farm consisting of five hundred acres. He then built a large house designed in 1770 by Sir Robert Taylor with gardens designed by Capability Brown, overlooking the fields and wooded slopes above the River Dart, two miles downstream of the ancient market town of Totnes.
Recent Success
In 2001, it was named the UK Red Wine producer of the year at the UK Vineyards Association Awards.
References
Wineries of England
Events from the year 2013 in Taiwan, Republic of China. This year is numbered Minguo 102 according to the official Republic of China calendar.
Incumbents
President – Ma Ying-jeou
Vice President – Wu Den-yih
Premier – Jiang Yi-huah
Vice Premier – Mao Chi-kuo
Events
January
1 January
The establishment of Customs Administration of the Ministry of Finance.
The establishment of K-12 Education Administration of the Ministry of Education.
The renaming of Sports Affairs Council to Sports Administration of the Ministry of Education.
The renaming of Department of Education to K-12 Education Administration of the Ministry of Education.
The renaming of National Youth Commission to Youth Development Administration and being put under the Ministry of Education.
February
21 February – The opening of Hsinchu Taiwan Pavilion Expo Park in East District, Hsinchu City.
March
14 March – The opening of Embassy of Tuvalu in Taipei.
27 March - The 5.9 Nantou earthquake affected the island with a maximum Mercalli intensity of V (Moderate). One person was killed and 97 were injured.
May
1 May – The opening of Chelungpu Fault Preservation Park in Zhushan Township, Nantou County.
3 May – The upgrade approval for Taoyuan County to become special municipality from county.
9 May – The first meeting of the China Affairs Committee of Democratic Progressive Party.
31 May – The opening of Embassy of Kiribati in Taipei.
June
2 June - June 2013 Nantou earthquake.
9 June – The official opening of At-Taqwa Mosque in Taoyuan County.
13 June – The completion of Xinzhuang Joint Office Tower in Xinzhuang District, New Taipei.
29 June – The opening of Danfeng Station of Taipei Metro in Xinzhuang District and Taishan District, New Taipei.
July
4 July – Death of Hung Chung-chiu.
7–14 July – Typhoon Soulik.
20 July – 2013 Kuomintang chairmanship election.
23 July – The establishment of the Ministry of Health and Welfare from the former Department of Health.
29 July – The opening of Kaisyuan Night Market in Cianjhen District, Kaohsiung City.
August
The establishment of University of Taipei from the merger of Taipei Municipal University of Education and Taipei Physical Education College.
September
16–22 September – 2013 OEC Kaohsiung
October
2013 Taiwan food scandal.
5 October – The opening of Guchuan Bridge in Pingtung County.
10 October – The 102nd anniversary of the National Day of the Republic of China.
24 October – The official opening of Asia Museum of Modern Art in Wufeng District, Taichung.
27 October – The opening of Shanshuilu Eco Park in Nangang District, Taipei.
November
3–11 November – Typhoon Haiyan.
10 November – 19th National Congress of Kuomintang in Taichung.
14 November – The Gambia cut diplomatic relations with the Republic of China.
18 November – The ROC officially terminated its diplomatic relations with The Gambia.
24 November – The opening of Xinyi Line of Taipei Metro.
Deaths
18 February – Chu Hsing-yu, 56, Taiwanese politician, MLY (1993–2005), heart attack.
13 April – Lin Yang-kang, 85, Taiwanese politician, President of Judicial Yuan (1987–1994).
29 April – Levi Ying, 64, Taiwanese-American politician, MLY (1999–2002).
6 May – Yang Tzuo-chow, 84, Taiwanese politician, MLY (1999–2002).
19 June – Kuo Liang-hui, Taiwanese novelist.
13 October – , 91, Taiwanese soldier (Indonesian National Revolution).
References
Years of the 21st century in Taiwan
Crockey Hill is a small village in the unitary authority of City of York in North Yorkshire, England. It is situated on the A19 south of York.
The village is in the Wheldrake ward of the City of York.
Businesses located at Crockey Hill include a car dealership, a veterinary surgery, a transport cafe and a fruit and vegetable stall. The York Designer Outlet is also nearby, situated at the intersection of the A19 and the A64, approximately 1 mile north of the village.
The A19 at Crockey Hill was a notorious blackspot with many people becoming injured or losing their lives in road traffic accidents. This led to traffic lights being installed at the junction linking the A19 to Wheldrake Lane in 2007. The traffic lights have not proved entirely effective.
References
Villages in the City of York
Gökçepınar, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Mor Moharan is a Pakistani television series that premiered on TV One on 10 May 2022, directed and Owais Khan and written by Ali Moeen. It stars Sonya Hussyn and Zahid Ahmed in lead roles with Mustafa Changazi, Samiya Mumtaz, Adnan Jaffar, Babar Ali and Firdous Jamal in supporting roles. The series is also airing simultaneously on PTV Home.
Plot
Rohi comes to her house after getting higher education from Punjab University, Lahore. On reaching her hometown, she observes that the women of her area have to travel long distances for fetching water as there is a dearth of the water in the Cholistan. She then decides to help them in her own way and tells about it to her father who is a respectable and well-known man of the region.
Cast
Sonya Hussyn as Rohi
Zahid Ahmed as Gurdezi
Mustafa Changazi as Sikandar
Samiya Mumtaz as Almas
Baber Ali as Sher Aalam
Adnan Jaffar as Nawab Feroze
Firdous Jamal as Malook Shah
Salma Asim as Heer
Production
The project was first announced by Hussyn through her Instagram account on 9 March 2021. Initially, Mikaal Zulfiqar was selected as a male lead but later he was replaced by Ahmed. Principal photography began on 4 February 2021 in Cholistan/ Rohi, Bahawalpur.
Mor Moharan is the third collaboration of Hussyn with Ahmed after Ishq Zahe Naseeb (2019) and Mohabbat Tujhe Alvida (2020)
while it also marked her second collaboration with director Owais Khan after Marasim (2014).
The initial teasers were released on 28 October 2021. It was slated to air in December 2021, however its release got postponed and later premiere in May 2022.
References
Pakistani drama television series
2022 Pakistani television series debuts
Haydarlı, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Pekonen is the surname of the following people
Aino-Kaisa Pekonen (born 1979), Finnish politician
Esa Pekonen (born 1979), Finnish footballer and manager
Meeri Pekonen (born 1937), Finnish long track speed skater
Osmo Pekonen (born 1960), Finnish mathematician and author
Finnish-language surnames
Yukarıkaraören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Terenzi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonella Terenzi (born 1965), Italian synchronized swimmer
Danilo Terenzi (1956–1995), Italian jazz trombonist and composer
Fiorella Terenzi, Italian-born astrophysicist
Gianfranco Terenzi (1941-2020), Sammarinese politician
Marc Terenzi (born 1978), American pop singer
Terenzio Terenzi (1575–1621), Italian painter
Tonhi Terenzi (born 1969), Italian fencer
Gaero of Baekje (?–475, 455–475) was the 21st king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. He was the eldest son of the 20th king Biyu. He died in battle as Baekje's capital in the present-day Seoul region fell to the northern rival kingdom Goguryeo.
Reign
He attempted to strengthen royal control of the aristocracy, by selecting officials from his own Buyeo clan, at the expense of the powerful Hae and Jin clans.
In 469, he ordered a surprise attack in which the city of Cheongmongnyeon (청목령, 靑木嶺 ; near modern Kaesong) was retaken from Goguryeo. In 472, he sent an embassy bearing tribute to Northern Wei requesting support against Goguryeo's attacks. However, these advances were rebuffed by the Wei court, which tried to avoid war with Goguryeo which had greater military power at the time, while fighting against Southern Dynasties.
In the early 470s, according to the Samguk Sagi, King Jangsu of Goguryeo sent a Buddhist monk named Dorim, who was actually a Goguryeo agent. Dorim used Gaero's passion for the game of baduk to ingratiate himself, and persuade the king to neglect the country's defense in favor of public works.
Fall of the capital
In 475, Jangsu launched an attack with 30,000 men and overran Baekje's defenses in seven days, taking the Han River valley including the capital. Gaero was taken to Acha Mountain Fortress and slain by two men who had defected to Goguryeo from Baekje. Baekje's ally Silla sent an army of 10,000, but arrived too late.
He was the last to rule Baekje from its historic heartland in the Han River valley. After his death, Hae Gu, of the suppressed Hae clan, led a bloody revolt.
Family
Father: Biyu of Baekje
Mother: unknown
Queen: unknown
Buyeo Modo (扶餘牟都, ?–477) – 22nd King of Baekje, Munju of Baekje.
Buyeo Gonji (餘餘昆支, ?–477) – military commander and father of 24th King of Baekje, Dongseong of Baekje. He was sent to Japan in 461 where he had a son with a Japanese woman.
Popular culture
Portrayed by Lee Ki-young in the 2013 MBC TV series The King's Daughter, Soo Baek-hyang.
See also
History of Korea
List of Monarchs of Korea
References
Content in this article was copied from Samguk Sagi Scroll 23 at the Shoki Wiki, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 (Unported) (CC-BY-SA 3.0) license.
475 deaths
Baekje rulers
Monarchs taken prisoner in wartime
Korean military personnel killed in action
5th-century monarchs in Asia
Year of birth unknown
5th-century Korean people
Gateway is an unincorporated community in Nevada County, California. It lies at an elevation of 5948 feet (1813 m). Gateway is located west of Truckee.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Nevada County, California
Aktaş is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds. Aktaş is the home village of Kurdish politician Murat Bozlak.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
New Women's Press (NWP) was an independent book publisher founded in Auckland, New Zealand in 1982. New Women's Press's mandate was to publish books "by, for, and about women." Wendy Harrex ran New Women's Press for 11 years. Over that time, NWP published over 70 titles of non-fiction, fiction and poetry, as well as an annual diary, Herstory, that highlighted groups of New Zealand women. The Haeata Collective of Māori women artists was originally founded to produce a Herstory edition for NWP. NWP also published the first anthology of New Zealand women's fiction, which was edited by Cathie Dunsford.
The Broadsheet feminist magazine and NWP celebrated a joint anniversary (Broadsheet'''s twentieth and NWP's tenth) on 19 September 1992, with a Suffrage Day event in Auckland, attended by more than 200 women. The event was part of the Listener Women's Book Festival, and was also the launch of Been Around for Quite a While. Speakers included Pat Rosier, Sandra Coney, Wendy Harrex, Stephanie Johnson and Sheridan Keith.
In an article surveying the state of women's publishing in New Zealand, Laurel Bergmann describes New Women's Press as "an important part of the process of legitimation of women fiction writers", particularly due to the New Women's Fiction'' anthology series that provided opportunities to new writers to publish alongside established voices. Janet Wilson has noted that this anthology series "confirmed the development of a new market and readership" for writing by women.
List of Publications
References
1982 establishments in New Zealand
Publishing companies established in 1982
A coercion castle () or coercive castle was a heavily fortified, medieval castle built to dominate the surrounding land. Such castles were built mainly in the High and Late Middle Ages in order to protect those territories in areas where the population was not assessed as being entirely loyal to the sovereign. Because of the poor infrastructure of medieval Europe, the construction of castles was one of the most important ways of exercising power, which is why it was governed by royal rights (known as regalia). Examples of coercive castles are the Moritzburg in Halle, which was built in the late 15th century, and the Alte Burg in Koblenz.
Gallery
See also
Counter castle
Zwingenburg
References
External links
Castles by type
Chapman Taylor is a global practice of award-winning architects, masterplanners and interior designers, based in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.
The practice has completed over 3,000 projects and won over 300 design awards over its history, including the UK Queen's Award.
It specialises in Residential, Retail, Leisure, Hospitality, Transportation and Workplace design, and the combination of these uses into large-scale mixed-use environments.
History
The practice was established in the United Kingdom in 1959 and its first project was the design and delivery of New Scotland Yard which became the headquarters of the London Metropolitan Police. During the 1970s Chapman Taylor was part of the dramatic expansion of the retail sector in the UK.
In the 1980's the practice was involved in several major London masterplanning schemes, including Millbank Estate, for the Crown Estate Commissioners, a 27-acre Central London site that was planned and built over an 18-year period and the Duke of Westminster's Grosvenor Estate, a project that has helped ensure the continued growth of London as a major world city.
In the early 1990s, the practice started designing many projects outside the UK and opened its first design studios in mainland Europe. The second decade of the 21st century saw greater international expansion to encompass projects and offices across Europe, Asia, Central and Southern America, and the Middle East.
Founding partner Bob Chapman died in 2017. In 2019, founding partner Jane Durham died.
Major projects
Eldon Square Shopping Centre, Newcastle, UK (1976) – the first town shopping mall with sloping public spaces (and two 'ground floors')
Victoria Place, Victoria Station, London, UK (1987) – 80,000 square feet of retail units suspended above the train platforms using the station's existing structure
MediaCityUK, Manchester, UK (2010)
Trinity Leeds, Leeds, UK
Cabot Circus, Bristol, UK (2008)
Global Harbor, Shanghai, China (2013)
Liverpool Waters, Liverpool, UK (2013–)
Heathrow Terminal 5, (Retail section) London, UK
Heathrow Terminal 2, (Retail section) London, UK
Mall of Qatar, Qatar (2016)
Anchorage Gatway, Salford Quays, Salford, Greater Manchester, UK
St Pancras International, London, UK
Kampus, Manchester, UK
Port Baku Tower, Azerbaijan
Bob.Dusseldorf, Germany
The Flow Building, Prague, Czech Republic
Responsible Design
Chapman Taylor's responsible approach extends beyond environmental sustainability; considering the wider socio-economic implications of projects, including the effect on the physical and mental well-being of those who inhabit and use its spaces. There is an available breakdown of sustainable projects and certifications, including BREEAM.
Studios/offices
The company operates from 15 regional design studios across Asia, Europe, and the Middle East, in London, Abu Dhabi, Bangkok, Bristol, Brussels, Dubai, Düsseldorf, Hyderabad, Madrid, Manchester, Milan, New Delhi, Prague, Shanghai, and Warsaw.
Controversy
In May 2021, Chapman Taylor was awarded a contract for designing a 'masterplan' for Shusha (Azerbaijani: Şuşa), or Shushi (Armenian: Շուշի), a city in Azerbaijan. Shusha had recently been returned to Azerbaijan after the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh War. This drew criticism from those in support of Armenia - two U.K. lawmakers, Baroness Cox and Tim Loughton, allegedly wrote a letter to Chapman Taylor's board urging them to abandon the contract, stating "[the agreement] would make you complicit in the falsification and erasure of history", adding that Chapman Taylor could find themselves in breach of the British Architects Act 1997, and that "various large Armenian diasporas throughout the world, many of whom are based in global locations where your firm has offices, are prepared to take appropriate, legal and very public action".
References
External links
British companies established in 1959
Architecture firms of the United Kingdom
Dmitri Alekseyevich Karasyov (; born 1 April 1992) is a Russian former professional football player.
Club career
He made his Russian Premier League debut for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod on 15 April 2012 in a game against PFC Spartak Nalchik.
External links
References
1992 births
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
Russian Premier League players
FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod players
FC Akhmat Grozny players
FC Nizhny Novgorod (2015) players
FC Sever Murmansk players
The 1940 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1940 college football season. This was Mississippi State's only undefeated season. End Buddy Elrod was being named SEC "Player of the Year" by the Nashville Banner and be selected to several All-America teams.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Orange Bowl champion seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Salur, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Theodor Tobler (24 January 1876 – 4 May 1941) was a Swiss chocolatier and businessman, best known as the creator, along with Emil Baumann, of the Swiss chocolate brand Toblerone.
Early life
Tobler was born on 24 January 1876 in Bern to Johann Jakob Tobler (1830-1905), a confectioner from Lutzenberg, a town in Appenzell Ausserrhoden near the Austrian border, and Adeline Lorenz Tobler (née Baumann). He attended school in Bern from 1885 to 1892, but left without graduating. After receiving a commercial education in Geneva and Venice, Tobler entered his father's business in 1894.
As their demand increased in the following years, in 1899 Johann Jakob Tobler transformed the confectionery shop into a chocolate factory, naming it Fabrique de Chocolat Berne, Tobler & Cie. In 1900, the company was handed over to Tobler by his father.
Career
In 1908, Tobler and his cousin Emil Baumann, the company's production manager, created the Toblerone chocolate bar, naming the product as a portmanteau combining Tobler's surname and torrone, the Italian word for honey and almond nougat. Tobler applied for a patent for the Toblerone manufacturing process in Bern in 1909. The brand was trademarked the same year at the Swiss Federal Institute of Intellectual Property, becoming the first patented milk chocolate made with almonds and honey.
Tobler left the company in 1933 and bought the Klameth confectionery firm in Bern in 1934. After attempts to manufacture chewing gum at Klameth were unsuccessful, the company acquired the distribution rights in Switzerland for the Wrigley chewing gum. In 1937 he founded the enterprise Typon AG, in Burgdorf, which produced films for the graphic industry.
He was a witness at the Bern Trial on behalf of the freemasonry. Tobler died in Bern on 4 May 1941.
Personal life
Tobler was first married to Theda Born, from 1903 until their divorce in 1919, then to Bertha Eschmann after 1919. He was a member of the masonic lodge zur Hoffnung of Bern from 1902.
A pacifist and pan-european, Tobler was one of the founders in 1934, in Basel, of the Europa Union, an organization supportive of European federalism, predecessor of the present-day , which advocates Switzerland's full entry into the European Union.
See also
List of chocolatiers
References
1876 births
1941 deaths
Swiss Freemasons
Swiss chocolatiers
20th-century Swiss businesspeople
Swiss pacifists
Swiss industrialists
People from Bern
Brand founders
Aurimas Taurantas (born February 7, 1956 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 he was among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
References
Biography
1956 births
Living people
Politicians from Vilnius
In Section 203(a) of the Central Utah Project Completion Act, the United States Congress authorized a federally authorized and funded replacement project to replace the Uinta and Upalco Units of the Central Utah Project (CUP) which were not constructed. The replacement project is the Uinta Basin Replacement Project (UBRP). The UBRP will provide: of irrigation water; of municipal and industrial water; reduced wilderness impacts; increased instream flows; and improved recreation. Design work began in 2002. Construction began in 2004 and is anticipated to be completed in 2011. The Central Utah Water Conservancy District is responsible for construction. The United States Department of the Interior oversees funding and compliance with law and environmental regulation.
Description of the Uinta Basin
The Uinta Mountains are the only major mountain range running east to west in North America. The Uinta Basin lies to the south of the Uinta Mountains and is fed by creeks and rivers flowing south from those mountains. Many of the principal rivers (Strawberry River, Currant Creek, Rock Creek, Lake Fork River, and Uinta River) flow into the Duchesne River which feeds the Green River—a tributary of the Colorado River.
The basin is the location of the Ute Tribe of the Uinta and Ouray Reservation (Tribe) which is commonly referred to as the Northern Ute Tribe, as well as the cities of Duchesne, Roosevelt, and Vernal. When oil prices are sufficiently high to overcome the cost of transportation to areas outside the basin, the area's oil industry roars to life (as it has in the past two years). Ordinarily, agriculture (chiefly cattle operations) is the lifeblood of the basin economy; and, in the basin, irrigation is the lifeblood of agriculture. Wilderness designation protects much of the Uinta Mountains. The mountains and associated streams are an important ecological resource.
At the sabres game the fan in the section 203 seat 4 said the above
Water Development in the Uinta Basin
Interests competing for Uinta Basin water include: non-Indian irrigators, the Tribe, the cities, the oil industry, and the natural environment. All water development in the basin has been intended to serve one or more of these interests.
The UBRP is founded on and entwined with other water development in the basin. Key stages in that development are the establishment of the Northern Ute Reservation, homesteading and early water development, the Uinta Indian Irrigation Project, the Moon Lake Project, the CUP as originally planned (with the Uinta and Upalco Units), and the current UBRP.
The Northern Ute Reservation — The Northern Ute Reservation was established in 1861 and tribal water rights associated with the creation of the reservation share that filing date. To date, the Tribe has not fully asserted its water right claims. An adjudication of Uinta Basin water rights begun by the Utah state engineer in 1956 was placed in abeyance while the Tribe, the State of Utah, and the Secretary of the Interior negotiated water rights compact. These negotiations, in one form or another, have continued for over forty years, although progress toward agreement has occurred since 2007.
Homesteading and Early Water Development — The reservation was opened for homesteading by non-Indians in 1905. During the early decades of the twentieth century, both Indian and non-Indian irrigation systems were constructed, including the construction of the High Mountain Lakes.
The Uinta Indian Irrigation Project - The principal Indian irrigation project in the Basin is the Uinta Indian Irrigation Project. The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) designed and constructed this project. By 1935, it was irrigating over of Indian land. Today, the UIIP continues to serve Indian and non-Indian irrigators in the Lake Fork drainage and elsewhere in the Basin. It continues to be owned and operated by BIA.
The Moon Lake Project - In the 1930s, the Bureau of Reclamation designed and constructed the Moon Lake Project on the Lake Fork River. The Association operates and maintains the Moon Lake Project on behalf of the Bureau of Reclamation and will operate and maintain the enlarged Big Sand Wash Dam and Reservoir.
The Central Utah Project –
In 1956, congress created the Colorado River Storage Project, authorizing the CUP (as well as other Reclamation projects). The CUP provided for the trans-basin diversion of Uinta Basin water to the Wasatch Front. The Wasatch Front is the most populous area of Utah and includes Provo and Salt Lake City. The project mitigated for the trans-basin diversion by creating the Uinta and Upalco Units. These units would have provided new storage in the Uinta Basin—on the Uinta and Lake Fork Rivers respectively.
For a variety of reasons, the Uinta and Upalco Units were never constructed. Section 203 (a) of the Central Utah Project Completion Act authorized funding for UBRP—a project intended to provide similar benefits, in some measure, to those that were promised by the units that were not constructed. Originally, the UBRP project planned under the authority of Section 203 (a) was to serve both Indian and non-Indian needs using Indian and non-Indian water. Although planning continued for several years, the Tribe withdrew its support at the eleventh hour—as contracts were being executed. The departure of the Tribe made a reformulation of the plan necessary. Eventually, a scaled-down version was developed. The scaled-down project intentionally avoided interference with tribal water rights, lands, and interests.
The Central Utah Water Conservancy District (District) is the sponsor and entity responsible for repayment of the federal obligation associated with the Bonneville Unit of the CUP and UBRP.
Stages
Each stage in the Uinta Basin water development brought with it new water facilities. Each stage served a different bundle of water right interests and a different set of constituents. The result is a complex layering of economic interests, water rights, land ownership, management objectives, and politics.
Perhaps nowhere in the Basin is this layering and the accompanying actual and potential conflict more focused than the Lake Fork River. The river begins in the High Uintas Wilderness area and feeds thirteen small, high-elevation lakes-turned-reservoirs (High Mountain Lakes). It then provides early-priority Tribe flow rights though a portion of the UIIP, feeds Reclamation's Moon Lake Project (serving non-Indian irrigators), and provides additional irrigation water by exchange with Starvation Reservoir (a CUP feature). Because it diverts Lake Fork River water, integrating UBRP into this already complex and contentious water environment was difficult and problematic.
The Feasibility Study and Environmental Assessment for UBRP were published in 2001. As a partial replacement for the Uinta and Upalco Units, UBRP is intended to serve the following purposes: stabilizing the aging and unsafe High Mountain Lakes on the Lake Fork River drainage and restoring ecological values compatible with the High Uintas Wilderness; providing replacement water for the late season irrigation water stored in the High Mountain Lakes; providing of water per year to Roosevelt City for municipal and industrial (M&I) purposes; providing of water per year to Lake Fork River irrigators; facilitating improved water resources management and water conservation in the Uinta Basin by increasing water efficiency, enhancing beneficial use, and developing water storage; and enhancing environmental, fish, wildlife, and recreation resources.
The project purposes are to be accomplished by construction (or upgrade) of the following facilities.
High Mountain Lakes — The stabilization of the thirteen High Mountain Lakes will eliminate the reservoir storage and will return the lakes to their natural levels. As a result, flows originating in the High Mountain Lakes' watersheds will return to natural hydraulic runoff patterns and thereby restore fishery and recreational resources in the High Mountain Lakes. In addition, the wilderness impacts associated with operation and maintenance of the High Mountain Lakes will be eliminated.
Big Sand Wash Diversion and Feeder Pipeline — Construction of the Big Sand Wash Diversion and Feeder Pipeline has been completed. The Diversion diverts flows from the Lake Fork River into the Feeder Pipeline. The Feeder Pipeline transports the water to Big Sand Wash Reservoir—an existing off-stream reservoir that is being enlarged as part of the project.
Enlarged Big Sand Wash Reservoir — The enlargement of the Big Sand Wash Reservoir (by raising the level of the dam and associated dikes and saddle dams) will provide additional water storage capacity and regulation capability. The enlarged reservoir will allow for the storage of water that had been stored in the High Mountain Lakes. This transfer also results in improved instream flow in certain reaches of the Lake Fork River and its principal tributary—the Yellowstone River. The water stored in the enlarged reservoir will serve irrigation and M&I purposes. Increasing the height of the new dam is being accomplished by removing about two-thirds of the downstream side of the old dam, excavating a new keyway immediately downstream of the remaining structure, constructing the new dam, and integrating the remnants of the old dam into the upstream fill of the new, taller structure.
Big Sand Wash – Roosevelt Pipeline — The Big Sand Wash – Roosevelt Pipeline will deliver project M&I water to Roosevelt, Utah as well as project irrigation water to the lower portions of Lake Fork drainage systems.
External references
Engineering projects
History of Utah
Hacıali, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The General Administration of Customs (GAC; ) is a ministry-level administrative agency within the government of the People's Republic of China. It is responsible for the collection of value added tax (VAT), customs duties, excise duties, and other indirect taxes such as air passenger duty, climate change levy, insurance premium tax, landfill tax and aggregates levy. It is also responsible for managing the import and export of goods and services into mainland China. The current director is Ni Yuefeng, appointed in March 2018.
Customs emblem
The emblem was designed by a customs officer named Chen Tiebao () in 1951. The emblem consists of a golden key and the Caduceus of Hermes, crossing with each other. It was officially adopted on 1 October 1953. The emblem was not used from 1966 to 1985, as it was considered "too capitalist".
See also
Chinese Maritime Customs Service, for the agency's pre-1949 predecessor
China Immigration Inspection
Customs and Excise Department (Hong Kong)
Macau Custom Service under the Secretariat for Security (Macau)
References
External links
Government agencies of China
Custom services
1949 establishments in China
Government agencies established in 1949
State Council of the People's Republic of China
Burning Blue is an American play written by D.M.W. Greer (born August 23, 1957), based on his experiences as a U.S. Navy aviator. Playwright Greer wrote about a U.S. Navy accident investigation which became a gay witch hunt during the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" era.
Background
In 1992, Greer wrote his first play, Burning Blue, based on his knowledge of events surrounding the treatment of gay servicemen in the U.S. Navy, which premiered at The King's Head Theatre on London's fringe in 1995. The play opened to great critical acclaim. West End producer Robert Fox took it to The Theatre Royal, Haymarket, where the play received Evening Standard nominations and won two Olivier Awards: for John Napier's set design and David Hersey's sound design. The play opened in Cape Town and then Johannesburg in 1996.
Burning Blue then opened in Tel Aviv's Beit Lessin Theatre, where it also won critical praise and played to full houses for 18 months. In 1998, John Hickok returned to direct the American premiere in Los Angeles at the Court Theatre, where it was an instant hit with the Los Angeles Times. Kevin Otto (from the South Africa production) reprised his role as Lieutenant Dan Lynch, and Martin McDougall – who originated the role of Lieutenant JG Charlie Trumbo in London – returned to play the role again. They were joined by Tim DeKay in the role of Lieutenant Will Stephensen, originally played by Irish actor and director Ian FitzGibbon in London. Productions followed in San Francisco later that year and finally in New York in 2002.
The film adaptation, starring Trent Ford and Rob Mayes and directed by Greer, began production in 2010. Released in 2014 as a feature film, it met with mixed critical reviews.
Plot
Best friends Lieutenants Daniel Lynch and Will Stephensen are U.S. Navy fighter pilots flying the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet, hoping to become the youngest pilots to be accepted into the space program. After two accidents, one of which is due to Will's failing eyesight, their unit is subject to an NCIS investigation led by John Cokely.
At the same time, a third pilot, Matt Blackwood, arrives on the carrier and quickly develops a close friendship with Dan, driving a wedge between Dan and Will. Cokely's investigation leads to him uncovering rumours about Dan and Matt's relationship just as they both begin to fall in love. When Matt decides to leave his wife and move in with Dan, there is a third accident and Cokely's investigation ramps up the pressure on Dan.
Reception
Initial reviews for Burning Blue were predominantly positive, but many American critics took a more contrary view as later staging did not reflect the changing acceptance of homosexual relationships. Don Shewey in The Advocate wrote, "DMW Greer's play Burning Blue takes a Reefer Madness approach to homosexuality. Ostensibly a fictional condemnation of the U.S. military's hypocritical "don't ask, don't tell" approach to gay servicemen, this far-fetched melodrama presents homosexuality as a kind of science-fiction virus transmitted by the heady combination of red lights and disco music." He wondered, "And how on earth has such a nonsensical sub-soap-opera script gotten productions in London, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and New York?"
Dan Bacalzo in a review of a New York performance, questioned why, "... 'Burning Blue' is supposedly set after President Clinton's 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' policy was instated, yet there is no specific mention of that policy." His review ended with the opinion that, "At its best, 'Burning Blue' is a vehement rebuttal to a military practice that is unfair and discriminatory. But unlike Marc Wolf's Another American: Asking and Telling, which also addressed the topic of gays in the military, Greer's play overstates its case without ever achieving the emotional depth that the topic merits."
References
Notes
External links
1992 plays
Off-Broadway plays
LGBT-related plays
American plays adapted into films
Don't Go Near the Water is the debut album of American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. Released in 1991 on Mercury Records, the album produced four singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts: "Cadillac Style", the title track, "Yard Sale", and "Anywhere but Here", which peaked at numbers 3, 12, 17, and 10, respectively. Also included is "What Am I Worth", a song previously recorded by George Jones on his 1957 debut Grand Ole Opry's New Star. Jones's style has been cited as one of Kershaw's primary influences. Don't Go Near the Water is certified platinum in the United States.
Track listing
"Real Old-Fashioned Broken Heart" (Bob McDill) – 3:22
"Don't Go Near the Water" (Chapin Hartford, Jim Foster) – 3:04
"I Buy Her Roses" (Roger Brown, Glenn Ray)– 3:52
"Cadillac Style" (Mark Petersen) – 2:54
"Kickin' In" (Roger Murrah, Keith Stegall) – 3:22
"What Am I Worth" (Darrell Edwards, George Jones) – 2:28
"Yard Sale" (Larry Bastian, Dewayne Blackwell) – 3:28
"Anywhere but Here" (Buddy Cannon, Bob DiPiero, John Scott Sherrill) – 2:29
"Every Third Monday" (Larry Cordle, Larry Shell, Billy Henderson) – 2:47
"Harbor for a Lonely Heart" (Kostas, Jenny Yates) – 4:10
Personnel
Kenny Bell – acoustic guitar
David Briggs – keyboards
Costo Davis – keyboards
Glen Duncan – fiddle
Sonny Garrish – steel guitar, Dobro
Rob Hajacos – fiddle
John Hughey – steel guitar
Sammy Kershaw – lead vocals
Jerry Kroon – drums
Brent Mason – electric guitar
Danny Parks – acoustic guitar, fiddle
Larry Paxton – bass guitar, keyboards
Billy Sanford – acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Dennis Wilson – background vocals
Curtis Young – background vocals
Chart performance
References
1991 debut albums
Sammy Kershaw albums
Mercury Nashville albums
Albums produced by Norro Wilson
Albums produced by Buddy Cannon
Gary Bias is an American saxophonist, flutist and composer. Bias is a longtime member of the Earth, Wind & Fire Horns.
Overview
He was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Bias began playing the saxophone at the age of 11. He went on to attend Locke High School with Gerald Albright and Patrice Rushen.
During 1981 Bias released his debut album entitled East 101 upon Nimbus Records. He went on to play the sax upon reggae band Third World's 1983 album All the Way Strong. Bias then served as a composer on Najee's 1986 LP Najee's Theme and Mongo Santamaria's 1987 album So Yo.
During 1987 Bias also won a Grammy Award within the category of Best Rhythm & Blues Song for co-composing Anita Baker's "Sweet Love". Within the same year he went on to join up with Earth, Wind & Fire. Bias then played and composed upon the band's 1990 album Heritage. As well he featured as a saxophonist on Whitney Houston's album of the same year being I'm Your Baby Tonight.
Bias then played upon MC Hammer's 1991 album Too Legit to Quit and Salif Keita's 1991 LP Amen. In 1999 Bias released his sophomore LP entitled "2 B Free" upon Thunderbop Records.
Discography
"East 101" (Nimbus, 1981)
"2 B Free" (Thunderbop, 1999)
References
American saxophonists
Grammy Award winners
Living people
Earth, Wind & Fire members
21st-century saxophonists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Helgenæs is a peninsula, approximately twenty square kilometres in size, stretching out from Mols in Denmark. Mols are itself part of the large peninsula of Djursland, in the middle of the Kattegat sea between Denmark and Sweden.
West of Helgenæs, 16 kilometres across the Bay of Aarhus, lies Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark. Ten kilometres to the east is the small coastal town of Ebeltoft, with a well-developed tourism industry comprising marinas and summer rentals in the surrounding countryside, including Helgenæs. Five kilometres to the northwest is Skødshoved, another minor peninsula of Mols. Villages on Helgenæs are Kongsgårde, Borup and Fejrup. Just north of Helgenæs is the large recently inaugurated Mols Bjerge National Park, comprising most of the entire Djursland region.
Etymology
The name, Helgenæs, derives from Danish words hellig (holy) and næs (headland), and the earliest written sources from 1230, spelled it "Hælghænæs". Inhabitants of Helgenæs are known as Helboere (singular: Helbo).
History
As nearly all of Denmark, Helgenæs was formed at the end of the last ice age some 12,000 years ago. The narrowest part of the peninsula, Dragsmur, is 240 meters wide. It is said that the Vikings, when sailing in and out of the Bay of Aarhus transported their longships across the narrow section, perhaps by rolling them on tree trunks. By doing this, they were able to save approximately of travel.
The waters around Helgenæs was the site of a larger naval battle in 1043, when the exiled king Sven Estridsen attacked and battled King Magnus the Good here in order to reclaim the throne of Denmark. Sven lost, but regained the throne only a few years later, as Magnus died by other means in 1047.
The local association of "Helgenæs Præstegård" was established in 2011 in order to mediate the cultural history of Helgenæs to both locals and visitors alike. They are based in a restored former parsonage farmhouse just east of Fejrup.
Tourism
Tourists from other parts of Denmark, other Scandinavian countries such as Sweden and Norway, and Germany often visit Helgenæs and represents a considerable percentage of the population in the summer. Especially the town of Fejrup and the hills of Stødovbakker have many summer rentals.
The hilly countryside with a long and accessible coastline in a mild, not to hot, summer climate is an attraction. Sletterhage Fyr, an old lighthouse in southwestern Helgenæs, and Tyskertårnet, a concrete watchtower built during the German occupation in World War II, are also visited by many guests. In the southwestern part of Helgenæs, in the town of Ørby, is a gallery with the paintings of Bo Bendixen, a noted Danish painter.
The main shopping facility on Helgenæs is the small "Dagli'Brugsen" supermarket in the village of Kongsgårde.
Chiefly (though not only) in the summer, tiny stands in the roadside sell honey, fruits, potatoes, eggs or even homemade souvenirs; these are scattered all over the peninsula, although mostly in main streets going through towns. These small stands are normally unmanned, and payment works on the honor system.
Stødov Kirke is the only church on Helgenæs, and in a small building close to the church lies a museum of local history. In the middle of Helgenæs is also a community house, where summer and Christmas parties are held.
There is an exhibit at the Sletterhage lighthouse, with modern and old navigational instruments, and a geological exhibition, showing how the Helgenæs landscape was formed during the ice ages. On display are also characteristic stones that can be found on the beaches, that can be traced back to different prehistoric volcanoes in Norway and Sweden, brought to the area by ice sheet movements.
Helgenæs Naturefterskole; is an independent boarding school on Helgenæs, for lower secondary students with educational focus on nature and outdoor activities, including angling from the shores of Helgenæs.
Transport
Bus route 361 goes between Helgenæs and Rønde once an hour in weekdays between 05:00 and 18:00, going counter-clockwise around the peninsula. This connects Helgenæs with other bus routes going to larger cities such as Århus, Grenå, Ebeltoft and Randers.
References
External links
- Official website of Helgenæs .
Peninsulas of Denmark
Peninsulas of the Baltic Sea
National parks of Denmark
Syddjurs Municipality
Tourist attractions in Denmark
Freedom at Midnight is an album by American pianist David Benoit released in 1987, recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #5 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
Track listing
All tracks written by David Benoit; except as noted.
"Freedom at Midnight" (David Benoit, Nathan East) - 4:14
"Along the Milky Way" - 4:08
"Kei's Song" - 4:39
"The Man With The Panama Hat" - 4:18
"Pieces Of Time" - 3:16
"Morning Sojourn" - 4:22
"Tropical Breeze" - 4:43
"Passion Walk" - 5:13
"Del Sasser" (Sam Jones, Donald Wolf) - 6:03
"The Last Goodbye" - 5:52
Personnel
David Benoit – arrangements, acoustic piano (1, 3-6, 9), Kawai MIDI grand piano (2, 7, 8), acoustic piano solo (10)
Randy Kerber – synthesizers (1-4, 6, 7, 8)
Dann Huff – guitar (1, 2, 4, 8)
Russ Freeman – guitar (5, 6, 7)
Osamu Kitajima – koto (2)
Abraham Laboriel – bass (1, 2, 4, 8)
Bob Feldman – bass (3, 5, 6, 7)
John Pattitucci – acoustic bass (9), upright bass (9)
Jeff Porcaro – drums (1, 2, 4, 8), mallets (6)
Tony Morales – drums (3, 5, 6, 7, 9)
Lenny Castro – percussion (1, 2, 4)
Joe Porcaro – percussion (1, 2, 4, 6, 8)
Michael Fisher – percussion (3, 5, 6, 7)
Sam Riney – tenor saxophone (1, 7), soprano saxophone (4, 5, 8), alto sax solo (6), alto saxophone (9)
Strings and Horns
Suzie Katayama – conductor
Larry Corbett – cello
Doug David – cello
Tim Barr – double bass
Arni Egilsson – double bass
Joe Meyer – French horn
Richard Todd – French horn
Gary Herbig – saxophone
Ray Pizzi – saxophone
John Madrid – trumpet
Walter Johnson – trumpet
Cynthia Morrow – viola
Jimbo Ross – viola
Becky Barr – violin
Doug Cameron – violin
Bruce Dukov – violin
Pavel Farkas – violin
Clayton Haslop – violin
Pam Henderson – violin
William H. Henderson – violin
Gina Kronstadt – violin
Sid Page – violin, concertmaster
Artjur Zadinsky – violin
Production
Producer – Jeffrey Weber
Co-Producer – Seth Marshall
Executive Producers – Dave Grusin and Larry Rosen
Engineers – Bob Loftus and Allen Sides
Additional Engineer – Steve MacMillan
Assistant Engineers – David Ahlert, Tony Chiappa, Tommy Kane and Joe Schiff.
Mastered by Bernie Grundman at Bernie Grundman Mastering (Hollywood, California).
Creative Director – Andy Baltimore
Album Cover – Andy Baltimore, David Gibb and Dan Serrano.
Cover Photography – Glen Wexler
Charts
References
External links
David Benoit-Freedom at Midnight at AllMusic
David Benoit-Freedom at Midnight at Discogs
1987 albums
GRP Records albums
David Benoit (musician) albums
Valter Ever (6 November 1902 – 10 July 1981) was an Estonian athlete. He competed in four events at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1902 births
1981 deaths
Sportspeople from Tallinn
People from the Governorate of Estonia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Estonian male long jumpers
Estonian male high jumpers
Estonian male pole vaulters
Estonian decathletes
Olympic athletes of Estonia
Estonian World War II refugees
Estonian emigrants to Sweden
Olympic decathletes
The Austin Powers franchise is a series of action-comedy films consisting of International Man of Mystery (1997), The Spy Who Shagged Me (1999) and Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002). Each film starred and was written by Canadian-English actor Mike Myers, who portrayed the titular character along with several other roles, such as Dr. Evil, Fat Bastard and Goldmember. The series has also featured Basil Exposition (Michael York), Number 2 (Robert Wagner and Rob Lowe), Frau Farbissina (Mindy Sterling), Scott Evil (Seth Green) and Vanessa Kensington (Elizabeth Hurley). The franchise was directed by Jay Roach and distributed by New Line Cinema.
The films have received mixed to positive reviews: International Man of Mystery earned a 70% "fresh" score on Rotten Tomatoes, The Spy Who Shagged Me gained 52%, and In Goldmember 55%. The films are parodies of the earlier features in the James Bond series as well as other 1960s spy films.
Austin Powers has received over 40 award nominations and over 20 wins, with one Academy Award nomination for The Spy Who Shagged Me under the category of Best Makeup and one Grammy Award nomination for Best Soundtrack Album and one Grammy win for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media for Madonna's 1999 song "Beautiful Stranger". Other awards for the franchise include four MTV Movie Awards wins (with eight nominations), two Teen Choice Awards (two nominations), one Saturn Award (four nominations), one Golden Globe Award nomination, three Satellite Award nominations and two Empire Award nominations.
International Man of Mystery
The Spy Who Shagged Me
In Goldmember
References
General
Specific
External links
Austin Powers
List of accolades
Warner Bros. Discovery-related lists
In model theory, a weakly o-minimal structure is a model theoretic structure whose definable sets in the domain are just finite unions of convex sets.
Definition
A linearly ordered structure, M, with language L including an ordering relation <, is called weakly o-minimal if every parametrically definable subset of M is a finite union of convex (definable) subsets. A theory is weakly o-minimal if all its models are weakly o-minimal.
Note that, in contrast to o-minimality, it is possible for a theory to have models which are weakly o-minimal and to have other models which are not weakly o-minimal.
Difference from o-minimality
In an o-minimal structure the definable sets in are finite unions of points and intervals, where interval stands for a sets of the form , for some a and b in . For weakly o-minimal structures this is relaxed so that the definable sets in M are finite unions of convex definable sets. A set is convex if whenever a and b are in , a < b and c ∈ satisfies that a < c < b, then c is in C. Points and intervals are of course convex sets, but there are convex sets which are not either points or intervals, as explained below.
If we have a weakly o-minimal structure expanding (R,<), the real ordered field, then the structure will be o-minimal. The two notions are different in other settings though. For example, let R be the ordered field of real algebraic numbers with the usual ordering < inherited from R. Take a transcendental number, say π, and add a unary relation S to the structure given by the subset (−π,π) ∩ R. Now consider the subset A of R defined by the formula
so that the set consists of all strictly positive real algebraic numbers that are less than π. The set is clearly convex, but cannot be written as a finite union of points and intervals whose endpoints are in R. To write it as an interval one would either have to include the endpoint π, which isn't in R, or one would require infinitely many intervals, such as the union
Since we have a definable set that isn't a finite union of points and intervals, this structure is not o-minimal. However, it is known that the structure is weakly o-minimal, and in fact the theory of this structure is weakly o-minimal.
Notes
Model theory
Mathematical structures
Ioannis Pittas (; born 10 July 1996) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a left winger for Apollon Limassol in the Cypriot First Division. He is the son of former Apollon Limassol and Cyprus international defender Pambos Pittas.
International
He made his Cyprus national football team debut on 8 June 2019 in a Euro 2020 qualifier against Scotland, as an 80th-minute substitute for Andreas Makris.
Career statistics
International career
International goals
Scores and results list Cyprus's goal tally first.
Honours
Apollon Limassol
Cypriot First Division: 2021–22
Cypriot Cup: (2) 2015–16, 2016–17
Cypriot Super Cup: (2) 2016, 2017
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Cypriot footballers
Cypriot First Division players
Apollon Limassol FC players
Association football midfielders
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC players
Cyprus under-21 international footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Heinrich Hössli (6 August 1784 in Glarus – 24 December 1864 in Winterthur), sometimes written as Hößli, was a Swiss hatter and author. His book Eros Die Männerliebe der Griechen (2 vols., 1836, 1838) surveyed references to same-sex love in ancient Greek literature and more recent research, and was one of the first works in the 19th century that defended love between men.
Biography
Hössli was born on 6 August 1784 in Glarus in Switzerland, the oldest of 14 children, to hatter Hans Jakob Hössli (1758–1846) and Margreth Vogel (1757–1831). He learned his father's occupation in Bern.
Back in Glarus he worked as hatter and also started a business in trading women's clothing. His hats for women were famous in the region.
In 1811 he married Elisabeth Grebel, and had two sons, who emigrated to the United States. For most of his marriage his wife and sons lived in Zurich while he himself lived in Glarus.
He died on 24 December 1864.
Works by Hössli
Eros, Die Männerliebe der Griechen, ihre Beziehungen zur Geschichte, Erziehung, Literatur und Gesetzgebung aller Zeiten (vol. 1: Glarus 1836; vol. 2: Sankt Gallen 1838), reprint Berlin, Verlag rosa Winkel, 1998, vol. 1: , vol. 2:
New vol. 3: Documents by Heinrich Hössli with an introduction by Manfred Herzer, a short biography by Ferdinand Karsch-Haack, and a reprint of the novella Der Eros (1821) by Heinrich Zschokke,
Hexenprozeß- und Glauben, Pfaffen und Teufel. Leipzig, 1892, 80 pages
References
Further reading
Ferdinand Karsch-Haack, Der Putzmacher von Glarus Heinrich Hössli, ein Vorkämpfer der Männerliebe. Ein Lebensbild (Max Spohr, Leipzig 1903; ND New York: Arno Press 1975)
Pirmin Meier, Mord, Philosophie und die Liebe der Männer. Franz Desgouttes und Heinrich Hössli – eine Parallelbiographie (Zürich 2001)
Bernd-Ulrich Hergemöller, Mann zu Mann, Pages 366
P. Dercks, Die Schande der Heiligen Paderastie: Homosexualitat und Öffentlichkeit in der deutschen Literatur 1750–1850 (1990)
Documents of the Homosexual Rights Movement in Germany 1836–1927 (1975)
LGBT writers from Switzerland
Swiss non-fiction writers
1784 births
1864 deaths
Gay writers
Milliners
Swiss male writers
19th-century LGBT people
19th-century male writers
19th-century non-fiction writers
19th-century Swiss people
19th-century Swiss writers
Male non-fiction writers
Michael Victor Summers (born 1952) is a Falkland Islands politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Stanley constituency from 2011 to 2017. He was previously a Member of the Legislative Council from 1996–2009.
Summers was born in Stanley and grew up in Port Howard. He moved to the UK at the age of eleven after winning a government scholarship to Shaftesbury Grammar School, a Dorset boarding school. He went on to read business studies at Middlesex University. After university, Summers worked for various construction and engineering companies all round the world, before returning to the Falklands in 1989 when he became General Manager of the Falkland Islands Development Corporation. During his time as General Manager, Summers negotiated the air link between the Falklands and mainland South America with the Chilean airline LAN, which remains the only commercial airline to fly to the islands.
Summers resigned as General Manager in 1996 to pursue a political career. Later that year he was elected in a by-election to the Legislative Council (which was reconstituted as the Legislative Assembly in the 2009 constitution). Summers was re-elected in 1997, 2001 and 2005, but he lost his seat in the 2009 general election.
In 2011, Summers returned to the Legislative Assembly after winning a by-election to fill the seat left vacant by Glenn Ross. At the time of the election, Summers was in the Isle of Wight for the 2011 Island Games in his role as Team Leader of the Falkland Islands Overseas Games Association. In April 2017, Mike Summers was the only member to vote against same-sex marriage, but did vote in favour of civil partnerships.
He won re-election in 2013 but stepped down from the assembly at the 2017 general election.
In September 2019 Summers was elected Chair of the Falkland Islands Chamber of Commerce Board following the 2019 Annual General Meeting.
References
1952 births
Living people
Alumni of Middlesex University
Falkland Islands businesspeople
Falkland Islands Councillors 1993–1997
Falkland Islands Councillors 1997–2001
Falkland Islands Councillors 2001–2005
Falkland Islands Councillors 2005–2009
Falkland Islands MLAs 2009–2013
Falkland Islands MLAs 2013–2017
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People from Stanley, Falkland Islands
Monex Europe is a UK-based foreign exchange company that provides currency exchange and international payments. It is the European subsidiary of the Mexican financial company Holding Monex. The company provides same day, spot and forward foreign exchange contracts to FTSE-listed companies, financial institutions, SMEs, government and non-profit organisations.
History
The company was established as Schneider Foreign Exchange in 2006 by Sonny Schneider, Nick Edgeley, Will Tracey, Shelton Fray and Antony North and was registered by HM Revenue & Customs as money services business.
In October 2010 it was named as a finalist for the National Business Awards Private Company of the Year award.
In March 2011, Schneider Foreign Exchange was granted authorisation by the Financial Conduct Authority as an Authorised Payment Institution.
In July 2012, Mexican based Monex Group (Holding Monex SAPIB), a major commercial foreign exchange providers, acquired Schneider Foreign Exchange and the company's name was changed to Monex Europe Ltd. Monex Europe is authorised by the FCA under the registration number 463951.
Nick Edgeley, Will Tracey and Shelton Fray remain on the Monex Europe leadership team. Sonny Schneider is the managing director of Schneider Trading Associates Limited, while Antony North is the co-founder of fintech company Centtrip and the CEO of Centtrip Music.
In January 2014, Monex Europe launched a subsidiary company Monex Europe Markets Ltd, selling financial derivatives. This subsidiary is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority, with the registration number 596146.
Operations
Monex Europe's headquarters are in London, with additional offices in Madrid and Amsterdam. , based on published company accounts, Monex Europe had a currency turnover of £13.021bn for the 9-month period up to 31 December 2015.
References
External links
Official Website
Cryptex Exchange Site
Algorand Price Prediction
Financial services companies established in 2006
Financial services companies based in the City of London
Foreign exchange companies
This is a list of the Ukraine national under-21 football team results from 1992 to 2009 (Matches 1 – 162).
1990s
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000s
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
References
1990s in Ukraine
2000s in Ukraine
Ukraine national under-21 football team
Stellah Sinnott (born 1962) is a camogie manager, winner of a Manager of the Year award after she guided Wexford to their first All Ireland title in 32 years in 2007. She was the first woman to manage a first rank inter-county camogie team.
References
Living people
Camogie managers
Wexford camogie players
1962 births
Rogged Bay () is a small bay lying immediately north of Cape Disappointment, the south tip of South Georgia. The name Rogged Bay, which was probably used by early sealers, was recorded by Arnaldo Faustini on a 1906 map and applied to a wider but less distinctive embayment in this vicinity. Following its survey in 1951–52, the SGS reported that the small bay immediately north of Cape Disappointment required a name. The existing name Rogged Bay was recommended, as limited to this small bay, by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1954.
Bays of South Georgia
Frederick Charles Thomas Holden (22 March 1894 – 26 April 1961) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Wallace to George Frederick Holden, a metchant and Minnie Elizabeth Ireson. He attended Geelong College and became a farmer at Melton. In December 1914 he married Elsie Maud Thompson, with whom he had a daughter. He served on Melton Shire Council from 1916 to 1927, and was twice president (1918–19, 1926–27). In 1932 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for Grant, representing the United Australia Party. He left the party in 1937 and was an independent until 1940, when he joined the Country Party. He was party whip from 1945 to 1947. Holden was defeated in 1950, and died in Melbourne in 1961.
References
1894 births
1961 deaths
United Australia Party members of the Parliament of Victoria
Independent members of the Parliament of Victoria
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
20th-century Australian politicians
GAAGO is an IPTV service from RTÉ and the Gaelic Athletic Association. It is a subscription based sports channel aimed at an international market and at the Irish diaspora around the world. It features over 100 live and on demand Gaelic games over the year, a library of award-winning GAA documentaries as well as an archive of classic games from yesteryear.
History
As part of their broadcast rights deal, the GAA announced that it was to set up a new IPTV service for an international market. The service is to be owned by RTÉ and the GAA. RTÉ will use their digital division to run the channel. In 2020 GAAGO launched a similar streaming services for Irish Soccer called Watch LOI as the service provider for the Football Association of Ireland.
Programming
GAA
Allianz Leagues games
GAA Championship Coverage
Ownership
The service is a commercial service jointly owned and operated by RTÉ and the GAA.
Sponsorship
GAAGO is to sponsor the 2017 International Rules Series and promoted The Britain Championships British GAA taking place in London (July 2017). They are also a sponsor of the Asian Gaelic Games in Bangkok 17 to 19 November.
Availability
GAAGO is available worldwide on their website. It will broadcast live RTE, TG4 & games, however SKY exclusive games (14) will not be broadcast by the service within the UK. Live TV rights to championship games have been awarded to RTÉ and Sky in Ireland, Premier Sports and SKY in Britain. Rights to Allianz Leagues games have been award to TG4 in Ireland.
See also
GAA
RTÉ
References
External links
Sports mass media in Ireland
Television channels and stations established in 2014
William McComas Byron Jr. (born November 29, 1997) is an American professional stock car racing driver. He currently competes full-time in the NASCAR Cup Series, driving the No. 24 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 for Hendrick Motorsports, and part-time in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, driving the No. 7 Chevrolet Silverado for Spire Motorsports. He won the 2015 NASCAR K&N Pro Series East Championship and the Sunoco Rookie of the Year award in the 2016 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series season. The following season he won both the 2017 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship and 2017 Sunoco Rookie of the Year. Byron also won the 2018 MENCS Sunoco Rookie of the Year award.
Racing career
Beginnings
Byron became interested in racing when he was six years old after seeing a stock car race on television, later attending a race at Martinsville Speedway in 2006. He began racing on the iRacing simulator as a teenager with over 100 wins and 298 top fives in online competition.
In 2012, he and his father explored how Byron could start racing offline, in real cars. He started racing Legends that year at the age of 15, relatively late for modern drivers. That year he won 33 races and became the Legend Car Young Lions Division champion.
For 2014, Byron signed with JR Motorsports late model program, in addition to continuing Legends competition. Byron competed in the No. 9 Liberty University Chevrolet at Hickory Motor Speedway in North Carolina for JRM. Byron scored a single victory and 11 top-five finishes, finishing second in points to teammate Josh Berry at Hickory.
K&N Pro Series
Byron was signed to drive in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East for 2015 by HScott Motorsports with Justin Marks, with sponsorship from Liberty University. Byron also continued racing late models for JR Motorsports. In his debut K&N East in February at New Smyrna Speedway, Byron finished 7th. Byron won the second race of the season at Greenville-Pickens Speedway after starting second and leading all 152 laps (two laps past the scheduled distance). Byron made his ARCA Racing Series debut at Lucas Oil Raceway in July, driving the No. 55 Liberty University Toyota Camry for Venturini Motorsports. Byron finished second after leading 120 laps. He scored four K&N East wins en route to winning the series championship. Byron and his team also competed in the 2015 K&N Pro Series West races at Sonoma and Phoenix, finishing fifth and second respectively.
Camping World Truck Series
On October 29, 2015, Kyle Busch Motorsports announced that Byron would run a full-time schedule in the team's No. 9 Toyota Tundra in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series during the 2016 season. To prepare him for the run, KBM fielded the No. 9 for him in the 2015 Lucas Oil 150 at Phoenix International Raceway. Byron started the 2016 season on a low note crashing on the final lap at Daytona to finish 13th, and finishing 32nd at Atlanta after blowing an engine. Later, Byron would get his first top 3 and 10 in the Truck Series after finishing a strong 3rd at Martinsville. Byron won his first Truck Series race at Kansas in May, after avoiding Ben Rhodes and Johnny Sauter's crash on the last lap of the race, and took his second race win in Texas in June. He won the next race at Iowa, finished 17th at Gateway due to a crash, and won yet again at Kentucky, propelling him to first in points. He followed that up with his fifth win of the season at Pocono Raceway, breaking the Camping World Truck Series record for most wins by a rookie. The previous mark was held by Kurt Busch during the 2000 season with four wins.
During the playoffs, Byron won the first race of the Round of 8 at New Hampshire but suffered an engine failure at the last race of the Round of 6 at Phoenix, which cost him the chance to join the Championship 4. With a win at the final race at Homestead, he placed fifth in the overall standings, with a total of seven wins, eleven top 5s, and 16 top 10s in 23 races. In addition to clinching the owners' championship for the No. 9 team, Byron was named Rookie of the Year.
Byron returned to the Truck Series in June 2021, driving the No. 27 for Rackley WAR at Nashville Superspeedway.
On April 7, 2022, Byron drove for Spire Motorsports, giving the team its first Truck Series win at Martinsville.
Xfinity Series
On August 18, 2016, Byron and Hendrick Motorsports announced they had signed a multi-year driver agreement, with Byron running full-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series driving the No. 9 Chevrolet Camaro SS for JR Motorsports in 2017. Byron finished 2nd at Michigan, just losing out to Denny Hamlin. One week later, Byron won his first career race at Iowa after Christopher Bell wrecked late in the race, battling for a win with Ryan Sieg, who eventually placed second. He ended up winning again the week later in an overtime finish at Daytona. Byron also won at Indianapolis Motor Speedway for the third Xfinity victory of his career; he would add a fourth win when the series visited Phoenix for the penultimate race of the season. The Phoenix win also placed Byron among the four drivers eligible to race for the series championship at Homestead-Miami Speedway. At the final race in Homestead, Byron held off his Championship 4 teammate Elliott Sadler in the final laps to win the 2017 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship.
Byron returned to Xfinity series for the first time since 2017. He drove the JR Motorsports No. 88 to a second-place finish at Texas and 26th at New Hampshire. Driving the Hendrick Motorsports No. 17 at Watkins Glen, Byron fiercely battled Ty Gibbs for the lead throughout most of the race until they both spun off-course during the final restart, resulting in Byron finishing 25th.
Cup Series
On August 9, 2017, Hendrick Motorsports announced Byron would be the new replacement for Kasey Kahne in the No. 5 car in 2018, while continuing current sponsorship with Axalta Coating Systems and Liberty University. Twenty days later, however, HMS announced Byron would instead drive the No. 24, while Chase Elliott moved to the rebranded No. 9 car. Byron inherited Kahne's No. 5 team, including crew chief Darian Grubb. On October 10, 2018, Hendrick Motorsports announced that Grubb will move on to a technical director position while Chad Knaus takes over crew chief duties for Byron and the No. 24 in 2019. Byron clinched Rookie of the Year honors after the penultimate race of the year at ISM Raceway, becoming the second driver next to Erik Jones to win Rookie of the Year in consecutive seasons in each of the three national series
Byron started the 2019 season on a strong note as he won the Daytona 500 pole, heading a Hendrick lockout of the first two rows. His consistency in the regular season landed him in the playoffs for the first time in his career. Byron finished sixth at the Charlotte Roval to advance to the Round of 12. He was eliminated in the Round of 12 after the Kansas race.
In Duel 2 of the 2020 Bluegreen Vacations Duels, Byron scored the win to start fourth in the Daytona 500, but ultimately he would finish 40th in the race. He scored his first career Cup victory at the track in August at the Coke Zero Sugar 400, avoiding various wrecks and winning in overtime to advance to the playoffs. Byron, however, was eliminated following the first round at Bristol after finishing 38th due to an accident. Earlier in 2020, Byron signed an extension to his contract with Hendrick Motorsports through the 2022 Season.
Byron started the 2021 season by qualifying second at the 2021 Daytona 500 while teammate Alex Bowman took the pole. After a 26th-place finish at the Daytona 500 and a 33rd-place finish in Daytona International Speedway's infield road course, Byron won the third race of the season at Homestead-Miami Speedway, leading 101 of the final 112 laps. Byron's victory started an eleven-race Top-10 streak, with Top 5 finishes at Martinsville, Talladega, Darlington and Dover. Byron's Top-10 streak would come at an end at the Circuit of the Americas road course, as he would finish 11th. Byron rebounded in the following race with a Top-5 finish at Charlotte in the Coca-Cola 600, finishing fourth. After finishing 35th at Sonoma Raceway following a wreck, Byron rebounded with back-to-back third-place finishes at Nashville Superspeedway and the first of a double-header at Pocono Raceway. Byron struggled the next four races finishing outside the Top 10, but would finish sixth at the 2021 Go Bowling at The Glen. During the playoffs, Byron made it to the Round of 12, but struggled with poor finishes at Las Vegas and Talladega. Following the Charlotte Roval race, he was eliminated from the Round of 8. He finished the season with a career-high 10th in the points standings.
During the 2022 season, Byron started with two DNFs at the 2022 Daytona 500 and Fontana, but rebounded with wins at Atlanta and Martinsville. On May 5, Byron received a contract extension to remain at Hendrick Motorsports through 2025. At Darlington, Byron was close to scoring his third win when Joey Logano punted him to the wall with two laps to go. On July 28, three days prior to the Indianapolis road race, the generator of the No. 24's hauler caught fire. The car was not damaged by the blaze. At the Texas playoff race, Byron spun Denny Hamlin towards the infield grass during a late-caution period; he was subsequently fined 50,000 and the No. 24 was docked 25 driver and owner points.
Personal life
Byron was born the younger of two children in Charlotte, North Carolina. He attended Charlotte Country Day School while taking online classes through sponsor Liberty University, graduating in May 2016. Byron is also currently a student at Liberty University earning his college degree, majoring in business communication. Byron is an Eagle Scout.
Byron is a Christian, saying “I feel like getting into racing was God's plan for me, so I can spread my faith through the racing garage and with race fans — that's why it's been so special."
He is in a relationship with Erin Blaney, the sister of fellow Cup Series driver and friend Ryan Blaney.
On May 4, 2021, Byron announced on Twitter that his mother Dana was being treated for a MALT lymphoma tumor in the left side of her brain. He revealed on July 27 that Dana was able to heal from the disease.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Cup Series
Daytona 500
Xfinity Series
Camping World Truck Series
K&N Pro Series East
K&N Pro Series West
ARCA Racing Series
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Season still in progress
Ineligible for series points
References
External links
1997 births
NASCAR drivers
Living people
Racing drivers from Charlotte, North Carolina
Liberty University alumni
People from Charlotte, North Carolina
ARCA Menards Series drivers
ARCA Midwest Tour drivers
Kyle Busch Motorsports drivers
JR Motorsports drivers
Hendrick Motorsports drivers
NASCAR Xfinity Series champions
Camilla Madsen (born 24 October 1993) is a Danish handball player who currently plays for SV Union Halle-Neustadt.
Honors
Youth Olympic Games:
Winner: 2010
European Women's U-19 Handball Championship:
Winner: 2011
References
External links
DHDb - Camilla Madsen
Handball - Camilla Madsen
1993 births
Living people
Danish female handball players
Handball players at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Denmark
Marian Cristian Ion (born September 14, 1988) is a Romanian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2008 – Kolomna, 26th
World Junior Allround Championships
2005 – Seinäjoki, 41st
2006 – Erfurt, 42nd
External links
Ion at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Ion at SkateResults.com
1988 births
Living people
Romanian male speed skaters
The 2018 Sibiu Cycling Tour is a cycling stage race that took place between 5 and 8 July 2018 in and around Sibiu, Romania. Raced over , the race featured a traditional cobbled prologue along with mountain stages to Bâlea Lake and Păltiniș, and was held as part of the 2018 UCI Europe Tour.
In 2018 the race returned to the format last used in 2014 with four days of racing including two mountain top finishes. There were two stages on the final day including the return of the team time trial.
Teams
The peloton featured three Professional Continental Teams, 14 Continental Teams and two national teams.
Route
The race route was announced in December 2017.
Stages
Prologue
5 July 2017 — Sibiu to Sibiu, , individual time trial (ITT)
Raced over a technical with 20 corners and several cobbled sections, the stage was won by Italian Davide Ballerini who would be the only rider to finish in under 3 minutes.
Stage 1
6 July 2017 — Sibiu to Balea Lac,
For the second year in a row, there was a Colombian victory on the slopes of Balea Lac. With five kilometres remaining in the stage Ivan Sosa attacked a depleted peloton of 15-20 riders. Initially, two riders, Maxim Rusnac and Amaro Antunes remained with him, but with a second attack he shook off the other contenders and rode to a solo victory.
Stage 2
7 July 2017 — Sibiu to Paltinis,
Stage 2 was expected to be a mountain stage to the resort of Paltanis. Despite setting off in bright conditions, after the race was engulfed by a storm that saw rain, hail, thunder and lightning, with visibility at less than 20 metres and with police unable to maintain road closures. In coordination with the race organisers, the jury decided to apply the UCI Extreme Weather Protocol, declaring the stage null and void in accordance with article 2.2.029 of the UCI rulebook.
Stage 3a
8 July 2017 — Cisnadie to Sibiu, Team time trial,
Stage 3b
8 July 2017 — Sibiu to Sibiu,
Classification leadership table
In the 2018 Sibiu Cycling Tour, six different jerseys are awarded of which four are worn in the race. The most important is the general classification, which is calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage. Time bonuses are awarded to the first three finishers on all stages with the exception of the time trial: the stage winner won a ten-second bonus, with six and four seconds for the second and third riders respectively. Bonus seconds were also awarded to the first three riders at intermediate sprints; three seconds for the winner of the sprint, two seconds for the rider in second and one second for the rider in third. The rider with the least accumulated time is the race leader, identified by a yellow jersey. This classification is considered the most important of the 2017 Sibiu Cycling Tour, and the winner of the classification is considered the winner of the race.
There is also a mountains classification, the leadership of which is marked by a white jersey. In the mountains classification, points towards the classification are won by reaching the top of a climb before other cyclists. Each climb is categorised as either category SA, A, B or C, with more points available for the higher-categorised climbs.
The third jersey represents the young rider classification, marked by an orange jersey. This is decided the same way as the general classification, but only riders born on or after 1 January 1995 are eligible to be ranked in the classification.
The fourth classification is the sprints classification, the leader of which is awarded a blue jersey. In the sprints classification, riders receive points for finishing in the top three at intermediate sprint points during each stage – awarded on a 3–2–1 scale – and these intermediate sprints also offer bonus seconds towards the general classification as noted above.
Additionally, there is a points classification, which awards a green jersey but that jersey is not represented in the race and only present on the podium. In the points classification, cyclists receive points for finishing in the top 15 in a stage, and unlike in the points classification in the Tour de France, the winners of all stages (with the exception of the prologue) are awarded the same number of points. For winning a stage, a rider earns 25 points, with 20 for second, 16 for third, 14 for fourth, 12 for fifth, 10 for sixth with a point fewer per place down to a single point for 15th place.
The sixth and final jersey represents the classification for Romanian riders, marked by a red jersey. This is decided the same way as the general classification, but only riders born in Romania are eligible to be ranked in the classification. Like the points jersey this is only present on the podium and is not worn in race
There are also awards for the team classification, in which the times of the best three cyclists per team on each stage are added together; the leading team at the end of the race is the team with the lowest total time.
Notes
References
External links
Sibiu Cycling Tour
2018 in Romanian sport
UCI Europe Tour races
Cycle races in Romania
The 2020 United States presidential election in New Hampshire was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states and the District of Columbia participated. New Hampshire voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominees, incumbent President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, against the Democratic Party's nominees, former Vice President Joe Biden and his running mate, Senator Kamala Harris. New Hampshire has four electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Polls throughout the 2020 campaign showed a clear Biden lead, and prior to election day, all 14 news organizations considered New Hampshire a state that Biden was heavily favored to win.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden prevailed in the state by garnering 58% of Caucasian women, and 69% of unmarried women. Biden carried voters prioritizing healthcare policy with 73% campaigning on protecting coverage for pre-existing conditions, a resonant issue in a state plagued by the opioid crisis.
Biden flipped the counties of Carroll, Hillsborough, Rockingham, and Sullivan, of which Hillsborough (which houses the state's largest city of Manchester) and Sullivan had voted for Barack Obama twice before switching to Trump in 2016, into the Democratic column. Biden also significantly expanded Hillary Clinton's 2016 lead of 2,736 votes (0.37%) to 59,267 votes (7.35%). Corresponding Democratic victories in the Senate election and both House elections reaffirmed the Democrats' strength in what used to be a heavily contested battleground. Contrary to earlier projections however, New Hampshire Republicans took control of both the executive and legislative branches of the New Hampshire government. Republicans flipped the previously Democrat-held New Hampshire state Senate and House of Representatives. Republicans also gained control of the state's Executive Council, and Republican Gov. Chris Sununu was reelected for a third term with 65% of the vote. Biden's best margin was in the socially liberal Connecticut River Valley, which had overwhelmingly favored Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary, while Trump's strength came in the rural Great North Woods Region. Biden was the first Democrat to ever win the White House without Coös County.
Primary elections
The New Hampshire primary, traditionally the first, was held on February 11, 2020, roughly a week after the Iowa caucuses.
Republican primary
The New Hampshire Republican primary took place on February 11, 2020. Incumbent president Donald Trump won the Republican primary with 85.6 percent of the vote, clinching all of the state's 22 pledged delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
Bernie Sanders won the Democratic primary with 25.6 percent of the vote, ahead of second-place Pete Buttigieg, who received 24.3 percent of the vote. Both Sanders and Buttigieg received nine delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention. Amy Klobuchar finished in third place with 19.7 percent of the vote and earned six delegates. Elizabeth Warren and Joe Biden finished in fourth and fifth place, respectively, and each received zero delegates.
Libertarian primary
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Andrew Yang
Donald Trump vs. Cory Booker
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Beto O'Rourke
with Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump, Elizabeth Warren, and Howard Schultz
with John Kasich and Joe Biden
with John Kasich and Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and generic Democrat
with Donald Trump, generic Democrat, and generic third party
with Donald Trump and Generic Opponent
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Carroll (the largest municipality: Conway)
Hillsborough (the largest municipality: Manchester)
Rockingham (the largest municipality: Derry)
Sullivan (the largest municipality: Claremont)
Results by congressional district
See also
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 New Hampshire elections
United States presidential elections in New Hampshire
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
New Hampshire
2020
United States presidential
The 47th Iowa Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was among scores of regiments that were raised in the summer of 1864 as A Hundred Days Men, an effort to augment existing manpower for an all-out push to end the war within 100 days.
Service
The 47th Iowa Infantry was organized at Davenport, Iowa, and mustered in for one-hundred days Federal service on June 4, 1864, as part of a plan to raise short term regiments for service as rear area garrison duty to release veteran troops for Sherman's Atlanta Campaign. The 47th Iowa garrisoned strategic points in the District of Arkansas.
The regiment was mustered out at Davenport, Iowa, on September 28, 1864.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 884 men served in the 47th Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
Commanders
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1864
1864 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations disestablished in 1864
1864 disestablishments in Iowa
John Jolly (Cherokee: Ahuludegi; also known as Oolooteka), was a leader of the Cherokee in Tennessee, the Arkansas Territory, and the Indian Territory, now Oklahoma. After 1818, he was the Principal Chief and after reorganization of the tribal government, he was made president of the Cherokee Nation–West.
Jolly was a wealthy slave-owning planter, cow rancher, and merchant. In many ways, he lived the life of a Southern planter.
Sam Houston first met Jolly when he was a teenager. He had left his family in Maryville, Tennessee and was taken in by Jolly, who treated him like a son. Houston became an emissary for the Cherokee and helped negotiate treaties and removal to Arkansas Territory. Jolly was a source of refuge for Houston after his ill-fated marriage to Eliza Allen.
Tennessee
John Jolly was born into a mixed-race family in Tennessee. He had a successful trading post on Hiwassee Island (in present-day Meigs County) in eastern Tennessee. The island was located at the confluence of the Tennessee and Hiwassee Rivers.
He was also a wealthy planter. He dressed in buckskin hunting shirts, leggings and moccasins". He was a friendly and low-key person who was dedicated to providing the opportunities for the Cherokee people to thrive, including the use of technology and education. Jolly did not speak English, but likely understood it as well as another tribal language and French. He led the plantation group of Cherokee beginning in Tennessee after his brother, Tahlonteeskee's, departure for 'the west' in 1809. His brother moved after the United States' acquisition of the Louisiana Purchase in 1803.
Adoption of Sam Houston
The young Sam Houston came to live with the Cherokee on Hiwassee Island in 1809.
Jolly adopted him and acted as his father in the Cherokee Nation. Jolly gave Houston the Cherokee name of Ka'lanu, meaning 'the Raven'. Houston later returned to his family in Maryville, Tennessee, but he lived once again with the Cherokee in the west in 1829.
Arkansas Territory
His brother settled with tribe members in what is now northeast Arkansas. After a treaty in 1817, Tahlonteeskee and his followers moved to central Arkansas, along the Arkansas River at the mouth of the Poteau River and Point Remove Creek. They were given an equal amount of land that they had owned east of the Mississippi River. The Cherokee reservation was located north of the Arkansas River. The rights of the Cherokee people were not clearly spelled out in the treaty. Houston was subagent to the Cherokee during the negotiations. Cherokee delegates were bribed by Governor Joseph McMinn and John C. Calhoun to ensure a successful removal from Tennessee. Jolly's brother Tahlonteeskee received $1,000 and other delegates received $500 each, which may have been unknown to Houston.
In 1818, Jolly and his followers left Tennessee in February with sixteen riverboats, provisions for 70 days, and rifles that they received from the government. They moved to the Arkansas Territory, living along the Arkansas River near Spadra, Arkansas in Johnson County. When they began to settle on their land, they learned that they were historic hunting grounds of the Quapaw and Osage people, who fought with them. Fort Gibson was established to protect the Cherokee, who had not been at war for some time. They also had pressure from pioneering white people.
Jolly saw that native tribes were being pushed west within the United States. He believed that the tribes should unite and become the United Tribes of America to "preserve the sinking race of Native Americans from extinction."
Planter and businessman
Jolly had a large plantation, with a network of fields and peach orchards, worked by up to twelve slaves. He had more than 500 head of cattle. He was a generous host to whoever visited his large, fine house. His visitors included naturalist Thomas Nuttall. He stayed in contact with Indian agents. Near his house was the Dwight Mission run by missionary Cephas Washburn and was supported by Jolly.
There are ways in which the Cherokee Nation lived like southern planters. Their labor was supplied by enslaved black people. They had nice goods, clothing, and furnishings that they purchased from Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New Orleans. They copied the fine mansions of the South when they built their homes. But they did not approve of the way that whites lived, and they had their own cultural traditions. For instance, Houston and Jolly followed an ancient tradition among friends where they fed one another from a common spoon.
Jolly was popular with the planter class, who were often of Cherokee and European descent and whose lives were similar to Southern planters, as well as the full-blooded Cherokee, who did not trust whites and wanted to maintain their culture and heritage.
Principal Chief
Jolly was elected Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation—West upon the death of his brother Tahlonteeskee in the spring of 1819. He was responsible for managing the affairs of the Cherokee within the Cherokee settlements and with governmental officials over diplomatic issues, particularly the treaties between the Cherokee and the United States government.
President
Jolly was elected president of the Arkansas Cherokee after the tribal government was reorganized in 1824. He worked with Arkansas territorial authorities and government officials in Washington D.C. regarding treaty rights and security. There was pressure on the Cherokees to relinquish land as Americans settled in the western lands of the United States. He wrote to George Izard, the governor of Arkansas to squelch a rumor that Cherokees were interested in selling any of their land. He also conveyed that the U.S. government had not met the financial terms of the treaty of 1817.
Oklahoma
In 1828, most of the western Cherokee were moved from Indian Reserve areas in the Arkansas Territory to the newly established Indian Territory (in present-day Oklahoma). Jolly established a plantation at the confluence of the Arkansas and Illinois Rivers, near present-day Webbers Falls, Oklahoma. During Jolly's term of office, the Cherokee Nation—West adopted a constitution establishing a tripartite government, much like that previously adopted by the Cherokee Nation—East (1827). Jolly established a capital city, Tahlonteeskee, named in honor of his brother.
One writer states that much of Jolly's success "was due to the counsel and support of John Rogers", his brother-in-law and Cherokee headman.
In 1829, Sam Houston sought refuge with Jolly after his brief marriage to Eliza Allen, which sparked many rumors and theories, and his resignation as governor of Tennessee. Jolly kept tabs on when the steamboat arrived at Fort Gibson and met Houston, his adopted son that he called Raven, with a number of his enslaved men bearing torches. Jolly was grateful for Houston's return, both because he was happy to be a place of refuge and because the nation could use his assistance in ensuring that the Cherokee people's voices were heard with the government. He said to Houston: "My home is yours—my people are yours—rest with us."
George Catlin painted his portrait in 1834. He described him as "a dignified chief… a mixture of white and red blood, of which… the first seems decidedly to predominate". Of his visit to the Cherokee, he mentioned that there were six or seven thousand members of the tribe under Jolly who had removed with him from Tennessee.
Black Coat, who served with Jolly as Second Chief, died in the spring of 1835, and was succeeded by Joseph Vann.
Jolly served until his death near present-day Webbers Falls, Oklahoma in December 1838. He was succeeded by John Looney, who had been his assistant principal chief.
Legacy
Hiwassee Island, at the mouth of the Hiwassee River where it meets the Tennessee, used to be commonly known as "Jolly's Island" after the Cherokee leader. Residents in the area sometimes still call it that.
See also
Sequoyah
Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians
United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians
Notes
References
Sources
McLoughlin, William G. Cherokee Renascence in the New Republic. (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1992).
Wilkins, Thurman. Cherokee Tragedy: The Ridge Family and the Decimation of a People. (New York: Macmillan Company, 1970).
External links
John Jolly, Cherokee Nation Official Website
Year of birth missing
1838 deaths
Cherokee slave owners
Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee Nation (1794–1907)
People from Tennessee
The Heyne-Zimmerman House is a historic house in Columbus, Ohio, United States. The house was built c. 1912 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The Heyne-Zimmerman House was built at a time when East Broad Street was a tree-lined avenue featuring the most ornate houses in Columbus; the house reflects the character of the area at the time. The building is also part of the 18th & E. Broad Historic District on the Columbus Register of Historic Properties, added to the register in 1988.
The building was home to Carl G. Heyne, president of the American Cash Register Manufacturing Company, from 1912 to 1914. Charles Zimmerman, manager of Ohio Auto Sales, lived there with his wife from 1918 to the early 1930s. After his death, she continued living there into the early 1940s.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
Houses completed in 1912
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
Houses in Columbus, Ohio
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Columbus Register properties
Colonial Revival architecture in Ohio
Broad Street (Columbus, Ohio)
LOUD are a psytrance / electronica / psychedelic music group consisting of Kobi Toledano and Eitan Reiter, both from Haifa, Israel. LOUD have been called "one of the hottest and most interesting groups in the world trance scene today."
Members
Eitan Reiter was born on December 3, 1982, in Haifa, Israel, the son of a classical guitar player. He became fascinated by the sounds of synthesizers and when he was 16 started making music on his computer using Impulse Tracker.
Kobi Toledano was born on December 1, 1976, in Haifa, Israel. Since his youth he was interested in electronic devices, taking them apart and putting them back together. Kobi worked for years in a recording studio managing and producing young artists. He discovered trance music and Psychedelic music while attending rave parties in the early 1990s in the forests of Northern Israel. Kobi graduated from a leading sound school in the Galilee, northern Israel, and was the producer of a few psychedelic groups.
Music career
Kobi Toledano and Eitan Reiter have been producing electronic music together since 2006, blending old school roots with new sounds.
In 2009 the group was invited by BPM College, the leading institute in Israel for sound and music production studies, to conduct an artist workshop. The success of the workshop led to an ongoing relationship with BPM.
In 2011 the group was signed to the English/South African label Nano Records and since then have released several recordings.
LOUD have collaborated and remixed, and have been remixed, by many artistes, including: Simon Posford, Art of Trance, Union Jack, Dr Motte – Founder of Love Parade Berlin (released on PAXXIZ), Sebastian Mullaert, Infected Mushroom, J.Viewz, Bluetech, Son Kite, Astrix, Perfect Stranger, Shulman, Prometheus, Captain Hook, and Ace Ventura.
In 2013 LOUD assisted BPM in the development of its BPM Remixed project. The success of this collaboration lead to similar projects.
Festivals
LOUD have performed in almost every country that holds electronic dance music. Among their international performances are:
Discography
Studio albums
Some Kind of Creativity
(November 2006, Drive Records)
All tracks written and produced by Kobi Toledano and Eitan Reiter.
Abstract
(January 2008, Drive Records)
All tracks written and produced by Kobi Toledano and Eitan Reiter.
Free From Conceptual Thoughts
(May 2010, Drive Records)
All tracks written and produced by Kobi Toledano and Eitan Reiter.
No More X
(April, 2012 Nano Records)
All tracks written and produced by Kobi Toledano and Eitan Reiter.
Track #1 If... written and produced by Yaniv Shulman, Kobi Toledano & Eitan Reiter
Compilations
Private Lesson
(May, 2007 Drive Records)
LOUD - The Remixes
(July, 2011 Nano Records)
Singles/EPs
"Digital Hippie", 2009, Drive Records
"1/3", 2010, Drive Records
"Engines On" (Perfect Stranger remix), 2010, Digital Structures
"People Music Money Drugs", 2011, HOMmega HD
"Genetic Lottery", 2013, HOMmega HD
"Moroccan Roll", 2014, Platipus Music
Appearances
Collaborations & Side Projects
Kobi Toledano
With Samuel Wallerstein (aka ON3): Chain Reaction
Eitan Reiter
With Sebastian Mullaert (aka Minilogue): Eitan Reiter & Sebastian Mullaert
With Avishay Balter (aka A. Balter): Eitan Reiter & A. Balter
With Nadav Katz (aka Cuts): Unoccupied
Also acting in his own project under the name Eitan Reiter
Production equipment
Videos
References
External links
LOUD's store
LOUD's Beatport
LOUD's label
Eitan Retier official website
Electronic music duos
Goa trance musical groups
Israeli electronic music groups
Israeli psychedelic trance musicians
Israeli musical duos
Tracker musicians
Diplom-Is AS is a Norwegian manufacturer of ice cream owned by the dairy group Tine. In 2005, the company produced of ice cream, and held a market share of 53% domestically.
Among the most notable own brands are Royal, Dream, Krone-Is, Pin-Up, Lollipop, Sandwich, Pia, Gullpinne, Gigant and Klin Kokos. It also produces the franchise Mövenpick, Mars and Nestlé in Scandinavia.
History
The first ice cream factories in Norway were established in the 1920s, and towards the end of the decade the Norwegian Dairies established their own brand, Diplom Is in Oslo, with its first advertisement appearing in 1930. By 1931 the production went on continually through the year, and Oslo got its own ice cream truck. Production was low during World War II, and after the war there were numerous independent ice cream manufacturers. Many of these were owned by the regional dairy cooperatives. In 1951 these were all branded as Diplom-Is and the brand became national. Though having a common brand, it was not until 1991 that all the production of ice cream by the dairies was collected in one company, Norsk Iskrem BA (lit. Norwegian Ice Cream). The following four years saw the "ice cream war" between Diplom-Is and the Swedish GB Is, but by 1995 GB had to withdraw from the market. At the same time Diplom-Is started to franchise produce the Swiss brand Mövenpick. In 1992, the company established itself in Denmark, and in 2004 in Sweden. In 2002 the legal name changed to Diplom-Is AS.
On 30 September 2010 Unilever signed an asset purchase agreement with the Norwegian dairy group TINE, to acquire the activities of Diplom-Is in Denmark.
References
Dairy products companies of Norway
Ice cream brands
Agricultural cooperatives in Norway
1930 establishments in Norway
Food and drink companies established in 1930
Manufacturing companies based in Oslo
Helmsley Castle (also known anciently as Hamlake) is a medieval castle situated in the market town of Helmsley, within the North York Moors National Park, North Yorkshire, England.
History
Although the estate of Helmsley was granted to Robert, Count of Mortain following the Norman conquest; there is no evidence that he built a castle in the area. The castle, constructed in wood around 1120, was built by Walter l'Espec. It is positioned on a rocky outcrop overlooking the River Rye. Featuring double ditches surrounding a rectangular inner bailey, the castle bears little resemblance to the motte and bailey castles built at the time (such as the nearby Pickering Castle). The castle at Helmsley was only from Rievaulx Abbey and Walter l'Espec granted the land for the abbey. Aelred, who was the abbey's first novice master, was known to be involved in l'Espec's affairs (military and personally) and Helmsley was often used as a place of safety during periods of instability.
Walter was childless, and on his death in 1154 the castle passed to his sister Adelina who had married Peter de Roos. In 1186 Robert de Ros, son of Everard de Ros, began work on converting the castle to stone. He built two main towers, the round corner towers and the main gateway on the south side of the castle. He died in 1227, granting the castle to his older son William who lived there from 1227 to 1258. The only change made to the castle during this time was the construction of the chapel in the courtyard.
William's son, Robert, inherited the castle and was Lord of Helmsley from 1258 to 1285. His marriage to Isabel d'Aubigny (heiress to Belvoir Castle) funded the building of the new hall and kitchen, as well as strengthening the castle. This may include the building of the impressive south barbican which was constructed between 1227 and 1285. He built a wall dividing the castle into north and south sides, with the southern half for the private use of the lord's family in the new hall and east tower, and the northern half containing the old hall to be used by the steward and other castle officials. The strengthening of the castle continued into Robert's son William's life. William de Ros II died in 1316. The East Tower may have been heightened specifically for the visit of King Edward III, who stayed at the castle for around five days in 1334.
Helmsley Castle remained in the possession of the de Roos family until 1478 when Edmund de Roos sold it to Richard, Duke of Gloucester who later became Richard III. Richard did nothing to the castle, staying instead at Middleham Castle. After Richard III's death at the Battle of Bosworth, Helmsley Castle was restored to Edmund de Roos by Henry VII.
Edmund died childless in 1508 and the castle passed to his cousin Sir George Manners of Etal on whose death in 1513 his son Thomas inherited it. He was created Earl of Rutland in 1525. On his death in 1543, Thomas was succeeded by his son, Henry, but it was under the rule of his grandson Edward, that the castle was altered next. He had the old hall converted into a Tudor mansion, converted the 13th-century chapel into a kitchen linked to the old hall by a covered gallery, and knocked the new hall down. The south barbican was converted into a more comfortable residence at this time. A letter of April 1578 describes the slow progress of the mason's work (and the payment of a £10 sum to the mason), and that timber was available for a gallery in the attic of the mansion. On Edward's death in 1587 his brother John Manners inherited the castle, followed by John's son Roger, and then Roger's younger brother Francis. On the death of Francis in 1632 the castle passed to George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham through his marriage to Katherine, Francis's daughter.
During the English Civil War, the castle was besieged by Sir Thomas Fairfax in 1644. Sir Jordan Crosland held it for the king for three months before surrendering. Parliament ordered the castle to be slighted and much of the walls, gates and part of the east tower were destroyed. However the mansion was spared. The castle had by this time been inherited by George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham who married Mary, daughter of Thomas Fairfax in 1657.
After his death in 1687 the castle was sold to Charles Duncombe in 1695. He was a banker and politician who was knighted in 1699 and became Lord Mayor of London in 1708. The 40,000 acre estate was purchased for the sum of £90,000 (roughly £11,000,000 in 2018). His sister Mary's husband, Thomas Brown, inherited the castle on Charles's death in 1711. Thomas changed his name to Duncombe. He hired William Wakefield, a protégé of Sir John Vanbrugh, to build a country house at Duncombe Park overlooking the castle, and left the castle to decay. The castle was designed as a picturesque backdrop for the Duncombe Park estate, and was even sketched by the great J. M. W. Turner. As the castle fell into disrepair the local community took advantage of the site to hold fêtes, pageants and even agricultural shows. The vicar of All Saints' Church, Charles Norris Gray, often held events in the castle throughout the latter part of the 19th century. The castle passed into the hands of the Office of Works in 1923 (under the guardianship of Sir Charles Peers), who began the clearing of debris and trees from the site. The castle's remarkable earthworks were planned to be part of an anti-tank defence during the Second World War. Although it is still owned by Lord Feversham's family, of Duncombe Park, the castle is now in the care of English Heritage.
See also
Castles in Great Britain and Ireland
List of castles in England
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
English Heritage official site
Turner's sketch of Helmsley Castle hosted on TATE Britain webpage
Castles in North Yorkshire
English Heritage sites in North Yorkshire
Ruins in North Yorkshire
Helmsley
"My Drink n My 2 Step" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Cassidy, released as the lead single from his third studio album B.A.R.S. The Barry Adrian Reese Story (2007). The song features vocals and production from longtime collaborator Swizz Beatz. The song peaked at #33 on the Billboard Hot 100, making it his final song there.
Background
The song is Cassidy's first single after his hiatus from music following a car accident and amnesia. The song samples Doug E. Fresh's "Nuthin'". Both Cassidy and Swizz Beatz use the Auto-Tune effect. The song was officially remixed featuring new verses from American recording artists, Kanye West and Ne-Yo.
Music video
The music video premiered on Rap City, on September 10, 2007; it features a cameo appearance from American singer Mario.
Track listing
Vinyl
"My Drink n My 2 Step" (feat. Swizz Beatz - radio mix)
"My Drink n My 2 Step" (feat. Swizz Beatz - instrumental)
"My Drink n My 2 Step" (feat. Swizz Beatz - club mix)
"My Drink n My 2 Step" (feat. Swizz Beatz - a cappella)
Remixes
"My Drink n My 2 Step" (feat. Chingy & Swizz Beatz)
"My Drink n My 2 Step" (Official Remix feat. Swizz Beatz, Kanye West & Ne-Yo)
"Kicks n My New Dress" (feat. Nina Sky & Swizz Beatz)
"My Drink n My 2 Step" (feat. Chingy, Swizz Beatz & Jermaine Dupri)
"My Drink n My 2 Step" (feat. Jermaine Dupri & Swizz Beatz)
"My Pepsi n My 2 Step" (feat. Shiz Lansky & Swizz Beatz)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Cassidy at MySpace
[]
2007 singles
2007 songs
Cassidy (rapper) songs
Swizz Beatz songs
Song recordings produced by Swizz Beatz
Songs written by Swizz Beatz
Ightfield is a civil parish in Shropshire, England. It contains 16 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, three are at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the villages of Ightfield and Calverhall, and is otherwise mainly rural. The largest building in the parish is Cloverley Hall, which is listed, together with structures in its grounds. The other listed buildings are two churches, a lychgate, farmhouses and farm buildings, and a row of almshouses.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of buildings and structures in Shropshire
Painters Eleven (also known as Painters 11 or P11) was a group of abstract artists active in Canada between 1953 and 1960.
History
Since the 1920s, artists in English Canada had been heavily influenced by the landscape painting of the Group of Seven, and the Canadian Group of Painters. The Canadian public often regarded modernist movements such as Cubism, Surrealism and Abstract Expressionism as bizarre and subversive. The acquisition of modernist paintings, even Impressionist works, by public galleries was invariably a source of controversy. In Quebec, Paul-Émile Borduas and Jean-Paul Riopelle spearheaded the modernist collective known as Les Automatistes, as early as 1941. However, their artistic influence was not quickly felt in English Canada, or indeed much beyond Montreal.
Formation
In 1953, eleven abstract painters from Ontario — Jack Bush, Oscar Cahén, Hortense Gordon, Tom Hodgson, Alexandra Luke, Jock Macdonald, Ray Mead, Kazuo Nakamura, William Ronald, Harold Town and Walter Yarwood — dubbed themselves Painters Eleven and held their first exhibition at Roberts Gallery in Toronto in 1954. The exhibition, arranged by Jack Bush, was the first major commercial exhibition of abstract expressionist art in Toronto. Unlike the Group of Seven whose members' work evolved along parallel lines, Painters Eleven did not share a common artistic vision as a group apart from a commitment to abstraction. This was reflected in the diversity of the group's members. Decades separated the youngest from the eldest, and before they sold their paintings they made their living as freelance commercial artists or worked in advertising and as art teachers. Two had studied at summer schools conducted by the American abstract expressionist Hans Hofmann and William Ronald "sat in" on his classes, while others were graduates of the Ontario College of Art, and still others were self-taught. Within the group itself, the artistic center of gravity seems to have been Oscar Cahén, a gifted European émigré who became well known as an illustrator for a number of national magazines.
In Canada's conservative art world, their first exhibition was met with confusion and disdain, typical of new art movements throughout history. By their third exhibition, in 1957, they had established abstract expressionism in Canada. Painters Eleven attained U.S. exposure with a successful exhibition in 1956 with the American Abstract Artists at the Riverside Museum in New York City, and were praised by the influential critic Clement Greenberg on a visit he paid to the group in Toronto in 1957. In the Canadian press, the group's most ardent supporters were art critic Robert Fulford and [art writer] Pearl McCarthy of the Globe and Mail. Eventually, the group's numbers were reduced by death and defection (Cahén was killed in a car accident in 1956, Ronald resigned in 1957) and the group formally disbanded in 1960.
Influence
Painters Eleven are credited with making English Canada's art-buying public more accustomed to abstract expressionist painting. Their influence on the next generation of Canadian artists was immense, and their art is now a prominent feature in public galleries and corporate and private collections throughout Canada and in many international collections. The largest collection of their works can be found at The Robert McLaughlin Gallery in Oshawa, Ontario. Some of the group's members, notably Jack Bush, William Ronald and Harold Town, went on to greater success in the 1960s and 1970s. Jack Bush was given a major exhibition at the Art Gallery of Ontario in 1976, Harold Town in 1986 and Kazuo Nakamura in 2004. Works by the group's members are now fetching higher prices at Canadian fine art auctions. The last surviving member of the group, Tom Hodgson, a former Olympic canoeist and a dedicated abstract expressionist, died in 2006.
Selected group exhibitions
2010: Museum London, London, Ont.
2010: Moore Gallery, Toronto, Ont.
2009: (Painters Eleven exhibition with works in animation) Christopher Cutts Gallery, Toronto
2007: Thielsen Gallery, London, Ont.
2003: Thielsen Gallery, London, Ont.
1999: Drabinsky Gallery, Toronto
1994 and 1995: Robert McLaughlin Gallery, Oshawa, Ont.
1984: Cambridge Art Gallery and Library, Cambridge, Ont.
1979: Rodman Hall, St. Catharines, Ont.
1978: The Gallery, Stratford, Ont.
1976: Kitchener-Waterloo Art Gallery, Kitchener, Ont.
1975: Tom Thomson Memorial Gallery, Owen Sound, Ont.
1971: Robert McLaughlin Gallery, Oshawa, Ont.
1960: Stable Gallery, Montreal (Cahen and Ronald absent)
1959: National Gallery of Canada, touring, 7 venues (Ronald absent)
1958: École des Beaux-Arts de Montréal
1957: Park Gallery, Toronto
1956: Riverside Museum, New York (with the American Abstract Artists)
1955: Roberts Gallery, Toronto
1954: Roberts Gallery, Toronto
Works
See also
Canadian Group of Painters
Eastern Group of Painters
Group of Seven
Indian Group of Seven
Les Automatistes
List of Canadian Artists
Regina Five
The Robert McLaughlin Gallery
References
Bibliography
Robert Belton, The Theatre of the Self: The Life and Art of William Ronald (Calgary: University of Calgary Press, 1999).
Graham Broad, "Painters Eleven: the Shock of the New" in The Beaver, February–March 2003, 20-26.
Denise Leclerc, The Crisis of Abstraction in Canada (Ottawa: National Gallery of Canada, 1992).
Iris Nowell, Painters Eleven: The Wild Ones of Canadian Art (Douglas & McIntyre) Sept. 2010
Dennis Reid, A Concise History of Canadian Painting (Toronto: Oxford University Press, 1973).
External links
Robert McLaughlin Gallery
Painters Eleven
Canadian artist groups and collectives
Abstract expressionist artists
Modern painters
The 1994–95 New York Islanders season was the 23rd season in the franchise's history. The Islanders were unable to qualify for the playoffs, thus ending their two season playoff streak.
Offseason
Regular season
After starting the season with a 4–2–1 record, the Islanders fell into a slump from which they could not recover. They would win only 11 of their remaining 41 games, going 11–26–4. The Islanders would finish 12 points out of eighth place and miss the playoffs for the first time since 1992.
Near the end of the season, General Manager Don Maloney decided that the core of players he had left alone for three seasons should be totally revamped, and he undertook a rebuilding project. He traded Pierre Turgeon and Vladimir Malakhov to Montreal for Kirk Muller and Mathieu Schneider, and Benoit Hogue was sent to Toronto for young goaltender Eric Fichaud. Additionally, Maloney allowed the team's leading scorer, Ray Ferraro, to depart as an unrestricted free agent at the conclusion of the season. Fans' displeasure at the GM for trading the popular Turgeon was magnified when Muller balked at joining a rebuilding team. He only played 45 games for the Islanders before being sent to the Maple Leafs.
The Islanders finished the regular season having allowed the most short-handed goals in the NHL, with 11.
Season standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes
Source:
Defensemen
Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP= Games played; W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against Average
Draft picks
Source:
References
Islanders on Hockey Database
New York Islanders seasons
New York Islanders
New York Islanders
New York Islanders
New York Islanders
Sirkeli, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Face Thailand season 2 began audition on 2 August 2015 at Royal Paragon Hall in Siam Paragon in Bangkok. Lukkade Metinee was reprised their roles as coaches again. Bee Namthip and Cris Horwang was the new coach in this season. was a host replaced Utt Uttsada and Janie Tienphosuwan was a special coach in this season. The show was airing every Saturday 5:25 p.m. to 7:15 p.m..The socond season premiered on 17 October 2015 and ended on 9 January 2016.
The winner of the competition was Kanticha "Ticha" Chumma.
Contestants
(ages stated are at start of filming)
Episodes
Episode 1 : Casting
First aired 17 October 2015
In the first week is to qualify for all 50 people to shoot and the next natural makeup to steer his team to three Mentors, it was decided by a shoot . Contestants from 50 finalists who had to walk around 39 people . In the second round as a model for screening into three teams, Mentor was the decision by walking and the third round to make up for Mentor selected by a team of around 28 people coming through and finalists 15 people.
Team Lukkade : Tiya, Coco, Natto, Gina, Maprang.
Team Bee : Linly, Jee, Praew, Jukkoo, Ticha.
Team Cris : Jazzy, Looknam, Namwan, Gwang, June.
Episode 2 : Beauty Shot
First aired 24 October 2015
Challenge winner: Jee Phisanphongchana
Winning coach and team: Bee Namthip
Bottom two: Tiya Durmaz & Looknam Kruythong
Eliminated: Looknam Kruythong
Episode 3 : Screen Test Music Video
First aired 31 October 2015
Challenge winner: Gwang Ormsinnoppakul
Winning coach and team: Bee Namthip
Bottom two: Tiya Durmaz & Namwan Wongtanatat
Eliminated: Namwan Wongtanatat
Episode 4 : Wonderful Pearl Cruise
First aired 7 November 2015
Challenge winner: Gwang Ormsinnoppakul
Winning coach and team: Lukkade Metinee
Bottom two: Jee Phisanphongchana & Gwang Ormsinnoppakul
Eliminated: Jee Phisanphongchana
Special guest: Cindy Bishop
Episode 5 : Bed Side Story
First aired 14 November 2015
Challenge winner: Gwang Ormsinnoppakul
Winning coach and team: Lukkade Metinee
Bottom two: Linly Thongkam & June Tongsumrit
Eliminated: June Tongsumrit
Episode 6 : The Wedding Day
First aired 21 November 2015
Challenge winner: Gwang Ormsinnoppakul
Winning coach and team: Cris Horwang
Bottom three: Praew Naksuwan, Maprang Arunchot & Natto Pongkhan
Eliminated: Natto Pongkhan
Guest mentor: Janie Tienphosuwan
Special guest: Ananda Everingham
Episode 7 : Life is Thrilling
First aired 28 November 2015
Challenge winner: Maprang Arunchot
Winning coach and team: Lukkade Metinee
Bottom two: Jazzy Chewter & Praew Naksuwan
Eliminated: Praew Naksuwan
Episode 8 : Floating Catwalk
First aired 5 December 2015
Challenge winner: Jazzy Chewter
Winning coach and team: Cris Horwang
Bottom two: Ticha Chumma & Coco Suparurk
Eliminated: None
Episode 9 : Make Super Icon Happen
First aired 12 December 2015
Challenge winner: Gwang Ormsinnoppakul
Winning coach and team: Bee Namthip
Bottom two: Tiya Durmaz & Gwang Ormsinnoppakul
Eliminated: Tiya Durmaz
Special guest: Janie Tienphosuwan
Episode 10 : Underwater Photography
First aired 19 December 2015
Challenge winner: Ticha Chumma
Winning coach and team: Lukkade Metinee
Bottom two: Jazzy Chewter & Jukkoo Klinchan
Eliminated: Jazzy Chewter
Episode 11 : Make Double Look Happen
First aired 26 December 2015
Challenge winner: Coco Suparurk
Winning coach and team: Lukkade Metinee
Winning campaign: Gina Pattarachokchai
Final three was chosen by Coach: Gwang Ormsinnoppakul, Gina Pattarachokchai & Ticha Chumma
Fourth final was chosen by coach from winning campaign team: Maprang Arunchot
Eliminated: Coco Suparurk, Linly Thongkam & Jukkoo Klinchan
Special guest: Janie Tienphosuwan
Episode 12 : Are You Ready?
First aired 2 January 2016
In this week's episode reunion special. Looknam and June did not come in this episode.
Episode 13 : Final Walk
First aired 9 January 2016
Final four: Gina Pattarachokchai, Maprang Arunchot, Ticha Chumma & Gwang Ormsinnoppakul
Winning campaign: Ticha Chumma
Eliminated: Maprang Arunchot
Final three: Gwang Ormsinnoppakul, Ticha Chumma & Gina Pattarachokchai
The Face Thailand: Ticha Chumma
Winning coach and team: Bee Namthip
Summaries
Elimination Table
The contestant was part of the winning team for the episode.
The contestant was at risk of elimination.
The contestant was eliminated from the competition.
The contestant won the campaign individually.
The contestant was a Runner-Up.
The contestant won The Face.
Episode 1 was the casting episode. The final fifteen were divided into individual teams of five as they were selected.
In episode 8, team Cris won the campaign. Lukkade nominated Coco while Bee nominated Ticha for elimination. Cris told both of the girls that she is mentored for the face not only for her team thus she didn't cut both of them. Furthermore, Cris just stole Ticha from Bee to join her team and that moment made her and Bee had the fight.
In episode 11, Gina won the campaign individually, automatically letting team Lukkade choose another one contestant. Lukkade, Bee and Cris were allowed to choose any of contestant to advance into the finale from the remaining seven models. Lukkade chose Gina, Bee chose Ticha, and Cris chose Gwang. After knowing that team Lukkade won a campaign, Lukkade chose Maprang as a final contestant who then was allowed to do the final runway. Jukkoo, Linly and Coco were eliminated.
In episode 12, was a reunion with contestants in this season. Looknam and June did not come to this part.
In episode 13, Ticha won the campaign individually, Ticha, Gina and Gwang were put through to the final runway show while Maprang was eliminated.
Campaigns
Episode 1: Natural Beauty Shots; Self Administered 'Transformations' (Casting)
Episode 2: Beauty Shots with animals
Episode 3: Music Video for "
Episode 4: Catwalk on Wonderful Pearl Cruise
Episode 5: Photoshoot "Bed Side Story" with male models
Episode 6: Obstacle Catwalk on staircase "The Wedding Day"
Episode 7: Photoshoot "Life is Thrilling"
Episode 8: Fashion walking on floating catwalk
Episode 9: Fashion Video for Maybelline: Make Super Icon Happen
Team Lukkade as Madonna – Vogue
Team Bee as Beyoncé – Crazy In Love
Team Cris as Britney Spears – Baby One More Time
Episode 10: Photoshoot "Underwater shooting"
Episode 11: Online advertising for Maybelline Lip Gradation in theme "Make Double Look Happen"
Episode 13: Acting and Finalwalk
References
Thailand, 2
The Face Thailand seasons
2015 Thai television seasons
2016 Thai television seasons
This is a list of channels available in Ireland. Public broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann (4 channels), first commercial broadcaster Virgin Media Television (4 channels), Irish language channel TG4, and Irish Parliament Channel Oireachtas TV
Main channels
Entertainment channels
Northern Ireland channels
Children
News
Community channels
Other channels broadcasting to Ireland
Specialised channels for Ireland
These channels show local advertising and/or sponsorship for Ireland.
Pan-European/international channels
UK channels available in Ireland
Proposed and Defunct channels
Proposed
Atomic TV: A 24-hour music channel was expected to launch in the 1990s.
Property TV and WTV: both of these channels were proposed to launch in 2008.
Unknown dates
Capital Television - this was another short-lived Dublin channel which only broadcast a caption for a week, along with a testcard at night another week. It was a pirate TV channel.
1980s
Channel 3 - (Later known as Channel D) was a short-lived Dublin based television station broadcasting from July 1981 to November 1981. It was a pirate TV channel.
Nova TV - this was another Dublin pirate TV channel that was broadcast for a short time in the 1980s.
1990s
RLO TV - this was another legal/pirate television station (Satellite and UHF), broadcast in Limerick by Radio Limerick One in 1999 and 2000. An official license was granted for the satellite service in 1997 at which time digital broadcasts began making this the first digital television channel in Ireland beating RTÉ by years. During the UHF years while the station was not airing its own content they would broadcast a relay of UK Channel 5.
2000s
Waterford@8 - this was a sister local TV service of WLR FM in Waterford. It was available on cable in Waterford city and Dungarvan and on MMDS in east Waterford and south Kilkenny. The service launched in 2000, and ceased in 2005.
Sky News Ireland - this was an Irish version of Sky News, carried to Ireland on Sky Digital, and by most cable companies. It ceased broadcasting in November 2006 due to low audience figures.
Chorus Sports - this was on Chorus Cable, which showed local sports, greyhound racing, and national motor racing events. This ceased broadcasting in January 2007.
Bubble Hits Ireland - this was a 24-hour music channel targeting both Ireland and the rest of Europe (European version). On 13 February 2009, Bubble Hits ceased broadcasting due to a downturn in advertising revenue.
Channel 6 - active from 2006 to January 2009; replaced by 3e.
2010s
In December 2016, Irish TV confirmed it would cease broadcasting.
On Sunday 8 January 2017 UTV Ireland ceased broadcasting.
MTV Music Irish feed ceased in July 2019 and temporarily replaced by MTV Music UK.
2020s
Channels operated by Sky, BBC, Paramount Global, Warner Media and Discovery are registered to broadcast in Ireland as they are registered in Luxembourg, the Netherlands and the Czech Republic, from 1 January 2021. Previously the Irish feeds of these channels were regulated by the UK regulator OFCOM.
In late 2021, eir dropped its eir sport channels.
In 11 April 2022, Virgin Media Sport is closed.
On 12 April 2022, Virgin Media Television launched Virgin Media More.
See also
Television in Ireland
Timeline of commercial television in the Republic of Ireland
References
Ireland
Television stations
Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito's 2013 season was the club's 83rd year of existence, the 60th year in professional football, and the 52nd in the top level of professional football in Ecuador.
Club
Personnel
President: Carlos Arroyo
Honorary President: Rodrigo Paz
President of the Executive Commission: Esteban Paz
President of the Football Commission: Edwin Ripalda
Vice-President of the Football Commission: Patricio Torres
Sporting manager: Santiago Jácome
Coaching staff
Manager: Edgardo Bauza
Assistant manager: José Daniel Di Leo
Physical trainer: Bruno Militano
Goalkeeper trainer: Gustavo Flores
Statistician: Maximiliano Bauza
Kits
|}
Squad information
Liga's squad for the season is allowed a maximum of four foreign players at any one time, and a maximum of eight throughout the season. At the start of the season, Liga was mandated to start one under-18 player in each match. The jersey numbers in the main table (directly below) refer to the number on their domestic league jersey. The under-18 players will wear a jersey number of at least #50. For each CONMEBOL competition, Liga must register 25 players, whose jerseys will be numbered 1–25. Because of this, some players may have different jersey numbers while playing in CONMEBOL matches.
Note: Caps and goals are of the national league and are current as of the beginning of the season.
Winter transfers
In a press conference on December 18, 2012, Liga de Quito announced the signings of Carlos Arboleda of Deportivo Quevedo, Hugo Vélez of El Nacional and Koob Hurtado of LDU Loja. On the same day, Sporting Kansas City signed with Claudio Bieler as Designated Player. On December 19, 2012, Liga de Quito announced the signings of Carlos Feraud and Marco Mosquera of LDU Loja. On December 20, 2012, Liga de Quito announced the signings of Carlos Garcés and Francisco Rojas of Manta FC, Marco Posligua of Pilahuin, Yeison Ordóñez of Independiente José Terán and Johao Montaño of Deportivo Quito. In the same press conference, Ignacio Canuto was announced as the new foreign player of the team. On January 3, 2013, Liga de Quito announced the signings of José Madrid of El Nacional and Luis Saritama of Deportivo Quito.
Summer transfers
On April 16, 2013, veteran midfielder Patricio Urrutia announced his retirement from professional football. He played his last game on May 23. In a press conference on June 24, 2013, Liga de Quito announced the signing of Jaime Ayoví for one year on a loan from Club Tijuana.
Competitions
Pre-season friendlies
Other friendlies
Serie A
The 2013 season is Liga's 52nd season in the Serie A and their twelfth consecutive. The league season will run from late January to early December. The format is identical to the previous season.
First stage
Second stage
Copa Libertadores
Copa Libertadores squad
LDU Quito qualified to the 2013 Copa Libertadores—their 16th participation in the continental tournament—as 3rd place of the 2012 Serie A aggregate table and were given the Ecuador 3 berth. They entered the competition in the First Stage and were placed in Match G2 with Grêmio.
First stage
Tied 1–1 on aggregate, Grêmio won on penalties.
Patricio Urrutia testimonial match
In honor of his retirement, a testimonial match was held for long-time captain Patricio Urrutia. The match was contested between players of the 2008 Copa Libertadores winning squad, and members of the Ecuadorian national football team. Urrutia played with each team. Important players of the 2008 Copa Libertadores squad as Claudio Bieler, Luis Bolaños, Joffre Guerrón and Diego Calderón couldn't participate of the match.
Note 1: Current LDU Quito player, but not part of the 2008 squad.
Note 2: Former LDU Quito player, but not part of the 2008 squad.
Note 3: Never played with LDU Quito.
Player statistics
Last updated: December 8, 2013Note: Players in italics left the club mid-season.Source:
Team statistics
Last updated: December 8, 2013 Source:Competitive matches
References
2013
Ecuadorian football clubs 2013 season
The December 2015 North American storm complex was a major storm complex that produced a tornado outbreak, a winter storm, a blizzard and an ice storm in areas ranging from the Southwestern United States to New England. Tornadoes impacted areas around Dallas, Texas. Several states, especially Missouri, were affected by heavy rain and snow causing severe floods. As the system moved through the Great Lakes region, heavy rain, ice pellets and heavy snow fell in the entire region. Wintry mix moved through southern Ontario and Quebec had significant snowfall on December 29. Almost 60 people were killed in the storm system and its aftermath, which made it one of the deadliest of such systems of 2015 in the United States.
Meteorological history
The outbreak was caused by a vigorous upper-level trough that moved into the Central and Southern Plains states on December 25. An extratropical cyclone developed ahead of this upper-level trough over the West Coast, which moved southeast into the Southwestern United States early on December 26. Continuing to move east, snow began to fall in the Upper Midwest, dropping up to , before rapidly dissipating. As the initial low-pressure area moved over the United States–Mexico border, a southwards dip in the jet stream to the west had formed. In response to this, an upper-level low developed by evening on December 26. This upper-level low began to track to the north, drawing moisture from the Pacific Ocean and Gulf of Mexico. As it did so, a long cluster of heavy showers and thunderstorms fired up from eastern Oklahoma to southwestern Missouri, which set up a severe flooding event. Some areas picked up to over of rainfall, triggering several floods.
At the same time, discrete tornadic supercells began to appear in areas of Texas. One of the cells produced a violent EF4 wedge tornado, which ripped through parts of Garland and Rowlett, Texas, causing major damage and killing 10 people. As the storm complex began to move to the north, more supercells began to appear with several more tornadoes being reported. By the early morning of December 27, the supercells merged into a squall line, with tornado reports beginning to diminish, but occasionally a few isolated tornadoes would be produced by the storm.
While producing severe weather in the Deep South, the storm complex produced heavy snow and blizzard conditions in the southwestern parts of Texas through December 26–27, as frigid temperatures had spilled south into the area just the previous day before. Strong winds contributed to power outages and blowing and drifting snow. The snowfall continued throughout the majority of December 27, before tapering off near midnight as the storm system began to pull out of the region. In total, the storm complex dumped up to of snow in the western parts of Texas, a very rare and historic occurrence in the affected areas. The storm had also produced a small but significant ice storm in the central parts of Texas, with ice accumulations ranging up to in some areas, leading to thousands of power outages.
By December 28, the storm complex had moved into the Central United States, producing more snow, ice, heavy rain, and severe weather in an area stretching from the Midwest into Louisiana. The upper-level low eventually began to take over as the dominant low, and had begun to make a more east-northeastwards turn. Spreading a swath of from Missouri to Maine, the storm complex continued to accelerate into southern Canada while producing more ice, rain and severe weather as the southern quadrant approached the East Coast. Rain eventually reached areas like Philadelphia and New York City late on December 28, and persisted somewhat into the early morning hours of December 29. At this point, the storm system had already entered Canada, and its circulation was beginning to become elongated. The remnants of the storm eventually dissipated, early on December 30.
Confirmed tornadoes
December 26 event
December 27 event
December 28 event
Preparations and impact
Tornado outbreak
Texas
On December 26, 2015, the tornado outbreak portion of the storm system, with 32 tornadoes total confirmed, began when 12 tornadoes impacted Texas that evening, mostly in and around the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, killing 13 people, which made it the deadliest tornado disaster in the area since the Dallas tornado of 1957, and added to the highest tornado death count in the U.S. for the month of December since 1953. An EF3 tornado moved through multiple subdivisions in Ovilla and Glenn Heights, Texas on the south side of the metroplex, destroying numerous homes and two churches. Ten people in Garland, Texas died as a result of a large and powerful EF4 wedge tornado that also destroyed many homes in the neighboring suburb of Rowlett. An EF2 tornado killed two people in Copeville, while an EF1 caused another fatality near Blue Ridge. Additional tornadoes touched down across the Southern United States on December 27 and 28. Most of these tornadoes were weak, though EF2 tornadoes caused considerable damage near Marianna, Arkansas and Marshall, Texas. More than 65,000 people lost power in the area due to the tornadoes.
Damage from tornadoes in Texas alone is estimated at $1.2 billion. There were also 635 injuries.
Flooding
Southern United States
The storm system was responsible for heavy rain that caused severe flooding in 13 states, with Missouri being especially impacted. Parts of the state were hit with over of heavy rainfall. At least 14 people died due to the floods in Missouri alone. In Union, Missouri, the Bourbeuse River rose to , above the preceding record of which occurred on December 5, 1982. More than 180 roads, including portions of Interstates 44, 55, and 70, and several bridges were closed. The Meramec River, near St. Louis, crested above its previous record height, inundating nearby communities. At least 380 homes and 70 businesses were flooded in Franklin County.
Approximately 140,000 sandbags were brought in to protect portions of the Bayshore subdivision in Arnold. At least 150 homes succumbed to flooding in the city. More than 100 boat rescues were conducted in Eureka.
Major flooding also occurred in south Alabama, where the Pea River in Elba, Alabama flooded. Most of the rainfall occurred on Christmas Eve day when training thunderstorms went over the same areas. All in all, a widespread occurred.
Nine levees were topped—five along the Mississippi River, three along the Missouri River, and one along the Kaskaskia River—though the affected areas were predominantly unpopulated. Large stretches of the Mississippi River were placed on alert due to projected major flooding.
Flash flooding also claimed seven lives in Illinois, two in Oklahoma, one in Arkansas, and one in Georgia.
Winter storm
High Plains
The combination of heavy snow, strong winds, and bitterly cold temperatures resulted in blizzard conditions across most of New Mexico, southeastern Colorado, western Oklahoma and West Texas. Some places in this area had over of snow but also snow drifts up to 12 feet (370 cm) high. In the path of this Texas low, a swath of snow and ice impacted the central Plains and Midwest from Oklahoma to Wisconsin as the storm system moved northeastward toward the eastern Great Lakes. The storm system spread a wintry mix of snow, sleet and freezing rain to New York State and New England, disrupting travel in the region. At least 1 person in New Mexico, and 4 people in Oklahoma died as a direct result of the winter storm system.
Elsewhere and Canada
More than 750 flights were cancelled at Chicago O'Hare International Airport, and hundreds more at Detroit, Toronto and Montreal. Due to a strong Arctic air mass north of the system, parts of northern Michigan, Ontario and all Quebec suffered blizzard conditions, with moderate snow bands and moderate winds as well. 20–30 cm of snow (8–12 in) fell in Ottawa–Gatineau, less than 10 cm (4 in) in Toronto, and the greater Montreal region had 30–40 cm of snow (12–16 in).
Four people died in Minnesota in a car accident linked to snow-covered roads. Two people died from overexertion while clearing snow in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Other similar indirect deaths from the winter storm were reported in New Mexico (1 death), Missouri (2), Michigan (1), New York (1), Vermont (3), New Hampshire (1), and Maine (1).
The dairy industry in eastern New Mexico and western Texas lost 30,000 cows to the storm.
See also
Late December 2012 North American storm complex
December 2013 North American storm complex
November 2015 United States ice storm
Mid-January 2017 North American ice storm
Tornado outbreak and floods of April 28 – May 1, 2017
Notes
References
External links
North and Central Texas December 26, 2015 Tornado Outbreak (NWS Fort Worth)
F4 tornadoes by date
Storm complex,12
Storm complex,12
Storm complex,12
United States,12
Storm complex,12
2015,12
Storm complex,2015,12
Storm complex,2015,12
Storm complex,12
Storm complex,12
Mississippi River floods
Storm complex,12
Storm complex,12
Storm complex,12
Storm complex,12
Storm complex,12
Storm complex,2015,12
Storm complex,2015,12
Storm complex
Kurt Johannessen (born 4 December 1933) is a Norwegian former sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1933 births
Living people
Norwegian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Norway
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Oslo
The Brown Berets are a Chicano/Mexican-American–based community organization in Watsonville, California, modeled after the Brown Berets of the Civil Rights Movement. Watsonville is a town with a population of 53,856 of which 82% are Latino. An excerpt from their website states, "we serve as a community defense force acting for the liberation and amelioration of our barrios". Their beliefs are anti-military, anti-police, and anti-border patrol. Their members are encouraged to study the Black Panthers and American Militant Resistance. Brown Beret member and former Watsonville Mayor Oscar Rios was quoted in an interview as saying "It (California) belonged to us, Mexico, 1848. It was taken away okay, so it's no surprise we're taking it back slowly but surely."
Background
On April 6, 1994, two Chicano students, Luis Alejo and Felipe Hernandez, inspired by the legacy of the Mexican nationalist-tinged community activism of the original Brown Berets, decided to resurrect the movement. They felt that similar conditions existed there in 1994 that had existed in 1967, and wanted to respond to the gang-related murders of 9-year-old Jessica Cortez and her 16-year-old brother, George. Two of the founding members of the group were current Watsonville City council member Felipe Hernandez and current California State Assembly Member Luis Angel Alejo; both continue to support the group.
Since then, the group has established firm relations with other grassroots community organizations such as Students Against War (UCSC), Barrios Unidos, and the Resource Center for Non-Violence of Santa Cruz, and many other Brown Beret chapters across the U.S. In 2004, the Watsonville Brown Berets opened "Liberation School", which provides tutoring and career guidance as well as an extensive revolutionary library.
On May 27, 2005, the Watsonville Brown Berets organized their fourth annual Youth and Power event, which took place at the Vets Hall in Watsonville. Over 400 young people were in attendance. The event featured counter-military recruitment activist Fernando Suarez del Solar. Over 20 organizations hosted information tables providing literature about college opportunities as well as political, community and environmental activism. “It is events like this that empower our young people and remind them that their voice is a powerful weapon,” said organizer and youth advocate Jennifer Laskin.
In 2008, the Watsonville Brown Berets Launched a bike shack in Watsonville for the youth of their community. This bike shop gives their community an outlet for cooperation with other community members. Rather than working against opposing forces of the Latino community, the Watsonville Brown Berets utilize this bike shop to foster an abundance of physical activities within their community.
References
External links
Interview with original Brown Berets co-founder Carlos Montes
Watsonville Brown Berets website
Watson Brown Berets on Santa Cruz Indymedia
Chicano nationalism
Hispanic and Latino American organizations
Mexican-American culture in California
Nationalist organizations
Organizations based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Watsonville, California
The 2018 Ole Miss Rebels football team represented the University of Mississippi in the 2018 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Rebels played their home games at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, Mississippi and competed in the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). They were led by second-year head coach Matt Luke. They finished the season 5–7, 1–7 in SEC play to finish in sixth place in the Western Division.
On December 1, 2017, the University of Mississippi was dealt multiple sanctions by the NCAA, including a 2-year post-season ban. As Ole Miss already self-imposed a post-season ban during the 2017 season, 2018 will be the last season without post-season play due to the sanctions. On February 5, 2018, the university submitted a written appeal to the NCAA regarding the penalties, stating: “This Committee should vacate and reverse the penalties and factual findings, because the COI (Committee of Infractions) abused its discretion, departed from precedent, committed procedural errors, and reached factual conclusions inconsistent with the evidence.”
Previous season
The Rebels finished the 2017 season 6–6, 3–5 in SEC play to finish in sixth place in the Western Division. They did not participate in a bowl game while serving a one year self imposed bowl ban.
Preseason
Award watch lists
Listed in the order that they were released
SEC media poll
The SEC media poll was released on July 20, 2018 with the Rebels predicted to finish in sixth place.
Preseason All-SEC teams
The Rebels had three players selected to the preseason all-SEC teams.
Offense
1st team
A. J. Brown – WR
Greg Little – OL
3rd team
Javon Patterson – OL
Recruiting
The Rebels' 2018 recruiting class was ranked 32nd in the nation and 10th in the SEC by 247Sports.
Schedule
Ole Miss announced its 2018 football schedule on September 19, 2017. The 2018 schedule consists of 7 home and 5 away games in the regular season. The Rebels will host SEC foes Alabama, Auburn, South Carolina, and Mississippi State, and will travel to LSU, Arkansas (game played in Little Rock), Texas A&M, and Vanderbilt.
The Rebels will be hosting three of their four non-conference opponents, hosting Southern Illinois (FCS), Kent State from the Mid-American Conference, Louisiana–Monroe from the Sun Belt Conference, and will then travel to Houston for their neutral site season opener against Texas Tech from the Big 12 Conference, which is the 2018 edition of the
AdvoCare Texas Kickoff.
Schedule Source:
Personnel
Coaching staff
Game summaries
vs Texas Tech
Southern Illinois
#1 Alabama
Kent State
at #5 LSU
Louisiana-Monroe
at Arkansas
Auburn
South Carolina
at Texas A&M
at Vanderbilt
#18 Mississippi State
Players drafted into the NFL
See also
2017–18 Ole Miss Rebels men's basketball team
2017–18 Ole Miss Rebels women's basketball team
2018 Ole Miss Rebels baseball team
References
Ole Miss
Ole Miss Rebels football seasons
Ole Miss Rebels football
A girl is a young female human.
Girl or The Girl may also refer to:
Film
Girl (1965 film), a Yugoslav film directed by Mladomir Puriša Đorđević
Girl (1994 film), an Australian film directed by Peter Thompson
Girl (1998 film), an American drama film starring Dominique Swain
Girl (2018 film), a Belgian drama film
Girl (2020 film), an American-Canadian thriller film
The Girl (1987 film), a British-Swedish film directed by Arne Mattsson
The Girl (2000 film), a French-American romantic drama film directed by Sande Zeig
The Girl (2009 film), a Swedish drama film directed by Fredrik Edfeldt
The Girl (2012 independent film), a film starring Abbie Cornish
The Girl (2012 TV film), a British film directed by Julian Jarrold
The Girl (2014 film), a Chinese romantic comedy film
Literature
Girl (comics), a set index article
Girl (UK comics), a comic published by Hulton Press, 1951–1964
Girl (Vertigo), a 1996 mini-series by Peter Milligan
Girl Comics, a title from Timely Comics, Atlas Comics and Marvel Comics
Girl (O'Brien novel), a 2019 novel by Edna O'Brien
Girl (Nelson novel), a 1994 novel by Blake Nelson
"Girl" (short story), a 1978 story by Jamaica Kincaid
The Girl (novel), a 1978 novel by Meridel Le Sueur
The Girl: A Life in the Shadow of Roman Polanski, a 2013 memoir by Samantha Geimer
Music
Girl (band), a 1979–1982 English glam metal band
Albums
Girl (Dannii Minogue album), 1997
Girl (Eskimo Joe album), 2001
Girl (Magic Dirt album), 2008
Girl (Maren Morris album), 2019
Girl (Pharrell Williams album), 2014
The Girl (album), by Charlotte Perrelli, 2012
Songs
"Girl" (Beatles song), 1965
"Girl" (Beck song), 2005
"Girl" (Davy Jones song), 1971
"Girl" (Destiny's Child song), 2005
"Girl" (Maren Morris song), 2019
"Girl" (Paul Wall song), 2006
"Girl" (The Time song), 1982; written by Prince, who later recorded a different song with the same title (see below)
"Girl" (William Wei song), 2015
"Girl (Why You Wanna Make Me Blue)", by the Temptations, 1964
"Girl", by Anouk from Hotel New York, 2004
"Girl", by Baroque, 2016
"Girl", by Built to Spill from The Normal Years, 1996
"Girl", by Duffy from Endlessly, 2010
"Girl", by Empire of the Sun from Walking on a Dream, 2008
"Girl", by the Internet from Ego Death, 2015
"Girl", by Jamie xx from In Colour, 2015
"Girl", by Pat Benatar from Go, 2003
"Girl", by Prince, B-side of the single "America", 1985
"Girl", by Pseudo Echo from Love an Adventure, 1985
"Girl", by the Records from Shades in Bed, 1979
"Girl", by Robots in Disguise from Get RID!, 2005
"Girl", by Stereophonics from Language. Sex. Violence. Other?, 2005
"Girl", by Suicide from Suicide, 1977
"Girl", by Tori Amos from Little Earthquakes, 1992
"Girl (You Captivate Me)", by ? and the Mysterians from Action, 1967
"The Girl", by Hellberg
Other uses
Girl (Chinese constellation)
The Girl (TV series), a 2016 Colombian drama series
Girl Skateboard Company, an American skateboard company
Daughter
See also
Girlhood (disambiguation)
"Girlie" (song), by the Peddlers
Girls (disambiguation)
The Girls (disambiguation)
Avcıova is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Lingambudhi Lake is a lake in the city of Mysore, India.
History
This Lake was built by Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar in 1828 in memory of his Maharani Krishna Vilasa Lingajammanni
Botanical Garden
Botanical Garden was established in the Lake premises in 2020. Botanical garden is divided to many blocks based on Plant names. Namely, Arboretum Block, Rose Block, Argentea Block, Plumeria Block, Topiary Block, Fruits Block, Butterfly Park, Minor Fruit Block, Native Species Block, Palms Block, Medicinal and Aromatic Block, Rockeries Block, Lotus Pond, Bamboo Block, Ficus and Endangered Species Block
Rabindranath Tagore Layout
Rabindranath Tagore Layout is one of the six new layout of Mysore city envisaged by the Mysore Urban Development Authority in 2015.
See also
Srirampur
Lingam Budhi Park
References
External links
Mysore Nature|Lingambudhi Lake
Mysore Nature | Lingambudhi Lake | Bird Checklist
Lakes of Mysore
The second USS Kangaroo (IX-121), an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the kangaroo, a family of herbivorous, leaping, marsupial mammals of Australia, New Guinea, and adjacent islands. Her keel was laid down as Paul Tulane under Maritime Commission contract (T. Z-ET1-S-C3) by Delta Shipbuilding Company, New Orleans, Louisiana, on 28 September 1943. She was renamed Kangaroo 27 October 1943, launched on 6 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Rufus C. Harris, acquired by the Navy on bareboat basis 17 December, and commissioned on 20 December.
Following shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico, Kangaroo departed Guantanamo Bay Naval Base on 24 January 1944, transited the Panama Canal on 28 January, and steamed to Noumea, New Caledonia, arriving 1 March. Assigned to the Service Force Pacific as a replacement for Stag (IX-128), she loaded fuel and supplies and departed for Guadalcanal on 21 March. Upon arrival 26 March, she commenced fueling operations, and for the next five months she's replenishing ships in waters of the Solomon Islands.
Departing Tulagi on 10 September, she sailed to the Tonga Islands, received a cargo of fuel oil, and delivered her cargo at Noumea on 5 October. For seven months she served as a shuttle and station tanker, transporting bunker oil from the Fiji Islands and Tonga Islands to bases in the New Hebrides and New Caledonia. After a voyage to New Zealand for repairs, she departed Auckland on 6 June to load fuel oil at American Samoa. Subsequently, she conducted fueling operations in the Solomon Islands, Eniwetok, and the Western Caroline Islands before arriving Buckner Bay, Okinawa, on 14 August to resume duty as a station tanker.
While in the Pacific Kangaroo steamed over 20,000 miles (32,000 kilometers) and hauled more than 38,000,000 gallons (900,000 barrels, 144,000 cubic meters) of fuel oil and hundreds of drums of lubricating oil for fighting ships of the Navy. During her service she refueled more than 80 ships, including ten aircraft carriers, 34 destroyers, 20 troop transports, 12 cargo ships, and numerous merchantmen — not to mention storage barges, oilers, and tank farms.
Kangaroo departed Okinawa on 2 February 1946, for the United States. Transiting the Panama Canal on 9 March, she put into Norfolk, Virginia, on 30 April after a six-week anchorage at Lynnhaven Roads and Hampton Roads. Kangaroo decommissioned on 13 May, and the following day she was turned over to the Maritime Commission for disposal.
References
Armadillo-class tankers
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in New Orleans
1943 ships
Tomas Ugo Behrend (born 12 December 1974) is a German former professional tennis player. His career high ATP singles ranking was World No. 74, which he attained in October 2005. His career high in doubles was World No. 43 in October 2007.
Behrend retired in 2007 and said he regrets never having the opportunity to have played Andre Agassi before he retired. Behrend has opened up a tennis academy in his hometown of Alsdorf called ToBe.
Early life and change of nationality
Behrend is of German descent and was born in Porto Alegre and raised in Novo Hamburgo where his father Claudio who was a volleyball player owns and runs a graphic and printing company. He started playing tennis at the age of five and in addition to playing tennis as a youngster he swam and played football, handball and volleyball before focusing on tennis. Behrend has three brothers and is a fan of the Gremio and Borussia Dortmund football teams.
In 1991 Behrend went to Germany at the age of 17 to play club tennis, through his German background he was able to obtain a German passport which made it easier for travel and financially more lucrative for him to represent Germany than Brazil, at time as a Brazilian player, he would have taxed at 45% of his prize money.
Career
Behrend won his first Futures and Challenger title in 1998, while he did not have great success on the main tour. He managed to hold both positive head-to-head records against two former world number ones Carlos Moyá who he defeated twice when Moya was in the top 10, one of them in his country of birth and the other win in his adopted country and Juan Carlos Ferrero who he defeated at Palermo in 2005 which was where he had his best tournament result on the ATP tour reaching the semi-finals losing to Filippo Volandri.
2003 was Behrend's best year in singles and there were calls for Behrend to play Davis Cup for Brazil, but this avenue was closed when Behrend was selected to play for Germany at the age of 28 against Belarus. He lost his only Davis Cup match to Max Mirnyi 5–7, 2–6, 7–6(6), 6–2, 6–4, 7–5. In spite of the loss Behrend said " To represent a nation in the World Group of Davis Cup is the dream for any player and at 28, perhaps this was my last chance".
On the subject of representing Germany and not Brazil. Behrend believes that there was no opportunity for him at the start of his career to become a professional in Brazil and in Germany he was able to receive financial assistance. He had always wanted to be called up by Brazil, but was upset at the politics behind the scenes, when it came to the fourth player, given that Gustavo Kuerten, Fernando Meligeni and Flávio Saretta were all fit, then they were selected and the often fourth member was ranked behind him in the rankings, therefore "I am a Brazilian with a German passport".
Single titles
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Brazilian emigrants to Germany
German male tennis players
Session capping is a term in online advertising that means restricting (capping) the amount of specific advertising sessions a visitor to a website is allowed to have.
It greatly diminishes the amount of money the advertiser can earn.
Here, a session is defined as the total amount of time one visitor spends on a single website, regardless of how many pages he or she visits within that time. When the visitor closes his browser, or enters an entire different website, the session ends. When the visitor returns to the website, a different advertising session can be started. See also session (computer science) and
Session capping is somewhat similar to frequency capping.
Using session capping, a specific advertising scheme can be applied to a website visit. For example, advertisements can be repeated indefinitely within a single session, or a specific order can be implemented.
References
See also
Frequency capping
Online advertising
Lucimar Teodoro (born 1 May 1981) is a Brazilian track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres sprint and the 400 metres hurdles.
Teodoro was born in Guararapes, São Paulo and began competing in senior athletics in 2001. She attended her first Olympics at the 2004 Athens Games as part of the 4×400 metres relay team. However, the team did not reach the final of the event. Teodoro won both the sprint and hurdling 400 m titles at the 2005 national championships and reached the semi-finals of sprint event at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics. She competed at the following World Championships in Osaka, this time in the 400 m hurdles, but did not progress to the finals. At the 2008 Beijing Olympics Teodoro represented Brazil in the 400 m hurdles, and the 4×400 metres relay.
She set a new South American record in the 400 m hurdles with a time of 55.84 seconds in Belém at the Grande Prêmio Brasil Caixa meet in May 2009. Following this, she finished second at the Troféu Brasil Caixa de Atletismo to Luciana França, who challenged Teodoro's record by running a new personal best of 55.90 seconds. In July, she won the gold at the 2009 Lusophony Games.
However, she tested positive for banned substances (Fenproporex) soon after and was provisionally banned from competition and was not selected for the 2009 World Championships in Athletics. After admitting her use of a banned substance, she was suspended from competition for the minimum of two years by the Brazilian Athletics Confederation.
Achievements
Personal bests
All information taken from IAAF profile.
See also
List of doping cases in sport
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Brazilian female sprinters
Brazilian female hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2003 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Doping cases in athletics
Olympic athletes of Brazil
Brazilian sportspeople in doping cases
Pan American Games athletes for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from São Paulo (state)
21st-century Brazilian women
20th-century Brazilian women
Yaylaalan, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The Warrigal I and II were Australian aircraft designed by Squadron Leader Lawrence James Wackett and built by the Experimental Section of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) at Randwick, New South Wales, during the late 1920s. They were both single-engined, two-seat biplanes of mixed wood and metal construction. The Warrigal I was the first aircraft designed and built in Australia to an official RAAF specification.
Development
The Warrigal (an Aboriginal word meaning "wild" or "untamed") I aircraft was designed to meet Air Board specification AC34 for an advanced training aircraft suitable to replace the ageing RAAF Avro 504K fleet. The aircraft was not only required to carry out flight training, but also training in aerial combat, bombing, wireless communication, aerial photography and observation. A mock-up was completed in February 1926 and construction was commenced shortly after. Wackett expected that construction would take around 6 months. However work on the Widgeon II and spare parts for RAAF No. 1 Air Depot delayed completion until mid-September 1928. A further two-month delay ensued when it was discovered that the centre of gravity was not as designed and several items of equipment needed to be relocated to obtain the correct balance.
Wackett made the first flight in the Warrigal I on 4 December 1928 at RAAF Richmond.
A series of extensive trials covering all the intended roles was carried out by No. 1 Flying Training School. These showed that performance was lower than the designer's predicted figures and, while it met many of the requirements in specification AC34, the Warrigal I had handling problems which made it unsuitable for use as a trainer. Wackett was dismissive of the final report on the trials, claiming that the results were qualitative only, lacking a "recognised or rational system of observation or measurement". He claimed that the improved Warrigal II design would resolve issues raised in the report.
The Warrigal II was designed to meet an RAAF specification for an Army co-operation aircraft to replace the aging fleet of DH.9 aircraft, and was equipped with a more powerful (and heavier) Jaguar engine which resulted in a shorter nose to keep the centre of gravity in the correct range. Drawings for the Warrigal II were submitted to the Air Board in August 1929 with the explanation that all defects found in the first aircraft had been rectified and that construction was well underway. This led to questions by the Auditor-General since there was no written authority for the RAAF Experimental Section to commence construction of a second aircraft. However the situation was rectified with the correct authorisation coming from the Minister for Defence in January 1930 by which time the aircraft was almost complete. The closure of the RAAF Experimental Section at Randwick which had been recommended by the Salmond Report was delayed until 30 March 1930 so the aircraft could be completed. The Warrigal II was moved to RAAF Richmond in April 1930 for final assembly and rigging. The first flight was delayed by the requirement to re-check the design stress calculations following the crash of the Widgeon II seaplane which had also been designed by Wackett. The checks were carried out by the Director of Technical Services, Squadron Leader H.C. Harrison and were found to be satisfactory. The first flight of the Warrigal II was carried out by Flying Officer R.H. Simms on 7 July 1930. Shortly after this it suffered a hard landing at Mascot airport and required repairs to the undercarriage and wings.
Operational history
The two Warrigal aircraft had short service careers, which consisted mostly of testing and evaluation trials. The Warrigal I was delivered to RAAF base Point Cook on 29 January 1929 after a seven-hour cross-country flight with stops at Golburn and Cootamundra. On 31 January the aircraft was christened by Mrs. Ettie Williams, the wife of the Chief of Air Staff Richard Williams and handed over to the Commonwealth Air Board for a series of performance, handling and operational tests. Numerous RAAF pilots were invited to test the handling of the aircraft, including Charles Eaton, who described an alarming incident when he was unable to recover from an intentional spin until the last moment possible, almost resulting in the loss of the aircraft.
In September 1929 it suffered from a heavy landing which damaged the undercarriage. Due to the lack of spare parts and the cost of repairs, the Air Board recommended that the aircraft should be written off, the Minister for Defence giving approval for this course of action in November.
The Warrigal II was delivered to No. 1 FTS on 12 September 1930 and within a month it had to be partly dismantled to repair chafing of the wires supporting the wings. Meanwhile, the Warrigal I was stripped of its engine and fittings and the airframe was disposed in a fire in November 1930. It had completed a total flying time of 40 hours and 5 minutes. Flight testing of the Warrigal II commenced in September 1931 and were completed in February 1932 when an inspection revealed that the joint between the front and rear sections of the fuselage had weakened and opened up. Repairs took 6 months but then further problems appeared with the undercarriage in September 1932 so it was decided to mount the aircraft on floats for trials as a seaplane. The results of these trials were positive and it was found that the Warrigal II was capable of handling rougher seas than the smaller Moth seaplanes. By March 1933 after a total flying time of 37 hours and 15 minutes the Warrigal II was unserviceable again and Wing Commander H.F. De La Rue (C.O. of No.1 FTS) recommended its disposal. This was approved by the Minister for Defence in July, and following the removal of the engine and instruments the Warrigal II was donated to Melbourne Technical College for use in the teaching of aircraft design.
Variants
Warrigal I – original version designed as an advanced training aircraft with capacity for pilot and instructor (one produced)
Warrigal II – improved version designed as an army co-operation aircraft with capacity for pilot and observer/rear gunner (one produced)
Operators
Commonwealth Air Board
Royal Australian Air Force
Specifications (Warrigal I)
Notes
References
External links
Photo of Warrigal I from the collection of the Australian War Memorial
Photo of the Warrigal I being christened by Mrs. Ettie Williams at Point Cook on 31 January 1929.
Photo of Warrigal II following a hard landing at Mascot airport on 29 July 1930, from the Hood Collection at the NSW State Library. The caption incorrectly identifies the aircraft as a Percival Warragull.
1920s Australian military trainer aircraft
Dolgiye Borody ( or Long Beards) also known as other names "Valdai" and "Uzhin" is a residence of the President of the Russian Federation and is located in the Novgorod Oblast, 20 kilometers from the city of Valdai, near the village of Dolgiye Borody.
History
The official name of the residence is the "Uzhin Holiday House", named after the lake, on its bank there is a special facility. The neighboring village of Long Beards (population in 2000 - 17 people), by the beginning of the XXI century merged with the village of Roshchino. In 1992, the pioneer camp "Kosmos" and the boarding house "Lazurny bank" that were next to the presidential residence were demolished. By 2000, the territory of the residence occupied 930 hectares.
The construction of the Object 201 (as the official documents called the residence) was started in 1934 for Stalin, who was briefly here only once, in 1939 - but the deafness of this place, hidden in the spruce forests, which was connected with the "mainland" by the only road, confused "The leader of the peoples". In 1940, on the shores of Lake Uzhin, the construction of three buildings was completed: the "Dacha No. 1" and "Dacha No. 2" connected to a single complex, the building for the protection of "Dacha No. 3" is closer to the village of Dolgi Brodi. Architecturally the dachas repeat the Stalin's dacha in Volyn. In August 1948 Andrei Zhdanov died on vacation in the sanatorium of the Central Committee of the CPSU on the territory of the current residence. Here, the wedding of Zhdanov's son Yuri and Stalin's daughter Svetlana Alliluyeva took place. The residence was used as a resting place for Nikita Khrushchev, Nikolai Ryzhkov and other Soviet officials. In the 1980s the residence was expanded and a new complex was built. The first Russian president, Boris Yeltsin also used to rest and fish here. Since 2000 Vladimir Putin has come to the residence.
Now the former sanatorium of the Central Committee of the CPSU is called the Federal State Budgetary Institution of the Administration of Affairs of the President of the Russian Federation "The Holiday House Valdai", designed for 320 seats. In 2007-2010," Dachas No. 1-3 "were reconstructed with the preservation of the historical The Congress Center is built on the territory of the complex. In the main building of the holiday house there is an assembly hall - a cinema, where the events of the Valdai Club were first held (the Valdai International Discussion Club).
References
Houses completed in the 20th century
Buildings and structures in Novgorod Oblast
Official residences in Russia
Official residences in the Soviet Union
The 1989–90 Irish League Cup (known as the Roadferry Freight League Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the fourth edition of Northern Ireland's secondary football knock-out cup competition. It concluded on 19 December 1989 with the final.
Glentoran were the defending champions after defeating arch-rivals Linfield 2–1 in the previous final. This season they went out at the quarter-final stage with a defeat to Portadown. Glenavon were the eventual winners, becoming the fourth different winner of the competition in its first four seasons. They defeated Newry Town 3–1 in the final.
First round
Ballyclare Comrades and Omagh Town both received byes into the second round.
|}
Second round
|}
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Final
References
Lea
1989–90 domestic association football cups
1989–90
Kadalamma () is a 1963 Indian Malayalam-language film directed and produced by Kunchacko and written by Ponkunnam Varkey. The film stars Sathyan, Rajasri, B. S. Saroja and Maya in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan as Neelan
Rajasree as Renuka & Radha
B. S. Saroja as Chirutha
Maya as Karthi
Sankaradi as Kochuvelu
Kottayam Chellappan
Nellikkodu Bhaskaran as Udumbankunju
S. P. Pillai as Ramabhadran
K. S. Gopinath
Bahadoor as Shikar
Mavelikkara Ponnamma as Chithrangatha
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Jayarajan
Adoor Pankajam as Kaliyamma
M. S. Thripunithura
Master Boban as Young Neelan
Baby Vilasini as Young Renuka
Baby Vinodini as young Karthi
Manavalan Joseph as Dumdum
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1963 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Yazır, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
Yazır was formerly thought to be the site of the ancient city of Isinda, which is now placed at the village of Kişla.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
The Jennifer Hudson Show is an American syndicated daytime talk show. Hosted by singer and actress Jennifer Hudson, the series premiered on September 12, 2022.
Background
In November 2021, Deadline reported that Warner Bros. was in discussions with local station groups for a potential new daytime talk show after The Ellen DeGeneres Show ended. Later on, Warner Bros. announced the daytime talk show would launch in the fall of 2022 and would be hosted by Jennifer Hudson; with Fox Television Stations and Hearst Television as its lead carriers.
The Jennifer Hudson Show premiered on September 12, 2022 (which was also Hudson's 41st birthday); notable guests during its first week of shows included Simon Cowell, Mickey Guyton, Hannah Waddingham, and Viola Davis.
Production
The series carries over a number of elements and personnel from The Ellen DeGeneres Show, including its executive producers Mary Connelly, Andy Lassner, and Corey Palent. It is similarly filmed at Stage 1 at Warner Bros. Studios, Burbank, with parts of the existing Ellen set having been reused and/or modified.
Episodes
On the debut episode, Hudson welcomed and reunited its first guest of the show, former American Idol judge, Simon Cowell. On the second episode, Mickey Guyton makes an appearance and was the first artist to performed on the show, with her single: "Somethin' Bout You".
Season One
Reception
Critical reception
In a review of her first week of shows, Daniel D'Addario of Variety felt that the aim of The Jennifer Hudson Show was "vague" in comparison to its competitors (such as The Kelly Clarkson Show) and "[steered] clear not merely of politics or of Hudson's innermost personal life, which would be completely expected, but from any tension or interest as well." It was also felt that Hudson's interviewing style lacked momentum, arguing that "guests often end up steering the conversation more than they usually might, while Hudson praises them for being sharp or funny without following up with questions."
Ratings
Overall
References
External links
2020s American television talk shows
2022 American television series debuts
English-language television shows
Television series by Warner Bros. Television Studios
Television shows filmed in California
Yıldırımelören is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Bernd Karbacher (born 3 April 1968) is a German retired professional tennis player. His highest ATP singles ranking is world No. 22, which he reached on 17 April 1995. His career-high doubles ranking was world No. 163, achieved on 6 June 1994.
During his career, he won two singles titles, Cologne in 1992 and the Swedish Open in Båstad in 1994.
He twice reached the quarterfinals of a Grand Slam tournament. He did so in 1994 at the US Open after defeating Ivan Lendl and at the French Open in 1996 after a win against Goran Ivanišević. He also reached the semifinals of the 1993 Hamburg Masters and reached the finals of Indianapolis in 1995 after defeating Pete Sampras.
At the 1998 US Open, Karbacher, then ranked World No. 155, upset Australian Open champion and fourth seed Petr Korda in the first round in four sets.
He retired from professional tennis in 2000. Since 2007, he has been the president of the German players organization "Tennis Germany".
ATP career finals
Singles: 3 (2 titles, 1 runner-up)
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures Finals
Singles: 2 (1–1)
Doubles: 2 (1–1)
Performance timeline
Singles
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
German male tennis players
Hopman Cup competitors
Tennis players from Munich
West German male tennis players
Thomas Ashby was an English religious dissident who was executed at Tyburn on 29 March 1544.
He was originally included in the process for canonising the English Martyrs, as he had been executed for denying the King's Supremacy. However this was later rejected as there was some doubt that he died as a Catholic. "And the xix. day of March [1544] was draune from the tower unto Tyborne . . . . . Ascheby, that was some tyme the prest and forsoke it, and there was hongyd and qwarterd and there byrryd."
References
Year of birth missing
1544 deaths
People executed at Tyburn
English martyrs
Cheb Tarik (real name Tarik Belgot) is an Algerian musician, now based in Paris, France, and signed to Universal Music Group. His first hit, "Reggae Raï" was a cover, and a tribute to the song "Reggae Night" by Cheb Hasni, a musician assassinated in Oran, Algeria by Islamic fundamentalists.
"Reggae Raï" held a place in the charts for several weeks, exceeded 171,000 in sales and went on to appear in several compilations.
Life
In 2001, Tarik contributed to the compilation Big Men, a blend of raï and reggae. Known for featuring a diversity of musical genres, the album became a hit thanks to the single, "J'ai pas besoin."
Tarik's name was thrown into the limelight, with sales exceeding six million.
He has participated in the song "J'ai vu trop de frères partir" on Album "Du mal a s'confier" by Scred Connexion.
To date, Cheb Tarik has published three albums, and six singles. The albums include:
Rai'tistick
Metisstyle
Option RAÏ
Notes
Living people
Raï musicians
Algerian expatriates in France
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Algerian male singers
21st-century Algerian male singers
Harrison, Illinois may refer to:
Harrison, Jackson County, Illinois, a census-designated place in Jackson County
Harrison, Winnebago County, Illinois, an unincorporated community in Winnebago County
Bill Utterback (1931-2010) was an American illustrator most widely known for his contributions to Playboy and The Second City's theatre in Chicago.
Utterback was born on January 5, 1931 in Arlington Heights, Illinois. Utterback attended the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts in the 1940s, and then The Art Center in Pasadena where he was influenced by teacher Joseph Henninger.
At the invitation of a friend, Utterback joined the design department of Playboy in the mid-sixties.[1] Utterback was asked to illustrate some caricatures for publication after an art director saw a birthday card Utterback had created for a fellow employee. This led to Bill's regular feature in “That Was the Year That Was” each April issue. After leaving Playboy, Utterback worked as a freelance illustrator from his home studio in Lisle, Illinois, servicing clients including The Second City until his death in 2010, and painted official portraits of Illinois Senator Pate Phillips which hung in the Illinois State Capitol building.
In later life, Utterback taught workshops at the DuPage Art League in Wheaton, Illinois, and sculpted a portrait likeness of Pate Phillips which was cast in bronze and unveiled in the DuPage County. Utterback died on February 8, 2010 as a result of pancreatic cancer, at 79 years of age.
References
External links
http://www.askart.com/AskART/artists/search/ArtistKeywords.aspx?artist=11001136
http://www.suntimes.com/news/obituaries/2048362,CST-NWS-xutterback15.article
http://hancockfineart.com/mentors4.html
Artists from Illinois
1931 births
2010 deaths
People from Arlington Heights, Illinois
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
American illustrators
American caricaturists
Swedish Dicks is an American-Swedish comedy web television series created by Peter Stormare, Glenn Lund, Peter Settman, and Andrew Lowery. The plot follows two unlicensed Swedish private investigators trying to make a living in Los Angeles. It premiered on September 2, 2016 via Swedish online streaming service Viaplay. In the United States, the series premiered on the Pop television network on August 9, 2017, as well as being distributed worldwide by American company Lionsgate Television. In October 2016, the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on December 25, 2017 in Northern Europe and premiered in 2018 in the United States.
Premise
A former stuntman, Ingmar Andersson (Peter Stormare), works as a private investigator in Los Angeles. His life crosses paths with struggling DJ Axel Kruse (Johan Glans). After giving up his DJ career, he decides to join Ingmar and becomes a partner of his detective firm "Swedish Dick" (now "Swedish Dicks"). Together, they solve various cases, as well as compete with Ingmar's long-time rival and owner of the best investigating company in Los Angeles, Jane McKinney (Traci Lords). Axel is also trying to discover Ingmar's past and the circumstances of his retirement from stunt performing.
Production
Peter Stormare came up with the concept for Swedish Dicks in 2014. He began writing the script for what was intended to become a one-hour drama. When he showed the script to Peter Settman, he suggested that it would be better as a series. Stormare was inspired by his real-life friends, one ex-military and the other an ex-stuntman, who really did become private investigators.
Casting
The series was announced in November 2015 with Peter Stormare and Johan Glans confirmed for the cast. In March 2016, it was announced that Keanu Reeves and Traci Lords had joined the show. Stormare confirmed he wrote the part of Jane McKinney with Lords in mind: "I had never met her, but whenever I saw her in a photo or anything, I just felt a connection to that face. And then she had written a book that is fantastic, about her survival, and how that girl survived is a miracle. So it was like a voice within me when I was writing, saying, 'You have to get Traci Lords, Traci Lords, Traci Lords.' Like she was channeling me." Lords described Jane as "the kind of woman who likes to play with men and use her femininity. At the same time, she believes that she definitely has the biggest dick in the room."
Cast
Peter Stormare as Ingmar Andersson
Johan Glans as Axel Kruse, Axel Magnus Enström
Vivian Bang as Sun
Felisha Cooper as Sarah Andersson
Keanu Reeves as Tex Johnson
Traci Lords as Jane McKinney
Stephanie Koenig as Eve
Episodes
Season 1 (2016)
Season 2 (2017)
Broadcast
The first two episodes of Swedish Dicks premiered on September 2, 2016 via Swedish online streaming service Viaplay. Later that month, it was announced that the series had been picked up by American network Lionsgate TV to be distributed worldwide, and premiered in the United States on the Pop television network on August 9, 2017. In October 2016, the series was renewed for a second season. It aired in December 2017 in Northern Europe and January 2018 in the United States.
Reception
Swedish Dicks received mixed reviews from critics. Karolina Fjellborg of Aftonbladet wrote: "Initially, I felt a concern that this series would be more silly than funny, but soon I realized that it is actually both - and it works." Pål Nisja Wilhelmsen of SIDE3 found the first episode "shockingly weak" but pointed out that "the two leading roles have a good chemistry, and the script gives them room for friendly banter". He added that the series is "entertaining enough, but is probably no classic." Roger Wilson of Sveriges Radio wrote that Swedish Dicks is "one of those strange Swedish productions, where you think you do not need any act or joke if you just set it the United States and add guest appearances by Traci Lords and Keanu Reeves. It gets a little better when Traci Lords is in order, she can at least understand that she is part of a slapstick series." Steve Greene of IndieWire wrote: "Yet, “Swedish Dicks” still has one ray of hope in the form of Keanu Reeves. Though he only appears for the briefest of moments, his presence and giddy deliveries of southern twang pep talks are at that ideal intersection between heightened genre riffing and a dash of needed pathos. As the spectral memory of Ingmar's deceased stuntman partner Tex, Reeves is the kind of anchoring force that the rest of the scenes without him are in search of."
References
External links
2016 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
2010s American comedy television series
2010s American crime television series
Swedish comedy television series
Swedish crime television series
Television series by Lionsgate Television
Television shows filmed in Los Angeles
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Capel Als is an Independent (Congregational) chapel in Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, Wales, It is regarded as one of the most significant religious buildings in Wales. Folk tradition suggested that the name refers to a woman named Als, which along with Alys is the Welsh equivalent of the English name Alice, whose cottage stood where the chapel was built. Another theory contends that the Welsh word als translates as rock, and there is a rock-face behind the chapel. However, there is no word "als" in Welsh meaning rock, and so this latter explanation may be safely disregarded.
It is a Grade II-listed building but many believe it should be accorded more significant status.
Early history
The first building at Capel Als, dating from 1780, is said to have been "very simple and basic" and was extended in 1797. At the time, Llanelli was in the early stages of industrial development as a result of the expansion of the coal, iron and copper industries. The mother church of Capel Als was at Llanedi and it was Evan Davies, minister at Llanedi from 1775 who instigated the formation of churches at Cross Inn (later known as Ammanford), Kidwelly and Pembrey, as well as Llanelli.
The ministry of David Rees, 1829-69
The first recorded minister was David Rees, a celebrated preacher, publisher and agitator. David Rees arrived in Llanelli in 1829 and inherited a congregation of 250. By 1832, this had grown to 446 and Rees had embarked on replacing the 1797 structure with a much larger building. During the first half of his ministry, Rees was instrumental in establishing several new chapels including Park Church (1839), Siloah (1841) and Capel-y-Bryn (1841). Notwisthstanding the transfer of several hundred members to the new churches, membership at Capel Als stood at 580 in 1850.
The chapel was rebuilt and enlarged in 1852 under the supervision of the architect Thomas Thomas of Landore, Swansea. Thomas subsequently used the Capel Als design at Independent chapels at Pontypool in the following year and seven years later in his home chapel in Llandeilo.
Rees had a remarkable career as publisher of the radical journal, Y Diwygiwr (The Reformer) and as a pioneer in the provision of education. He was firmly opposed to the established church and conducted a long running feud with the rector of Llanelli, Ebenezer Morris.
When he died in 1869, the membership at Capel Als stood at over 800.
The ministry of Thomas Johns, 1869–1914
The minister from 1869 until 1914 was Thomas Johns, a leading figure in Welsh nonconformity,
Johns received a unanimous invitation in 1869 to succeed David Rees as pastor of Capel Als. The invitation was accepted, and Johns remained at Capel Als until his death.
A new schoolroom was built early in his pastorate, and in 1875 a group of members is released to form a new church at Tabernacle, towards the cost of which Capel Als contributed a significant sum. Several hundred members transferred from Capel Als to the new church at Tabernacle, and it was hoped that this would ease the over-crowding at Capel Als, which suffered from poor ventilation and was uncomfortable especially when the chapel was full as it was for the Sunday evening service every week.
The solution was to build a new chapel. Some members wanted to demolish the chapel but old members resisted tstrongly. Therefore a compromise was reached and the new building maintained many features of the David Rees chapel but it was greatly extended. The work was completed in 1894 by Owen Morris Roberts.
Later history
D.J. Davies became minister at Capel All in 1916 and remained or forty two years until his retirement in 1958. During this period, membership peaked at 1,007 in 1935. He was succeeded by Iorwerth Jones who published a biography of David Rees during his ministry. Maurice Loader was minister from 1975 until 1994.
References
Sources
External links
BBC programme Hidden Histories
Coflein entry
Chapels in Carmarthenshire
Churches in Llanelli
Llanelli, Als
Henry Holland "Jumbo" Vassall (23 March 1887 – 8 October 1949) was an English rugby union player, best known as a centre for Oxford University in the first decade of the twentieth century. In 1908 Vassall played a single international rugby game for England and that same year for the Anglo-Welsh team on their tour of Australia and New Zealand.
Notes
1887 births
1949 deaths
English rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Barbarian F.C. players
Oxford University RFC players
England international rugby union players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from England
People educated at Bedford School
Rugby union players from Devon
The Kundalika is a small river flowing from the hills of Sahyadri to the Arabian Sea. This river originates at a small town called Bhira in the Indian state of Maharashtra, 150 km south east of Bombay (Mumbai). The important towns located on the banks of Kundalika are Kolad, Korlai, Chaul, Roha and Salav.
Details
River Kundalika is fed by the excess water from Tata Power's Mulshi Dam Project on to a series of hydroelectric projects and dams, including Ravalje followed by Bhira and then Dholvan, where the water is released in the morning typically at 6am. The gush of the water reaches Sutarwadi at 7:30am and water rises at Kolad at 10:00am.
A historical trade route called Savalya Ghat descends in Kundalika Valley from Tamhini Ghat Road. Beautifully carved staircases exist at some places, and there are two small water cisterns. This river was a means of trade in ancient times. There are many forts on the hills along the river, including Surgad, Avchitgad, Birwadi fort, Korlai fort and Revdanda.
On the bank of River Kundalika are many retreats and farm houses with mango and watermelon as the chief fruit product, and rice and nachni as the chief farm produce. The soil is very rich in minerals and water is ample via canals fed from River Kundalika's clean water.
Over 90% of Kundalika's water is consumed by industries, including RCF's THAL Project and many MIDC all across. This unfortunately has resulted in pollution, especially dues to Roha's chemical industries releasing a lot of effluents (chemical waste) in the river. On the cards are to use 9000 Quesecs of water by the upcoming Reliance and Essar's new projects in the Villa MIDC. This could kill the rafting besides considerably reducing the river's downstream water levels at Kolad. The river will die a little more and become more placid and shallower.
The Kundalika's water is beginning to get affected and "Save Kundalika Project" is being undertaken by "EcoMantra Nature Awareness and Travel", a local sustainable and community tourism organisation that runs a unique eco camp on its bank at Kolad.
Adventure lovers have found a unique way of enjoying the release of the dam water. Capitalising on the location near Mumbai, with its virtually unending source of adventure lovers, rafting is conducted on the river using the rapids generated by the rushing water released from the dam. Rafting of grade II and III can also be experienced over a 14 km circuit and can be enjoyed all day in the monsoon, or to coincide with the timing of the release of water from the dam during other times of the year. Rafting here is sometimes unavailable in the peak of summer, when the water becomes scarce.
Bhira Hydroelectric Project
The Planning Commission has given investment clearance for the scheme "Upper Kundlika Project (Revised Medium) in Maharashtra". The project is estimated to cost Rs 154.916 crore (2009-10 price level). The plant's maximum output capacity is nominally 300 MW, generated by six 25 MW Pelton turbines and a 150 MW pumped storage generator added in 1997. In 2014 two 10 kW microturbine units were added to generate further power from the tailrace after the main turbines.
Devkund Waterfall
Devkund Waterfall is a waterfall located near Bhira, in Raigad district. The waterfall is a type of 'plunge' waterfall in nature pouring in massive amounts of water on the rocky surface underneath of Kundalika river. Devkund Waterfall is a popular spot for one day picnics.
References
External links
Rafting on Kundalika from ecomantra.com
Overnight camping site near Kundalika river
Kundalika river rafting from nsbrotherfarm.com
Pioneers of Kundalika Rafting kundalikarafting.org
Rivers of Maharashtra
Geography of Raigad district
Rivers of India
is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays pitcher for the Saitama Seibu Lions. He previously played in NPB for the Yomiuri Giants and Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters.
Professional career
Yomiuri Giants
On October 25, 2012, Kumon was drafted by the Yomiuri Giants in the 2012 Nippon Professional Baseball draft.
On September 25, 2013, he made his debut as a relief pitcher in the Central League against the Tokyo Yakult Swallows.
In 2013 - 2016 season, Kumon pitched 15 games in the Central League.
Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters
On November 2, 2016, Kumon and Taishi Ohta was traded to the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters in exchange for Mitsuo Yoshikawa and Shingo Ishikawa.
In 2017 season, he finished the regular season with a 41 Games pitched, a 3–0 Win–loss record, a 2.70 ERA, a 3 Holds, a 33 strikeouts in 36.2 innings.
In 2018 season, he finished the regular season with a 57 Games pitched, a 2–0 Win–loss record, a 2.17 ERA, a 11 Holds, a 52 strikeouts in 54.0 innings.
On August 29, 2019, Kumon broke the NPB record for undefeated pitchers in 165 games. In 2019 season, he finished the regular season with a 61 Games pitched, a 2–0 Win–loss record, a 3.96 ERA, a 17 Holds, a one Save, a 31 strikeouts in 52.1 innings.
In 2020 season, he finished the regular season with a 29 Games pitched, a 0–2 Win–loss record, a 7.88 ERA, a 8 Holds, a one Save, a 19 strikeouts in 24.0 innings.
Saitama Seibu Lions
On August 12, 2021, Kumon and Shota Hiranuma was traded to the Saitama Seibu Lions in exchange for Fumikazu Kimura and Ryusei Satoh.
References
External links
Career statistics - NPB.jp
1992 births
Living people
Baseball people from Kōchi Prefecture
Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters players
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Saitama Seibu Lions players
Yomiuri Giants players
Aaron J. Klein (1960 - July 7, 2016) was an Israeli author and journalist. He previously served as Time magazine's military and intelligence affairs correspondent in the Jerusalem Bureau.
The recipient of 2002 Henry Luce Award, Aaron J. Klein, an M.A. in history from Hebrew University, has taught journalism at the college and university level in Israel.
His book Striking Back: The 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre and Israel's Deadly Response (2005) was translated into a dozen languages and published in more than twenty countries. Among the exclusive information Klein presented was the successful Mossad plot to kill leading Palestinian militant Wadie Haddad in 1978 by poisoning him via a manipulated box of Belgian chocolates.
In 2014, Klein's book Master of Operations — a biography of Mossad agent Mike Harari — was published in Israel.
Klein died of cancer on July 7, 2016.
References
Israeli journalists
1960 births
2016 deaths
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
Descinolone acetonide (developmental code name CL-27071), also known as desoxytriamcinolone acetonide, is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Acetonides
Cyclohexanols
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Diketones
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Enones
Mount Randall () is a mountain rising to 3,000 m at the south end of Hackerman Ridge in the Victory Mountains, Victoria Land. The mountain, which forms the summit area in this part of the ridge, is 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) west of Mount Riddolls and 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) northeast of Mount Burrill, with which this name is associated. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1994 after Richard R. Randall, geographer and cartographer, Executive Secretary, U.S. Board on Geographic Names, 1973–93, whose office included responsibility for geographic nomenclature in Antarctica. Succeeding Meredith F. Burrill (after whom Mount Burrill was named) as Executive Secretary, Randall combined with Burrill to direct a half-century of American geographic names research.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Josef Herman (3 January 1911 – 19 February 2000), was a highly regarded Polish-British painter who influenced contemporary art, particularly in the United Kingdom. His work often depicted workers as its subject and was inherently political. He was among more than a generation of eastern European Jewish artists who emigrated to escape persecution and worked abroad. For eleven years he lived in Ystradgynlais, a mining community in South Wales.
Biography
Herman was born in Warsaw into a Polish-Jewish family, on 3 January 1911. He attended the Warsaw School of Art, where he trained as a typesetter and graphic designer and then for two years worked briefly as a graphic artist. In 1938 at the age of 27, Herman left Poland for Brussels. He was introduced to many of the prominent artists then working in the city. After the beginning of World War II and the German invasion of Belgium, he escaped to France and then to Great Britain.
He first lived in Glasgow, where he met fellow artist Jankel Adler and between 1940 and 1943 he contributed to a remarkable wartime artistic renaissance in the city. He then moved to London, where he met numerous other European émigrés, such as the Hungarian Michael Peto, with whom he became friends. When Peto decided to go into photography after the war, Herman encouraged him in his new endeavour and supported his progress as a photojournalist. In 1942 Herman learned through the Red Cross that his entire family had perished in the Warsaw Ghetto.
In 1943 he held his first London exhibition with L. S. Lowry. Herman's own style was bold and distinctive, involving strong shapes with minimal detail. He continued to work up to his death in 2000.
Herman studied working people as the subjects of his art, including grape pickers, fishermen and, most notably, coal miners. The latter became a particular interest for Herman during the eleven years that he lived in Ystradgynlais, a mining community in South Wales, beginning in 1944. He became part of the community, where he was fondly nicknamed "Joe Bach" (Little Joe). Among his creative collaborators and friends in Wales was the artist Will Roberts, who lived in Neath. Herman is quoted as saying: "I stayed here because I found ALL I required. I arrived a stranger for a fortnight. The fortnight became eleven years."
When commissioned in 1951 to paint a mural for the Festival of Britain, Herman took coal miners as his subject. His work Miners (1951) showed six men resting above ground after their work. Herman said, "I think it is one of my key pictures and the most important one I did in Wales." The mural is held in the permanent collection of the Glynn Vivian Art Gallery, affiliated with the Swansea Museum.
Some of Herman's work was collected by the Davies sisters, British art patrons and collectors in Wales, as part of their 20th-century holdings. They bequeathed their joint collection of 260 works, particularly strong in Impressionist and post-Impressionist paintings and sculptures, to the National Museum Wales in the mid-20th century, greatly expanding its range.
Leaving Wales in 1955 because his health was affected by the damp climate, Herman lived briefly in Spain and then in London. All the same, he was awarded the Gold Medal for Fine Art at the 1962 National Eisteddfod of Wales.
In 1955 Herman moved to Suffolk with his partner, Nini Ettlinger, whom he married in 1961. The death of their young daughter prompted them to move away and from 1972 Herman lived in the house in West London where he died in February 2000.
In 1981 Herman was awarded an OBE for services to British Art and was elected to the Royal Academy of Arts in 1990.
Legacy and honours
2004, the Josef Herman Foundation was established in Ystradgynlais, to honour the artist and his legacy, and encourage study of his work, as well as arts initiatives in South Wales.
2010, Michael Waters' play, The Secret of Belonging, about Josef Herman and his years in Ystradgynlais, was produced by the National Theatre Wales. The play included a contemporary folk-influenced score by Swansea musician and composer Andy Jones, and it was performed by the Antic Theatre. They first performed at Swansea, then took the play on a tour of South Wales during April/May 2010.
Bibliography
Herman, J. (2002) Related Twilights: Notes from an Artist's Diary. Seren, Bridgend
Bohm-Duchen, M. (2009) The Art and Life of Josef Herman. Lund Humpries, Surrey.
Heller, R. (1998) Josef Herman: The work is the Life. Momentum, London.
Herman, N. (1996) Josef Hermann: A Working Life. Quartet Books.
Herman, J. (1988) Note From A Welsh Diary. Free Association Books, London.
Herman, J. (1975) Related Twilights: Notes from an Artist's Diary. Robson, London.
Selected exhibitions
2014–15 Refiguring the 50s: Joan Eardley, Sheila Fell, Eva Frankfurter, Josef Herman and L.S. Lowry, Ben Uri Gallery, London
2009 Josef Herman: The Art & Life, Flowers Central, London
2000 The Work is the Life, Flowers East, London
1994 Related Twilights, Fifty years of Drawing and Painting (1944 – 94), Angela Flowers Gallery, London
1989 Retrospective Exhibition, National Museum of Wales, Cardiff
1989 Recent works 1984–89 and Homage to the Women of Greenham Common, Angela Flowers Gallery, London
1980 4th retrospective exhibition, Camden Arts Centre, London
1975 3rd retrospective exhibition, Glasgow
1957 Recent works, Roland, Browse and Delbanco.
1956 2nd retrospective exhibition, Whitechapel Art Gallery, London Drawings,
1955 1st retrospective exhibition, Wakefield City Art Gallery
1954 Geffrye Museum, London, exhibition with Henry Moore
1949 Ben Uri Gallery, London, exhibition with Martin Bloch
1943 1st solo exhibition in London, Reid Gallery, London
1943 Lefevre, London, exhibition with L.S. Lowry
1932 1st exhibition in Warsaw
References
Further reading
Roese, Herbert E. (2007), Josef Herman's influence on other painters, David Jones Journal Vol.VI No.1&2, pp. 138–145
MacDougall, Sarah, (2014), Refiguring the 50s : Joan Eardley, Sheila Fell, Eva Frankfurther, Josef Herman, L S Lowry, Ben Uri Gallery and Museum
External links
Herman's work is held in many major public and private art collections.
14 artworks by Josef Herman at the Ben Uri site
The Tate Gallery in London has an extensive collection of Herman's paintings and drawings. Many are not on permanent display, but they may be seen online at: The Tate Gallery.
A smaller collection is held by the National Museum of Wales.
Josef Herman (1911-2000) at boundarygallery.com
1911 births
2000 deaths
Jewish painters
20th-century Polish Jews
Welsh Eisteddfod Gold Medal winners
20th-century Polish painters
20th-century Polish male artists
Royal Academicians
Polish emigrants to the United Kingdom
Polish male painters
Luna is a Bantu language of eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. Assigned by Guthrie to a group called Songe (L.20), it is presumably one of the Luban languages established by Ahmed (1995), like most of the other Songe languages, though it was not specifically addressed. Ruhlen (1987) agrees in placing it with the Luban languages.
References
Luban languages
Languages of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
is a railway station in the city of Katagami, Akita Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Kamifutada Station is a station of the Oga Line and is located 8.3 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Oiwake Station and 21.3 kilometers from
Station layout
The station has a single island platform, connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Futada Station opened on November 26, 1956 as a station on the Japan National Railway (JNR), serving the village of Tennō, Akita. With the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987, the station has been managed by JR East.
Surrounding area
Katagami City Hall
Michi-no-eki Tennō
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1956
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Oga Line
Katagami, Akita
Giandomenico De Marchis (24 October 1893 – 13 July 1967) was an Italian sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1893 births
1967 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from the Province of Alessandria
Iprocrolol is a beta blocker that was never marketed.
References
Beta blockers
Abandoned drugs
Benzofuran ethers at the benzene ring]
N-isopropyl-phenoxypropanolamines
Furanochromones
3-Hydroxypropenals
Pyrogallol ethers
Something Good may refer to:
Something Good (album), a 2002 album by Catherine Porter
"Something Good" (Paul Haig song), 1989
"Something Good" (Bic Runga song), 2002
"Something Good" (Utah Saints song), 1992
"Something Good" (alt-J song), 2012
"Something Good" (Richard Rodgers song), 1965, a song from the film The Sound of Music
"Something Good", by Estelle from True Romance
Something Good – Negro Kiss, 1898 short film
See also
"I'm into Something Good", a 1964 song by Herman's Hermits
The Jean-Paul Sartre Experience is an EP by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience released in 1986.
Track listing
Quit Side
Fish In The Sea - 03:27
Own Two Feet - 03:17
Walking Wild In Your Firetime - 03:10
Rock Music Side
Flex - 02:55
Loving Grapevine - 02:55
Personnel
Dave Yetton (guitar, vocals, bass, xylophone)
David Mulcahy (guitar, bass, vocals)
Gary Sullivan (drums)
Jim Laing (guitar, vocals)
References
Jean-Paul Sartre Experience albums
Flying Nun Records albums
Jan Šimbera (born 3 November 1951) is a Czech former professional tennis player who competed for Czechoslovakia during the 1970s. He has served as team captain of the Czech Republic Fed Cup team, which included an appearance in the semi-finals in 2000.
Šimbera won the Scandinavian Championships in 1975 and qualified for two grand slam singles main draws during his career. He debuted at the 1977 French Open, where he lost his first round match to Pavel Huťka in five sets. At the 1978 Wimbledon Championships he beat former quarter-finalist Charlie Pasarell during his qualifying run, then won his first round match over Andrew Jarrett.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Czechoslovak male tennis players
Czech male tennis players
Gasha (; , Gaşa) is a rural locality (a selo) in Alkhadzhakentsky Selsoviet, Kayakentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 54 as of 2010.
Geography
Gasha is located 27 km southwest of Novokayakent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Alkhadzhakent and Mamaaul are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Kumyks live there.
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Vrabel, Vrábel, Vrábeľ, or Vrabelj is a surname. It means "sparrow" in some dialects of Czech, Slovak, Slovene, and related languages. It is cognate with the Polish surname Wróbel.
Notable people with the surname include:
Jaroslav Vrábel (born 1971), Czech footballer
Martin Vrábeľ (born 1955), Czech long-distance runner
Mike Vrabel (born 1975), American football coach
Ondrej Vrábel (philanthropist) (born 2001), is a Slovak philanthropist, programmer and entrepreneur
Ondrej Vrábel (footballer) (born 1999), Slovak footballer
Tanja Vrabel (born 1990), Slovenian footballer
See also
Czech-language surnames
Slovak-language surnames
Slovene-language surnames
Eustephia is a genus of South American plants in the Amaryllis family. All 6 known species are native to Peru, with the range of one species extending also into Bolivia.
Species
formerly included
Several names have been coined using the name Eustephia but referring to species now considered better suited to other genera (Hieronymiella or Phycella). Here are links to help you find appropriate information
References
Amaryllidaceae genera
Flora of South America
Old Navy is an American clothing and accessories retailing company owned by multinational corporation Gap Inc. It has corporate operations in the Mission Bay neighborhood of San Francisco, California. The largest of the Old Navy stores are its flagship stores, located in New York City, Seattle, Chicago, San Francisco, Manila, and Mexico City.
History
In the early 1990s, Dayton-Hudson Corporation (then the parent company of Target, Mervyn's, Dayton's, Hudson's, and Marshall Field's) looked to establish a new division branded as a less expensive version of Gap called Everyday Hero; Gap's then-CEO Millard Drexler responded by opening Gap Warehouse in existing Gap outlet locations in 1993.
On March 11, 1994, Gap Warehouse was renamed Old Navy Clothing Co. in order to establish a separate image from its parent company Gap Inc. The name was conceived after the original proposed names, Monorail and Forklift, were disliked by Drexler, and decided upon the new name after seeing a building with the two words on it during a visit to Paris. The new stores were about , compared to less than for Gap Warehouse stores. On March 11, 1994, the first Old Navy locations opened in the northern California towns of Colma, San Leandro and Pittsburg. According to Kevin Lonergan, Gap's director of stores, Old Navy stores were intentionally designed like grocery stores, with flowing aisles, shopping carts, and small impulse items near the checkout counters. The cement floor, metal shelving, and checkout counters built from polished pressed board and galvanized metal gave the stores an industrial warehouse feel, while the colorful arrangements and large number of employees working set it apart from other discount clothing stores. Later that year, 42 other Old Navy stores opened, and most of the 45 Gap Warehouse stores were renamed Old Navy.
Old Navy had campy television ads featuring Carrie Donovan, Morgan Fairchild, and the mascot Magic, the dog.
The Old Navy division grew quickly; in 1997, it became the first retailer to pass $1 billion in its first four years in business, and opened 500 stores by 2000. In 2001, Old Navy began its international expansion with the opening of 12 stores in Ontario, Canada.
The brand also experimented, opening a coffee shop inside one location in San Francisco in December 1995, and opening an Old Navy Kids location in Littleton, Colorado, in April 1997. This in turn did not work out for the company, and was terminated the following September.
In 2005, Old Navy's then-president Dawn Robertson looked to address the competition she saw in Hollister Co. and American Eagle Outfitters by rebranding the division with a "high fashion feel". In addition to a new logo, several locations were built or remodeled to reflect the "New Old Navy"; one such location in St. Petersburg, Florida cost roughly $5 million to develop. Unlike the traditional industrial warehouse style most Old Navy locations possess, the new stores were boutique in nature, featuring green building materials, rock gardens, large murals, and posters, as well as many mirrored and silver accents. Also, advertisements began to be created in-house, and substituted the original kitschy and humorous feel for a high fashion and feminine directive. These stores proved to be a disappointing investment and Robertson was asked to leave the company.
In 2011, Old Navy began a second rebranding to emphasize a family-oriented environment, known as Project ONE. It targets Old Navy's target customer (the fictional "Jenny", a married mother of at least one child) and features better lighting, vibrant colors, layouts that make shopping easier, quick-change stations, and a more efficient cash wrap design. By July 12, 2011, one third of the company's North American locations had adopted the redesign.
In 2012, after several years of Old Navy losing sales to rival retailer H&M, Gap Inc. hired H&M executive Stefan Larsson to run its Old Navy division. Larsson instituted a number of changes, including hiring designers away from Coach, Nike, Reebok, and North Face to design exclusive Old Navy clothing. By 2015, Old Navy's yearly sales had reached $6 billion per year in the United States, almost equaling those of Gap Inc.'s Gap and Banana Republic divisions combined. Larsson left the company to join Ralph Lauren in 2015 and was replaced by current President and CEO, Sonia Syngal.
On October 26, 2017, Old Navy opened two new flagship stores (one in Times Square). The Times Square flagship caters to New York City crowds with extended store hours and significantly more retail space than the average Old Navy location.
On April 23, 2018, a customer, Saudia Scott filed a multi-million dollar lawsuit against Old Navy and its parent company Gap Inc. The lawsuit states that on July 25, 2016, Old Navy manager Megan Yost watched and assisted Scott with her purchases at the Old Navy store located in Abingdon, Harford County, Maryland. As Scott walked to her car, two police officers followed, detained and returned Scott to inside the store after Yost falsely accused Ms. Scott of theft and shoplifting. Manager Yost was terminated almost immediately as a result. A jury trial is scheduled for June, 2023.
In 2019, Gap Inc. announced that Old Navy will exit China in 2020.
On February 28, 2019, Gap Inc., announced that Old Navy and Gap Inc. would split into two companies, making Old Navy an independent company from Gap Inc. The move was designed to enable the consolidation of the company's older brands, like GAP and Banana, with its newer Athleta and Hill City. This decision was reversed on January 16, 2020, when Gap Inc. announced that the separation had been aborted.
On March 5, 2020, Gap Inc. announced it was temporarily closing its New York City offices until further notice after one of the retailer's employees was confirmed to have tested positive for COVID-19.
Awards
In 2013, Gap Inc. ranked 5th among specialty retailers in the list of World's Most Admired.
Members of Business for Innovative Climate and Energy Policy (BICEP)
Named to FORTUNE's Great Place to Work list in 2016, 2017 and 2018
References
External links
Gap Inc.—parent company website
Flagship Store Virtual Tour
Gap brands
Clothing brands of the United States
Fashion accessory brands
Underwear brands
Retail companies based in California
Companies based in San Francisco
American companies established in 1994
Clothing companies established in 1994
Retail companies established in 1994
1994 establishments in California
1990s fashion
2000s fashion
Cabo San Antonio Lighthouse is a Cuban lighthouse located in Sandino, a municipality of Pinar del Río Province. It lies in Cape San Antonio, on Guanahacabibes Peninsula, the westernmost point of Cuba.
See also
List of lighthouses in Cuba
Punta Maisí Lighthouse, the easternmost in Cuba
References
External links
Pictures of Cabo San Antonio Lighthouse
Lighthouses in Cuba
Buildings and structures in Pinar del Río Province
Lighthouse Cabo San Antonio
Lighthouses completed in 1850
The 13th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 13 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, Central America, the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 12 hours, 53 minutes during the summer solstice and 11 hours, 22 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 13° north passes through:
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders"
! scope="col" | Co-ordinates
! scope="col" | Country, territory or sea
! scope="col" | Notes
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| For about 14 km
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Lake Chad
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing through territorial waters of
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Red Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-valign="top"
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Indian Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Gulf of Aden Arabian Sea
|-valign="top"
|
! scope="row" |
| Karnataka - passing through Bangalore Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu - passing through the southern parts of Chennai
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Indian Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Bay of Bengal - passing just north of Interview Island,
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Andaman and Nicobar Islands - North Andaman Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Indian Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Andaman Sea
|-
|
! scope="row" | (Burma)
| Island of Mali Kyun
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Indian Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Andaman Sea
|-
|
! scope="row" | (Burma)
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Phetchaburi province
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Bay of Bangkok
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Passing just north of Pattaya
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Passing through Tonlé Sap lake
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | South China Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Island of Mindoro
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Tablas Strait
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just north of Maestro de Campo Island,
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Sibuyan Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just north of Banton Island,
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Island of Burias
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Burias Pass
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Island of Luzon
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Pacific Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just south of
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Passing through the Cosigüina volcano
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Pacific Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Gulf of Fonseca
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Extreme south of the country
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Caribbean Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Island of Bequia
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Atlantic Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just south of
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|}
See also
12th parallel north
14th parallel north
References
n13
Bartoszów (German: Barschdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately north-west of Legnickie Pole, south-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Zachary Adam Whedon (born August 14, 1979) is an American screenwriter, film director, and comic book writer.
Early life
Whedon is from a family of writers: he is the son of screenwriter Tom Whedon, grandson of screenwriter John Whedon, and the brother of screenwriter/musician Jed Whedon and producer/director/writer Joss Whedon.
He graduated in 2002 with a film degree from Wesleyan University where he served as president of the Eclectic Society.
Career
His first professional work in television was as a production assistant on his brother Joss' series Angel.
Whedon joined the crew of the HBO western drama Deadwood as an assistant to executive producer David Milch for the first season in 2004. The series was created by Milch and focused on a growing town in the American West. Whedon returned as Milch's assistant for the second season in 2005. He also became a writer for the third and final season in 2006 when he co-wrote the episode "Amateur Night" with writer's assistant Nick Towne. Whedon and the writing staff were nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Outstanding Drama Series at the February 2007 ceremony for their work on the third season.
He also wrote and acted in an episode of Milch's next series John from Cincinnati.
Alongside his brothers Joss and Jed, he co-created and co-wrote the parody musical Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog. He has worked on the FOX science-fiction series Fringe and the AMC drama Rubicon.
In Jan 2014, Dark Horse Comics released Serenity: Leaves on the Wind, a six-issue comic book series written by Whedon with art by Georges Jeanty that continues the story of brother Joss's cult television show Firefly, and its subsequent film adaptation Serenity. The comic is also executive produced by Joss Whedon and continues the story roughly 39 weeks after the events of the film. He is also a producer of the SundanceTV drama The Red Road and the AMC drama Halt and Catch Fire.
Personal life
In 2012, Whedon married screenwriter and playwright Eliza Clark. The two met while writing for the TV series Rubicon.
Filmography
Film
Director
Come and Find Me (2016)
Writer
Come and Find Me (2016)
Television
Writer
References
External links
Wesleyan University alumni
Living people
1979 births
American television writers
American male television writers
American comics writers
Place of birth missing (living people)
American screenwriters
American film directors
Hugo Award-winning writers
Whedon family
The Prineville Reservoir is in the high desert hills of Central Oregon, Oregon, United States. The reservoir is on the Crooked River southeast of Prineville, and east of Bend. This reservoir is a popular retreat for most of Central Oregon. It is near the geographic center of Oregon. Prineville Reservoir State Park is managed by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.
Prineville Reservoir was created by damming, via the Arthur R. Bowman Dam, the Crooked River upstream from Prineville. The reservoir is part of the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation's Crooked River Project, flooding a juniper- and sagebrush-filled canyon, and was finished in 1961. The dam and reservoir are owned by the Bureau of Reclamation, and operated under contract by Ochoco Irrigation District. Prineville Reservoir covers of the Crooked River and is primarily an irrigation storage water body, with secondary objectives of Crooked River flood control and public recreation. Prineville Reservoir has a maximum depth of and storage of just over of water.
The northeast end of Prineville Reservoir is a designated wildlife management area; these of both land and water provide a refuge for wildlife.
Fishing
Fishing can be quite good with rainbow trout, cutthroat trout, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, catfish, crappie, and crayfish. The trout fishing experience is year-round, with ice fishing in winter.
Boating
There is no speed limit on the lake and so boating of all kinds is very popular. Water skiing, wakeboarding and tubing are some of the most common sports and about half of the boats on the lake are there for this purpose. There is a marina with a boat ramp.
Camping
There are two state parks that allow camping, Prineville Reservoir State Park, and Jasper State Recreation Site. Both have facilities and offer RV hookups. There is also a privately owned resort that rents cabins, offers campsites (with hookups), maintains a boat ramp and marina, and also owns a general store and restaurant.
Wildlife
Prineville Reservoir is a popular place to see waterfowl, shorebirds, and birds of prey in one setting. Spring and fall migrations bring common loon, while in summer blue-winged teal, cinnamon teal, spotted sandpiper, American avocet, and black-necked stilt. Also seen is the bald eagle, golden eagle, osprey, prairie falcon, and red-tailed hawk, black-throated gray warbler, pinyon jay, and ash-throated flycatcher. Willow shrubbery may hold orange-crowned warbler and gray catbird.
Non-avian wildlife in the area include bats, black bear, coyotes, red fox, gray fox, bobcat, lynx, mountain lion, mule deer, elk, black tailed deer, pronghorn, badger, striped skunk, spotted skunk, porcupine, rockchuck, rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, raccoons, snakes, and other assorted small mammals, reptiles, and amphibians.
Astronomy
In 2021, Prineville Reservoir State Park was announced as an IDA Dark Sky Place, the first in Oregon. The group that uses this state park for parties or activities is the Oregon Observatory, which hosts their annual star party at the day use area.
See also
List of lakes in Oregon
References
http://www.oregonstateparks.org/park_34.php
http://www.wanderthewest.com/articles/63/
http://www.fs.fed.us/r6/centraloregon/wildlife/sites/28-prinevillereservoir.shtml
http://www.fs.fed.us/r6/centraloregon/wildlife/species/mammals/index.shtml
http://www.lakelubbers.com/viewlake.cfm?lake=176
External links
Reservoirs in Oregon
Lakes of Crook County, Oregon
Parks in Crook County, Oregon
State parks of Oregon
Buildings and structures in Crook County, Oregon
1961 establishments in Oregon
Lorcha () or L'Orxa () is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Municipalities in the Province of Alicante
Nebo ( Nəḇō; also Nabo, Nebai, Nobai) is a town name mentioned in several passages of the Hebrew Bible (or Old Testament of Christianity). It is used for two towns, one in the territory assigned in the Bible to the Tribe of Reuben, and another in that of the Tribe of Judah.
The Reubenite Nebo is mentioned in , and is mentioned between Sibmah and Beon, the latter being an abbreviation of Baal-meon. In the same chapter, verse 38, it is again mentioned between Cariathaim and Baal-meon, and it is found associated with the same names on the Mesha Stele (line 14). These and other indications show that the town was situated in the vicinity of Mount Nebo, but the precise location cannot be determined. It belonged to the rich pasture lands which the tribes of Reuben and Gad asked of Moses in the distribution of the territory (Numbers 32). The town had reverted to the Moabites at the time when Isaiah prophesied against it (Isaiah 15:2; cf. Jeremiah 48:1, 22). The Mesha Stele (lines 14-18) boasts of having taken it from the Israelites. According to Saint Jerome, the sanctuary of the idol Chemosh was in Nebo.
See also
Isaiah 15
References
Torah cities
Tribe of Reuben
Karabük, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The 2012 KPL Top 8 Cup was the second edition of the football tournament which ran from 14 March to 19 August 2012. It was contested by the top 8 teams of the 2011 Kenyan Premier League season: A.F.C. Leopards, Chemelil Sugar, Gor Mahia, Rangers, Sofapaka, Sony Sugar, Tusker and Ulinzi Stars.
Ulinzi Stars were the defending champions, having won their first title in the inaugural edition of the tournament, but were denied a second title after losing to champions Gor Mahia in the final.
2011 Kenyan Premier League standings
Bracket
Quarter-finals
The quarter-final ties were played between 14 March and 29 July 2012.
Gor Mahia−A.F.C. Leopards match
The Nairobi derby match scheduled for 1 April 2012 was postponed, as Gor Mahia were banned from the Nyayo National Stadium following an incident that led to a riot by Gor fans during another derby match on 18 March 2012. However, A.F.C. Leopards were dissatisfied with the ruling made by the IDCC and opted to drop out of the tournament, but it had been decided that the match would take place on 20 May 2012. Lack of a suitable venue to host the clash led to the match being postponed yet again. Gor Mahia were however allowed to play in the Moi International Sports Centre, allowing for the fixture to be played. The date for the match was confirmed to be 29 July 2012, with the venue as the Moi International Sports Centre in Kasarani. However, Gor Mahia are yet to have their ban from the Nyayo National Stadium lifted.
Gor Mahia were awarded a walkover and 2 goals for their match after A.F.C. Leopards failed to turn up. The latter were consequently fined KSh.500,000/=, even though they had previously stated that they would not honour the fixture, citing no consultation of an appropriate date with the KPL and financial problems. However, KPL CEO Jack Oguda had stated that Leopards were to be fined KSh 1.5 million/=, and may have to pay another KSh.3.5 million/= fine, linked to the incurred expenses that broadcasters SuperSport could forward to the KPL. The Football Kenya Federation, however, suspended the result after, having demanded to be furnished with security measures to be taken for and the rules and regulations governing the tournament, the KPL failed to reply with furnishings. The suspension was lifted on 1 August 2012 after a consultative meeting held between FKF and KPL officials. The FKF also nullified the fine that was imposed on A.F.C. Leopards, after the club released an official press statement explaining the reason why they failed to appear for their match against Gor Mahia.
Fixtures
Semi-finals
The semi-finals were played between 2 August and 9 August 2012.
First leg
Second leg
Ulinzi Stars won 3−2 on aggregate.
Gor Mahia won 4−0 on aggregate.
Final
The final was played on 19 August 2012, at the Moi International Sports Centre.
References
External links
Kenyan Premier League - Official Website
Futaa.com - Top 8 Cup 2012
KPL Top 8 Cup seasons
Top 8 Cup
Sallatherium is an extinct genus of Notoungulate, belonging to the suborder Typotheria; It lived during the Late Oligocene, and its fossilized remains were discovered in South America.
Description
This animal was roughly the size of a modern hare, while its appearance was probably more similar to that of a pika. Compared to its smaller relative Prohegetotherium, Sallatherium had extremely elongated and thin nasal bones, upper jugal teeth with a labial groove placed more medially, and a much narrower mandibular symphysis. Its snout was generally narrower and elongated. The second and third incisors and the upper canine were smaller than in Prohegetotherium, and there was a diastema between the third lower incisor and the lower canine.
Classification
Sallatherium altiplanense was first described in 2005, based on fossil remains from the Salla Formation in Bolivia. Another smaller and more widespread hegetotheriid, Prohegetotherium schiaffinoi, was discovered in the same deposits.
Sallatherium was a member of the family Hegetotheriidae, a group of small-sized, lagomorph-like notoungulates. The dentition of this animal tends to indicate that it was related to Prohegetotherium and Hegetotherium, within the subfamily Hegetotheriinae.
Bibliography
Reguero, M. & Cerdeno E. (2005): New Late Oligocene Hegetotheriidae (Mammalia, Notoungulata) from Salla, Bolivia. – Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology, 25: 674-684.
F. D. Seoane, S. R. Juñent, and E. Cerdeño. 2017. Phylogeny and paleobiogeography of Hegetotheriidae (Mammalia, Notoungulata). Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 37(1):e1278547:1-13
Typotheres
Oligocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Bolivia
Fossils of Bolivia
Fossil taxa described in 2005
Prehistoric placental genera
Yenice, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Colombian Institute of Anthropology and History (), ICANH, is a scientific and technical government agency ascribed to the Ministry of Culture in charge of researching, producing and disseminating knowledge in the fields of anthropology, archeology and colonial history to protect the archaeological and ethnographic patrimony of Colombia.
History
The National Archaeological Service was founded in 1938 in Colombia. In 1941, the National Ethnological Institute was founded by Paul Rivet. President Eduardo Santos Montejo invited Rivet to come from France to establish an academic teaching institute, which would formalize anthropological studies in the country. The institute was to be founded on scientific principals to investigate and analyze the diverse ethnic groups of Colombia. In 1952, the two organizations were merged, to form the Colombian Institute of Anthropology under the Ministry of Education. One year previously, the Colombian Institute of Hispanic Culture had been formed to preserve the Spanish culture of Colombia. In 1999, this organization was merged with the Colombian Institute of Anthropology to form the present entity.
See also
List of Muisca research institutes
References
Ministry of Culture (Colombia)
History of Colombia
Government agencies established in 1999
Anthropological research institutes
History institutes
1999 establishments in Colombia
Hedvig Lovisa Charlotta Deland (née de Broen; 7 February 1807, Stockholm - 28 May 1864, Stockholm), was a Swedish stage actress.
She was born in to an acting family and connected to many well known figures within the theater world, which gave her valuable contactes during her own career. She was the daughter of the actors Isaac de Broen and Christina Margareta Cederberg, managers of the Djurgårdsteatern, and stepdaughter of the theatre director Christoffer Svanberg, who was the leader of his own travelling theatre company. She was also the niece of Carl Wildner, who took over the Djurgårdsteatern after her mother.
Charlotta Deland was educated in a fashionable girls' school. She made her debut in the travelling theatre company of her stepfather Christoffer Svanberg in 1831. She married her colleague Pierre Deland the same year, and in 1833, he took over the company, where she was active until 1861. She was a leading lady of the Deland theatre company, which was among the most successful in Sweden and Finland outside of the capital of Stockholm during most of its existence. The company regularly toured between the towns of Sweden (where theatres outside the capital consisted of travelling companies) as well as in Finland (where all theatres at the time consisted of travelling Swedish theatre companies), and also performed in the Djurgårdsteatern of Stockholm during the summer.
Charlotta Deland was described as an acknowledged and well respected actress and frequently performed main parts within both tragedy and comedy, but was given best critique for her roles as fashionable ladies within the popular genre of salon comedies.
It was said of her:
"As an actress she was in possession of an unusually good judgement, a quick mind, the gentility of an accomplished lady and a pleasing figure, which altogheter made her an excellent acquisition to especially the finer comedy."
Her most acclaimed role was evidently the role of Ceasarine in Kotteriet ('Cottery') by Eugène Scribe.
In 1861, the theater company was dissolved and she, her husband and their daughter Betty Deland was engaged at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm.
References
Ingeborg Nordin Hennel: Mod och Försakelse. Livs- och yrkesbetingelser för Konglig Theaterns skådespelerskor 1813-1863. Stockholm: Gidlunds (1997) .
1807 births
1864 deaths
19th-century Swedish actresses
Swedish stage actresses
Philip Farkas (March 5, 1914 – December 21, 1992) was the principal French horn player in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra for many years; he left in 1960 to join the music faculty at Indiana University Bloomington. He wrote The Art of French Horn Playing which is considered by many to be the seminal work for horn players. Other books that he wrote include The Art of Brass Playing, The Art of Musicianship, and A Photo Study of 40 Virtuoso Horn Players' Embouchures. Nancy Jordan Fako has also written a biography about his life: Philip Farkas and His Horn - A Happy, Worthwhile Life. Later in his life he helped design the Holton Farkas horn.
Life
On March 5, 1914, Farkas was born in Chicago to Anna Cassidy Farkas and Emil Nelson Farkas. (March 5th is known by many as the Horn Duumvirate Date, as it was the birth date of both Farkas and Barry Tuckwell, two great horn players of the 20th century.) While his parents were ignorant about music, his mother encouraged him to take piano lessons; this was Farkas' first introduction to music. Around the age of twelve his Boy Scout troop needed a bugler, so Farkas volunteered for the job. He sought tutoring from a neighbor who played the trumpet, and soon became very good. Around the age of fourteen he started to develop asthma. His parents thought it would be best if he played a wind instrument in band, but the school only had a bass drum and a tuba available at the moment, so Farkas chose the tuba.
Farkas had to take a street car to school, and because of the tuba's size, the conductor began to complain that it took up too much room. Farkas asked him what instrument would be more convenient and the conductor pointed to a horn case belonging to a band that was on the street. Soon after, Farkas and his father went to downtown Chicago and rented a Schmidt horn for three dollars a month.
After playing his horn for a while he fell in love with it and decided to pursue a profession as a horn player. While still in high school, he became the youngest member of the All-Chicago High School Orchestra, first horn player in the Chicago Civic Orchestra, and first horn in the Kansas City Philharmonic; this was his first professional job as a horn player.
He played first chair in the Chicago Symphony, Boston, and Cleveland orchestras as well, being the only horn ever offered the solo horn positions in these three major orchestras and the youngest principal player in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Farkas was also a music Professor; he taught at Indiana University, Northwestern University, Cleveland Institute, Kansas City Conservatory, De Paul University, and Roosevelt University. His notable pupils included Douglas Hill and Paul Marcotte.
Farkas also held many clinics and performed as a soloist nationwide. Farkas founded a publishing company; Wind Music Inc… He also partnered with Chicago trumpeter Renold Schilke in the founding of Schilke Music Products and as consultants to the musical instrument division of Yamaha. He received a doctorate in music, presented by Eastern Michigan University in April 1978.
He is very well known for designing the top-selling Holton-Farkas horn made by the Frank Holton Company as well as a large selection of mouthpieces. He published four best-selling books to help French horn players, brass players, and all musicians improve in the art. His first book, The Art of French Horn Playing, is nicknamed the bible of horn players.
Farkas was known to have a kind, cheery personality, and was very much a perfectionist. He made a big impact in the world of music, as well as to many lives along the way. He continued to practice his horn every day until his death on December 21, 1992 at the age of 78.
“It is my desire to create such a book, containing not only the findings of my own years of experience, but that of my teachers, which prompts me to write so complex a subject as horn playing. But, if some day I might hear a solo beautifully played and would hear the soloist say afterward 'Your book helped me do that,' I would feel repaid for my effort a hundred times over”
- Philip Farkas, The Art of French Horn Playing
See also
Embouchure
References
Published works
Philip Farkas, A Photographic Study of 40 Virtuoso Horn Players' Embouchures, (Bloomington, Indiana: Wind Music, Inc., 1970), 41 pp.
Philip Farkas, The Art of Brass Playing: A Treatise on the Formation and Use of the Brass Player's Embouchure, (Atlanta, Georgia: Wind Music/TAP Publications, 1962), 6
Biography
M. Dee Stewart, ed., Philip Farkas: The Legacy of a Master: The Man who Defined Symphonic Horn Playing as Seen Through his Writings and the Comments of Colleagues and Students, (Northfield, Illinois: Instrumentalist Publishing Company, 1990), 157 pp.
Nancy Jordan Fako, Philip Farkas & His Horn: A Happy, Worthwhile Life, (Elmhurst, Illinois: Crescent Park Music Publications, 1998), 296 pp., .
External links
Website about the Holton Farkas horn
Biography from the International Horn Society
Biography from IU Cook Music Library
1914 births
1992 deaths
American classical horn players
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century American musicians
Summit Records artists
The Jaysh al-Nukhba (Elite Army (), formerly called the Liberation Army (: Jaysh al-Tahrir) is a group operating in the Hama and Aleppo Governorates, backed and supported by Turkey. The group was formed from 5 units, some of which received BGM-71 TOW missiles from the United States.
History
Liberation Army
In July 2016 the al-Nusra Front raided the Liberation Army's headquarters in Kafr Nabl and captured 40 fighters, including the group's commander, Mohammed al-Ghabi. They also seized a number of weapons.
The group participated in the Turkish military intervention in Syria which began with the capture of Jarabulus. Liberation Army fighters captured the village of Amarnah from the Syrian Democratic Forces and took more than 8 SDF fighters captive. Since October 2016, the Liberation Army operates a prisoner-of-war camp in the northern Aleppo Governorate, which holds around 300 prisoners of war from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, implementing Sharia and capital punishment. On 15 October, Mohammed al-Ghabi was severely injured by an ISIL car bombs and died 20 days later. A new commander was named on 10 November.
Elite Army
On 7 January 2017, the Liberation Army announced that it has changed its name to the Elite Army and a new commander was appointed.
After internal disputes within the group in early 2017, the 46th, 312th, and 314th Divisions left the Elite Army and formed a new group called the 2nd Army.
In May 2018, along with 10 other rebel groups in northwestern Syria, the Elite Army formed the National Front for Liberation, which was officially announced on 28 May.
In September 2021 one of the group members kidnapped a 16 year old girl just as she was released from a prison (converted from "the former Asayish Center" post Turkish occupation) on 23 May 2020. She was taken to the Idlib Governorate where she stated that he enslaved her similar to ISIS has done previously.
References
External links
Youtube channel (no longer available)
Twitter account
Anti-government factions of the Syrian civil war
Free Syrian Army
Anti-ISIL factions in Syria
Turkish supported militant groups of the Syrian civil war
Burton is an English surname with habitational origins.
People surnamed Burton
Aron Burton (1938–2016), American blues singer, bass guitarist and songwriter
Baron Burton is a peerage title created in 1886 and 1887 in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Abraham Burton (born 1971), American saxophonist and bandleader.
Adam Burton, better known as Maxwell Atoms, American animator
Alexander Burton (1893–1915), Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross
Alfred Henry Burton (c. 1834 – 1914), New Zealand photographer
Alison Burton (1921–2014), Australian tennis player
Amanda Burton (born 1957), Northern Irish actress
Amanda Burton (born 1980), Australian netball player
Andrew Burton (disambiguation), multiple people
Arthur Burton (c. 1889 – death unknown), rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s, 1910s and 1920s
Beryl Burton (1937–1996), English racing cyclist
Bob Burton Jr. (born 1985), American speedcuber
Brandie Burton (born 1972), American professional golfer
Brett Burton (born 1978), Australian rules footballer
Brian Burton, better known as Danger Mouse (born 1977), American producer and disc jockey
Charles Burton (disambiguation), multiple people
Charlotte Burton (1881–1942), American silent film actress
Clarence Burton (disambiguation), multiple people
Cliff Burton (1962–1986), Metallica bassist
Corey Burton (born 1955), American voice actor
Dan Burton (born 1938), U.S. Congressman
Daniel Burton (born 1963), American cyclist, Antarctica Cycling Expeditions
Decimus Burton (1800–1881), English architect and garden designer
Deon Burton (born 1976), English-Jamaican footballer
Deonte Burton (born 1991), American basketball player
Dick Burton (golfer) (1907–1874), British golfer
Edmund Burton (footballer), (1893–1916), English footballer
Elizabeth Eaton Burton (1869–1937), American artist
Ellis Burton (1936–2013), American baseball player
Ernie Burton (1921–1999), English professional footballer
Ethel Burton, American comedic film actress
Francis Burton (disambiguation), multiple people
Frederick Burton (disambiguation)
Gary Burton (born 1943), American jazz vibraphone player
George Burton (disambiguation)
Hal B. Burton, American politician
Harold Hitz Burton (1888–1964), American politician and Supreme Court Justice
Harrison Burton (born 2000), American racing driver
Harry Burton (Egyptologist), British egyptologist
Harry Burton (journalist) (1968–2001), Australian journalist
Henry Burton (Conservative politician) (1876–1947), British Conservative MP for Sudbury 1924–1945
Henry Burton (physician) (1799–1849), English physician
Henry Burton (theologian) (1578–1648), English puritan
Henry Burton-Peters (1792–1875), Whig MP for Beverley (UK Parliament constituency) 1830–1837
Henry Burton Buckley, 1st Baron Wrenbury, British barrister and judge
Hilarie Burton (born 1982), American actress
Humphrey Burton, CBE (born 1931), British classical music presenter, broadcaster, director, producer and biographer of musicians
Hutchins Gordon Burton (1774–1832), American politician
Jake Burton Carpenter (1954–2019), American snowboarder
James Burton (disambiguation)
Janet Burton, British academic
Jared Burton (born 1981), American baseball player
Jeb Burton (born 1992), American stock car racing driver
Jeff Burton (born 1967), American stock car racing driver
Jenny Burton (born 1957), American rhythm and blues singer
Joan Burton (born 1949), Irish politician
John Burton (disambiguation)
Kate Burton (disambiguation)
Katherine Burton (1890–1969), American social activist and Catholic convert
Ken Burton (born 1970), British chorist, composer and recording artist
Konni Burton (born 1963), American politician
Kris Burton (born 1980), Australia-born Italian rugby player
Lance Burton (born 1960), American stage magician
Leonard Burton (born 1964), American football player
Leonard Samuel Burton (1824–1895), educator and mayor in Gawler, South Australia
LeVar Burton (born 1957), American actor
Lewis Burton (born 1992), British tennis player and model
Lori Burton (born 1940), American singer and songwriter
Margaret E. Burton, American missionary to China and Japan
Marion LeRoy Burton (1874–1925), American scholar
Mark Burton (disambiguation), multiple people
Maurice Burton (1898–1992), English zoologist and author
Maurice Burton (cyclist) (born 1955), English cyclist
Michael Burton (born 1992), American football player
Montague Burton (1885–1952), founder of Burton clothes shops
Nancy Jane Burton (1891–1972), Scottish artist
Norman Burton, American actor
Oliver Burton, English footballer
Ollie Burton, Welsh international footballer
Patricia Burton, All-American Girls Professional Baseball League player
Peter Burton, British actor
Phillip Burton, American politician
Ralph Burton (died 1768), British soldier in Canada
Raymond S. Burton, American politician
Richard Burton (1925–1984), Welsh actor
Richard Burton (comics), British comic editor
Richard Francis Burton (1821–1890), British explorer, translator, orientalist
Richard Henry Burton (1923–1993), English recipient of the Victoria Cross
Rob Burton, Mayor of Oakville, Ontario, Canada
Robert Burton (scholar) (1577–1640), English scholar, cleric and author
Robert Burton (statesman) (1747–1825), North Carolina delegate to Continental Congress
Roderick Burton, better known as Dolla (1987–2009), American rapper
Ron Burton (1936–2003), American football player
Sala Burton, American politician
Sam Burton (1926–2020), English footballer
Samuel Burton, Irish politician
Samuel S. Burton (1822–1892), American judge
Sarah Burton, creative director of Alexander McQueen
Steve Burton (disambiguation)
Terry Burton, English football manager
Terry C. Burton, American politician
Theodore E. Burton (1851–1929), American politician
Theodore M. Burton (1907–1989), LDS General Authority
Thomas Burton (died 1496 or 1495), Loughborough, England, wool merchant
Thomas Burton (died 1661), British Member of Parliament for Westmorland, 1656–1659
T. L. Burton, professor of medieval English literature at the University of Adelaide
Tom Burton, American professional wrestler
Thomas Burton Adams Jr., commonly known as Tom Burton
Thomas Burton Hanly, (1812–1880), Confederate politician
Tim Burton (born 1958), American film director
Tim Burton (musician) (born 1963), American saxophonist
Tommie Burton (1878–1946), West Indian cricketer
Tony Burton (1937–2016), U.S. actor, comedian, boxer, and football player
Trey Burton (born 1991), American football player
Trevor Burton (born 1944), English guitarist
Tyler Burton (born 2000), American basketball player
Veronica Burton (basketball) (born 2000), American basketball player
Virginia Lee Burton (1909–1968), American illustrator and children's book author
Walter John Burton, New Zealand photographer
Ward Burton (born 1961), American stock car racing driver
Wes Burton (born 1980), American racing driver
William Burton (disambiguation)
Given name
Burton Barr (1917–1997), American politician from Arizona
Burton Cummings (born 1947), Canadian musician
Burton E. Green (1868–1965), American oilman and co-founder of Beverly Hills, California
Burton Hecht (born 1927), New York politician and judge
Burt Lancaster (1913–1994), American actor
Burt Reynolds (1936–2018), American actor, producer and stuntman
Other
Janne "Burton" Puurtinen (born 1974), Finnish musician
Fictional characters
Burton Guster, from the television series Psych
Burton Wayne, from the novel To a God Unknown, by John Steinbeck
Jack Burton, from Big Trouble in Little China
Madlax characters:
Richard Burton
Margaret Burton (Madlax)
Barry Burton, from Resident Evil
Colonel Burton, character in the strategy game Command & Conquer: Generals
"Big Guy" Bill Burton, one of Hao's followers in the manga and anime series Shaman King
Burton Phillips, from Hollyoaks in the City
Mel Burton from Hollyoaks, Sophie's twin
Sophie Burton from Hollyoaks, Mel's twin
Justin Burton from Hollyoaks, Sophie and Mel's younger brother
See also
Burton (disambiguation)
References
English-language surnames
Chromosome 20 open reading frame 85, or most commonly known as C20orf85 is a gene that encodes for the C20orf85 Protein (UniProt ID: Q9H1P6) . This gene is not yet well understood by the scientific community.
Background
Aliases
LLC1 - Low in Lung Cancer 1
bA196N14.1
Location
It is found on chromosome 20, more specifically 20q13.32. It runs in the 5' to 3' direction on the top strand of chromosome 20. The gene HSPD1P19 or Heat Shock Protein Family D Member 1 Pseudogene 19 neighbors the gene, running before C20orf85, from the 5' to 3' end.
RNA
mRNA C20orf85 has 805 nucleotides which encodes for the C20orf85 protein. So far this is the only known gene variant as of June 2022 and contains 4 exons. It has also been found to be expressed in samples of the testis, endometrium, and liver from HPA RNA-seq normal tissues.
Protein
This protein contains 137 Amino acids and is most commonly called “uncharacterized protein C20orf85,” or pfam14945. It has an approximate molecular weight of 15.5 kDa with an isoelectric point of 8.72. C20orf85 protein is rich in the amino acids tryptophan and proline, compared to other human proteins.
Structure
According to iTasser and AlphaFold, the C20orf85 protein structure is predicted to have many more helices than sheets.
Protein Level Regulation
The C20orf85 protein is predicted to be found in the extracellular space or the cytoplasm, per PSORTII, DeepLoc 1.0, and DeepLoc 2.0. It is tissue specific, being expressed in the lungs, trachea, testis, and ovary. There are also 3 predicted sites of SUMOylation and phosphorylation.
Evolution
C20orf85 is predicted to evolve at a moderate pace, slower than the known fast evolving protein Fibrinogen Alpha but faster than the known slow evolving protein Cytochrome C.
Paralog
Protein C20orf85 is paralogous with protein c2orf50. The two human proteins have been estimated to diverge from each other around 750 million years ago.
Orthologs
C20orf85 has vast amounts of orthologs including mammals, reptiles, and birds. The table to the right shows a wide range of orthologs chosen because of the type of animal they were and the sequence identity.
Interacting Proteins
C20orf85 has many interacting proteins, the proteins below were included because of their association to diseases and similarity in localization with C20orf85.
Clinical Significance
Research conducted by Kyeong-Man Hong discovered that there is an inactivation of LLC1 (C20orf85) in some patients with non-small cell lung cancer but the reason for this is currently unknown. The research titled "Immunohistochemical localization of LLC1 in human tissues and its limited expression in non-small cell lung cancer" found expression in the lung but no further findings have been evaluated from that article.
Mutations
There are many mutations found from the SNPs NCBI dataset of C20orf85, these included below were mentioned as described in the "significance" column.
References
Genes on human chromosome 20
Herbert William Emmitt (6 August 1857 – 1901) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County. He also played cricket for Nottinghamshire, making two first-class appearances in 1884. He also made a single first-class appearance for the North in 1888.
References
1867 births
1901 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
Notts County F.C. players
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
English Football League players
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
North v South cricketers
Association football midfielders
Demirciler is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Joe Siano was the vocalist for the psychedelic rock band the Head Shop, which released an album on Epic Records in 1969.
In 1972, together with his better-known younger brother – Nicky Siano – they opened The Gallery, a landmark disco in New York during the early 1970s. Nicky Siano was later a resident DJ at the famed Studio 54 disco in New York.
References
Psychedelic rock musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Tighina Agreement (; ) was an agreement between Nazi Germany and Romania about administration, economy and security issues of the Transnistria Governorate that entered into force on 30 August 1941. It was signed during World War II, while the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union was taking place. The Tiraspol Agreement through which Romania received the region had entered in force shortly before, on 19 August.
Discussions to make an agreement began on 17 August, and they were concluded by the German General Arthur Hauffe and the Romanian General Nicolae Tătăranu in the city of Tighina (now Bender, Moldova, under Transnistrian control). Before the agreement, the region had remained under German military occupation. Furthermore, it was agreed that until military operations ended, Romania could not evacuate its Jews east of the Southern Bug (that is, to lands under German control, as the river marked the eastern boundary of Transnistria). Therefore, they were to be placed under labor camps until then. This is probably because of the inability of the German Einsatzgruppe D to deal with all of the Jews, as it functioned over a very large area and would not be able to handle a flooding of Jews coming from Romania into its lands of operation.
The agreement also allowed the German army to establish naval and air bases in Transnistria and periodically enter the region to perform "special jobs", referring to actions against its Jewish population. Transnistria would later become the destination of many Jews from the recently recovered Northern Bukovina and Bessarabia. Ion Antonescu, Conducător (leader) of Romania, planned to colonize Transnistria with Romanian settlers once the invasion of the Soviet Union and the extermination of the Jewish and Romani population in the region was completed to formally annex it. The agreement had 9 articles.
See also
The Holocaust in Romania
References
1941 in Romania
1941 in Ukraine
August 1941 events
Treaties concluded in 1941
Treaties entered into force in 1941
Treaties of Nazi Germany
Treaties of the Kingdom of Romania
World War II treaties
Bender, Moldova
History of Transnistria
Germany–Romania relations
Azhahendra Sollukku Amudha () is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Nagarajan and starring Rejan and Aashritha.
Cast
Rejan as Murugan
Aashritha as Amudha
Pattimandram Raja as Murugan's father
Rekha Suresh as Murugan's mother
Mahanadi Shankar
Mippu
Production
The film is directed by Suseenthiran's assistant Rejan. The film was shot in Chennai, Ennore, Perambur, Thandyarpet, and Vyasarpadi.
Soundtrack
The songs are composed by Rajin Mahadev.
Release and reception
The film released on 2 December 2016 and was removed from theatres three days later due to the then chief minister of Tamil Nadu J. Jayalalithaa's death. The Times of India gave the film a rating of one out of five stars and wrote that "the film is, sadly, a concoction of numerous bad clichés one has seen in Tamil cinema over the years". Hindu Tamil Thisai praised the cinematography and music while criticising the climax. Maalai Malar gave the film a rating of eighty out of hundred and praised the cinematography and songs. Samayam Tamil gave the film a rating of three out of five praising the songs and criticising the screenplay.
References
Indian romantic drama films
The Wisconsin Badgers represent the University of Wisconsin in WCHA women's ice hockey during the 2017-18 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.
Offseason
Annie Pankowski and four alumni were named to the US National Team that will train for the 2018 Olympics in Korea, while Emily Clark and four alumni have been named to the Canadian team, which will send 23 of 28 players to Korea.
Recruiting
Roster
2017–18 Badgers
Standings
2017-18 Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=" "| Regular Season
Awards and honors
Kristen Campbell, 2017-18 Second Team All-America
References
Wisconsin
NCAA women's ice hockey Frozen Four seasons
Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey seasons
Wisconsin
Wisconsin
Wisconsin
Cubilia albosetosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1976.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1976
Aparisthmium is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1840. It contains only one known species, Aparisthmium cordatum, native to South America and Costa Rica.
References
Alchorneae
Monotypic Euphorbiaceae genera
Trees of Peru
Taxa named by Henri Ernest Baillon
Taxa named by Adrien-Henri de Jussieu
This is a list of published International Organization for Standardization (ISO) standards and other deliverables. For a complete and up-to-date list of all the ISO standards, see the ISO catalogue.
The standards are protected by copyright and most of them must be purchased. However, about 300 of the standards produced by ISO and IEC's Joint Technical Committee 1 (JTC 1) have been made freely and publicly available.
ISO 1 – ISO 19999
ISO 1 – ISO 1999
ISO 2000 – ISO 2999
ISO 3000 – ISO 4999
ISO 5000 – ISO 7999
ISO 8000 – ISO 9999
ISO 10000 – ISO 11999
ISO 12000 – ISO 13999
ISO 14000 – ISO 15999
ISO 16000 – ISO 17999
ISO 18000 – ISO 19999
ISO 20000 – ISO 99999
ISO 20000 – ISO 21999
ISO 22000 – ISO 23999
ISO 24000 – ISO 25999
ISO 26000 – ISO 27999
ISO 28000 – ISO 29999
ISO 30000 – ISO 99999
See also
International Classification for Standards
List of DIN standards
List of EN standards
List of IEC standards
List of ISO Technical Committees
Notes
References
External links
International Organization for Standardization
International Organization for Standardization
The 2017 United Bowl was the championship game of the 2017 Indoor Football League season. It was played between the Intense Conference Champion Arizona Rattlers and the United Conference Champion Sioux Falls Storm. The game was played at Denny Sanford Premier Center in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. The Rattlers won the game by a score of 50–41.
This was the Sioux Falls Storm's seventh consecutive United Bowl appearance and first loss, snapping a 6-game championship streak. It was the Arizona Rattlers' first United Bowl appearance in their first season in the IFL after joining from the Arena Football League.
Venue
The game was played at Denny Sanford Premier Center in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, as the Sioux Falls Storm had the home field advantage by cause of having a better regular season record.
Background
Arizona Rattlers
On October 17, 2016, the Arizona Rattlers announced their move to the IFL from the Arena Football League. They started on a 2-game losing streak heading into their first bye week before defeating the Colorado Crush at home 71–29. The Rattlers finished the season with a conference best 12–4, including a season-ending 8 game win streak, earning the first seed in the Intense Conference. In the Intense Conference championship, they defeated the Nebraska Danger at home by a score of 62–36.
Sioux Falls Storm
In 2017, the Storm began the regular season with 8 straight wins, including a 40–29 victory over the Arizona Rattlers in week 1, before a 44–36 loss to the Wichita Falls Nighthawks. They finished the season with a 14–2 record, earning the top seed in the United Conference and the best record in the league, which they secured with a 45–24 victory over the Iowa Barnstormers in week 18. In the United Conference championship, they were victorious in their rematch against the Barnstormers by a score of 66–32.
Box score
References
United Bowl
United Bowl
Arizona Rattlers
Sioux Falls Storm
Sports competitions in South Dakota
United Bowl
United Bowl
Isabel ravana is a species of plant bug, a type of insect in the family Miridae. It is the only accepted species in the genus Isabel.
References
Mirinae
Anthony "Tony" DeSpirito (December 24, 1935 – May 26, 1975) was a champion American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who found instant fame when he won the national riding title in 1952 as an apprentice in his first full year of racing.
Born in Lawrence, Massachusetts, Tony DeSpirito was the son of a millworker. He left school at an early age to work as an exercise rider at Rockingham Park in Salem, New Hampshire. There are conflicting newspaper reports of his birth year but the United States Social Security Death Index records him as being born in 1935. DeSpirito rode his first race as an apprentice jockey in 1951 at Narragansett Park in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
1952 Championship
In 1952, DeSpirito began his record-setting year well behind other American jockeys in races won, as he did not get his first win until January 22 at Sunshine Park in Oldsmar, Florida. He then began winning at a tremendous pace and had several racedays with multiple victories. During the week of June 6–13, three times Despirito rode four winners on a single racecard at Suffolk Downs. At Rockingham Park he rode six winners on August 21, 1952, and won six races again at Rockingham on October 10, 1953. On November 29, 1952, he rode five winners on a single card at Lincoln Downs in Rhode Island. By December, he was in a position to challenge the world record for wins in a year. That month, he rode in Florida; when the tracks there closed on Sunday, he flew to Cuba and won three races on December 28 at Oriental Park Racetrack. On December 30, 1952, he rode his 389th winner at Tropical Park Race Track in Coral Gables, Florida, breaking the record for most wins in a single year set by Walter Miller in 1906. DeSpirito ended the year with 390 wins from 1,474 mounts, a 26% win rate. On the last day of the year, he was flown from Miami to New York so that he could appear on CBS's Toast of the Town with Ed Sullivan.
In 1953, DeSpirito continued his winning ways but was involved in the first of four serious accidents that profoundly affected his career and saw the media dub him the "hard luck jockey". Despite time lost as a result of his 1953 accident, he finished the year with 311 wins but was well behind Bill Shoemaker, who smashed Despirito's record with 485 wins. On November 1, 1953, DeSpirito married Doris De Christoforo in a church ceremony in Revere, Massachusetts.
DeSpirito won the 1954 Kentucky Oaks aboard the Maine Chance Farm filly Fascinator. In his only Kentucky Derby appearance, he finished 13th in the 1954 edition aboard the Maine Chance colt Black Metal. During 1954, DeSpirito battled with riding greats Avelino Gomez and Bill Shoemaker for top jockey honors in the United States and by July 10 had taken over the lead with 176 wins. However, in August, Shoemaker took the lead and maintained it for the rest of the year.
On September 18, 1955, DeSpirito suffered a traumatic brain injury in a racing accident at New York's Aqueduct Racetrack. He returned to racing in January 1956; in May, he was hurt again in an accident at Laurel Park Racecourse and had to undergo surgery to remove a damaged kidney and spleen.
Henry Wajda's heroism
In 1960, DeSpirito rode in his second and final Preakness Stakes, obtaining his best result with a second-place finish aboard the future Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame colt Victoria Park.
On June 30 of that year, DeSpirito came close to losing his life in a racing mishap at Suffolk Downs. After being knocked off his saddle in the first turn, he was left dangling from one stirrup and clinging to the horse's neck. In what the Jockeys' Guild described as "one of the most heroic feats ever seen in American racing history", jockey Henry Wajda rode up beside DeSpirito's horse and reached over with his left hand to lift him back up into the saddle. Wajda lost his own life from injuries sustained in a July 28, 1973, racing accident at Rockingham Park.
DeSpirito continued to ride until April 1973, when he began work as a track patrol judge at Naragansett Park. On May 26, 1975, 39-year-old DeSpirito was found dead in his Riverside, Rhode Island, apartment. Police ruled out foul play, and the coroner's report found he had choked to death.
References
1935 births
1975 deaths
American jockeys
American Champion jockeys
Sportspeople from Lawrence, Massachusetts
Donald Ralph Smoothey (11 April 1919 – 17 May 2015) was a British stage actor, variety entertainer and comic.
Career
Theatre
At the age of twelve, Smoothey attended the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts where his brother Len Lowe was already a student, and began his show business career as a child in 1932 appearing at the Holborn Empire in a production of Where the Rainbow Ends. This was followed by a time in the production of Cavalcade at Drury Lane.
Smoothey joined the army at the outbreak of World War II and entertained troops as half of a double act with Len Marten. In 1942, he became a member of the official army organization Stars in Battledress. He left the service in 1946 and returned to civilian life and variety entertainment by appearing at The Grand, Clapham Junction. During this time he used several stage names, including Don Maxwell and Chester Ladd. He completed a long tour in the production of The Old Town Hall, which was followed by Ralph Reader's The Gangs All Here.
Variety entertainment
In 1950, Smoothey joined his brother Len Lowe as half of a new act called "Lowe and Ladd". They enjoyed success in England, as well as touring in Australia and New Zealand until 1956, when Len wished to turn his own attentions to television and the team parted. From that point Smoothey used his own name appearing as a solo comedian.
When singer Dickie Valentine persuaded Smoothey that Tommy Layton wished to work with him, the team of "Smoothey and Layton" was created and performed together until 1960. On Boxing Day 1959 they appeared in BBC TV's The Good Old Days at Christmas. After the team separated in 1960, Smoothey continued his solo career performing in variety theatre, Summer shows, and pantomimes, and at such venues as the London Palladium.
Career personal highlight
Asked what he has enjoyed most about his long time in show business Smoothey stated:
"I have to say appearing in the Royal Variety Performance in the presence of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother in 1982 in the feature Underneath the Arches was very special. This took place at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. In our particular sketch there was Roy Hudd, Joe Black, Tommy Godfrey, Billy Gray, Peter Glaze, Christopher Timothy and myself.
"A highlight of the Royal Command Performance was the appearance of Ethel Merman who flew in especially from America to sing There's No Business Like Show Business. Sitting with her hairdresser before going on stage, she asked if she could have her hair all up front. The stylist remarked that there would be nothing to cover the back of her head. 'Honey, my name is Ethel Merman', replied the great singer, 'and I've never turned my back on an audience in all my life. So put it all up at the front and to hell with what anyone behind sees!'
"Backstage, dressed in a terrible old dressing gown, Ethel stumbled by mistake into our dressing room. She apologised, 'Oh boys I'm sorry, I've got the wrong dressing room.' 'You'll be alright,' said my colleague Tommy Godfrey. 'You stay with us, darling,' and sat on her knee. 'That's it boys' she exclaimed. I'm dressing in here from now on!' - and she stayed there for ages talking about American Vaudeville."
Television
Smoothey made a few television appearances from 1964 through 1990. In 1964 he appeared as himself in an episode of the Frankie Howerd comedy variety show. In 1967 he performed for an episode of the variety show The Good Old Days, and in 1968 performed in all 7 episodes of the BBC comedy variety series Kindly Leave the Stage. He returned to television in 1983 for an episode of the Channel 4 spoof talk show For 4 Tonight , and his last television appearance was in 1990 in an acting role of the series You Rang, M'Lord?.
Service
Smoothey were a member of the Grand Order of Water Rats from 1967 until his passing, and sat as King Rat in 2001. His late brother Len Lowe had been "King Rat" in 1983, marking Smoothey emplacement as the first time two brothers of the order had been King Rats.
Donald Ralph Smoothey were initiated into Hamilton Lodge No.3309 on 21 April 1971. WM 1983. He was presented with Provincial Honours in 1995 by Companion of the Grand Order of Water Rats, HRH Prince Michael of Kent, KCVO. He joined Chelsea Lodge No.3098 19 May 1995.
Smoothey served as secretary of The Vaudeville Golfing Society for many years, and was a respected member of the executive committee of The Entertainment Artistes' Benevolent Fund until his retirement from the role in June 2013.
References
External links
Don Smoothey at the Internet Movie Database
1919 births
2015 deaths
English male stage actors
English male comedians
People from Fulham
British Army personnel of World War II
Copper Coast Highway is a highway in South Australia which branches off from the Augusta and Port Wakefield Highways 2 km north of Port Wakefield, and heads northwest across the top of Yorke Peninsula to Kadina, ending at the Spencer Gulf town of Wallaroo.
Improvements
In 2016, the state government proposed to restructure the intersection on the Copper Coast Highway at the north end of the Yorke Highway to provide a large roundabout instead of Yorke Highway terminating at a tee-junction. The roundabout is intended to reduce delays at the end of holiday periods when many people try to drive back towards Adelaide at the same time, and will permit road trains to operate between Port Wakefield and Ardrossan which had previously not been permitted due to limitations of that intersection. Subsidiary works improved the Yorke Highway north of Ardrossan with a widened bridge, sealed shoulders and overtaking lanes. Road trains up to were previously permitted to operate on the Augusta Highway through Port Wakefield north towards Port Pirie and beyond, and from Ardrossan south to Port Giles, but were not permitted to operate north of Ardrossan to the Augusta Highway, limiting the capacity to transport grain or minerals. Work commenced on the roundabout in October 2017 and it was completed in January 2018.
A proposal by the Liberal Party of Australia before the 2018 state election was that if it was elected it would build a single lane overpass at the Port Wakefield end of the Copper Coast Highway to reduce traffic conflicts. The party won the election and upgraded the planning to completely grade-separate the intersection. The contract for detailed design and construction of duplication of the highway through Port Wakefield and a grade-separated intersection with the Augusta and Port Wakefield Highways was let in March 2020 to the Port Wakefield to Port Augusta Alliance (a consortium of CPB Contractors, Aurecon and GHD Group, also responsible for the duplication of Joy Baluch AM Bridge in Port Augusta), with the government announcing an overpass for the intersection with the Augusta and Port Wakefield Highways in 2021. Project construction commenced in late 2020, with completion expected in 2022; the overpass opened in December 2021, four months ahead of schedule.
Major intersections and towns
References
Yorke Peninsula
Highways in South Australia
Fernando Vázquez (born 1954) is a Spanish footballer.
Fernando Vázquez may also refer to:
Fernando Vázquez de Arce (?–1520), Bishop of Islas Canarias
Fernando Vázquez de Menchaca (1512–1569), Spanish jurist
Fernando Vásquez (born 1962), Bolivian mining minister
Fernando Vázquez (athlete) (born 1971), Spanish racewalker
Fernando "Fer" Vázquez (born 1994), Uruguayan singer
Fernando Vázquez (footballer, born 1999), Mexican footballer
Christian Riedel (31 January 1804, Luptin – 30 September 1882, Zittau) was a German politician active in the Kingdom of Saxony where he led the left liberals of the German Progress Party in the 1867 Reichstag elections. He was known as "Old Riedel". He was elected for the Zittau Reichstag constituency in the February and August elections of 1867. In 1873 he was elected to the Landtag of the Kingdom of Saxony.
Riedel was a landowner and a farmer. He was self-taught and became politically active during the 1848 Revolution.
References
1804 births
1882 deaths
Members of the Reichstag of the North German Confederation
Frank Pearson (born 18 May 1884) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Chelsea, Hull City, Manchester City and Preston North End.
References
1884 births
Date of death unknown
English footballers
English Football League players
Preston North End F.C. players
Manchester City F.C. players
Chelsea F.C. players
Hull City A.F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Footballers from Manchester
Association football forwards
Faithbooking, or spiritual scrapbooking is a creative expression of a family's spiritual journey, values and events that are captured in scrapbooks, diaries or journals that combine the use of photographs, decorated papers, scripture, thoughts, prayers, blessings, stories and embellishments such as buttons, ribbon and other creative art media. The goal of faithbooking is to creatively preserve and tell a story about how a family grows spiritually. Many religions such as Christianity, Judaism and Islam have adopted the concept of faithbooking.
See also
Grimoire
Book of Shadows
References
Further reading
Handicrafts
Religious practices
Religious objects
Fistulobalanus albicostatus is a species of barnacle in the family Balanidae.
References
Barnacles
Crustaceans described in 1916
Taxa named by Henry Augustus Pilsbry
HMCS Lévis was a that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily as a convoy escort in the Battle of the St. Lawrence and the Battle of the Atlantic. She was the second ship to bear the name of Lévis, the first being a Flower-class corvette that had been sunk earlier in the war. She was named for Lévis, Quebec.
Lévis was ordered in June 1942 as part of the 1942–1943 River-class building program. She was laid down on 25 February 1943 by Davie Shipbuilding & Repairing Co. Ltd. at Lauzon and launched 26 November 1943. She was commissioned into the Royal Canadian Navy on 21 July 1944 at Quebec City.
Background
The River-class frigate was designed by William Reed of Smith's Dock Company of South Bank-on-Tees. Originally called a "twin-screw corvette", its purpose was to improve on the convoy escort classes in service with the Royal Navy at the time, including the Flower-class corvette. The first orders were placed by the Royal Navy in 1940 and the vessels were named for rivers in the United Kingdom, giving name to the class. In Canada they were named for towns and cities though they kept the same designation. The name "frigate" was suggested by Vice-Admiral Percy Nelles of the Royal Canadian Navy and was adopted later that year.
Improvements over the corvette design included improved accommodation which was markedly better. The twin engines gave only three more knots of speed but extended the range of the ship to nearly double that of a corvette at at 12 knots. Among other lessons applied to the design was an armament package better designed to combat U-boats including a twin 4-inch mount forward and 12-pounder aft. 15 Canadian frigates were initially fitted with a single 4-inch gun forward but with the exception of , they were all eventually upgraded to the double mount. For underwater targets, the River-class frigate was equipped with a Hedgehog anti-submarine mortar and depth charge rails aft and four side-mounted throwers.
River-class frigates were the first Royal Canadian Navy warships to carry the 147B Sword horizontal fan echo sonar transmitter in addition to the irregular ASDIC. This allowed the ship to maintain contact with targets even while firing unless a target was struck. Improved radar and direction-finding equipment improved the RCN's ability to find and track enemy submarines over the previous classes.
Canada originally ordered the construction of 33 frigates in October 1941. The design was too big for the shipyards on the Great Lakes so all the frigates built in Canada were built in dockyards along the west coast or along the St. Lawrence River. In all Canada ordered the construction of 60 frigates including ten for the Royal Navy that transferred two to the United States Navy.
War service
After working up in Bermuda, Lévis joined escort group EG 27 at Halifax, Nova Scotia in September. She remained with this unit until June 1945 performing anti-submarine patrols and convoy escort duty. It was during this period that she fought in the Battle of the St. Lawrence. On 4 June 1945 Lévis began a tropicalization refit at Lunenburg in preparation for service in the southern Pacific Ocean. The refit was completed on 26 November and she sailed for the west coast. Lévis arrived at Esquimalt, British Columbia on 30 January 1946 and was paid off there on 21 February. She was sold to Capital Iron & Metals Ltd. of Victoria, British Columbia in 1947. Her hull was stripped and she was sunk as a breakwater in Oyster Bay, British Columbia in 1948.
References
Notes
References
Macpherson, Ken; Burgess, John. The ships of Canada's naval forces 1910–1981 : a complete pictorial history of Canadian warships. Collins: Toronto, 1981.
River-class frigates of the Royal Canadian Navy
1943 ships
Live and Acoustic is a live album and first CD release from Ray Wilson. It was originally released as Unplugged in late 2001 via his website, but was reissued in 2002 as Live and Acoustic by InsideOut Music. It was recorded in August 2001 during the Edinburgh Fringe Festival for which Wilson played 13 sold out shows.
This was technically the first release by Wilson under his own name following the release of Millionairhead in 1999 by his band, Cut_.
Track listing
"In the Air Tonight" (Phil Collins)
"Inside" (Peter Lawlor)
"Rest in Peace" (Lawlor)
"Shipwrecked" (Tony Banks, Mike Rutherford)
"Not About Us" (Banks, Rutherford, Ray Wilson)
"Another Day" (Wilson)
"Sarah" (Wilson)
"Gypsy" (Wilson)
"Swing Your Bag" (Wilson)
"Always in My Heart" (Wilson)
"Lover's Leap" (Taken from "Supper's Ready") (Banks, Collins, Peter Gabriel, Steve Hackett, Rutherford)
"The Carpet Crawlers" (Banks, Collins, Gabriel, Hackett, Rutherford)
"Biko" (Gabriel)
"Mama" (Banks, Collins, Rutherford)
"Forever Young" (Bob Dylan)
"Desperado" (Glenn Frey, Don Henley)
"Born to Run" (Bruce Springsteen)
"The Airport Song" (Wilson)
Personnel
Ray Wilson - vocals, acoustic guitars
Amanda Lyon - vocals, keyboards
Steve Wilson - guitars, vocals
Ray Wilson (musician) albums
2002 live albums
Inside Out Music live albums
Greenfeld is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It is located in the rural municipality of Laird No. 404, Saskatchewan.
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Hamlets of Saskatchewan
Footnotes
Unincorporated communities in Saskatchewan
Laird No. 404, Saskatchewan
Division No. 15, Saskatchewan
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, commonly known as Flamengo, is a professional women's association football club based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Founded in 1995, the team is affiliated with FFERJ and play their home games at Estádio da Gávea. The team colors, reflected in their logo and uniform, are red and black. They play in the top tier of women's football in Brazil, the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino, and in the Campeonato Carioca de Futebol Feminino, the first division of the traditional in-state competition. Their players belong to the Brazilian Navy, which has formed a partnership with the team in 2015.
History
Players
Current roster
Former players
For details of current and former players, see :Category:Clube de Regatas do Flamengo (women) players.
Honours
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A1
Winners: 2016
Campeonato Carioca
Winners: 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019
References
External links
Association football clubs established in 1997
Women's football clubs in Brazil
1997 establishments in Brazil
Women
William Obadiah Baizley (May 25, 1917 – May 3, 2000) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1959 to 1969, and served as a cabinet minister in the governments of Dufferin Roblin and Walter Weir.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, the son of William Daniel Baizley and Esther May Tanner, Baizley was educated at Glenlawn Collegiate in St. Vital, Manitoba and the Lincoln Chiropractic College in Indiana. He returned to Manitoba in 1937 and worked as a chiropractor, also serving as president of the Manitoba Chiropractors' Association before entering political life. During World War II, he was a member of the Royal Canadian Air Force. In 1939, he married Jessie Anne MacDonald.
He was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1959 provincial election, unexpectedly defeating CCF leader Lloyd Stinson by 326 votes in the south-central Winnipeg riding of Osborne. He served as a backbench supporter of Roblin's government for the next four years.
Re-elected without difficulty in the 1962 provincial election, Baizley was appointed to cabinet on February 27, 1963 as Minister of Labour. He held this position until September 24, 1968, when he was named Minister of Municipal Affairs. He endorsed Walter Weir to succeed Roblin as Progressive Conservative leader in 1967.
Baizley was re-elected easily in the 1966 election, but lost to Ian Turnbull of the Manitoba New Democratic Party by 623 votes in 1969. He did not seek a return to office after this time.
During the 1970s, Baizley was chair of the Manitoba Labour Board. He also served as president of Riverview United Church.
He died at the Meadowood Manor Personal Care Home in Winnipeg at the age of 82.
References
1917 births
2000 deaths
Canadian chiropractors
Labor ministers
Members of the Executive Council of Manitoba
Members of the United Church of Canada
Politicians from Montreal
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba MLAs
Smart Bomb is the debut EP by Canadian rock band Thrush Hermit, released in 1994 on Murderecords.
Track listing
Hated It
French Inhale
All Dressed Up
Pink Is the Colour
Cott
You Got an Answer
Radio Blaster
1994 debut EPs
Thrush Hermit albums
Murderecords albums
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Murray County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Murray County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 8 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including one National Historic Landmark.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Murray County
Otto Bülte (4 September 1886 – after 1914), nicknamed Otte, was a German footballer who played for Eintracht Braunschweig and BFC Preussen. He was also capped once for the German national team, in a friendly against the Netherlands.
Notes
References
External links
1886 births
Year of death missing
People from Wolfenbüttel (district)
Footballers from Lower Saxony
People from the Duchy of Brunswick
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Association football midfielders
BFC Preussen players
Eintracht Braunschweig players
The 2007 Banka Koper Slovenia Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 3rd edition of the Banka Koper Slovenia Open, and was part of the WTA Tier IV tournaments of the 2007 WTA Tour. It was held in Portorož, Slovenia, from September 17 through September 23, 2007.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
* per team
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Polona Hercog
Andreja Klepač
Maša Zec Peškirič
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Nika Ožegović
Magdaléna Rybáriková
Nathalie Viérin
Ana Vrljić
The following players received entries as lucky losers:
Renata Voráčová
Retirements
Alona Bondarenko
Ahsha Rolle (right knee sprain)
Alina Jidkova (dizziness)
Nicole Vaidišová (right wrist injury)
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Jasmina Kajtazovič / Tina Obrež
Retirements
Ivana Lisjak ''(Right elbow injury)
Champions
Singles
Tatiana Golovin def. Katarina Srebotnik, 2–6, 6–4, 6–4
Doubles
Lucie Hradecká / Renata Voráčová def. Andreja Klepač / Elena Likhovtseva, 5–7, 6–4, 10–7
References
External links
Singles and Doubles Main Draw
Banka Koper Slovenia Open
Banka Koper Slovenia Open
2007 in Slovenian tennis
The Télé Tchad is the national broadcaster of the Central African state of Chad. Télé Tchad broadcasts in Arabic and French. It primarily broadcasts news, educational programming, cultural and religious programming, and local sport.
History
Télé Tchad began broadcasting on December 10, 1987. Upon its debut, the channel only broadcast four days a week (Thursday through Sunday) and only broadcast in and around N'Djamena through a tower in the Goudji neighborhood. Originally, the station used journalists and personalities from Chadian radio, including Malla Woulou Yakéma, Topono Celestin, and Aldom Nadji Tito. In its early years, the broadcaster received technical support and supplies from West Germany and from Télédiffusion de France.
When Idriss Déby took power in Chad in 1990, he put the broadcaster under the control of the Ministry of Information.
In 2008 the broadcaster expanded, including stations in Mongo, Borkou, Doba, Biltine and Tibesti as well as a satellite service that was able to broadcast to the Chadian diaspora in Europe, North Africa and elsewhere.
In 2012, the broadcaster had a new headquarters built on Avenue Charles de Gaulle in N'Djamena at the cost of 19 billion CFA francs. The building, which houses both Tele Tchad and Radiodiffusion Nationale Tchadienne, is 70 meters tall and includes the broadcast tower.
Controversies
Due to the ongoing human rights situation in Chad, the national broadcaster is seen as favoring the government. Reporters Without Borders frequently lists Chad near the bottom of its list of World Press Freedom rankings, due to "Violence, arbitrary arrest and cyber-censorship for journalists in Chad".
See also
Media of Chad
Telecommunications in Chad
References
External links
La Télé-Tchad, la chouchou de Deby
Lyngsat Address
Television networks
Publicly funded broadcasters
Television stations in Chad
Television channels and stations established in 1975
State media
RailUSA is an American holding company that owns two railroads in Florida.
History
RailUSA was founded in October 2018 by private equity firm Equity Group Investments purchasing Grenada Railroad from Iowa Pacific followed in 2019 by the Florida Gulf & Atlantic Railroad from CSX. In April 2022, RailUSA was purchased by Macquarie Infrastructure Partners.
References
United States railroad holding companies
Companies based in Boca Raton, Florida
American companies established in 2018
Railway companies established in 2018
2018 establishments in Florida
2021 mergers and acquisitions
Private equity portfolio companies
Privately held companies based in Florida
Sutton is a village and civil parish near Dover in Kent, England. In 1935 this village became a parish when the small settlements of Studdal, Sutton, Ashley, Little Mongeham and Maydensole joined to become the Parish of Sutton-by-Dover. Prior to this Sutton has had a vast history of agricultural practices, which has helped sustain the village into the parish it is today. The quoted population includes the villages of East and West Studdal plus Swingate and the hamlet of Little Mongeham.
Leisure and Recreation
The parish of Sutton has various recreational areas scattered throughout its settlements. For example, there is a sports field located on the north side of Downs Road, which consists of a large field divided into a children's playground area, and containing both a BMX track and a games pitch. The allotments and community orchard, which are situated north of Chapel Lane and accessible via a path along the roadside, have been planted with traditional English apples trees, and maintained by the parish council. The parish is also home to a number of footpaths and trails, including the North Downs Way, along with a number of picnic areas such as Jack's Bush. The latter, situated at the peak of Downs Road, has extensive views across the Downs and Pegwell Bay.
Settlements within the Parish
Ashley
Containing the only pub in the parish, the small settlement of Ashley contains a mixture of building styles, dating predominantly from the 1940s. Ashley's older properties are clustered in the centre of the hamlet at the intersection of the roads and paths, with one of the oldest of these being a thatched cottage. Expanding outwards from the centre, the development has grown along Waldershare Road to the West and Chapel Lane to the east, which is the main road running through this settlement.
The buildings along "Waldershare Road consist mainly of detached bungalows, which are built on both sides of the road". "The facade of the road comprises hedge and brick walls, with all the houses being located further back from the road, behind small front gardens". In comparison, the houses which run along "Chapel Lane are detached modern bungalows, which are divided with two short terraces dating from the early 1900s". In comparison to "Waldershare Road, development has only occurred on one side of the road".
Maydensole and Napchester
The small hamlets of Maydensole and Napchester were founded around the farms after which they are named. Great Napchester Farm, founded before 1583, was altered many times in the 18th and 19th century, and is now a residential farm in a rural setting. Maydensole Farm was altered and extended to its present size in 1790; there have been minimal alterations since then.
Studdal
East Studdal, which has developed around the junction of Skraters Hill, Downs Road, Stoenheap Road and Homestead lane, lies in the centre of the parish and contains a community centre, playground, sports field, church hall and a small shop. Over the years, East Studdal has expanded slowly. Small developments were constructed for specific purposes, such as colliery or council houses. There is little litter, graffiti or vandalism. The building materials vary throughout the settlement, from stock bricks, red and brown clay and pebble dash, to textured concrete tiles and slates for roofs.
Stoneheap Road consists of individually designed residences, ranging from barn conversions to small bungalows. Houses along Dowsn Road are semi-detached and were built in the 1930s for colliery workers. Homestead Lane, the oldest part of the settlement, contains mostlyl stock brick dwellings.
Little Mongeham
The small hamlet of Little Mongeham contains sixteen houses on approximately 1000 acres of land. Once containing a parish church which was lost to ruin in the 18th century, the hamlet still contains a number of historic landmarks, such as Little Mongeham House, a striking brick built dwelling, topped by an unusual viaduct-style abutment between its chimney stacks. In comparison, Manor Farm has a Kent peg roof and is half clad in hanging clay tiles. Away from the cluster of older dwellings there are several modern bungalows, some of which are chalet style, which have been built from yellow stock bricks, with roofs composed mainly of slate or in some cases red clay titles.
Demographics
Population
Since data collection began in 1801, population figures remained very similar between this year and 1931, whereby up until then there have been minimal increases and decreases in total population. In 1801 the total population stood at 134 (65 males and 69 females) and after a century, these figures fluctuated very little, whereby in 1931 the total population was 212 with there being an even split of males and females. Over the duration of 130 years the total population increased by only 78, averaging an increase 0.6 people per year. However, between 1931 and 1951 the total population increased significantly, whereby over a 20-year period 511 people had moved into this area, which when compared to the statistical data from previous years is a substantial gain, which fails to fit the norm.
Occupational Structure
The occupational structure of Sutton in 1881 illustrates a clear distinct variation between the individual job categories, depending upon the gender of the worker. The 1881 census data shows that a vast majority of the male workers during this time primarily worked in the agricultural industry, specifically given the time period, as farmers. By looking at the graph, you are able to identify a clear relationship between the topography of the surrounding environment and the industries which exist here. For example, one of the reasons agriculture exists here is due to the fact that Sutton is situated in Kent, which predominantly contains flat land, making agriculture a viable line of work. This is due to the fact that "arable farming, the growth of crops such as wheat and barley", is best suited to the topography of this area. The flat land allows for seeds to be "easily sown into the soil allowing for greater growth and improved crop yields, consequently meaning harvesting would also be more efficient and successful".Furthermore, gender inequality also exists here, regarding the number of females working in this industry, as zero females were reportedly employed in this sector, compared to the 33 males which were. One reason for this was that in the 19th century, gender roles, which are structured around femininity and masculinity, were conceptions of what society deemed acceptable. As a result, gender inequality existed here, in that the role of a male in society was to provide for their family, typically engaging in work involving manual labour; whereas the role of a woman was oriented to the home, raising children and caring for the family. Evidence of this can be seen in the graph, as 86% of women in the village are in unknown occupations. The second most common occupation for women here are domestic services with four females working in this sector, suggesting that women worked as carers or nannies.
Parish history
For many years, farmers have been attracted to Sutton because of the light and easily tilled chalky soils. The Royal Commission on the Historic Monuments of England have identified crop marks, tracks and ditches dating from the Iron Age to the Roman period. In the following centuries, farmsteads developed across the parish, many of which still exist".
St Peter and St Paul's Church
St Peter and St Paul's is located along East Sutton Road and is in the far North East of Deanery, bordering on the parishes of the North Downs Deanery to the North, Sutton Valence to the West and Headcorn to the South. The church, which has been standing for 800 years, is the key feature of this small village, with services held every day from the Book of Common Prayer. Built in 1120 AD, the church was of vital importance to the local community. During the 9th century of King Alfred's reign in England, upon defeating the Vikings, he set about creating a new system of Christian learning that would reach illiterate people living in rural areas. The effects began to show in the 10th century, when Lords began to provide small chapels on their land where local people could use the services of a priest, laying the groundwork for the parish system". However, it was the Norman Conquest that ultimately defined the power of the church in England, whereby William the Conqueror implemented a country wide building project, encouraging the building of churches in all major towns and villages. This movement lead to the creation of the church in Sutton, which played a key role in community life, acting as a school, a market and an entertainment venue.
Today, the church still plays a vital role within the community. Keeping in touch with the community spirit, the church offers services for both local people and families, whereby on every third Sunday of the month, occasions such as Father's Day are celebrated. Furthermore, the church supports local and international charities, such as Family Care, Christian Aid and USPG, carrying out fundraising activities such as sponsored cycle rides and summer parties.
Transport
Sutton lies in close proximity to two railway stations, Martin Mill and Walmer, both approximately 2.8 miles away. The stations situated along the South Eastern Railway Line, provide links to surrounding towns such as Dover, and Canterbury as well as the Capital City, London.
Due to Sutton's remote location, the nearest major road is the A256, located 11 miles west of Sutton. This road which precedes to link to the A2 further south can be accessed by Forge Lane or Downs Road. The A2, which is located 8.8 miles south of Sutton, provides direct access between Dover and London, spanning across Kent from east to west. Upon reaching the town of Boughton, the A road transforms into the M2, which is then used to reach London for a significant distance of the journey, whereby upon reaching the outskirts of London, it transforms back into the A2.
References
External links
Villages in Kent
Dover District
Civil parishes in Kent
The article lists about the broadcasting rights for UEFA Euro 2000.
Broadcasters
UEFA
Rest of the world
References
UEFA Euro 2000
2000
Rudolf Ray (April 13, 1891 – May 1984) was a prolific expressionist painter who worked and exhibited in Austria, France, the United States, Mexico, India and Britain.
Born Rudolf Rapaport in Latvia, he later used the name Rudolf Ray. He trained in Vienna, where his work was praised by Oskar Kokoschka and the city's art critics. He arrived in New York City in 1942. From 1958 to 1960 he lived in Almora, India, and from 1960 to 1974 he lived in Mexico, died in London.
In 1927 he married Vienna-born painter Katharina Zirner, who died in childbirth in Kathmandu later that year. Their son, Martin, died aged 17 in Vienna in 1944. In the 1960s Rudolf lived in Tepotzlan, Mexico, with his wife Joyce.
Exhibitions
1934 Galerie Neumann und Salzer, Vienna
1936 Maski Gallery, Tel Aviv
1944 Peggy Guggenheim, The Art of This Century gallery, New York
1944 – 1955 Willard Gallery, New York
1955 Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington
1956 Jehangir Gallery, Bombay
1959 All India Fine Arts and Crafts Society, New Delhi
1961 Antonio Souza Gallery, Mexico City
1962 Grand Central Moderns Gallery, New York
1966 Austrian Culture Institute, New York
1969 Palacio de Bellas Artes, Mexico City
1970 Retrospective, Vienna Secession, Vienna
2019 Retrospective, Suppan Fine Arts, Vienna
Public Collections
Peggy Guggenheim Collection, Venedig
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
MUMOK Museum, Vienna
Harvard Art Museums, Fogg Art Museum, Boston
Albertina Museum, Vienna
Tel Aviv Museum, Tel Aviv
Belvedere Museum, Vienna
Philadelphia Museum of Art, Philadelphia
References
Martin Suppan: Rudolf Ray (1891-1984) - Maler zwischen Welten. Monograph. Galerie & Edition Suppan Fine Arts, Vienna, 2019
(Online)
Pollatschek, Stefan Der Maler Rudolf Rapaport : das Überwirkliche im Porträt ; eine Studie Wiener Buchund Kunstverlag, Vienna, 1933
Greenberg, Clement 'The Crisis of the Easel Picture' in Art and Culture Critical Essays Beacon Press, 1961
Ray, Rudolf Fragment einer Ausstellung Wiener Secession, Vienna, 1970
O.K. Joshee, "Rudolf Ray - The American Painter who in discovering India discovered the "Self", NAV-YUG August 15, 1977 pg 4 (Hindi paper published in NY)
External links
'Pictures of the Soul', Time Monday April 18, 1955
Austria's Forgotten Women Painters
'The Works of Ili Kronstein' Jewish Museum Vienna
''Ancestors and Family Connections for the ZWIEBACK Family Name'
1891 births
1984 deaths
20th-century Latvian painters
The Touro Synagogue or Congregation Jeshuat Israel () is a synagogue built in 1763 in Newport, Rhode Island. It is the oldest synagogue building still standing in the United States, the only surviving synagogue building in the U.S. dating to the colonial era, and the oldest surviving Jewish synagogue building in North America. In 1946, it was declared a National Historic Site.
The first congregation was made up of Sephardic Jews, who are believed to have come via the West Indies, where they participated in the triangular trade along with Dutch and English settlements. They practiced a Spanish and Portuguese Jewish liturgy and ritual. In the late eighteenth century, when warfare threatened, the congregation transferred the deed and Torah scrolls to Congregation Shearith Israel in New York for safekeeping. Since the late 19th century, the congregants have been primarily Ashkenazi.
In 2012 the two congregations went to court to try to resolve which owned the synagogue and its contents, as the Newport congregation wanted to sell some items to raise money for restoration of the building. In 2017 the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit ruled that the New York congregation owned it; as the US Supreme Court declined to hear the case, this ruling stands.
History
Touro Synagogue was designed by Peter Harrison, a noted British architect and Rhode Island resident. It is considered his most notable work. The interior is flanked by a series of twelve Ionic columns supporting balconies, which signify the twelve tribes of ancient Israel, and each column is carved from a single tree. The building is oriented to face east toward Jerusalem. The ark containing the Torah is on the east wall; above it is a mural representing the Ten Commandments in Hebrew, which was painted by Newport artist Benjamin Howland.
The Touro Synagogue was built from 1759 to 1763 for the Jeshuat Israel congregation in Newport under the leadership of Cantor (Chazzan) Isaac Touro. The cornerstone was laid by Aaron Lopez, a Newport-based philanthropist for Jewish causes who primarily made his fortune through the trading of candles and slaves (Lopez personally financed 30 slave voyages and enslaved almost a thousand Africans), in addition to being involved in the spermaceti candlemaking business and other commercial ventures. The Jeshuat Israel congregation dates to 1658, when 15 Spanish and Portuguese Jewish families arrived, probably from the Dutch or British West Indies. Many settled near Easton's Point. The synagogue was formally dedicated 2 December 1763. Other notable leaders include Abraham Pereira Mendes and Henry Samuel Morais (1900–01).
Judah Touro, the son of Isaac Touro and his wife Reyna, made a fortune as a merchant in New Orleans. He left $10,000 ($ in current dollar terms) in his will for the upkeep of the Jewish cemetery and synagogue in Newport.
In 1946, Touro Synagogue was designated as a National Historic Site, and it is an affiliated area of the National Park Service. The synagogue was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1966. In 2001, the congregation joined into a partnership with the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
The Touro Synagogue is located at 85 Touro Street and remains an active Orthodox synagogue. The building underwent a restoration in 2005–2006, and a recreation of the original dedication ceremony was conducted in 2013 in honor of the 250th anniversary.
Annual recitation of the Washington–Seixas letter on religious pluralism
On August 17, 1790, the day that President George Washington visited Newport, the synagogue's warden, Moses Seixas, wrote to Washington, expressing the support of the Congregation for Washington's administration and good wishes for him.
Washington sent a letter on August 21 in response, which read in part:
The Touro congregation annually reads President Washington's letter on religious pluralism and celebrates the occasion with invited speakers. They have included Supreme Court justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Elena Kagan; and Brown University presidents Ruth Simmons and Christina Paxson.
Congregation
The congregation at Newport, never large, was initially composed of Jews with roots in the Sephardic Spanish and Portuguese diaspora, and by the eighteenth century, with some Ashkenazim.
The first Jewish residents of Newport, fifteen Spanish Jewish families, arrived in 1658. It is presumed that they arrived via the communities in Curaçao, home to the oldest active Jewish congregation in the Americas, dating to 1651, and Suriname. The small community worshiped in rooms in private homes for more than a century before they could afford to build a synagogue.
The community purchased and dedicated the Jewish Cemetery at Newport in 1677.
In the late 1700s, the Jewish community removed the Torah scrolls and sent them for safekeeping, along with the deed to the building, to Congregation Shearith Israel in New York. The keys left the Jewish community and were passed to the Goulds, a Quaker family in Newport.
From the 1850s on, the building was occasionally opened for worship for the convenience of summer visitors. It was reopened on a regular basis in 1883 as Jewish life in Newport revived with the late nineteenth century immigration of eastern European Jews (Ashkenazim). The synagogue acquired a nearby building and ran a Hebrew school and other activities. It continues to serve as a thriving congregation with many year-round programs.
Although the congregation has been predominantly Ashkenazi for a century, it is constitutionally obliged to use the "Sephardic ritual.” It therefore uses the ArtScroll Nusach Sefard prayer book; once a year representatives of the New York Congregation Shearith Israel visit and hold a service in the Spanish and Portuguese style.
Rabbi Dr. Marc Mandel became the rabbi in July 2012. , the congregation consists of about 175 families.
Restoration
During 2005 and 2006, Touro Synagogue invested in a restoration project for its valued antique metal artifacts. In total, 150 metal objects, from eighteenth century hardware to European chandeliers and silver rimonim (ceremonial bells used on the Torah), needed to be rebuilt, have their surfaces stabilized, and have missing parts replaced. The project was carried out by the Newport-based restoration company Newmans Ltd.
Ownership controversy
Conflict over the ownership of the Touro building and its contents surfaced in 2012. Newport's Congregation Jeshuat Israel put up for sale ceremonial bells, called rimonim, to the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, for $7.4 million. New York's Congregation Shearith Israel sued the Newport congregation, saying that Shearith Israel owns the Touro synagogue building and its contents, based on the 18th century transfer of deed. They wanted to evict the Newport congregation from the Touro building and site. In April 2015 both sides of the dispute said several attempts at mediation had failed and they were preparing for trial.
In May 2016 a federal judge ruled on the matter, rejecting Congregation Shearith Israel's claim to oversight. U.S. District Judge John J. McConnell, Jr. noted that "for at least the past 20 years, Shearith Israel has not taken any meaningful action in its capacity as trustee for the Touro Synagogue and lands." In June 2016 Congregation Shearith Israel announced it would appeal the decision. Congregation Shearith Israel was awarded ownership on August 2, 2017 by the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit in Boston.
On March 18, 2019, the United States Supreme Court declined to take up the case; thus, the lower court ruling that Congregation Shearith Israel owns Touro stands.
Images
See also
Touro Cemetery
Touro Synagogue (New Orleans)
Kahal Kadosh Beth Elohim
Partners for Sacred Places
Oldest synagogues in the United States
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newport County, Rhode Island
Slavery in Rhode Island
Notes
References
External links
Touro Synagogue Official Website
Touro Synagogue National Historic Site (National Park Service profile)
Washington's and Seixas' letters
Loeb Visitors Center (Starting point for tours of Touro Synagogue)
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1763
Religious organizations established in 1763
Jewish-American history
Spanish and Portuguese Jews
Synagogues in Rhode Island
Buildings and structures in Newport, Rhode Island
Sephardi Jews topics
Synagogues on the National Register of Historic Places in Rhode Island
Museums in Newport, Rhode Island
Jewish museums in the United States
18th-century synagogues
Religious museums in Rhode Island
Synagogues preserved as museums
Portuguese-American culture in Rhode Island
Portuguese-Jewish culture in the United States
Sephardi Jewish culture in the United States
Spanish-American culture in Rhode Island
Spanish-Jewish culture in the United States
Historic American Buildings Survey in Rhode Island
National Register of Historic Places in Newport, Rhode Island
1763 establishments in Rhode Island
Historic district contributing properties in Rhode Island
Sephardi synagogues
Kemar Andre Jamal Roach (born 30 June 1988) is a Barbadian international cricketer who plays for the West Indies. He played in the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka and has represented the West Indies in Test and One Day International cricket.
Roach made his Test debut in 2009 against Bangladesh when the West Indies team was weakened due to a player strike, and impressed with his bowling so that he was given an opportunity to play when the team returned to its full strength. A fast bowler, Roach is capable of express speeds and has reached on a number of occasions, and was the 7th fastest active bowler as of 3 January 2015. In 2012 he became the first West Indies bowler to take 10 wickets in a Test since 2005.
International career
Early representation
On 7 June 2008, Roach was selected in the West Indies Test squad to face Australia in the third Test. At the time he had played in only four first-class matches. He was not picked for the final team and said "I know that when a Test match comes around, they sometimes draft in players in the island where the match is, but I wasn't expecting to be in the squad. I'm quite happy to be there. If selected, I want to put in a good performance". Roach made his international debut on 20 June 2008 in a Twenty20 international against Australia; it was also the first senior Twenty20 match he had played in. He finished with the best bowling figures in the match of 2/29 from three overs, claiming the scalps of Shaun Marsh and Luke Ronchi as the West Indies won by seven wickets. Roach was drafted into the squad for the last two ODIs against Australia in July 2008 after Australia won the first three games and sealed a series victory.
Roach did not play in the last two matches of the series against Australia and had to wait until the triangular series with Bermuda and Canada to make his debut. On 20 August 2008 Roach – along with fellow debutants Leon Johnson and Brendan Nash – made his first appearance for the West Indies in a One Day International. He finished with figures of 10–1–29–2 as the West Indies beat Bermuda by six wickets. His first wicket was that of Steven Outerbridge and his second was the Bermuda captain, Irving Romaine. He played in the second match of the series, taking 1/49 from eight overs against Canada as the West Indies won by 49 runs but did not play in the final against Canada which the West Indies won.
On 1 November 2008, the ODI squad to tour Pakistan was announced, with Roach as one of the members. John Dyson, the West Indies coach, said that Roach was expected to put the more experienced and established bowlers such as Fidel Edwards and Jerome Taylor under pressure for a place in the team. On the same day, it was announced that Roach was one of four players – along with Lionel Baker, Leon Johnson, and Brendan Nash – without a Test cap to be named in the 15-man squad selected to tour New Zealand for a Test series.
Breakthrough
Roach made his Test debut on 9 July 2009. He was part of an understrength team fielded by the West Indies against Bangladesh; in the 15-man squad, there were nine uncapped players and in the Test seven West Indies players made their debut. The side was captained by Floyd Reifer who had played the last of his four Tests ten years earlier. The first XI had made themselves unavailable due to a pay dispute with the West Indies Cricket Board. His first Test wicket was that of all-rounder Shakib Al Hasan. Although Bangladesh won by 95 runs, Roach helped put pressure on the Bangladesh batsmen through a combination of yorkers and swinging deliveries, although he bowled slightly wide to the left-handers. Reifer praised Roach's efforts, saying "The first time I saw him as an under-19 bowler, I always thought he was going to play for West Indies. He does a lot, especially with the old ball, getting it to move in and out and he performed very well this morning, bowling decent lengths and lines". Although Bangladesh won the second Test to take the series 2–0, Roach again bowled with pace and aggression, unsettling the Bangladesh batsmen. Varying his length and exploiting the Bangladesh batsmen's weakness against short bowling – even hitting Raqibul Hasan on the elbow with one delivery – Roach proceeded to take career-best figures of 6/48 in the first innings. With 13 wickets to his name, Roach finished as West Indies' leading wicket-taker from the series. Although Bangladesh won the three-match ODI series that followed 3–0, Roach was leading wicket-taker for the series, with 10 wickets at an average of 16.20; in the first of the ODIs he took his maiden five-wicket haul in one day matches (5/44), beating his previous best figures of 2/29. In the second ODI, Roach was fined 10% of his match fee for bowling two beamers. The core of the same squad was retained for September's 2009 ICC Champions Trophy. Roach played in two of West Indies' three matches, as they exited the tournament in the first round, and took three wickets at 33.33.
Shortly before West Indies embarked on a tour of Australia in November to December 2009; senior players such as Chris Gayle and Shivnarine Chanderpaul returned to the squad, but Roach had sufficiently impressed selectors during the dispute that he retained his place. The West Indies lost the first Test in three days; Adrian Barath's century on debut and Roach's bowling performance were the main positives for the West Indies; in the opinion of former Australia captain Ian Chappell, Roach's bowling was "exceptionally good" but he lacked support from more senior bowlers. Although the West Indies drew the second Test, Roach (who was regularly bowling over ) and Dwayne Bravo took the West Indies close to levelling the series on the final day of the match. Australia's captain, Ricky Ponting, commended Roach for his control and accuracy and said "Someone who is pretty short at that pace can get the ball to skid onto you pretty quickly off the wicket with not much bounce. We've played him pretty well here [in Adelaide]. The ball reverse-swung for them in both innings. He's a handful, there's no doubt about that. He's someone who could play a fair bit of Test cricket for them in the future." It was the opinion of Tony Cozier that in the absence of experienced fast bowlers Jerome Taylor and Fidel Edwards, Roach was the leader of the bowling attack in Australia. Roach, who was fastest of the West Indies' bowling line-up, troubled the Australian batsmen with his pace through the series, and a rivalry emerged between Roach and Ponting. In the first innings of the third and final Test, Roach struck Ponting on the elbow, who was forced to retire hurt. However, he was forced to bowl into the wind, which surprised Australian batsmen Shane Watson as it reduced Roach's pace.
Roach was one of the most sought-after players at the 2010 IPL auctions along with Kieron Pollard and Shane Bond. He was involved in a tug-of-war as both Chennai Super Kings and Deccan Chargers were fiercely bidding on him. Finally the latter managed to get him for a fee of US$720,000 as the Super Kings had another slot to fill and could not go beyond US$700,000. He played just two matches for the Chargers in the 2010 season, against Mumbai Indians and Kolkata Knight Riders
The West Indies hosted the 2010 ICC World Twenty20 in April and May. West Indies exited the competition in the first round; Roach played in three of the team's matches, and was West Indies' second highest wicket-taker (5 wickets at an average of 15.40) behind Darren Sammy. After the tournament South Africa remained in the West Indies for their tour of the region in June 2010. South Africa won the three-match Test series 2–0; Roach played in two matches, taking 6 wickets at an average of 31. In the third Test, Roach was involved in an incident with Jacques Kallis; he "repeatedly walked up to and exchanged words with the batsman after testing him with a series of bouncers". As a result, Roach was fined 50% of his match fee.
Roach was part of the West Indies squad which toured Sri Lanka in November and December 2010. Senior bowlers Jerome Taylor and Fidel Edwards were absent, leaving Roach as the head of the attack. In the lead up, he attempted to develop his use of swing to cope with Sri Lankan pitches traditionally unhelpful to fast bowlers. Roach remarked "I still have a little bit of work to do on my lengths, but I'm satisfied with what I got out of the camp". Roach's performance in the Tests, finishing as the West Indies lead wicket-taker with 10 wickets at an average of 24.50 for which he was named Man of the Series, was highlighted by Sammy, the team's captain, as one of the best performances of the drawn series.
In February 2011 Bangladesh, India, and Sri Lanka hosted the 50-over World Cup. In the West Indies' second game of the tournament, Roach became the sixth bowler to have claimed a hat-trick in a World Cup. He dismissed Pieter Seelaar, Bernard Loots, and Berend Westdijk for his hat-trick and went on to claim 6/27, the fourth-best bowling figures by a West Indies player in ODIs. He was the West Indies' leading wicket-taker in the tournament with 13 wickets from 6 matches. Roach played just four Tests in 2011, and took seven wickets at a cost of over 50 runs each. Five players bowled more overs in Tests for the West Indies, and each took more wickets and had a better bowling average; four of them took more than 30 wickets. Despite not regularly featuring in the Test side, Roach finished the year as the team's leading wicket-taker in ODIs with 30 dismissals from 23 matches at an average of 31.16. Roach signed a contract in August 2011 to represent Worcestershire in English domestic cricket. At the time the club was struggling to avoid relegation from the first division of the County Championship, the first-class competition, and in the final game of the season managed to ensure they stayed up. According to Roach Worcestershire's seam bowler Alan Richardson helped him learn how to bowl in English conditions, and took 14 first-class wickets at an average of 39.28.
Australia embarked on a tour of the West Indies in March 2012. In the second match of the three-Test series Roach completed his first ten-wicket haul, thereby becoming the first bowler to take ten wickets in a match for the West Indies since Corey Collymore in 2005; the last West Indian player to achieve the feat against Australia was Curtly Ambrose in 1993. Though the West Indies lost 2–0, Roach's 19 wickets for the series was the most for either side. When the West Indies toured England in May and June 2012, Roach struggled with bowling no balls. In the first Test at Lord's he bowled 18 of them, and in the next match he twice had Alastair Cook caught off a no ball. However, Jonny Bairstow struggled against Roach's bowling, in particular short-pitched bowling, and sustained several blows on the body before falling to Roach.
Later career
In October 2018, Cricket West Indies (CWI) awarded him a contract across all formats of cricket for the 2018–19 season. The following month, in the second Test against Bangladesh, Roach played in his 50th Test match.
In April 2019, he was named in the West Indies' squad for the 2019 Cricket World Cup. In June 2020, Roach was named in the West Indies' Test squad, for their series against England. The Test series was originally scheduled to start in May 2020, but was moved back to July 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In the third Test, Roach took his 200th wicket in Test cricket.
In 2021, Roach signed for Surrey County Cricket Club, joining up with the squad following the Sobers–Tissera trophy. In June 2022, in the second match against Bangladesh, Roach took his 250th wicket in Test cricket.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Saint Lucy, Barbados
Barbadian cricketers
West Indies Test cricketers
West Indies One Day International cricketers
West Indies Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers at the 2011 Cricket World Cup
Cricketers at the 2015 Cricket World Cup
Cricketers at the 2019 Cricket World Cup
One Day International hat-trick takers
Antigua Hawksbills cricketers
Barbados cricketers
Brisbane Heat cricketers
Deccan Chargers cricketers
Jamaica Tallawahs cricketers
Saint Lucia Kings cricketers
Surrey cricketers
Worcestershire cricketers
The Peugeot Type 81 was a fairly large car, and with among the largest units of any contemporary Peugeot model, a correspondingly large production effort of the time. Available as a closed top limousine or a double phaeton, 251 Type 81s were built during 1906. The engine was a 2.2 L straight-4 which produced 15 hp at 1400 rpm.
References
Histomobile on Type 81
Peugeot Car Models from 1889 to 1909
Type 81
1900s cars
Vehicles introduced in 1906
Sinkolo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 296 square kilometers and includes 9 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 11,470. The village of Sinkolo, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 35 km south-southwest of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Špaček () is a quite common Czech surname (the feminine form is Špačková). It may be spelled without diacritics as Spacek. In Czech it means 'starling' (a bird) or 'cigarette butt'.
People
Among people named Špaček are:
Daniel Špaček, Czech hockey player
Jaroslav Špaček, Czech ice hockey player
Josef Špaček Czechoslovak communist reformer; helped create the Prague Spring of 1968
Otto Spacek, Czech World War II veteran
Radim Špaček, Czech film director
Sissy Spacek, American actress
Steve Spacek, musician
Other uses
Spacek may also refer to:
Spacek s.r.o. of Hodonín, Czech Republic, the company behind the minimalist Spacek SD-1 Minisport aircraft.
Spacek (band), a British electronic music band.
Ulrika Spacek, a British musical group
Spatzek
(born 1959), Austrian actress
(born 1956), Austrian actor
Czech words and phrases
Czech-language surnames
cs:Špaček
Beinn a' Chearcaill (725 m) is a mountain in the Torridon Hills of northwest Scotland. It lies south of Loch Maree in Wester Ross.
The peak has very steep slopes to the south and west, making it an excellent viewpoint for its illustrious Torridon neighbors such as Liathach and Beinn Eighe. Climbs usually start from its northern side.
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Grahams
Mountains and hills of the Northwest Highlands
Matthew Thomas Davies (born 7 February 1995) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Malaysia Super League club Johor Darul Ta'zim and the Malaysia national team. He started his professional career with Perth Glory at 18 years old. After playing for two seasons at Perth Glory Davies went on to Sri Pahang in 2015 in the Malaysia Super League, after his first season Davies was given captaincy for Sri Pahang at age 21 years old, making him the youngest captain ever for Sri Pahang and the first half Malaysian to become captain in the Malaysia Super League.
Davies has also made several appearances for the Malaysian national team, he was given his first international debut with caretaker coach Ong Kim Swee against Saudi Arabia during the World Cup qualifiers in September 2015 at 20 years old. Davies also featured for Malaysia at the 2015 SEA Games in Singapore back in June 2015.
Early life
Born in Perth, Davies grew up playing football from a young age, stating previously that his brothers' participation in the sport encouraged him to play. Davies grew up as an Australian though his mother, who hails from Sabah, Malaysia, giving him the ability to attain Malaysian citizenship.
Davies moved to Malaysia when he was 20 years old due to his impatient nature in search of international football. "I left Australia because I'm impatient in nature ... I wanted playing time and I knew I wasn't going to get much by staying in Australia", he said. "The opportunity to play international football for the country my mother was born in was too good to refuse. There are not many A-League regulars in the Socceroos".
Club career
Davies started his career with the A.I.S in 2010. He captained the squad and was awarded player of the year and voted players player during his 2011/2012 NYL season with the AIS. Previously to this he was a product of the National Training Centre (NTC) programs in Western Australia.
Perth Glory
Davies signed for Perth Glory and played in the National Youth League for Perth Glory FC Youth. In 2013–2014 season, Davies was promoted to the senior squad after signing a two-year contract with the club. He went on to make his senior debut against Melbourne City on 27 October 2013. He spent two years with Perth Glory accumulating 16 senior appearances.
Sri Pahang
In April 2015, Davies signed with Malaysia Super League club, Sri Pahang during the April transfer window. He was signed as a local player based on his Malaysian heritage. He made his league debut in a 2-0 away win against Kelantan on 11 April 2015. In February 2016, Davies became captain of the Malaysia Super League team, Sri Pahang shortly after the season had started. He is the youngest player ever to be given captaincy at just 21 years old and the first half-Malaysian to be given the honour in the Malaysia Super League, as he is half Australian and Malaysian.
Matthew Davies captained Sri Pahang to victory in 2018, becoming the Malaysian FA cup winners. Davies became the youngest captain in the history of the competition to lift the FA cup at just 23 years of age. The year before Davies narrowly missed the opportunity to obtain the credential at 22 years old after losing to Kedah Darul Aman.
On 15 February 2020, two weeks before the start of 2020 Malaysia Super League season, Davies officially left Sri Pahang after five seasons with the club.
Johor Darul Ta'zim
Davies joined Johor Darul Ta'zim prior to the 2020 Malaysia Super League season. It was not a surprise Johor snatched Davies after his success in both rival team Sri Pahang and the Malaysia national football team. Johor Darul Ta'zim owner Tunku Ismail Idris stated, “We have been keeping a close watch on him for the last three to four years but we decided to let him get experience with Sri Pahang before joining Johor Darul Ta'zim.
“It's a great investment because he is just 25 years old and it's a long term investment for JDT to improve the team.
“We are grateful that there is a player who has a professional attitude and quality in our team.”
International career
Australia U19
Davies was selected for the U19 Young Socceroos squad to represent Australia at the COTIF Tournament in L'Alcúdia, Spain from 12 to 21 August in 2013.
Malaysia
Under-23
An Australian by birth, he chose to represent Malaysia at the national level. He was eligible by virtue of his mother who was born in the Malaysian state of Sabah. He made his international debut for Malaysia's under-23 team at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games playing 4 out of 5 Group games. Malaysia finished third in their group and were unsuccessful in qualifying for the semifinal.
Senior
Davies is a regular for the national team, consistently being called up since his citizenship. He has only missed call ups due to injury. He debuted for the Malaysian national team on the 8th of September in a World Cup Qualifying game against Saudi Arabia in a 1–2 loss. He's since made numerous appearances for the Malaysian national team including representing Malaysia at the 2016 AFF Championship.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
International
Honours
Club
Sri Pahang
Malaysia FA Cup: 2018, runner-up 2017
Johor Darul Ta'zim
Malaysia Super League: 2020, 2021
Piala Sumbangsih: 2020, 2021, 2022
Malaysia FA Cup: 2022
Individual
FAM Football Awards
Best Young Players: 2015/16
Best Defender of the Year: 2017
International
Malaysia U-23
Southeast Asian Games
Silver Medal: 2017
References
External links
Matthew Davies profile at Ultimateleague.com
1995 births
Living people
Australian soccer players
Australian people of Malaysian descent
Association football defenders
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Perth Glory FC players
A-League Men players
National Premier Leagues players
Malaysian footballers
Malaysian expatriate footballers
Malaysia international footballers
Malaysian people of Australian descent
Sri Pahang FC players
Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C. players
Malaysia Super League players
Soccer players from Perth, Western Australia
People who lost Australian citizenship
Citizens of Malaysia through descent
Australian emigrants to Malaysia
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Malaysia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Ludovic Booz (16 June 1940 – 2 February 2015) was a Haitian painter and sculptor. Born in Aquin, Booz sculpted bronze busts of several Haitian presidents. His work has been exhibited in France, Israel, and Suriname.
References
1940 births
Haitian artists
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
Haitian sculptors
2015 deaths
The Kyles of Bute () form a narrow sea channel that separates the northern end of the Isle of Bute from the Cowal peninsula in Argyll and Bute, on the Scottish mainland. The surrounding hillsides are roughly wooded, and overlooked by rocky tops and areas of moorland.
The Kyles are split into the East and West Kyles. The East Kyle () runs from Rothesay Bay north west up to the entrance to Loch Riddon. Here at the northern end of the East Kyle are the Burnt Islands and the island of Eilean Dubh. The West Kyle () runs from here southwest, past the village of Tighnabruaich out to the Sound of Bute. The area is a designated National Scenic Area.
The Kyles are reflected in the name of Tighnabruaich-based Shinty team Kyles Athletic.
Transport
The narrowest strait is only some 300 m across and is spanned by the Calmac ferry from Rhubodach to Colintraive. The crossing takes only 5 minutes, and runs every half hour throughout the day, seven days a week. Since 1999 the service has been operated by , which formerly served on the route from Kyle of Lochalsh to the Isle of Skye. Due to her size relative to the short crossing the ferry normally sails with both ramps unfolded. As the crossing is so short the issue of whether the ferry should be replaced by a bridge has been discussed a number of times, for example by Highlands and Islands Enterprise in 1995.
The A8003 road runs above the West Kyle, reaching a height of 130 m just north of Tighnabruaich. On the mainland shore of the East Kyle the A886 road also takes a route above the shoreline, however the B866 road runs closer to the shore of Loch Riddon. The A and B roads meet just north of Colintraive, from where the route of the A886 continues over the ferry to run along the east shore of Bute to Rothesay.
Tourism
A trip through the Kyles of Bute was a common feature of a trip "doon the watter" on a Clyde steamer during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. As of 2018 the , the last sea-going paddle steamer in the world, still operates a summer season on the Clyde and continues to offer sailings through the Kyles. The Kyles are also very popular for yachting, and there are many sheltered anchorages.
The Cowal Way, a waymarked footpath between Tighnabruaich and Tarbet, follows the shoreline of the West Kyle, below the A8003. The West Island Way, a waymarked footpath on the Isle of Bute, follows the western shore of the East Kyle for a section of its northern loop: this section is along the A886. Both routes are officially designated as being among Scotland's Great Trails.
The Kyles form part of an area marketed for tourism purposes as "Argyll's Secret Coast".
Conservation
The area is designated as the Kyles of Bute National Scenic Area, one of the forty such areas in Scotland, which are defined so as to identify areas of exceptional scenery and to ensure its protection from inappropriate development. The designated area covers 5739 ha in total, of which 4723 ha is on land, with a further 1016 ha being marine (i.e. below low tide level), and includes land on Bute and the Cowal peninsula, extending to take in the surroundings of Loch Riddon.
Bird species that can regularly be seen in the Kyles include eider ducks, oystercatchers and herons.
One of the Burnt Islands, Eilean Buidhe, is the site of the remains of a circular vitrified fort about 19.5 m in diameter. The remaining walls stand up to 1.5 m on the eastern side of the site. Further north, Eilean Dearg in Loch Riddon is the site of a Medieval castle that was destroyed by naval action during Argyll's Rising in 1685.
Ownership
The eastern shores of the East Kyle forms the Ardentraive Estate, which is owned by the Mount Stuart Trust, which also owns Mount Stuart House, and most of the Isle of Bute (including the eastern shoreline of the West Kyle). The Mount Stuart Trust is still largely controlled by the family of the Marquess of Bute, the Crichton-Stuarts.
The Rhubodach estate on Bute, which includes the western shoreline of the East Kyle was formerly owner by actor and director Lord Attenborough. In August 2009 he placed estate up for sale, and a referendum carried out on 12 February 2010 showed 93% of islanders supported a plan land to buy the land for the community. In January 2011 he sold the estate, which consists mostly of forest for the reduced fee of £1.48 million. The Rhubodach estate is now owned by the Bute Community Land Company, a charitable company formed by residents living on the island. The main landowner on the western shoreline of the West Kyle is the Ardlamont Forest, which as of 2002 was owned by Loch Lomond Distillery. A viewpoint and indicator on the A8003 road overlooking the Kyles belongs to the National Trust for Scotland.
Gallery
References
External links
Kyles Athletic
Colintraive
National scenic areas of Scotland
Bodies of water of Scotland
Landforms of Argyll and Bute
Channels of the United Kingdom
Cowal
Population Media Center (PMC) is an entertainment organization dedicated to women's rights and empowerment, population stabilization, and the environment. A nonprofit leader internationally for the past two decades, Population Media Center's TV and radio shows have promoted important social and cultural changes and have helped 500 million people in more than 50 countries.
PMC's headquarters staff and offices are located throughout the United States and abroad, including Los Angeles, Montreal, and Cape Town, with the primary office located in South Burlington, Vermont.
Vision
A sustainable planet with equal rights for all.
Mission
To use entertainment-education and mass media to promote social and cultural change by addressing the interconnected issues of the full rights of women and girls, population, and the environment. PMC's goals are to empower people to live healthier and more prosperous lives and to stabilize global population at a level at which people can live sustainably with the world's renewable resources.
Approach
Every PMC show inspires its audience to see that they do have the power to make choices for themselves. PMC shows role model different perspectives and actions, helping audiences understand different possibilities and build resiliency and perseverance in their personal lives. See more about how this works by reviewing PMC's theory of change.
PMC conducts continuous monitoring and evaluation of each show throughout broadcast to keep programs on track and to provide learning for current and future programs. At the end of broadcast, PMC conducts an endline assessment based on a statistically representative random sample survey with a 95 percent confidence level that captures quantitative and qualitative analysis. Learn more about Monitoring and Evaluation.
US Content Studio
In the United States, PMC develops and produces original content designed to entertain and address contemporary social issues, including women and girl's empowerment, reproductive health, and environmental sustainability. PMC's multi-Emmy Award® nominated series, East Los High, was one of the top five shows on Hulu during its first season and 27,000+ viewers used a Planned Parenthood widget in the first month of release.
International Programs
PMC hires local writers, actors, and production staff, as well as administrative staff, to create powerful radio and TV serial dramas for behavior change. This approach is not only essential for riveting stories enmeshed in local language, traditions, and understanding, but also a key component to building capacity within the countries where PMC works, strengthening the in-country skills and human resources for developing future behavior change communications for social change.
Since its inception, PMC has aired its shows in:
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Dominican Republic
Eastern Caribbean
Ecuador
El Salvador
Ethiopia
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Kenya
Kyrgyzstan
Malawi
Mali
Mexico
Nepal
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Papua New Guinea
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Puerto Rico
Rwanda
Senegal
Sierra Leone
South Africa
Sudan
Swaziland
United States of America
Uganda
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Zambia
Zimbabwe
See also
Entertainment-Education
Miguel Sabido
Public service announcement
Social and Behavior Change Communication
Social Impact Entertainment
Telenovelas
East Los High
Vencer el miedo
References
External links
PMC website
WHO pages about PMC
$350,000 MacArthur grant
Reproductive rights
Organizations based in Burlington, Vermont
Population concern advocacy groups
Population concern organizations
Population research organizations
Research institutes established in 1998
1998 establishments in Vermont
Brendan Todd Haywood (born November 27, 1979) is an American former professional basketball player who was a center in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He won an NBA championship with the Dallas Mavericks in 2011. Following his playing career, Haywood became a college basketball announcer for CBS Sports and a co-host/analyst on SiriusXM NBA Radio.
College career
As a senior at James B. Dudley High School in Greensboro, North Carolina, Haywood won the Gatorade North Carolina Basketball Player of the Year. He was named to the 1997 McDonald's All-American Team.
After graduation, Haywood enrolled at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill for the 1997–98 season. Haywood was recruited by legendary Tar Heel basketball coach Dean Smith, but the coach retired shortly after Haywood's arrival on campus and turned the job over to his assistant, Bill Guthridge. Haywood backed up Makhtar N'Diaye at the center position his freshman season, and was the most-used bench player after the six rotating starters (Antawn Jamison, Vince Carter, Shammond Williams, Ed Cota, Ademola Okulaja, and N'Diaye). That season, the Tar Heels advanced to the National Semifinals of the 1998 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
Haywood moved into the starting lineup during his sophomore season, and the Tar Heels earned a #3 seed in the 1999 NCAA tournament, but were eliminated in the first round. The Tar Heels struggled again during the 1999–2000 season, but experienced a resurgence during the 2000 NCAA tournament, reaching the Final Four. The 2000–01 season was Haywood's last at UNC and the first for new head coach Matt Doherty. That season the Tar Heels earned a #2 seed in the 2001 NCAA tournament, but were eliminated in the second round.
At UNC, Haywood recorded the first triple-double in school history against the University of Miami on December 4, 2000, with 18 points, 14 rebounds, and 10 blocks (which was also a UNC record). He also finished his college basketball career as the Atlantic Coast Conference's all-time leader in field goal percentage (63.7%) and is the Tar Heels' all-time leader in blocked shots (304). During his senior year, Haywood was named to the All-Atlantic Coast Conference 2nd Team, and also was named 2nd Team All-America by the Sporting News.
NBA career
Washington Wizards (2001–2010)
Haywood was selected by the Cleveland Cavaliers with the 20th overall pick in the 2001 NBA draft. He was later traded to the Orlando Magic in exchange for Michael Doleac, who in turn traded him to the Washington Wizards in exchange for Laron Profit and a first-round draft pick. After playing as the Wizards' starting center for the bulk of six years, Haywood began putting up career numbers in the 2007–08 season.
Dallas Mavericks (2010–2012)
On February 13, 2010, Haywood was traded to the Dallas Mavericks along with Caron Butler and DeShawn Stevenson for Josh Howard, Drew Gooden, James Singleton, and Quinton Ross. On July 9, 2010, Haywood re-signed with the Mavericks to a reported six-year, $55 million deal. The Mavericks went on to win the 2011 NBA championship. On July 12, 2012, Haywood was waived by the Mavericks under the league's amnesty clause.
Charlotte Bobcats (2012–2014)
On July 14, 2012, Haywood was claimed off waivers by the Charlotte Bobcats. He missed the entire 2013–14 season due to a stress fracture in his foot.
Cleveland Cavaliers (2014–2015)
On July 12, 2014, Haywood was traded, along with the drafts right to Dwight Powell, to the Cleveland Cavaliers in exchange for Scotty Hopson and cash considerations. Haywood's final NBA game was played in Game 4 of the 2015 Eastern Conference Finals on May 26, 2015. In that game, Cleveland completed a 4–0 sweep over the Atlanta Hawks, winning the game 118 – 88, with Haywood only playing for 2 minutes, missing his only jumpshot and recording no other stats. That 2 minutes was the only playing time Haywood saw during the 2015 Playoffs with the Cavs. Cleveland advanced to the Finals, but eventually lost to the Golden State Warriors in six games.
On July 27, 2015, Haywood was traded, along with Mike Miller and two future second-round draft picks, to the Portland Trail Blazers in exchange for cash considerations. However, the Blazers waived him three days later.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 62 || 2 || 20.4 || .493 || .000 || .606 || 5.2 || .5 || .3 || 1.5 || 5.1
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 81 || 69 || 23.8 || .510 || .000 || .633 || 5.0 || .4 || .4 || 1.5 || 6.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 77 || 59 || 19.3 || .515 || .000 || .585 || 5.0 || .6 || .4 || 1.3 || 7.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 68 || 68 || 27.4 || .560 || .000 || .609 || 6.8 || .8 || .8 || 1.7 || 9.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 79 || 70 || 23.8 || .514 || .000 || .585 || 5.9 || .6 || .4 || 1.3 || 7.3
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 77 || 49 || 22.6 || .558 || .000 || .548 || 6.2 || .6 || .4 || 1.1 || 6.6
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 80 || 80 || 27.9 || .528 || .000 || .735 || 7.2 || .9 || .4 || 1.7 || 10.6
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 6 || 5 || 29.2 || .480 || .000 || .476 || 7.3 || 1.3 || .7 || 2.5 || 9.7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 49 || 48 || 32.9 || .561 || .000 || .646 || 10.3 || .4 || .4 || 2.1 || 9.8
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Dallas
| 28 || 19 || 26.5 || .564 || .000 || .575 || 7.4 || .9 || .3 || 2.0 || 8.1
|-
|style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"| †
| align="left" | Dallas
| 72 || 8 || 18.5 || .574 || .000 || .362 || 5.2 || .3 || .2 || 1.0 || 4.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Dallas
| 54 || 54 || 21.2 || .518 || .000 || .469 || 6.0 || .4 || .4 || 1.0 || 5.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Charlotte
| 61 || 17 || 19.0 || .431 || .000 || .455 || 4.8 || .5 || .3 || .8 || 3.5
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Cleveland
| 22 || 1 || 5.4 || .467 || .000 || .538 || 1.3 || .1 || .1 || .5 || 1.6
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 816 || 549 || 22.9 || .528 || .000 || .587 || 6.0 || .5 || .4 || 1.4 || 6.8
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2005
| align="left" | Washington
| 10 || 10 || 29.6 || .542 || .000 || .636 || 7.6 || 1.0 || 1.4 || 2.0 || 10.6
|-
| align="left" | 2006
| align="left" | Washington
| 6 || 6 || 25.8 || .682 || .000 || .520 || 3.2 || .8 || .3 || 1.8 || 7.2
|-
| align="left" | 2007
| align="left" | Washington
| 3 || 0 || 11.3 || .714 || .000 || .750 || 1.7 || .3 || .3 || .0 || 4.3
|-
| align="left" | 2008
| align="left" | Washington
| 6 || 6 || 29.7 || .591 || .000 || .800 || 6.7 || .8 || .7 || 1.5 || 12.0
|-
| align="left" | 2010
| align="left" | Dallas
| 6 || 2 || 23.2 || .571 || .000 || .600 || 6.2 || .5 || 1.2 || 1.7 || 6.0
|-
|style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"| 2011†
| align="left" | Dallas
| 18 || 0 || 15.3 || .581 || .000 || .465 || 4.1 || .2 || .1 || 1.0 || 3.1
|-
| align="left" | 2012
| align="left" | Dallas
| 4 || 4 || 15.3 || .286 || .000 || .625 || 3.3 || .3 || .3 || .5 || 3.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 53 || 28 || 21.4 || .564 || .000 || .598 || 5.0 || .5 || .6 || 1.3 || 6.4
Broadcast career
After Haywood retired from the NBA, he became an analyst and a broadcaster for NBA TV. He also worked as an analyst for NBATV and TNT's coverage of the first round of the 2021 NBA playoffs.
References
External links
Official website
1979 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Greensboro, North Carolina
Centers (basketball)
Charlotte Bobcats players
Cleveland Cavaliers draft picks
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Dallas Mavericks players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Basketball players from New York City
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in basketball
Washington Wizards players
Medalists at the 1999 Summer Universiade
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Whiteout is the second EP by American recording artist Dawn Richard. It was released on December1, 2012.
Track listing
References
Dawn Richard (singer) EPs
2012 EPs
Mimofalsoropica kaszabi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimofalsoropica. It was described by Breuning in 1975.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1975
Monotypic beetle genera
Roaring Ranch is a 1930 American pre-Code Western film written and directed by B. Reeves Eason. The film stars Hoot Gibson, and it was released on April 27, 1930, by Universal Pictures.
Cast
Hoot Gibson as Jim Dailey
Frank Clark as Tom Marlin
Sally Eilers as June Marlin
Wheeler Oakman as Ramsey Kane
Agnes Steele as Mrs. Morgan
Bobby Nelson as Bobby Morgan
Marlyn Walker as Marlyn
Leo White as Count Reginald Sobieski
References
External links
1930 films
American Western (genre) films
1930 Western (genre) films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by B. Reeves Eason
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Micah Hilton (born 2 October 1985) is a football goalkeeper in Montserrat who plays for P.C. United FC. He has made three appearances for the Montserrat national team.
Career
Club career
Hilton played for P.C. United FC in the Montserrat Championship from 2009.
International career
His first international appearance came on 10 June 2010 in a Caribbean Cup qualifying match against Saint Vincent & the Grenadines which, despite some brave keeping from Hilton, ended in a 7–0 defeat. Despite this defeat, Hilton retained his place for the match against Barbados two days later in which he conceded a further five goals, as a result of which he lost his place to Jermaine Sweeney.
Hilton's third international appearance came in a World Cup qualification match against Belize on 15 June 2011; this match ended in a 5–2 defeat, allowing Sweeney to reclaim his place.
References
External links
Details of matches on Caribbean Football Database
1985 births
Living people
Montserratian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Montserrat international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Arthur Moses (born 3 March 1973) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a striker. He is the owner and vice-president of Bechem Chelsea.
Club career
Moses was born in Accra. In 1992, he was the leading scorer in the Nigerian Premier League with 11 as Stationery Stores won their final league title.
Moses joined French club Toulon on a two-year loan from German club Fortuna Düsseldorf in July 1995. Toulon secured an option to sign him permanently for €3 million.
In June 1997 Toulon was unable to exercise its option and sold it on to Marseille. In August Moses moved on a season-long loan to Marseille with the transfer fee for a permanent move again set at €3 million. In June 1998, Marseille agreed a transfer fee of less than €3 million and in August, Moses signed a three-year contract with Marseille.
International career
Moses played for the Ghana national team at the 1998 African Cup of Nations.
Post-playing career
On 31 October 2008, Moses became owner of Bechem Chelsea along with Tony Yeboah.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Footballers from Accra
Ghanaian footballers
Association football forwards
Ghana international footballers
1998 African Cup of Nations players
2. Bundesliga players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
UAE Pro League players
Stationery Stores F.C. players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
SC Toulon players
Olympique de Marseille players
Nîmes Olympique players
Al Shabab Al Arabi Club Dubai players
Al Ain FC players
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Nigeria
Expatriate footballers in Nigeria
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Mass Effect: Ascension is a science fiction novel by author Drew Karpyshyn. It is a sequel to the video game Mass Effect, as well as to its prequel novel, Mass Effect: Revelation, also written by Karpyshyn. The novel is set approximately two months after the ending events of the first game. While the first book acted as a prequel to the first game, Ascension helps to bridge the gap between the first game and Mass Effect 2.
Plot
The novel takes place shortly after the attack on the Citadel by the Reaper Sovereign and its allies Saren Arterius and the geth. The Ascension Project is an initiative program aimed at developing biotic abilities in humans, with a particular focus on the children of the victims of element zero accidents in multiple human colonies across the Systems Alliance. The Project, set up around 2176, is based at the Jon Grissom Academy, a medium-sized space station in orbit around the human colony of Elysium in the Skyllian Verge, a largely undeveloped patch of space situated along the borders of the Systems Alliance and the lawless Terminus Systems.
The Illusive Man, the enigmatic leader of the rogue, anthropocentric organization called Cerberus, plots Cerberus' next move, which involves the pursuit of an autistic young biotic prodigy named Gillian Grayson. Gillian's father and one of the Illusive Man's long-serving agents, Paul Grayson, is a troubled drug addict who was assigned with raising an infant girl with immense biotic potential. The autistic girl is now a member of the Ascension Project. Grayson, despite having much affection for his adopted daughter, is now reduced to a link man between Cerberus and their mole inside the Ascension Project, Dr. Jiro Toshiwa. Their mission is to sabotage the Ascension project by administering biotic-enhancing drugs to Gillian and evaluate their efficacy. When the Cerberus plot is exposed, Paul takes Gillian away from the Ascension Project and flees into the Terminus Systems. They are aided by Kahlee Sanders, a returning character from Revelation who is determined to protect Gillian, unaware that Paul is in fact a Cerberus operative. Their predicament is complicated when they cross paths with the quarian Migrant Fleet. Eventually Paul Grayson has a change of heart and leaves Cerberus, Kahlee returns to Grissom Academy, and Gillian remains with the quarian Migrant fleet.
Reception
Rick Dakan from Pop Matters called Ascension a "solid action/adventure thriller that's a pleasant page turner". He noted that the novel marked the first appearance of the Illusive Man as well as the first mention of the Collectors in the Mass Effect series. Dakan noted that he has only read a few video game novels, but he liked that the author Drew Karpyshyn was also a designer for the Mass Effect series, noting that "it signaled to me that the book's events were likely to be fully integrated into the canon of the games". Matt Wadleigh praised Karpyshyn as a good story-teller and that "his love and curiosity for the universe that he's helped build shine through on every page", though he feels that the book is over-written and would have benefited from more editorial oversight. He felt "a legitimate connection to the characters and support for their fight" by the time he finished the novel, and recommends it for fans who are interested in further exploring the motives of the Illusive Man, who Commander Shepard works with as an unwilling operative of Cerberus in Mass Effect 2.
Brendan Lowry from Windows Central praised Ascension, commenting that the novel gives insight into the lives of the quarian people. He noted that there's a lot of information to be learned about the quarians, which supplements and clarifies the lore and history provided by Tali'Zorah to Commander Shepard in the first Mass Effect, as well as further insight into Cerberus and their schemes, "effectively serving as a prelude to Mass Effect 2".
See also
List of novels based on video games
References
External links
2008 novels
Canadian science fiction novels
Del Rey books
Mass Effect
Milky Way in fiction
Novels about artificial intelligence
Novels based on video games
Rosemary Ffolkes Gill (7 December 1930 – 22 February 2011) was an English children's television producer connected with Blue Peter, Multi-Coloured Swap Shop and Saturday Superstore.
Early life and career
Gill was born in London to a schoolmaster and former nurse; the family lived in Camden Town. Her parents had met at Craiglockhart, near Edinburgh, where her mother was then working, the building being used as a military psychiatric hospital for World War I shell-shock patients like her father. Like her elder sister, Hazel, Gill was educated at St Paul's Girls' School.
In 1948, Gill began working for the BBC as a secretary (her sister had joined the corporation three years earlier), initially working for women's radio programmes, then at Alexandra Palace along with her sister. She worked for the producers Dorothea Brooking and Joy Harington, both involved in creating children's drama productions. Later, from 1955, she was an assistant floor manager.
Blue Peter and Swap Shop
In this period, she first met Edward Barnes, who later managed to gain her secondment to Blue Peter when the producer (later programme editor) Biddy Baxter was called for jury service in 1963. Owen Reed, then head of the children's department was persuaded Gill could remain on the production team for a short period; she remained for another 13 years. The team of Baxter, Barnes and Gill established the programme's reputation; the later two became producers when the programme became bi-weekly in 1964. Gill became deputy editor when Barnes was appointed deputy head of the children's department.
In 1976, Gill left Blue Peter to become the editor of Multi-Coloured Swap Shop, more commonly known as Swap Shop. A newly created unrehearsed three-hour Saturday morning programme presented by Noel Edmonds, then best known as a disc-jockey for BBC Radio 1, the programme was a great success, despite initial doubts from some within the BBC. The series, based around children exchanging their possessions, replaced the previous BBC Saturday morning offering of repeats. "We wanted a programme that absolutely anybody could join in. As long as they had something, either goods and chattels, ideas or simply chat, to exchange", Gill remembered. "I don't believe she [Gill] had an ego," Edmonds recalled. "Rose was the silent shadow drifting behind the cameras, stepping over cables and whispering words of encouragement to a studio crew who all knew that in Swap Shop we were creating something very special".
When Swap Shop ended in 1982, Edmonds wishing to concentrate on his career in primetime television, Gill remembered that during her childhood, she had enjoyed playing shop with her sister. Saturday Superstore, now with Mike Read as the main presenter, based around an imaginary department store, was the new Saturday morning children's programme. It did not match the public reception of its predecessor, although it was welcomed by BBC management. Gill took early retirement in 1983.
Private life
Gill was engaged in the late 1940s to a submariner serving in the Royal Navy, but her fiancé died in a submarine accident.
Gill's sister, Hazel, who had managed Blue Peter extensive correspondence, also retired early, and the two sisters travelled extensively in Europe and North America until Hazel died of cancer in 2001. Rosemary Gill died in February 2011, aged 80.
References
External links
See also
List of BBC children's television programmes
1930 births
2011 deaths
Blue Peter
English television producers
British women television producers
BBC television producers
British children's television series
The Four Just Men is a 1959 television series produced by Sapphire Films for ITC Entertainment. It was broadcast for one season of 39 half-hour monochrome episodes.
Plot
The series, based on a sequence of novels by Edgar Wallace including a 1905 novel titled The Four Just Men, presents the adventures of four men who first meet while Allied soldiers in Italy during the Second World War. The men later meet again, and decide to fight for justice and against tyranny, using money donated for the purpose by their late commanding officer. They operate from different countries: Jeff Ryder is a professor of law at Columbia University in New York City, Tim Collier is an American reporter based in Paris, Ben Manfred is a crusading independent MP who works from London, and Ricco Poccari is an Italian hotelier based in Rome. Their reputation as the "Four Just Men" is well known.
The series is unusual in having the four main actors appear alternately (except in the first episode); one or occasionally two makes a brief appearance in each other's episode, often using a telephone.
Cast and characters
Richard Conte as Jeff Ryder
Dan Dailey as Tim Collier
Jack Hawkins as Ben Manfred
Vittorio De Sica as Ricco Poccari
Each character had an assistant:
June Thorburn as Vicky, Ryder's law student assistant
Honor Blackman as Nicole, Collier's French girlfriend and secretary
Andrew Keir as Jock, Manfred's manservant and best friend
Lisa Gastoni as Giulia, Poccari's secretary
Robert Rietti as Francesco, Poccari's butler
Guest stars included Judi Dench, Alan Bates, Leonard Sachs, Patrick Troughton, Donald Pleasence, Richard Johnson, Ronald Howard, Basil Dignam, Roger Delgado, Charles Gray, and Frank Thornton (who appeared in more roles than anyone else).
Production
At the time, The Four Just Men was the most ambitious film series yet made for British TV. It was produced by Sapphire Films at Walton Studios, and on location in Britain, France, and Italy. None of its four stars had previously been cast as regulars in a television series. Indeed, only Dan Dailey would go on to another regular role on series television.
Filming of the 39 episodes, each 25 minutes long, began during January 1959, and lasted for five months, using up to seven units in the studio or on location, and producing two or three episodes simultaneously.
John Schlesinger was credited as exterior unit or second unit director on a number of episodes.
Episodes
Airdate is for ATV Midlands. ITV regions varied date and order.
Each story featured one star and, often, brief appearances by the others.
DD = Dan Dailey
JH = Jack Hawkins
RC = Richard Conte
VS = Vittorio De Sica
DVD
Network released the 39 episodes on August 13, 2010 in a five-DVD Region 2 set.
References
External links
Dinosaur TV
1959 British television series debuts
1960 British television series endings
1950s British drama television series
1960s British drama television series
British crime television series
British drama television series
Television series by ITC Entertainment
ITV television dramas
Television shows based on British novels
English-language television shows
Black-and-white British television shows
Commodore Jacob Nicholas Jones (March 1768 – August 3, 1850) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Quasi-War with France, the First Barbary War, the Second Barbary War, and the War of 1812.
Biography
Jones' birthplace was on a farm about one mile northwest of the town of Smyrna, Delaware. His father was a farmer of exemplary moral and religious character and his mother was of a family greatly respected. She died when he was an infant. His father soon followed her to the grave and at four years of age he was an orphan. It is not clear how he became a doctor. Educated in medicine and practicing as a doctor, he was later appointed as Clerk of the Delaware Supreme Court. He was married to Anna Matilda Sykes, daughter of James Sykes the 15th Governor of Delaware; she died before he joined the United States Navy.
Midshipman
Jones joined the United States Navy in 1799 at the age of 31, very old for the times, when a midshipman could be as young as 10. Some think he joined the Navy because of grief after the death of his wife. He spent 22 months as an acting midshipman.
Lieutenant
During the Quasi-War with France, he served under Commodore John Barry in the frigate and was commissioned a lieutenant February 27, 1801. Jones joined the crew of on May 24, 1803, as second lieutenant (2nd mate). On October 31, 1803, he was taken prisoner with the rest of Philadelphias crew by the Bey of Tripoli and held until liberated in June 1805.
Master Commandant
On April 20, 1810, Jones received promotion to master commandant, and on June 4, he took command of . In October 1812, Jones and Wasp sailed on an Atlantic cruise. On October 13 he captured the British 12-gun brig HMS Dolphin.
Despite storm damage to his ship, he attacked a British convoy on October 18 and, following an intense battle, captured the Royal Navy sloop of war , in a battle that became quite famous. Both combatants were seriously damaged and he soon fell victim to the powerful ship of the line . Still, Jones was widely admired and when he returned to the United States after an exchange of prisoners, he received a gold medal from the United States Congress.
Captain
Jones was promoted to the rank of captain in March 1813 and given command of the frigate . He spent time in Decatur's squadron, which was bottled up at New London during 1814. Later, Captain Jones was sent to the Lake Ontario theater, where he commanded the frigate during the last year of the war.
During the second and final Barbary War, in 1815, Jones again commanded Macedonian. Service as captain of the frigate followed in 1816–1818.
Commodore
Jones was Commodore of the United States' squadrons in the Mediterranean in 1821–1823 and in the Pacific in 1826–1829. He was a Navy Commissioner in Washington, DC, between those tours at sea and held important commands ashore at Baltimore and New York during the 1830s and 1840s. He received his final assignment, as commandant of the Philadelphia Naval Asylum in 1847. Commodore Jacob Jones held that position until his death.
Death and legacy
Jones died on August 3, 1850, and is interred at the Wilmington and Brandywine Cemetery in Wilmington, Delaware.
Three ships, USS Jacob Jones, have been named for him. Jones Island of Washington state is also named for Jones.
References
External links
NHC Biography and Photographs
1768 births
1850 deaths
American military personnel of the First Barbary War
Burials at Wilmington and Brandywine Cemetery
People from Smyrna, Delaware
American military personnel of the Quasi-War
United States Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of the War of 1812
Congressional Gold Medal recipients
American military personnel of the Second Barbary War
Commanders of the USS Constitution
War of 1812 prisoners of war held by the United Kingdom
Sebastian Hilli (born 20 May 1990 in Helsinki) is a Finnish composer. Hilli studied composition at the Sibelius Academy and at the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna with Lauri Kilpiö, Michael Jarrell and Veli-Matti Puumala. Hilli's works are published exclusively by Schott Music.
Hilli's first orchestral work Reachings won the International Toru Takemitsu Composition Award in Tokyo in 2015 and was the selected work in the "composers under 30" category in the 64th International Rostrum of Composers in Palermo, Italy in 2017. Hilli is the winner of the Gaudeamus Award 2018. Hilli's orchestral work Snap Music was awarded the Teosto Prize in 2019.
Hilli's works have been performed for example by BBC National Orchestra of Wales, Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra and by musicians such as Ryan Bancroft, Hannu Lintu, Jukka-Pekka Saraste, André de Ridder, Nicolas Hodges, Olari Elts and Bas Wiegers. Hilli's largest work so far is 45-minute-long Affekt, premiered by Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra, a 250-member choir and conducted by Leif Segerstam in 2017.
References
Sibelius Academy alumni
University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna alumni
Gaudeamus Composition Competition prize-winners
1990 births
Living people
Musicians from Helsinki
21st-century Finnish composers
The 2000 German Athletics Championships were held at the Eintracht-Stadion in Braunschweig on 29–30 July 2000.
Results
Men
Women
References
Results source:
2000
German Athletics Championships
German Athletics Championships
German Athletics Championships
20th century in Braunschweig
Emilio is a given name common in the Italian and Spanish languages. The Portuguese-language version of the name is spelled Emílio. Like its counterpart in other languages, Emil, the name is derived from the Latin Aemilius of the gens Aemilia. People with the name Emilio or Emílio include:
People
Given name (Emilio)
A–E
Emilio Aceval, President of Paraguay
Emilio Aguinaldo, Filipino general and President of the Philippines
Emilio Aldecoa, Spanish association football player
Emilio Álvarez (Uruguayan footballer), Uruguayan association football player
Emilio Álvarez Icaza, president of the Human Rights Commission of the Mexican Federal District
Emilio Álvarez Lejarza, Nicaraguan government official and jurist
Emilio Álvarez Montalván, Nicaraguan ophthalmologist and a former Foreign Minister of Nicaragua
Emilio Amero, Mexican artist
Emilio Arenales Catalán, foreign minister of Guatemala and the president of the United Nations
Emilio Arrieta, Spanish composer
Emilio Artom, Italian mathematician
Emilio Azcárraga Jean, Mexican businessman and Televisa owner
Emilio Azcárraga Milmo, Mexican businessman and Televisa owner
Emilio Azcárraga Vidaurreta, Mexican businessman and Televisa owner
Emilio Baldonedo, Argentine footballer
Emilio Banfi, Italian track and field athlete
Emilio Barzini, fictional character in Mario Puzo's novel The Godfather
Emilio Bello, Chilean lawyer, diplomat and President of the Government Junta that ruled Chile in 1925
Emilio Benfele Álvarez, Spanish tennis player
Emilio Betti, Italian jurist, Roman Law scholar, philosopher and theologian
Emilio Bizzi, neuroscientist and Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor
Emilio Bonifacio, Dominican Major League Baseball infielder
Emilio Botín, Spanish banker
Emilio Brambilla, Italian athlete
Emilio Bulgarelli, Italian water polo player and Olympic athlete
Emilio Butragueño, Spanish association football player
Emilio Campos, Venezuelan association football player
Emilio Carranza, Mexican aviator and national hero
Emilio Castelar y Ripoll, Spanish republican and president of the First Spanish Republic
Emilio Castillo, American saxophone player and composer
Emilio de' Cavalieri, Italian composer, producer, organist, diplomat, choreographer and dancer
Emilio Cavenecia, Peruvian military hero
Emilio Coia, Italian-Scottish artist
Emilio Colombo, Italian diplomat and politician
Emilio Comici, Italian mountain climber
Emilio Commisso, Argentine association football player
Emilio Comte, Argentine actor
Emilio Cornalia, Italian naturalist
Emilio Q. Daddario, American politician
Emilio De Bono, Italian General, fascist activist, Marshal, and member of the Fascist Grand Council
Emilio Delgado, American actor
Emilio Diez Barroso, Mexican businessman
Emilio Disi, Argentine actor
Emilio Echevarría, Mexican actor
Emilio Esteban Infantes, Spanish general
Emilio Estefan, Cuban-American musician and producer
Emilio Estevez, American actor, director, and writer
Emilio Estevez Tsai, Taiwanese association football player
Emilio Estrada, President of Ecuador
F–M
Emilio Falero, Cuban artist
Emilio Fede, Italian anchorman and journalist
Emilio Fernández, Mexican actor and screenwriter
Emilio Ferrera, Belgian association football player and coach
Emilio Floris, Italian politician
Emilio Fraietta, Canadian football player
Emilio Frugoni, Uruguayan socialist politician, lawyer, poet, essayist, and journalist
Emilio A. De La Garza, United States Marine Corps lance corporal
Emilio M. Garza, US Judge
Emilio García Gómez, Spanish Arabist, literary historian, and critic
Emilio Gavira, Spanish actor
Emilio Gnutti, Italian financier
Emilio de Gogorza, Spanish-American baritone singer
Emilio Gómez, Ecuadorian tennis player
Emilio González Márquez, Mexican politician and governor of Jalisco
Emilio T. Gonzalez, head of USCIS (United States Citizenship and Immigration Services)
Emilio Grau Sala, Catalan painter
Emilio Gutiérrez Caba, Spanish actor
Emilio Gutiérrez González, Spanish association football player
Emilio Herrera Linares, Spanish military engineer
Emilio Izaguirre, Honduran association football player
Emilio J. M. de Carvalho, Angolan Bishop of the United Methodist Church
Emilio Jacinto, Filipino revolutionary
Emilio José Viqueira, Spanish association football player
Emilio Kauderer, Argentine musician and composer
Emilio Kosterlitzky, Russian polyglot, soldier of fortune, and spy for the United States
Emilio Lara, Cuban weightlifter
Emilio Largo, fictional character and main antagonist from the James Bond novel Thunderball
Emilio Larrosa, Mexican TV producer
Emilio Lissón, Archbishop of Lima
Emilio Lowe, fictional character in Black Cat
Emilio Lunghi, Italian Olympic athlete
Emilio Lussu, Sardinian soldier, politician and a writer
Emilio Martínez Lázaro, Spanish film director
Emilio Martinez, YouTuber and comedian
Emilio Martínez, Paraguayan association football player
Emilio Eduardo Massera, Argentine military officer
Emilio Materassi, Italian Grand Prix motor racing driver
Emilio Menéndez, Spanish politician
Emilio Mwai Kibaki, 3rd President of the Republic of Kenya
Emilio Mola, Nationalist commander during the Spanish Civil War
N–Z
Emilio Navaira, Mexican-American singer (born Emilio H. Navaira III)
Emilio Navarro, Puerto Rican baseball player
Emilio Nsue, Equatorial Guinean association football player
Emilio Núñez Portuondo, American who became a Cuban politician, lawyer, diplomat, and Prime Minister of Cuba
Emilio Ochoa, Cuban politician and former Senator
Emilio Oribe, Uruguayan poet, essayist, philosopher, and doctor
Emilio Mario Osmeña, Philippine politician and activist
Emilio Palacios, Nicaraguan association football player
Emilio Palma, first person known to be born on the continent of Antarctica
Emilio Palucci Calsani, Brazilian association football player
Emilio Pérez Touriño, Galician politician and economist
Emilio Pettoruti, Argentine painter
Emilio Portes Gil, Mexican politician and president of Mexico
Emilio Prados, Spanish poet
Emilio Pucci, Italian fashion designer and politician
Emilio Pujol, Spanish composer
Emilio Rodríguez, Spanish professional road bicycle racer
Emilio Ruiz del Río, Spanish film set decorator and special effects and visual effects artist
Emilio De Rose, Italian dermatologist and politician
Emilio Rubbi (1930–2005), Italian economist and politician
Emilio Sagi Liñán, Argentine association football player
Emilio Sala (painter), Spanish painter
Emilio Sala (sculptor), Italian sculptor
Emilio Salgari, Italian writer
Emilio Sánchez Font, Cuban artist
Emilio Sánchez-Perrier, Spanish painter
Emilio Sánchez, Spanish tennis player
Emilio G. Segrè, Italian physicist and Nobel laureate in physics
Emilio Sereni (1907–1977), Italian writer, politician and historian
Emilio Serrano y Ruiz, Spanish pianist and composer
Emilio Soriano Aladren, Spanish association football referee
Emilio T. Gonzalez, American director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services
Emilio Taruffi, Italian painter
Emilio Ulloa, Chilean long-distance runner
Emilio Valle, Cuban hurdler
Emilio Vedova, Italian painter
Emilio Vieyra, Argentine film director, actor, screenwriter and film producer
Emilio Vilà, French artist
Emilio Villalba Welsh, Argentine screenwriter
Emilio Villoresi, Italian Grand Prix motor racing driver
Emilio de Villota, Spanish racing driver
Emilio Zapico, Spanish racing driver
Emilio Zavattini, Italian physicist
Emilio Zebadúa, Mexican politician
Emilio Zocchi, Italian sculptor
Emilio, marquis Visconti-Venosta, Italian statesman
Given name (Emílio)
Emílio Henrique Baumgart, Brazilian engineer
Emílio Costa, Angolan singer known as Don Kikasmani
Emílio Garrastazu Médici, Brazilian President
Emílio Augusto Goeldi, Swiss-Brazilian naturalist and zoologist, also known as Émil Goeldi
Emílio Lino, Portuguese fencer
Emílio Peixe, Brazilian footballer
Emílio da Silva, footballer
See also
Emilio Alvarez (disambiguation)
Emilio Azcárraga (disambiguation)
Emilio González (disambiguation)
Emilios (disambiguation)
Emílio (disambiguation)
Emil (disambiguation)
Italian masculine given names
Spanish masculine given names
Tzameret Fuerst (born 19 January 1971) is an Israeli-American social entrepreneur. She is the co-founder and former CEO of Circ MedTech, developers of PrePex, a medical device for voluntary medical male circumcision (VMMC) of adults used in sub-Saharan Africa to prevent the spread of HIV.
Background
Social entrepreneurship
Fuerst had over 12 years experience in strategic marketing and business development roles in Israel and the USA before changing her career path in 2003, to become a social entrepreneur. She spent the first six years in the non-profit sector, during which Fuerst founded some advocacy and social organizations for the Israeli-American community in New York.
She was chairwoman and founding member of Dor Chadash, a network of Israeli and American Jews who seek to create connections with Israel and each other through cultural, educational and social events. In 2014, the organization was acquired by the Israeli American Council (IAC), making it part of a national movement.
In 2007 Fuerst, together with 92nd Street Y established Israeliness, a New York-based program helping expat children sustain their Jewish and Israeli heritage.
In 2010, Fuerst became the Co-Founder and CEO of Circ MedTech, a double bottom line company that developed PrePex.
During her tenure as CEO, PrePex attained WHO prequalification of Male Circumcision Devices as announced by the U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator, Ambassador Eric P. Goosby, gained the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance, was referenced by Bill Gates in his Annual Philanthropy Letter, was secured in pilots funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the US Government (PEPFAR) in target sub-Saharan African countries and won the Technology for Health Award by GBCHealth. In 2013, Fuerst jointly announced the first commercial launch in a press conference in Rwanda alongside the Minister of Health, Dr. Agnes Binagwaho. The Executive Director of UNAIDS, Michel Sidibe, mentioned PrePex as a revolution in the acceleration of HIV prevention, after visiting the Nyamata hospital in Rwanda, a site selected for a safety study of the circumcision device.
Fuerst's experience in the nonprofit social entrepreneurial sector helped attract impact investors such as Acumen (in 2011), a nonprofit global venture fund and BTG Pactual, a Brazilian investment bank.
References
External links
New York Times interviews Fuerst at announcement of FDA clearance of PrePex
Interview with Tzameret Fuerst on The Health Show (BBC World News)
Tzameret Fuerst's official English site
Tzameret Fuerst's official Hebrew site
Tzameret Fuerst at the AIPAC Policy Conference 2013 Presentation of the PrePex device in Washington DC
Fuerst's speech at TEDx 2015 on loneliness among the elderly
1971 births
Living people
Social entrepreneurs
American people of Israeli descent
21st-century Israeli businesswomen
20th-century Israeli businesswomen
The siege of Little Butte des Morts was a battle fought during the Fox Wars, in Wisconsin, and Michigan. The battle was fought at Little Lake Butte des Morts, in what is now Winnebago County, Wisconsin, in 1716. At the time, the Fox had a massive stronghold at Butte Des Mortes, with possibly thousands of inhabitants. New France, knowing that Butte Des Morts was an important stronghold during the Fox Wars, laid siege to the fort. The French brought two pieces of cannon and a grenade mortar. The siege lasted three days, much longer than the French had anticipated. Butte des Morts was attacked by New France again in 1730, led by Paul Marin de la Malgue.
There has recently been some doubt about the veracity of the 1730 attack, leading to the removal of the Butte des Morts historic marker in March 2017.
Notes
Winnebago County, Wisconsin
Pre-statehood history of Wisconsin
Max Embarrassing 2 () is a 2011 Danish comedy film directed by . It is a sequel to the 2008 film Max Embarrassing.
Cast
as Max (as Samuel Heller)
as Mor (as Mette Horn)
Lars Bom as Steen Cold
as Marianne
Anders Hove as Mogens
as Clavs
Faysal Mobahriz as Hassan
as Esther
Luca d'Apuzzo Poulsen as Oliver
Louise Mieritz as Ulla
References
External links
2011 films
2011 comedy films
2010s Danish-language films
Danish comedy films
Robbins Island () is one of the southwestern Joubin Islands, off the southwest coast of Anvers Island. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Stephen H. Robbins, Jr., an Able Seaman in the R.V. Hero in her first voyage to Antarctica in 1968.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
James Jenkins Dossen (c.1866 – August 17, 1924)) was a Liberian politician and jurist, serving as the 16th vice president of Liberia from 1906 to 1912 under President Arthur Barclay. He was elected president of the Liberia College in 1913, and associate judge of the Supreme Court of Liberia for 10 years, before holding the position of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Liberia for 13 years. The J.J. Dossen Memorial Hospital in Harper, Maryland County, one of the hospitals in south-eastern Liberia, is named after him.
References
Americo-Liberian people
1866 births
1924 deaths
Vice presidents of Liberia
Chief justices of Liberia
Presidents of the University of Liberia
People from Maryland County
True Whig Party politicians
20th-century Liberian politicians
20th-century Liberian judges
Kirk W. B. Wagar (born July 13, 1969) is a former United States Ambassador to Singapore. He was sworn in as Ambassador on September 4, 2013. Following the inauguration of President Donald Trump, Wagar left his post as Ambassador on 20 January 2017.
References
External links
1969 births
Ambassadors of the United States to Singapore
Living people
People from Perth County, Ontario
Place of birth missing (living people)
Roberts Wesleyan College alumni
University of Miami School of Law alumni
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Felix Kwakye Ofosu is a Ghanaian politician and former Deputy Information Minister under the National Democratic Congress (NDC) in the John Dramani Mahama Administration and currently the aspiring MP for Abura Asebu Kwamankese.
References
Government ministers of Ghana
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Ghanaian politicians
National Democratic Congress (Ghana) politicians
Lava Bear Films is a production and film financing company producing three to five projects annually that are specifically designed for the global marketplace. The company was founded in 2011 by David Linde who served as CEO until October, 2015 when Participant Media announced that Linde joined the company as its CEO. Lava Bear's development slate of over fifteen titles and upcoming productions will continue to be overseen by Tory Metzger, President and Partner of Lava Bear, with Linde's support during his transition.
The company's creative partners include David S. Goyer, David Michôd, Guillermo del Toro, Shawn Levy, Denis Villeneuve, Zhang Yimou, and Alfonso and Jonás Cuarón, among many others.
With Reliance Entertainment as its primary equity investor, Lava Bear also maintains a network of direct output partnerships in several key territories around the globe with the following companies serving to complete its worldwide distribution and financing platform:
Entertainment One (eOne) (Canada, the UK and Benelux; Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg)
Italia Films (Middle East, Greece and Turkey)
Nordisk Film (Nordic Countries: Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Finland and Iceland)
Revolutionary Releasing (Eastern Europe, excluding Russia)
Sun Distribution (Latin America)
Tele München Group (later Leonine Holding) (Germany and Austria, with certain rights in Switzerland, Luxembourg and Liechtenstein)
Reliance Entertainment (India)
Films in development & production
In November 2013, Jason Zada was signed by Lava Bear and David S. Goyer to helm the Goyer-produced film The Forest starring Natalie Dormer and Michael Huisman. Focus Features picked up the North American distribution rights to the film, which acts as Zada's feature film directorial debut and was released on January 8, 2016. Lava Bear is also produced Shut In with EuropaCorp distributing worldwide and starring Naomi Watts; and on director Sammo Hung's The Bodyguard starring Sammo Hung and Chinese superstar Andy Lau. Lava Bear is also a producer, with 21 Laps and FilmNation, on Denis Villeneuve's Arrival, starring Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner and Forest Whitaker and distributed domestically by Paramount Pictures. The company, with Esperanto Kino and Itaca Films, premiered Jonás Cuarón's Desierto as a Special Presentation at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival.
References
External links
Film production companies of the United States
Entertainment companies based in California
Companies based in Los Angeles
Entertainment companies established in 2011
2011 establishments in California
Vichyssoise ( , ), also known as potage Parmentier, velouté Parmentier, or crème Parmentier, is a thick soup made of boiled and puréed leeks, onions, potatoes, cream, and chicken stock. It is traditionally served cold, but it can be eaten hot.
Origin
Recipes for soup made of pureed leeks and potatoes were common by the 19th century in France. In 19th-century cookbooks, and still today, they are often named "Potage Parmentier" or "Potage à la Parmentier" after Antoine-Augustin Parmentier, the French nutritionist and scholar who popularized the use of potatoes in France in the 18th century. The French military cookbook of 1938 includes a recipe for "Potage Parmentier for 100 men" using milk instead of cream but with proportions and directions that are similar to the recipe for "Vichyssoise Soup" given later by Julia Child.
The origins of the name Vichyssoise are a subject of debate among culinary historians; one version of the story is that Louis XV of France was afraid of being poisoned and had so many servants taste the potato leek soup that, by the time he tried it, the soup was cold, and since he enjoyed it that way it became a cold soup. Julia Child called it "an American invention", whereas others observe that "the origin of the soup is questionable in whether it's genuinely French or an American creation".
Louis Diat, a French chef at the Ritz-Carlton in New York City who grew up in Montmarault in the Allier department near the spa resort town of Vichy, is most often credited with its reinvention. In 1950, Diat told The New Yorker magazine:
The same article explains that the soup was first called Crème Vichyssoise Glacée, after the spa town. In 1930 the restaurant's menu changed from French to English, whereupon it was called Cream Vichyssoise Glacée.
Earlier, French chef Jules Gouffé created a recipe for a hot potato and leek soup, publishing a version in Royal Cookery (1869).
See also
List of French soups and stews
List of soups
List of vegetable dishes
1971 Bon Vivant botulism case, which involved tinned vichyssoise soup
References
External links
Traditional recipe for Vichyssoise soup
Cold soups
French soups
Occitan cuisine
Potato dishes
Leek dishes
The 2022 season is the Jacksonville Jaguars' 28th season in the National Football League (NFL) and their first under head coach Doug Pederson.
During the prior season, head coach Urban Meyer was fired by the team after only 13 games in his first season as coach for the Jaguars. Offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell was named the interim head coach for the remainder of the season.
Draft
Pre-draft trades
The Carolina Panthers traded their 2022 third-round selection as well tight end Dan Arnold to Jacksonville in exchange for cornerback C.J. Henderson and Jacksonville's 2022 fifth-round selection.
The Minnesota Vikings traded a conditional fifth-round selection and a 2021 second-round selection to Jacksonville in exchange for defensive end Yannick Ngakoue. The fifth-round pick would have become a 2022 fourth-round pick if Ngakoue went to the 2021 Pro Bowl. It would have become a 2022 third-round pick if he was a 2021 Pro Bowler and the Vikings won the Super Bowl at the end of the 2020 season. This did not happen, so the pick remained in the fifth round. Fans of several other teams unsuccessfully attempted to vote Ngakoue into the Pro Bowl and cause the Vikings to give up the higher pick.
The Philadelphia Eagles traded a sixth-round selection to Jacksonville in exchange for quarterback Gardner Minshew. The sixth-round selection could have risen to the fifth round if Minshew was involved in 50% of the plays in three games this season.
The Pittsburgh Steelers traded a sixth-round selection to Jacksonville in exchange for linebacker Joe Schobert.
The Seattle Seahawks traded a sixth-round selection to Jacksonville in exchange for cornerback Sidney Jones.
The Baltimore Ravens traded a conditional seventh-round selection to Jacksonville in exchange for tight end Josh Oliver. The trade was conditional on Oliver making Baltimore's roster in 2021.
Draft day trades
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers traded their first-round selection (#27 overall) for the Jaguars' second, fourth, and sixth-round selections (#33, #106, and #180 overall).
The Philadelphia Eagles traded their fifth-round selection (#154 overall) for the Jaguars' sixth-round selections (#188 and #198 overall).
The Jaguars traded their fifth and seventh-round selections (#157, and #235 overall) for the Buccaneers' 2023 fourth-round selection.
Staff
Offseason changes
Head coach
The Jacksonville Jaguars fired first-year head coach Urban Meyer on December 16, 2021, due to on-and off-the-field issues along with a 2–11 record.
Staff
Current roster
Preseason
On February 28, the NFL announced that the Jaguars will play the Las Vegas Raiders in the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game on Thursday, August 4, at Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium in Canton, Ohio, at 8:00 p.m. EDT. The Jaguars will be represented by offensive tackle Tony Boselli, who played with the team during the franchise's first seven seasons from 1995–2001. The two teams will meet again during the regular season in Jacksonville.
Regular season
Schedule
Notes
Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Networks and times from Weeks 5–15 and Week 17 are subject to change as a result of flexible scheduling, for the exception of the Week 8 international game in London.
The date, time and network for Week 18 will be determined at the end of Week 17.
Game summaries
Week 1: at Washington Commanders
Week 2: vs. Indianapolis Colts
Week 3: at Los Angeles Chargers
Week 4: at Philadelphia Eagles
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Jacksonville
Jacksonville Jaguars seasons
Jacksonville Jaguars
Paros is an impact crater on Mars. It lies south of Ceraunius Tholus.
It was named by the IAU in 1988 after the ancient Greek city of Paros.
References
Impact craters on Mars
The Ushinara Kingdom () was a mythological kingdom which appears in the Ramayana and Mahabharata.
Mahabharata references
There are many references to Usinaras in the epic Mahabharata. At several places, it refers to king Usinara and his son prince Sibi or Sivi whose charity has been enormously glorified by sage Markandeya.
Usinara prince in Draupadis' Sywayamvara
Adi Parva of Mahabharata says that prince Sivi, son of Usinara had attended Draupadi's self-choice (Swayamvara; "groom-choosing") ceremony along with the kings of neighbouring kingdoms viz Shalya, the king of Madra Kingdom, with his son, the heroic Rukmangada, Rukmaratha, Somadatta (king of Bahlika Kingdom) of the Kuru race with his three sons - Bhuri, Bhurisrava, and Sala and Sudakshina Kamboja the arch-bowman of the Puru race See Ganguli's Trans: .
Usinaras in Kurukshetra war
The Usinaras had joined the Kurukshetra war on the side of Kauravas. Karna Parava refers to the Kekayas, the Malavas, the Madrakas, the Dravidas of fierce prowess, the Yaudheyas, the Lalittyas, the Kshudrakas, the Usinaras, the Tundikeras, the Savitriputras etc. who had supported Karna on 17th day of the war, as all having been slain by Arjuna.
Usinaras as degraded Kshatriyas
Anusasana Parva of Mahabharata states that the tribes of the Sakas, Yavanas, Kambojas, Dravidas, Kalingas, Pulindas, Usinarass, Kolisarpas, Mahishakas and others were originally noble Kshatriyas but became Vrishalas (degraded Kshatriyas) due to their lose of contact with the Brahmanas.
Further epic references
According to Mahabharatra, Sibi was son of the king of Usinara country near Gandhara. The charity and devotion of prince Sibi have been greatly extolled by the sage Markandeya in the epic.
Mahabharata also speaks of Usinara princes as sacrificing on two small streams near Jamna There was also one king Usinara i.e. king of Usinara country, contemporary of king Janaka of Videha. Garagya Balaki, a contemporary of Janaka lived for some time in Usinara country.
Mahabharata (and Katha sarit-sagara) refer to Usinaragiri which is located near Kankhala at the point where Ganges issues from the hills. It is said to be identical with Usiragiri of Divayavadana and Usira-dhvaja of Vanaya texts.
There is also an epic reference Suyajna, the king of the Usinaras.
In the Sabha Parva of the epic, Krishna tells that Usinara had a daughter named Aushinara. Aushinara married sage Gautama, at Magadha, the kingdom of Jarasandha. She gave birth to many children, including monarchs like Kakshivat.
Bhagavata Purana and the Usinaras
Bhagavata Purana attests that the prince of Usinara along with princes from Matsya, Kosala, Vidharbha, Kuru, Srnjaya, Kamboja, Kekaya, Madra, Kunti, Anarta, Kerala was present at Samanta-pancaka in Kurukshetra at the occasion of the solar eclipse.
Bhagavata Purana also states that the Usinaras, the Sibi, the Madras, and the Kekayas were the direct descendants of Yayati's son Anu. Sibi or Sivi is stated to be son of Usinara.
Consequently, in the literature, the Usinaras are often associated with the Shivis or Sibis (Sibois of the Greek writings) whose chief town Sibipura has been identified with Shorkot, in Jhang district in Pakistan.
Usinara in Buddhist literature
There is a Buddhist reference to one Usinara, said to be king of Benares who lived in the time of Kassapa Buddha. His story is related in the Maha-Kanha Jataka. He is mentioned in a list of kings who, although they gave great gifts, could not get beyond the domain of sense. It is however, not clear if this Usinara was from the Usinara clan or else it was his personal name only.
See also
Madra Kingdom
Kekaya Kingdom
References
Kingdoms in the Ramayana
Kingdoms in the Mahabharata
Microids (formerly Microïds) is a French video game developer and publisher based in Paris. Founded in 1985 by Elliot Grassiano, it attained early success with games published through Loriciel in France and other partners (including Activision and Broderbund) in international markets. Through expanding its staff and development teams, Microïds generated funds to expand from just development to publishing and distribution and opening international offices. The company merged with MC2 in 2003 to create MC2-Microïds, whereafter it acquired publishers Wanadoo Edition and Cryo Interactive. Grassiano left MC2-Microïds in 2005; under new management, MC2-Microïds was briefly renamed MC2 before returning to the old Microïds name. It was then acquired by Anuman Interactive in 2010, which itself was renamed Microïds (then simplified to Microids) in 2019.
History
Background and early years (1985–2003)
Microïds was founded by Elliot Grassiano, a French programmer. He was educated at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand school from 1972 to 1974 and later studied engineering, electronics, and computers at the École nationale supérieure d'arts et métiers. He started working as an engineer for the defence system company SAGEM in 1979. By the 1980s, Grassiano had become interested in telecommunications, consumer electronics, and video games. He acquired a Thomson MO5-model home computer, which he used to create his first game, Space Shuttle Simulator. The game was published by Loriciel and released to both critical and commercial success. Subsequently, Grassiano quit his job to establish his own company. He formally founded Microïds in 1985, setting it up in Vélizy-Villacoublay, a suburb of Paris. He was aided in these efforts by Loriciel's founders, Laurent Weill and Marc Bayle, as well as Patrick Le Nestour, another engineer. The name "Microïds" was a portmanteau of "microinformatique" ("micro-informatics") and "androids". Within its first year of operation, the company grew to five people, with Grassiano in the managerial role.
Initially, Microïds set out to create consumer robotics projects before shifting its focus solely to video games. The first Microïds-developed game was Air Attack, released by Loriciel for the Thomson MO5 to moderate commercial success. Early adventure games developed by Microïds include Oceania (developed by Le Nestour and released in 1985 for the Thomson MO5 and TO7) and Les Pyramides D'Atlantys (developed by Luc Thibaud and released for the Amstrad CPC in 1986). Air Attack provided the groundwork for subsequent Microïds games, such as 500 cc Grand Prix for the Amstrad CPC, which debuted in 1986. This game was the company's first breakthrough title, partially driven by the CPC's success in France. By way of a deal between Loriciel and Activision, the game was also released in the UK, it was also released in the US, and it was later ported to other systems, such as the Atari ST. The American market appeared especially viable for Microïds, who believed that game sales would vastly outnumber the domestic ones. For this reason, it partnered with the American publisher Broderbund in 1987, which released several Microïds games in the country, partially under altered names. In return, Microïds managed sales of Broderbund's games, notably Prince of Persia and Karateka in France.
Throughout the 1990s, Microïds underwent expansion, increasing both staff count and development team sizes. Development operations were accelerated to output more games, leading to increased profits. Through the new-earned funds, the company commenced operations in both video game publishing and distribution in 1995, and between then and 1997 opened three international subsidiaries: Microïds Italia in Milan, Microïds UK in Milton Keynes, and Microïds Canada in Montreal. By 1997, Microïds had 20 employees and a turnover of 20 million French francs. Both increased tenfold by 2002, and the Canadian studio alone house 105 of Microïds' 200 employees by 2003.
Later years (2003–present)
In 2003, Microïds merged with MC2, a French software company, with the amalgam assuming the name MC2-Microïds. In September that year, it acquired Wanadoo Edition, the games division of Wanadoo, which itself had been created through a September 2000 merger between Index+ and France Telecom Multimedia in exchange, Wanadoo received a 12% stake in MC2-Microïds. In 2004, MC2-Microïds proceeded to close Microïds UK, while Microïds Italia spun off as Blue Label Entertainment. Microïds Canada was sold off to Ubisoft in March 2005, with the studio's 50 employees integrated into Ubisoft's own Ubisoft Montreal studio. Later that year, Grassiano left MC2-Microïds due to internal disagreements. He was succeeded by Index+ founder Emmanuel Olivier, who was named chief executive officer (CEO). With this management change, MC2-Microïds shortened its name to just "MC2". This decision was reversed in November 2007, when it returned to the original "Microïds" name. In 2008, Microïds further acquired the assets and intellectual property of bankrupt publisher Cryo Interactive.
In 2009, the publisher Anuman Interactive, while in the process of being acquired by Média-Participations, began looking for possible acquisitions of its own. That November, the company announced its intent to acquire Microïds. The acquisition was completed on 1 January 2010, after which Microïds continued operating as a division of Anuman. Alongside the acquisition, Olivier left the company. A sub-label for non-adventure games, Microïds Games for All, was launched the same year. In 2013, Grassiano joined Anuman and became the vice-president for Microïds. Additionally, an indie game label, Microïds Indie, was opened in September 2016. In July 2019, the Microïds label name was simplified to "Microids". That October, Microids announced that Anuman would be renamed "Microids", with Anuman CEO Stéphane Longeard becoming the CEO of Microids, co-managing it with Grassiano. Microids also opened a Japanese office run by Martial Meyssignac and Yves Bléhaut, and strengthened the Microids Indie label with a dedicated team managed by Vincent Dondaine. A distribution arm, Microids Distribution France, was established in December 2020.
Investments
Games
References
External links
French companies established in 1985
Companies based in Paris
Video game companies established in 1985
Video game companies of France
Video game development companies
Video game publishers
2010 mergers and acquisitions
"Spaceman" is a single by Dutch DJ and record producer Hardwell. It was released for digital download on 23 January 2012. A second version called "Call Me a Spaceman" featuring vocals by Dutch singer Mitch Crown and was released on 18 May 2012. Another vocal version was created in collaboration with Bright Lights. Despite Hardwell claiming that the latter was his favorite, his management decided to rather release "Call Me a Spaceman". Titled as "Mr. Spaceman" Bright Lights offered the track as a free download in late 2015. For "Spaceman"'s five-years anniversary he released the remastered Bright Lights version as "Mr. Spaceman (2017 edit)".
It is considered one of the most popular big room house songs of all-time along with "Animals" by Martin Garrix, "Epic" by Sandro Silva and Quintino, "Tsunami" by Dvbbs and Borgeous and "Tremor" by Martin Garrix and Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike.
Music video
On 18 May 2012, Hardwell uploaded the music video for "Call Me A Spaceman" on his YouTube account.
Track listing
Digital download
"Spaceman" – 6:19
Digital download
"Call Me a Spaceman" (radio edit) – 3:09
"Call Me a Spaceman" (extended mix) – 6:19
Digital download (Carnage Festival Trap remix)
"Spaceman" (Carnage Festival Trap remix) – 3:54
Digital download – EP
"Spaceman" (original mix) – 6:19
"Spaceman" (Headhunterz remix) – 5:42
"Spaceman" (Drown the Fish remix) – 4:24
"Spaceman" (Naffz remix) – 4:35
"Call Me a Spaceman" (radio edit) – 3:09
"Call Me a Spaceman" (extended mix) – 6:19
Digital download (Outer Space remixes) – EP
"Spaceman" (Headhunterz remix) – 5:42
"Spaceman" (Drown the Fish remix) – 4:24
"Spaceman" (Naffz remix) – 4:35
Dr Phunk Remix
"Spaceman" (Dr Phunk Remix) – 3:42
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 singles
2012 songs
Hardwell songs
Songs written by Hardwell
Kala Bakra village comes under the Bhogpur development block of Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab. Its name means "black goat".
About
Kala Bakra lies on the Jalandhar-Pathankot road. Its area is 454 hectares with a population of 2,456 individuals (according to the 1991 census). The village has its own primary and secondary school, railway station and government hospital.
Post Code and STD Code
Kala Bakra's post and STD codes are 144303 and 0181 respectively.
See also
Aemakazi
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
The 1897 Middleton by-election was held on 4 November 1897 after the incumbent Conservative MP Thomas Fielden died. The seat was narrowly gained by the Liberal candidate James Duckworth, who would lose the seat at the next general election in 1900.
References
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Lancashire constituencies
1897 elections in the United Kingdom
Paul Gerber (1854 Berlin, Germany – 13 August 1909 Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany) was a German physics teacher. He studied in Berlin from 1872-1875. In 1877 he became a teacher at the Realgymnasium (high school) in Stargard in Pommern. Gerber is known for his controversial work on the speed of gravity and the perihelion shift of Mercury's orbit.
Gravitation
Basic concept
Based on the electrodynamic laws of Wilhelm Eduard Weber, Carl Friedrich Gauß, and Bernhard Riemann, between 1870-1900 many scientists tried to combine gravitation with a finite propagation speed and tried to derive the correct value for the perihelion shift of Mercury's orbit. In 1890 Maurice Lévy succeeded in doing so by combining the laws of Weber and Riemann, whereby the speed of gravity is equal to the speed of light in his theory. However, because the basic laws of Weber and others were wrong (for example, Weber's law was superseded by Maxwell's equations), those hypotheses were rejected.
A variation of those superseded theories (albeit not directly based on Weber's theory) was the one of Gerber, which he developed in 1898 and 1902. By assuming a finite speed of gravity, he developed the following expression for the gravitational potential:
Using the binomial theorem to second order it follows:
According to Gerber, the relation of the speed of gravity (c) and the perihelion shift (Ψ) is:
where
, ε = Eccentricity, a = Semi-major axis, τ = Orbital period.
So Gerber was able to calculate a speed of gravity of ca. 305 000 km/s, slightly more than the speed of light.
Controversy
Gerber's formula gives for the perihelion shift:
It was noted by the Einstein- and relativity critic Ernst Gehrcke in 1916, that this formula is mathematically identical to Albert Einstein's formula (1915) for general relativity.
, where e = Eccentricity, a = Semi-major axis, T = Orbital period.
So Gehrcke initiated a reprint of Gerber's 1902-paper in the Annalen der Physik in 1917, where he questioned the priority of Einstein and tried to prove a possible plagiarism by him. However, according to Albrecht Fölsing, Klaus Hentschel and Roseveare, those claims were rejected, because soon after Gerber's paper was reprinted, scientists like Hugo von Seeliger, Max von Laue published some papers, where it was claimed that Gerber's theory is inconsistent and his formula is not the consequence of his premises. And Einstein wrote in 1920:
In the recent past, Roseveare argued that Gerber's derivation is unclear, however, he claimed to have found the way by which Gerber possibly found his result (although Roseveare's derivation was criticized as well). More importantly, Roseveare showed that Gerber's theory is in conflict with experience: the value for the deflection of light in the gravitational field of the sun is too high in Gerber's theory, and if the relativistic mass is considered, also Gerber's prediction for the perihelion advance is wrong.
References
Primary sources
(Originally published in Programmabhandlung des städtischen Realgymnasiums zu Stargard i. Pomm., 1902)
Secondary sources
Hentschel, Klaus: „Interpretationen und Fehlinterpretationen der speziellen und der allgemeinen Relativitätstheorie durch Zeitgenossen Albert Einsteins“, Basel: Birkhäuser, 1990 (= Science Networks, 6), pp. 150–162.
Notes
External links
Scientists from Berlin
19th-century German physicists
1854 births
1909 deaths
Valdosta Regional Airport is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Valdosta, a city in Lowndes County, Georgia, United States. It is owned by the Valdosta-Lowndes County Airport Authority. The Valdosta Regional airport is mostly used for general aviation, but is also served by Delta Air Lines, which offers service to Atlanta. The airport also offers free parking.
Facilities and aircraft
Valdosta Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 203 feet (62 m) above mean sea level. It has three asphalt paved runways: 17/35 measuring 8,002 x 150 ft. (2,439 x 46 m), 4/22 measuring 5,598 x 100 ft. (1,706 x 30 m), and 13/31 measuring 3,636 x 75 ft. (1,108 x 23 m).
After the completion of runway 17/35 in the summer of 2007, Valdosta now has the third longest runway in the state of Georgia (excluding military bases). The longest runway is at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport and the second longest is at the Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport.
For the 12-month period ending May 31, 2007, the Valdosta Regional airport had 73,565 aircraft operations, an average of 201 per day: 55% general aviation, 41% military, 3% air taxi and 1% scheduled commercial. At that time there were 53 aircraft based at this airport: 68% single-engine, 28% multi-engine and 4% jet.
Daily air service is provided to Atlanta by Delta Connection, utilizing Canadair Regional Jet 200 aircraft.
In July 2018, a new passenger boarding bridge, or jet bridge, was added to the terminal building. It remained unused for over a year, after a piece was installed upside down. The bridge is currently in use as of June 2021.
History
Opened in April 1940, the airport was taken over by the United States Army Air Corps in 1941. During World War II, the airport was used as an auxiliary airfield for Moody Army Airfield, supporting the Army pilot training school. The airport was returned to civil control at the end of the war.
Airline and destination
Top destinations
See also
Georgia World War II Army Airfields
References
External links
Valdosta Regional Airport, official website
Owens Aircraft
Valdosta Aero Testing Center
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Georgia (U.S. state)
Airports in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures in Lowndes County, Georgia
Transportation in Lowndes County, Georgia
Airports established in 1940
1940 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Cape Romain Lighthouses are a pair of brick lighthouses on Lighthouse Island southeast of McClellanville, South Carolina. The lighthouses are on the Cape Romain National Wildlife Refuge. The lighthouses were named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
Building of the lighthouses
Need
During the times of Spanish exploration, Cape Romain was known as Cape Roman, and then briefly, Cape Carteret. The Cape's shoals were treacherous, extending seven to nine miles off the coast. In the days before lighthouses, many vessels and lives were lost when ships ventured onto the shoals, and wind and waves claimed them for the sea.
First building
When lighthouses were built to warn mariners away from the shoals, they saved many lives. The first lighthouse on Cape Romain was built by Winslow Lewis in 1827 on Northeast Raccoon Key. It cost $10,000 and the deal came with light keeper's quarters. The short, conical, brick lighthouse was 87 ½ feet tall. Its red stationary light was fitted with 11 lamps and 21 inch reflectors. This lighthouse was a functional disappointment because the red, whale oil wick lamp could not be seen beyond 9–14 nautical miles. Today it is one of the few remaining lighthouses of its period in the U.S.
Second building
In 1853, $20,000 was appropriated to build a second lighthouse nearby, and to remove an old wind mill on Mill Island. A wick house, boat house, and two more dwellings were added nearby.
During construction, builders noticed that the new brick tower leaned toward the mainland. The lean has worsened over the years and today the tower is more than three feet off plumb.
Light keepers accessed the first order Fresnel lens after climbing 212 spiraling, cast-iron steps. The light was lit by oil lamp, with a revolving beam visible for 19 miles.
Destruction and earthquakes
Just three years after the lighthouse was completed, the Civil War began, and lighthouses along the Atlantic Coast went dark. The light at Cape Romain was restored in 1866.
On August 31, 1886, “The keeper was in his house when the shock came. A gradually increasing rumbling ‘sounding something like a battery of artillery or a troop of cavalry crossing a long bridge,' was heard before the shock. In less than a minute came the shocks, the first one lasting about two minutes, the next one as long and at about two minute intervals. The shocks did the tower no injury but its vibration was great. About a thousand “cranes” nest on the Key during the summer months, and these were flying about ‘making a fearful noise,' during the shock, (“A Descriptive Narrative of the Earthquake of August 31, 1886, by Carlyle McKinley.)
Lighthouse families
Opportunities for socializing were rare. Located seven miles from the mainland, isolation impacted every aspect of life for lighthouse families. Children had to be sent away to attend school. In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, McClellanville's villagers began holding “Cape Parties” on Lighthouse Island. They played games, swam, caught fish, and collected crabs and oysters, then they roasted their tasty sea treats on the beach.
Assistant keeper Hepburn Morrison (1893–1896), told his granddaughter, Judy Fortner, that “the girls loved” his uniform. To entertain visitors, he would climb to the top and stand on his head, with his legs wrapped around the lightning rod tip!
Refuge
In 1932 Lighthouse Island, Cape Island, Raccoon Key, and thousands of acres of salt marsh and tidal creeks were included in the new Cape Romain Migratory Bird Refuge. At that time it was managed by the U.S. Biological Survey, now known as the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
For many years, refuge employees have sought resourceful solutions to protect the lighthouses from the damaging winds, storms, and salt air, but time has taken its toll. Because national wildlife refuges are established to care for animals and their habitats, the funding the refuge receives is for habitat and species management, rather than historic preservation. When refuge employees linked their efforts with partner and supporter Tommy Graham, disintegration of the old lights slowed.
Graham, a local historic restoration professional, worked with a team of refuge staff and volunteers to repair and repaint the lighthouses in 1983. Today he is working with Glenn Keyes, historic preservation architect, and John Moore, structural engineer, to design a solution for the rusted and unstable spiraling steps and to stabilize the structural instability of the lantern room.
Four guided tours a year are offered by Cape Romain NWR, with transportation provided by Coastal Expeditions Ferry.
References
Have you seen the Lights? from "Life in the Wild", Volume 5, Cape Romain National Wildlife Refuge, at Cape Romain National Wildlife Refuge
External links
Lighthousefriends.com Cape Romain Lighthouses page
Current pictures from the Beach Bum's site
Lighthouses completed in 1827
Lighthouses completed in 1857
Lighthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Buildings and structures in Charleston County, South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Charleston County, South Carolina
Inclined towers
1827 establishments in South Carolina
Mykola Konrad () was a Ukrainian Greek Catholic priest who became a martyr in 1941.
Biography
Konrad was born on 16 May 1876 in the village of Strusiv in Ternopil Region. He studied philosophy and theology in Rome, where he defended his dissertation and received his doctorate. He was ordained a priest in 1899. He taught for a time in high schools in Berezhany and Terebovlya. In 1929 he founded Obnova ("Renewal") the first communion of Ukrainian Catholic students, and in 1930 he was asked by Metropolitan Andriy Sheptytsky to teach at the Lviv Theological Academy. He was then appointed parish priest in the village of Stradch.
On 26 June 1941 he was murdered along with Volodymyr Pryjma, in a forest near Stradch as they were returning from the house of a sick woman who had requested the sacrament of reconciliation.
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 27 June 2001.
Influence
In an interview, Mykola Markevych said, "Doctor Konrad, a professor at the Academy, my catechist... O, he was a distinguished person. An ideal man. He was very involved with youth; he had a heart for youth- and for his people. He wanted us to be patriots, good and aware students. That was Father Konrad."
See also
References
1876 births
1941 deaths
People from Ternopil Oblast
People from the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Ukrainian Austro-Hungarians
Members of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church
Ukrainian beatified people
Ukrainian people executed by the Soviet Union
Catholic people executed by the Soviet Union
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
"Reggaetón en lo Oscuro" is a song by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel from their album, Los Campeones del Pueblo: The Big Leagues. They co-wrote the song with Luis O'Neill, José Torres, and Jumbo who also produced it with the duo. It was released by Sony Music Latin on October 25, 2018. The single was a commercial success across Latin America. The music video was shot in San Juan and released on October 30, 2018.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of Billboard number-one Latin songs of 2019
References
2018 songs
2018 singles
Wisin & Yandel songs
Reggaeton songs
Sony Music Latin singles
Spanish-language songs
Songs written by Wisin
Songs written by Yandel
Damone Lamar Brown (born June 28, 1979) is an American former professional basketball player. He is 6'9" and 212 lb, and played the forward position. After playing college basketball at Syracuse University, he was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the second round of the 2001 NBA draft. Throughout his NBA career he played for the 76ers, the Toronto Raptors, the New Jersey Nets and the Washington Wizards while averaging 2.8 points and 1.3 rebounds per game in 39 career games. He played seven games with the Indiana Pacers in the 2005–06 preseason.
Brown's final NBA game was played on April 15, 2005 in a 119 - 111 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers where he recorded 2 points and 1 rebound in 3 minutes of playing time.
In 2007, Brown was a member of the NBA Development League's Sioux Falls Skyforce. In the 2008 D-League Expansion Draft Brown had his rights drafted by the Reno Bighorns.
On February 26, 2009, Brown was arrested in Reno, Nevada and charged with money laundering in connection with a cocaine ring operating in Buffalo, New York.
In 2010, Brown played for the Buffalo Stampede of the PBL (Premier Basketball League).
Coaching career
In 2015, Brown was hired an assistant coach at Villa Maria College in Buffalo, New York. After spending three seasons with the Vikings, Brown was hired as the head coach at Bryant & Stratton College of Buffalo to lead the first year program. He led the Bobcats to a 17–12 record in their inaugural season and a trip to the United States Collegiate Athletic Association (USCAA) National Final Four. This past season, Brown once again led the Bobcats to a trip to the national tournament, finishing the season 19–11 after the tournament was cut short to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Brown also continues to coach with the private coaching service, CoachUp, giving lessons in upstate New York.
References
External links
NBA stats @ basketballreference.com
1979 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in Mexico
American expatriate basketball people in the Netherlands
American expatriate basketball people in South Korea
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Buffalo, New York
Charleston Lowgators players
Heroes Den Bosch players
Guaros de Lara (basketball) players
Huntsville Flight players
New Jersey Nets players
Philadelphia 76ers draft picks
Philadelphia 76ers players
Reno Bighorns players
Seoul SK Knights players
Sioux Falls Skyforce players
Small forwards
Syracuse Orange men's basketball players
Toronto Raptors players
Washington Wizards players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Pedro Malo de Villavicencio (sometimes Pedro de Malo de Villavicencio) was a member of the Royal Audiencia of Mexico City in the first half of the eighteenth century. From August 1741 to November 3, 1742, he served as viceroy of New Spain, in his capacity as president of the Audiencia.
Biography
Dr. Malo de Villavicencio was a native of Seville, Spain. He arrived in New Spain in 1709. As prosecutor in the Audiencia, he made a comprehensive report to the viceroy on the infestation of brigands on the highway between Puebla de Los Angeles and Mexico City. For this and other valuable work, the military auditor rewarded him with the rank of colonel of infantry. The auditor did this by completing one of the blank letters patent the king had supplied him to reward such services.
He was president of the Audiencia when Viceroy Pedro de Castro y Figueroa died, on August 22, 1741. In this capacity, he served as interim viceroy until April 30, 1742, when the new viceroy, Pedro Cebrián, 5th Count of Fuenclara, arrived to fill the vacancy.
See also
List of Viceroys of New Spain
External links
Information on his work to suppress banditry
Colonial Mexico
Mexican people of Spanish descent
18th-century Mexican people
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
The Gurez Avalanche Accident was a series of four avalanches that claimed the lives of 24 persons, including 20 soldiers and four civilians in Jammu and Kashmir on the evening of 25 January 2017.
Avalanche
Kashmir valley witnessed multiple heavy snowfall spells in January 2017 that triggered an avalanche, killing 24 people, including 20 Indian Army Personnel, whose camp was struck by the avalanche. An analysis of the heavy snowfall events that occurred at the majority of districts in Kashmir during January 2017 was analysed by Rafiq and Mishra using station data from the India Meteorological Department (IMD). Results show that there were three episodes of intense snowfall over different parts of Kashmir. Maximum daily accumulated snowfall measurements of about 11.5 and 9.2 cm were recorded at Pahalgam and Banihall stations, respectively, on 26 January 2017. Gulmarg also recorded a maximum daily accumulated snowfall of 8.8 cm on 25 January 2017. The snowfall anomaly data show that Gulmarg, Srinagar, Kupwara, Banihall, Quazigund and Pahalgam witnessed the highest snowfall of recent decades. Gulmarg and Pahalgam recorded cumulative snowfall measurements of about 38.4 and 30 cm, respectively, during January. Data from the region reveal that the accumulated snow from three episodes of intense snowfall during 6–8, 15–17 and 25–27 January 2017 resulted in an avalanche over Kashmir.
There was heavy snowfall before the accident, there had been multiple avalanches in Jammu and Kashmir. The Chandigarh based Snow and Avalanche Study Establishment warned of more avalanches in Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh before the accident took place.
The first avalanche hit Gurez on 25 of January morning, in which a family of four civilians died. The second took place around the same time in Sonmarg, chiefly a tourist area, where an army camp was located. While seven soldiers were rescued later Indian Army Braveheart Major Amit Sagar, who had been buried in snow was martyred
In the evening, two avalanches again hit the Gurez Valley roughly 150 km from Sonmarg in quick succession. One affected an army camp located there, the other hit a group of soldiers who had been out on patrol. The bodies of 10 soldiers have been recovered from the area, the army said. It is not yet known how many soldiers are missing.
On 28 January 4 more bodies of soldiers were found taking the death toll to 15 soldiers.
References
2010s avalanches
2017 disasters in India
2017 natural disasters
Natural disasters in India
January 2017 events in India
Disasters in Jammu and Kashmir
A. Félix Poulin () was a French tennis player who was active during the beginning of the 20th century.
Career
He was a finalist at the Monte-Carlo Championships in 1913 in which he was defeated in three straight sets by Anthony Wilding. The match report mentioned "Poulin is a dashing volleyer, but his forehand ground shots are weak. He was brilliant without being safe." In 1913 he won the singles title at the tournament in Aix-Les-Bains, defeating P. Wallet in five sets.
In 1911 he reached the final of the Lyons Covered Courts Championships which he lost to Anthony Wilding in straight sets, winning only one game. He again lost to Wilding in 1914 in the final of the tournament at The Country Club, Nice.
Poulin reached the semifinals of the World Hard Court Championships in 1914.
He participated in singles event of the 1912 Wimbledon Championships, received a bye in the first round, but withdrew from his second round match against C.J. Adams. Poulin also took part in the 1926 French Championships, making the third round in which he lost in five sets to Nicolae Mișu.
During World War I Poulin was attached to the British Army in France.
References
External links
French male tennis players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
French military personnel of World War I
Chintal Gandhi (born 25 August 1994) is an Indian cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Baroda in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Baroda cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Guy Stevens (13 April 1943 – 28 August 1981) was a British music industry figure whose roles included DJ, record producer, and band manager. He was influential in promoting R&B music in Britain in the 1960s, gave the rock bands Procol Harum and Mott the Hoople their distinctive names, and co-produced The Clash's album London Calling.
Early life and career
Stevens was born in East Dulwich, London. His father Edgar died when he was six, and at the age of 11 he was enrolled at Woolverstone Hall boarding school near Ipswich. After being expelled for rebelliousness, he started work with his brother in the insurance industry, at the same time starting a record collection of blues and R&B records, imported from the U.S. He married Diane Cox in 1965 and had a son the following year.
In 1963, he started a weekly "R&B Disc Night" at the Scene Club in Soho, run by Ronan O'Rahilly, at which Stevens often played obscure Stax, Chess and Motown records, attracting a growing number of mod clubgoers and musicians, including members of The Who, The Small Faces, The Yardbirds, The Rolling Stones and The Beatles. Stevens compiled and annotated reissues and compilations of American records, particularly for EMI. He wrote the first UK press profiles of such musicians as Muddy Waters and Howlin' Wolf in the Record Mirror.
Sue and Island Records
Stevens was approached by record company executive Chris Blackwell in 1964 to run the Sue record label in the UK, as an offshoot of Island Records. He took responsibility for releasing a string of successful R&B singles on Sue in the UK, including records by Ike and Tina Turner, Rufus Thomas, Elmore James, Wilbert Harrison, Donnie Elbert, and Inez and Charlie Foxx. He also compiled and annotated The Sue Story compilation LPs. Stevens used the Sue label to put out obscure American singles not only from the U.S. Sue group of labels, but from many small independent record companies, and some of the bigger ones. It became widely influential. Stevens was also president of the Chuck Berry Appreciation Society, and had a say in the UK releases that Pye International put out by Berry, Bo Diddley and others on the Chess and Checker labels. It was Guy Stevens who brought Berry to the UK for his first tour after paying his bail to get him out of jail for offences under the Mann Act.
He broke into record production at Blackwell's suggestion in 1965, firstly on a single by Alex Harvey and then producing live albums by Larry Williams and Lee Dorsey. The following year, he was appointed head of A&R at Island Records. His first signing to the label was Birmingham band The V.I.P.s, who soon changed their name to Art. Stevens produced their early recordings, before they added keyboardist Gary Wright to become Spooky Tooth. Stevens also managed and produced Hapshash and the Coloured Coat, an artistic and musical collaboration between the band Art and designers Michael English and Nigel Waymouth, which led to the album Featuring the Human Host and the Heavy Metal Kids.
Stevens also introduced lyricist Keith Reid to keyboardist Gary Brooker of The Paramounts. He encouraged them to write together, and reportedly commented to Reid at a party that a friend had turned "a whiter shade of pale". The resulting song was recorded by Brooker's newly formed band, named Procol Harum by Stevens, and – though turned down by Blackwell at Island – went on to become one of the defining songs of the era.
In 1968, Stevens was imprisoned for several months for drug offences, during which time his record collection was stolen, leading to a breakdown. However, on his release he returned to Island Records, and produced albums by Free, Mighty Baby, and Heavy Jelly.
Mott the Hoople
While working for Island, Stevens was fundamental in the formation of Mott the Hoople. The band was originally called "Silence," with the line-up of Stan Tippins on vocals, Mick Ralphs on lead guitar, Verden Allen on keyboards, Overend Watts on bass, and Dale Griffin on drums. Envisioning a band with a sound that would be a combination of The Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan, Stevens recruited and mentored Ian Hunter as lead singer, and demoted Stan Tippins to road manager. Stevens also named the band after the Willard Manus novel, which he had read while in prison.
Stevens served as the Mott's manager, and produced their eponymous 1969 debut album and its 1970 follow-up, Mad Shadows (1970). After Mad Shadows met with poor sales and negative reviews, Mott dispensed with Stevens' services and produced their third album, Wildlife (1971), by themselves. After that album's commercial failure, Mott re-recruited Stevens to produce the Brain Capers album (1971). On the verge of splitting up in 1972, Mott again dropped Stevens, and signed to Tony DeFries' company MainMan. Mott's fifth album, All the Young Dudes, was produced by David Bowie.
Later activities
By the mid-1970s, Stevens' activities had become increasingly erratic as a result of his chronic alcoholism.
The Clash
In 1976 Stevens was present, although not clearly as a producer, on a demo session which The Clash undertook before they were signed. Mick Jones recalled that:
In 1979, the band recruited Stevens to produce their album London Calling. The band themselves have always held up Stevens' input as a major factor in the album's popularity and quality.The Clash involved Stevens because they recognized the influential role he had played in the British beat and blues booms of the 1960s. The Who, The Small Faces, The Rolling Stones and many others used Stevens' knowledge of the American R&B and soul scene as a source for their own repertoire, having heard of him through his deejaying at the New Scene Club. Stevens' involvement with the production of London Calling is explored extensively in Marcus Grey's book Route 19 Revisited: The Clash and the Making of London Calling (2012).
Death and legacy
Stevens was last seen alive at his home in South-east London on August 29 1981. His body was found on 31 August. His death was the result of an overdose on the prescription drugs he was taking to reduce his alcohol dependency.
Later that year The Clash wrote a song in his honour: "Midnight to Stevens". It is a lush, sweeping song that sounds unlike almost anything the Clash recorded despite the wide range of styles on Sandinista! and Combat Rock. It was eventually released as the b-side of a 12" Clash single in the summer of 1982. It was later re-released in 1991, when it appeared on disc three of the compilation Clash on Broadway.
Free recorded 'Guy Stevens Blues' as a tribute although the track remained unissued until 2001.
Stevens' involvement in Mott the Hoople's early career was covered in the 2011 documentary, The Ballad of Mott the Hoople. Stevens also produced Free's debut album Tons of Sobs, the eponymous debut album of Mighty Baby, and the debut of Spooky Tooth, Supernatural Fairy Tales.
A poem in tribute to Stevens was included by Ian Hunter on the lyric sheet of his 1983 CBS album All Of The Good Ones Are Taken, which concluded: "I remember the guy with the electric hair at that first rehearsal standing there. You gave your heart - you gave your soul. God bless you, Guy - Rock n Roll!"
In assessing himself, Stevens stated, "There are only two Phil Spectors in the world... and I'm one of them!"
References
External links
Procol Harum.com biography of Guy Stevens
1943 births
1981 deaths
English record producers
People from East Dulwich
20th-century British musicians
English DJs
English music journalists
English people convicted of drug offences
Drug-related deaths in England
Søren Kragh-Jacobsen (; born 2 March 1947, in Copenhagen) is a Danish film director, musician, and songwriter. He was one of the founders and practitioners of the Dogme95 project, for creating films without artificial technology or techniques.
Early career
Kragh-Jacobsen started out as a popular musician in Denmark, before attending film school in Prague. After returning to Denmark, he directed and co-wrote television productions.
He became one of the developers of the avant-garde film-making project Dogme95, based on creating films based only on reality, without artificial lighting and technology.
Career
His first feature film was Wanna See My Beautiful Navel? (1978). This was followed by the successful Rubber Tarzan (1981), Thunderbirds (1983), Emma's Shadow (1988), Shower of Gold (1988), The Boys from St. Petri (1991), The Island on Bird Street (1997), and his international break-through, dogme No. 3 Mifune's Last Song (1999), and Skagerrak (2003). Mifune's Last Song won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival. Skagerrak was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival. He has done some commercials and Danish/Swedish TV series.
Acclaimed internationally, he has received several major awards for his work, including the Memorial François Truffaut Award/Giffoni, an Emmy for The Island on Bird Street and a Silver Bear at the Berlinale film festival in Berlin for Mifune's Last Song. The Boys from St. Petri was screened out of competition at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
Marriage and family
Kragh-Jacobsen is married to musician Cæcilie Nordgreen. They live in Copenhagen with their two children.
Filmography
References
External links
1947 births
European Film Awards winners (people)
Living people
Danish film directors
Recipients of the Crown Prince Couple's Culture Prize
Lycoperdon echinatum, commonly known as the spiny puffball or the spring puffball, is a type of puffball mushroom in the family Agaricaceae. The saprobic species has been found in Africa, Europe, Central America, and North America, where it grows on soil in deciduous woods, glades, and pastures. It has been proposed that North American specimens be considered a separate species, Lycoperdon americanum, but this suggestion has not been followed by most authors. Molecular analysis indicates that L. echinatum is closely related to the puffball genus Handkea.
The fruit bodies of L. echinatum are wide by tall, supported by a small base, and densely covered with spines that are up to long. The spines can fall off in maturity, leaving a net-like pattern of scars on the underlying surface. Initially white in color, the puffballs turn a dark brown as they mature, at the same time changing from nearly round to somewhat flattened. Young specimens of L. echinatum resemble another edible spiny puffball, Lycoperdon pulcherrimum, but the latter species does not turn brown as it ages. The fruit bodies are edible when young, when the interior is white and firm and before it has turned into a powdery brown mass of spores. Laboratory tests have shown that extracts of the fruit bodies can inhibit the growth of several bacteria that are pathogenic to humans.
Taxonomy and phylogeny
The species was first described by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1797. It was later reduced to a variety of Lycoperdon gemmatum (as L. gemmatum var. echinatum; L. gemmatum is now known as Lycoperdon perlatum) by Elias Magnus Fries, but American mycologist Charles Horton Peck, who extensively studied the North American distribution of the genus, raised it again to species level in 1879. He thought it worthy of status as a species distinct from L. gemmatum because of the different character of its warts, its much spinier appearance, and the smoother surface of the peridium underneath the spines. Miles Joseph Berkeley and Christopher Edmund Broome wrote of the fungus in 1871, but believed their specimen, collected from Reading, Berkshire, by Hoyle, represented a new species, which they called Lycoperdon Hoylei. They wrote that their specimen agreed "exactly with an authentic specimen of Persoon's L. echinatum externally, who could, however, scarcely have overlooked the lilac spores." Despite the apparent difference in spore color, L. Hoylei is currently considered synonymous with L. echinatum. Utraria echinata, named by Lucien Quélet in 1873, is another synonym for L. echinatum.
In 1972, Vincent Demoulin described the species Lycoperdon americanum on the basis of a specimen found in North Carolina. Although he believed it to be a unique species, several authors consider it synonymous with L. echinatum. Phylogenetic analysis of the sequence and secondary structure of the ribosomal RNA (rRNA) genes coding for the internal transcribed spacer units suggests that Lycoperdon echinatum forms a clade with the puffball genus Handkea, separate from the type species of Lycoperdon, Lycoperdon perlatum. In previous analyses that used only the rRNA sequences for phylogenetic comparison, L. echinatum formed a clade with L. mammiforme, L. foetidum, and Bovistella radicata (now known as Lycoperdon radicatum), but separate from L. pyriforme.
The species is commonly known as the "spiny puffball" or the "spring puffball"; Peck referred to the species as the "echinate puff-ball". The specific epithet echinatum is derived from the Greek word echinos (εχινος) meaning "hedgehog" or "sea-urchin".
Description
The fruit bodies of L. echinatum are wide by tall, and are roughly spherical, or pear-shaped. The exterior surface is crowded with spines that may be up to long. According to Curtis Gates Lloyd, American specimens have more slender spines than European ones. Initially white and becoming dark brown in maturity, the spines are often joined at the tips in groups of three or four. In this form the puffballs resemble acorn caps of burr oak, with which they may readily be confused. The spines slough off in age, revealing a somewhat net-like or reticulated surface. The fruit body has a small base that is an off-white or purple-gray color, and it may be attached to the growing surface by thin white cords (rhizomorphs). The internal contents of the puffball contain the gleba, a mass of spores and associated spore-producing cells. In young specimens the gleba is white and firm, but as the puffball ages, it turns yellowish and then brown to purple-brown and powdery. Mature specimens develop a pore at the top of the fruit body through which spores are released when hit by falling raindrops.
The spores of L. echinatum, roughly spherical with warts on the surface, have diameters between 4 and 6 µm. The capillitia (coarse thick-walled hyphae in the gleba) are elastic, brown in color, contain small pores, and are 5–8 µm thick. The basidia (the spore-bearing cells) may be attached to two to four spores, and the sterigmata (tapered spine-like projections from the basidia that attach the spores) are up to 5 µm long.
Like most other puffball species, L. echinatum is edible when still young and while the gleba is still white and firm. Consumption of older specimens with a non-white gleba, or where the gleba has turned into a powdery spore mass, may cause stomach upsets. This species has a mild taste, and no distinguishable odor, although one source describes the smell of dried fruit bodies as similar to "old ham". One source notes that it is "well flavoured and tender when cooked", while another describes the texture (of edible puffballs in general) as "somewhat like French toast". Antonio Carluccio recommends sautéeing puffballs with other mushrooms. To avoid possible confusion with potentially deadly Amanita species, it is recommended to slice young puffballs with a longitudinal cut to ensure that the flesh is devoid of any internal structures.
Similar species
Lycoperdon pulcherrimum closely resembles L. echinatum, but its spines are stouter, do not turn brown in age, and the surface of the fruit body underneath the spines is smooth, not pitted. Alexander H. Smith noted that in youth, they are "difficult if not impossible to distinguish from each other, but this will cause no inconvenience to those collecting for the table, since both are edible." In some areas the two species appear to intergrade, as specimens may be found whose spines turn brown but do not fall off. Young specimens of L. pedicellatum may also be difficult to distinguish from L. echinatum, but the former has a smooth outer surface when mature, and has spores attached to a pedicel (a narrow extension of the basidium on which the sterigmata and spores are formed) that is about 4–5 times as long as the spore. Lycoperdon compactum, found only in New Zealand, also resembles L. echinatum in appearance, but differs in having smaller spores, capillitia that are hyaline (translucent) and septate (with partitions that divide the capillitia into compartments).
Habitat, distribution, and ecology
Lycoperdon echinatum can be found either solitary or in small groups. It typically grows on the ground in deciduous forests and grassy areas, glades and pastures, on moss, humus, or woody debris. The fungus has been noted to have a preference for beech woods. Fruit bodies may make their appearance anytime from the late spring to autumn. Older specimens are more likely to be overlooked, as their brown color blends into the surrounding environment of dead leaves and dead wood. The puffball is used by various species of scuttle flies (family Phoridae) as larval food.
This species has been collected from eastern central Africa, China, Costa Rica, Iran, Japan, and Europe (including Britain, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Italy, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland). In North America, it is "locally frequent" east of the Rocky Mountains.
It is considered a threatened species in Åland (Finland). A study of the species' distribution in Sweden reported that in the 1940s and 50s, it grew in beech woods with broad-leaved grasses and herbs in topsoils with soil pH levels between 5.0 and 6.6, but the populations have since decreased owing to soil acidification during the last several decades. Fruit bodies collected near arsenic-contaminated sites have been shown to bioaccumulate arsenic, largely in the form of arsenobetaine.
Antimicrobial activity
Using a standard laboratory method to determine antimicrobial susceptibility, methanol-based extracts of Lycoperdon umbrinum fruit bodies were shown in a 2005 study to have "significant" antibacterial activity against various human pathogenic bacteria, including Bacillus subtilis, Escherichia coli, Salmonella typhimurium, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pyogenes, and Mycobacterium smegmatis. An earlier study (2000) had identified weak antibacterial activity against Enterococcus faecium and Staphylococcus aureus. Although the specific compounds responsible for the antimicrobial activity have not been identified, chemical analysis confirms the presence of terpenoids, a class of widely occurring organic chemicals that are being investigated for their potential use as antimicrobial drugs.
References
Bibliography
External links
Fungi of Poland Description and several photos
Picture of spores
echinatum
Edible fungi
Puffballs
Fungi of Africa
Fungi of Asia
Fungi of Central America
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Fungi described in 1797
Taxa named by Christiaan Hendrik Persoon
Barramornie is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Barramornie had a population of 19 people.
Road infrastructure
The Leichhardt Highway runs along the eastern boundary, while the Condamine Meandarra Road (State Route 74) passes through the north-west corner.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
If You Really Knew Me is an American reality television series which aired on MTV that focuses on youth subculture and different cliques in high schools. Every episode features students from different cliques participating in "Challenge Day", a program designed to break down stereotypes and unite students in schools.
Episodes
International version
A dutch version, loosely based on the American one, named Over de Streep aired in The Netherlands for three seasons.
References
External links
2010 American television series debuts
2010 American television series endings
2010s American high school television series
2010s American reality television series
MTV original programming
Television series about teenagers
Eduardo Delgado Rodriguez was a Cuban brigadier general and chief of the Intelligence Directorate in Cuba. He went by the code name MX within the espionage agency's hierarchy, whose ranks go from MI to MX.
Career
Intelligence Directorate activities
Involved in a number of foreign intelligence activities, Rodriguez was the alleged overseer of a 1996 incident where four Brothers to the Rescue pilots were killed after being shot down by Cuban Mikoyan planes. The involvement of the Intelligence Directorate was revealed by Stuart Hoyt Jr., a retired FBI agent, during the trial of five individuals accused of spying for Cuba. Rodriguez was also the chief investigator in the trial and eventual execution of Arnaldo Ochoa for treason and drug trafficking in 1989. Rodriguez was quoted as saying in a news conference in 1991 that he and intelligence agents had stopped a "U.S.-backed attempt to create an opposition group on the island" started by exiles and dissidents in Spain and Cuba, respectively.
References
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Cuban military personnel
Cuban spies
Year of birth missing (living people)
Avenue Road is a major north–south street in Toronto, Ontario. The road is a continuation of University Avenue, linked to it via Queen's Park and Queen's Park Crescent East and West to form a single through route. Until January 1, 1998, these roads were designated Highway 11A.
Route
Avenue Road is the western limit of the former town of Yorkville, officially beginning at Bloor Street and ending just north of Highway 401. At its southern terminus, it runs between two of Toronto's major hotels, the Park Hyatt (on the northwest corner of Bloor and Avenue Road) and the Four Seasons Hotel. On the northeast corner of the intersection with Bloor is the Church of the Redeemer. For much of its length the road is fairly residential, with a mix of small businesses, as well as a few large schools and churches. A notable site along this "lower section" is the Hare Krishna Temple, formerly the Avenue Road Church, opposite Dupont Street and across the street from the Anglican Church of The Messiah. Just north of St. Clair Avenue, Avenue Road is interrupted by Upper Canada College, ending at Lonsdale Road and resuming again at Kilbarry Road. The primary traffic route runs east of the school, following widened sections of Lonsdale Road and Oriole Parkway and returning to Avenue Road via Oxton Avenue. (The short section of Avenue Road from Kilbarry to Oxton is an ordinary two-lane side street.)
North of Eglinton Avenue, the former St. James-Bond Church once stood. This building, which used to house two prime downtown congregations – St. James Square (formerly Presbyterian), and Bond Street (formerly Congregationalist) – was built in the late 1920s, and closed in June 2005. It has since been demolished. Near Lawrence Avenue is Havergal College, a large private girls' school. Although in the former city of North York, much of the area considers the school part of North Toronto.
Avenue Road ends at Bombay Avenue, just after crossing Highway 401 (exit 367). Originally, Avenue Road continued from what is now the interchange by angling northeast via the Hogg's Hollow Bridge (across the Don River West Branch) to end at Yonge Street; this section of the road was incorporated into Highway 401 when it was constructed in the 1950s.
A few miles north of Toronto's Avenue Road, there is a separate Avenue Road (which is not considered a resumption after a break such as the case with streets like Kipling or Woodbine Avenues that have separate sections in York Region) in the Yonghurst neighbourhood of Richmond Hill, running almost due north of the Toronto one. This roadway is a residential route from Edgar Avenue to Weldrick Road West.
Name
The thoroughfare's name sounds tautological or self-contradictory from a North American perspective, where avenue is one of the most common generic designations for street names; Robert Fulford once wrote that it "sounded like an identity crisis with pavement". However, Avenue Road is a common street name elsewhere in the English-speaking world, notably Avenue Road, Bangalore, and in London, where at least 40 streets bear this name. In British English, an avenue is a row of trees, hence Avenue Road denotes a street lined with trees. Thus one's reaction to the name may be seen as a shibboleth evincing attachment to British or American culture.
A common urban legend about the origin of the name goes as follows. Lieutenant Governor John Graves Simcoe was surveying the old town of York and came to a spot on Bloor Street and pointed north. He said (in an English accent), "Let's 'ave a new road!"
Transit
Public transit along Avenue Road is provided by the Toronto Transit Commission, on three different bus routes. The two main full-service routes are the 13 Avenue Road, and the 61 Avenue Road North, which provide service south and north of Eglinton Avenue respectively. The former originates from Eglinton station and takes commuters into downtown, and the latter originates from a bus loop at the northern end (Bombay Avenue) and feeds into Eglinton station. There is also an express route, 142 Avenue Road Express, which runs the length of the road, for a direct ride into downtown and the Financial District. It runs during rush hours only and requires a double fare.
Landmarks (from south to north)
References
External links
Avenue Road on OpenStreetMap
Roads in Toronto
Act of Piracy is a 1988 American/South African thriller film directed by John Cardos and starring Gary Busey, Belinda Bauer and Ray Sharkey. While enjoying an exotic cruise to Australia, a family yacht is taken over by terrorists. It is also known as Barracuda.
Plot
Ted Andrews (Gary Busey) persuades his ex-wife Sandy (Belinda Bauer) to let their kids Mark (Mathew Stewardson) and Tracey (Candicé Hillebrand) accompany him and his girlfriend Laura Warner (Nancy Mulford) on a journey on his multimillion-dollar yacht to Australia, where he plans to sell the yacht.
However, after a few days, it turns out that Laura is member of a terrorist organization led by Jack Wilcox (Ray Sharkey), who wants the boat as a base for his operations. Jack takes over the yacht and only Ted can escape, and as a result, Mark and Tracey are kept as hostages.
Together with Sandy, Ted starts an international search to find Wilcox, and rescue Mark and Tracey.
Cast
Gary Busey - Ted Andrews
Belinda Bauer - Sandy Andrews
Ray Sharkey - Jack Wilcox
Nancy Mulford - Laura Warner
Dennis Casey Park - Dennis
Arnold Vosloo - Sean Stevens
Ken Gampu - Herb Bunting
Anthony Fridjohn - Philip O'Connor
Mathew Stewardson - Mark Andrews
Candice Hillebrand - Tracey Andrews
Nadia Bilchik - Maria
Roly Jansen - Carlos Ortiz
Gordon Mulholland - Captain Jenkins
Thoko Ntshinga - Cynthia
Melody O'Brian - Nadine Andrews
Brian O'Shaughnessy - Skipper
Eckard Rabe - Agent Harris
Joe Stewardson - Agent Johnson
Bruce Wentzel - Mate
Christobel D'Orthez - Karen Daly
Thys Du Plooy - Ahmed
Trevor Fish - Cameraman
Mark Gilbert - Crew Man
Scott J. Ateah - Cook
Allen Booi - George Chibanda
Douglas Bristow - C.W. Andrews
John Cardos - Steward
References
External links
1988 films
1980s action thriller films
American action thriller films
American crime thriller films
American independent films
1980s English-language films
English-language South African films
South African action thriller films
South African crime thriller films
Films about ship hijackings
1980s crime thriller films
Seafaring films
Films directed by John Cardos
Pirate films
1980s American films
Lee Gunther (May 30, 1935 – August 25, 1998) was a co-founder of Marvel Productions and a film editor (which, in animation parlance, means sound effects editor) on more than 85 animated shorts in all.
Career
Starting at Warner Bros. in the 1960s, and then at DePatie–Freleng Enterprises, he also worked as a production manager in the 1970s. After DePatie–Freleng was sold to Marvel Comics Group in 1981, Gunther became one of the founders of Marvel Productions, Ltd., where he served as executive vice president and executive producer on television series such as Spider-Man, G.I. Joe and The Transformers, as well as the feature-length animation Inhumanoids: The Movie. He also served as vice president of foreign production at Fox Kids.
In late 1987, he co-founded Gunther-Wahl Productions with Michael Wahl. Their first task was taking over production of Alvin and the Chipmunks from Ruby-Spears Productions in 1988, including the Go To the Movies series. He then served as executive producer of the animated series The Angry Beavers for Nickelodeon from 1997 to 2001 and Wild West C.O.W.-Boys of Moo Mesa for Greengrass Productions on ABC in 1992. He and Wahl also created The Adventures of T. rex in 1992-1993, shortly after the Mattel Flutter Faeries lawsuit in which his partner Wahl and his wife were involved.
Other productions by Gunther-Wahl included the animated adaptation of Karate Kid for Coca-Cola Telecommunications (now Sony Pictures Television) on NBC in 1989, and also the short-lived G.I. Joe animated series from 1990 to 1992 (the preceding Operation Dragonfire five-part mini-series was produced by DIC Entertainment), as well as G.I. Joe Extreme (with Sunbow Entertainment and Graz Entertainment from 1995 to 1997), and the cartoon Red Planet in 1994.
In his lifetime, Gunther earned four Emmy awards, two Humanitas Prizes, two Golden Reel Awards and 12 Clio awards.
Death
Gunther died of a stroke on August 25, 1998 at age 63. Long-time friend and colleague George Conte, who worked for Murakami-Wolf-Swenson and Fred Wolf Films, and who first met Gunther at DePatie–Freleng, said, "Lee's dedication to quality filmmaking, both technically and creatively placed him at the top of his profession. Because of his strong character and gentle ways, he was respected and loved by all who knew him. He will be missed."
References
External links
American television producers
American film editors
1935 births
1998 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
Seven Wonders of the World is a 1956 documentary film in Cinerama. Lowell Thomas searches the world for natural and man-made wonders and invites the audience to try to update the ancient Greek list of the "Wonders of the World".
Plot
Cast
Lowell Thomas as himself
Paul Mantz as himself
Claude Dauphin as Narrator (French version) / Récitant (voice)
Production
Merian C. Cooper started Seven Wonders of the World as the second Cinerama film after 1952's This Is Cinerama. By September 1953, $1 million had already been spent and it was estimated that it would cost a further $1 million to complete.
Stanley Warner Corp. acquired the rights to the film (and all Cinerama product) during production.
Cinerama Holiday, which started production later, was released before Seven Wonders of the World, which then became the third Cinerama film to be released.
Reception
The film grossed $32.1 million in the United States and Canada. It spent more than 14 months on release at the Casino Theatre in Buenos Aires, a record run in Argentina.
See also
List of American films of 1956
References
External links
Travel log of Seven Wonders of the World
1956 films
1956 documentary films
American documentary films
Cinerama
1950s English-language films
Films directed by Andrew Marton
Films directed by Tay Garnett
Films directed by Ted Tetzlaff
Films scored by David Raksin
Films scored by Emil Newman
Films scored by Jerome Moross
Films scored by Sol Kaplan
Documentary films about India
Films shot in India
Films shot in Agra
Films shot in Darjeeling
Films shot in Delhi
Films shot in Varanasi
1950s American films
Cancer virus refers to:
An oncovirus, a virus that can cause cancer.
Also generally the role of viruses in carcinogenesis.
On the other hand to an oncolytic virus, a virus that preferentially infects and lyses cancer cells.
Dudley Marjoribanks may refer to:
Dudley Marjoribanks, 1st Baron Tweedmouth (1820–1894), Scottish businessman and politician
Dudley Marjoribanks, 3rd Baron Tweedmouth (1874–1935), British army officer and courtier
Henri Landwirth (March 7, 1927 – April 16, 2018) was an hotelier, philanthropist, and a Holocaust survivor. He was the founder of Give Kids The World and Dignity U Wear.
Landwirth was born into a Jewish family in Antwerp, in northern Belgium, in 1927. His father was a diamond-cutter. During World War II, Henri and his family were separated and were prisoners in the Nazi death and labor camps. Henri spent the years between ages 13 and 18 in Nazi camps, including Auschwitz and Mauthausen. Both of his parents were killed in the camps, but Henri and his twin sister, Margot, survived. After the war, Landwirth made his way to America.
Landwirth was drafted during the Korean War, and used the G.I. Bill to take a course in hotel management while working the night desk at Manhattan's Wellington Hotel. He first worked in New York City and then in 1954 became manager of the Starlite Motel in Cocoa Beach, Florida. In 1969, he opened a Holiday Inn franchised hotel in Orlando. Subsequently, Landwirth co-owned a number of hotels in the Central Florida area, including the hotel that is now known as the Seralago Hotel & Suites Main Gate East.
In the 1980s Landwirth started offering free hotel rooms to terminally ill children for the Make-A-Wish Foundation. After a child died before travel arrangements could be made, he made a “vow that no child in need would ever be failed again,” and in 1986, Landwirth founded Give Kids The World, a nonprofit resort that provides vacations to children with critical illnesses and their families.
Landwirth wrote a memoir, Gift of Life in 1996. The movie Borrowing Time made in 2006, followed Landwirth as he sought to grapple with his past, and featured some of the people who knew Landwirth including John Glenn.
Landwirth died on April 16, 2018 at the age of 91.
References
1927 births
2018 deaths
People from Antwerp
Belgian philanthropists
Belgian Jews
Belgian emigrants to the United States
American people of Belgian-Jewish descent
Mauthausen concentration camp survivors
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
20th-century philanthropists
Kozağaç is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Little Woods is a 2018 crime thriller film, written and directed by Nia DaCosta in her feature directorial debut. The film stars Tessa Thompson, Lily James, Luke Kirby, James Badge Dale and Lance Reddick.
Little Woods had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on 21 April 2018, and was released on 19 April 2019 in the United States by Neon and on 16 May 2019 in Australia by Limelight Distribution.
Plot
Ollie Hale is on probation after being caught illegally crossing the border between North Dakota and Canada. She is determined to reinvent her life and with eight days left on probation she has applied to find work in Spokane. Numerous opportunities to go back to her old way of life, including selling prescription medicine illegally and doing more work at the border, keep presenting themselves though Ollie scrapes by doing odd jobs for the construction workers who work nearby.
Ollie's sister Deb, who has become semi-estranged since their mother's illness and death, discovers she is pregnant and turns to Ollie for help. Deb is already a single mother to her son Johnny and is living in an illegally parked trailer. Ollie offers to sign over the title of their mother's house to Deb, however the house is due to be foreclosed on. Ollie manages to negotiate down the down payment to prevent the foreclosure but the amount of money needed seems insurmountable to the sisters. Ollie is nevertheless determined to ensure that Deb is alright before she leaves.
Reluctantly Ollie returns to the woods to retrieve a bag of 500 pills she hid there before crossing, intending to sell them in a week to prevent foreclosure on the house.
At her job interview for the Spokane job, Ollie is attacked by Bill, a local drug dealer angry she is infringing on his territory. He offers her a choice between giving him a 30 percent cut of her sales or crossing the border for him again. She decides to cut him in, rather than take on the riskier work of crossing the border.
After learning that going through with her pregnancy will cost her upwards of $8000, Deb decides to have an abortion. Realising that the only legal clinic is hundreds of miles away, she obtains the name of a local illegal abortion provider. The night Deb is scheduled to go for her abortion, the trailer she lives in is towed away along with the rest of the pills and all of the money for the foreclosure which Ollie had been keeping there to hide from her probation officer. On discovering that the trailer wasn't even registered in Deb's name, Ollie breaks into the pound where she finds the trailer has already been raided and all the money and drugs are gone.
After learning that Deb wants to have an abortion, Ollie decides to agree to Bill's drug run to Canada in exchange for enough money to secure the house, and determines to take Deb across with her so she'll be able to have a safe and clean abortion.
Though Deb has difficulty obtaining a fake Manitoba ID card she is able to steal one. The crossing is successful and Ollie picks up the drugs while Deb is able to have an abortion. While waiting for Deb to come out of the clinic Ollie learns that the Spokane job is hers. The sisters spend the night in Canada and Ollie tells Deb she is leaving and that Deb will be fine without her. The next morning they cross back into the U.S.
Cast
Production
In January 2017, it was announced Tessa Thompson, Lily James, Luke Kirby, James Badge Dale and Lance Reddick joined the cast of the film, with Nia DaCosta directing from a screenplay she wrote. Rachael Fung, Gabrielle Nadig, and Tim Headington will produce.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on 21 April 2018. Shortly after, NEON acquired distribution rights to the film. It was screened at the Los Angeles Film Festival on 24 September 2018. It was released on 19 April 2019. In Australia, the film was released on May 16, 2019
Critical reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of . The site's critics consensus reads: "Led by standout work from Tessa Thompson, Little Woods tells a grimly absorbing tale that marks a commendable debut for writer-director Nia DaCosta." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 74 out of 100, based on 21 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
References
External links
2018 films
2018 crime thriller films
2018 Western (genre) films
American crime thriller films
Australian crime thriller films
American Western (genre) films
Australian Western (genre) films
2010s English-language films
Films directed by Nia DaCosta
Films set in North Dakota
Films shot in Texas
Neon (distributor) films
Neo-Western films
Films about poverty
Films about abortion
Films about sisters
2010s American films
Joseph Gallo Farms is a large family-owned dairy operation, and is prominent in California's dairy industry. It is based in Livingston, California.
History
Joseph Gallo Farms was founded in 1946 in the northern San Joaquin Valley by Joseph Edward Gallo following World War II.
After working in the dairy business, Gallo and son Michael built the company's cheese plant in 1982. In 1995, Successful Farming Magazine called Joseph Gallo Farms “America's largest dairy farm”. It is currently in the third generation as a family-owned/operated business.
Sustainability
Joseph Gallo Farms is a prominent sustainable enterprise, receiving several honors and awards for their environmental practices. They also utilize conservation and renewable energies.
In 2004 they completed their first methane digester system, which uses biogas produced from cow manure to supply the majority of their plant's electrical needs. They have claimed they are working on a second digester, which would enable a completely renewable energy-powered plant.
Vertical integration
The farm grows the majority of the feed for their own cows. They are the oldest U.S. cheese producer to be government certified “free of all artificial hormones.”
They use whey, a source of protein found in milk, and a byproduct of the cheese making process, to make whey protein isolate. Using an ultrafiltration system to purify and concentrate the protein, they produce WPI at about 90% pure protein for use in nutritional supplements.
Awards
Joseph Gallo Farms has earned more than 100 awards and medals for their cheese and milk. In 2009, their provolone cheese was named "best in the world" at the World Cheese Awards.
They are strong advocates of sustainable business practices and have been recognized by the California Environmental Protection Agency with their 2009 WRAP Award.
See also
List of dairy product companies in the United States
References
Further reading
Henderson, Bruce, with Ernest and Julio Gallo. Ernest & Julio: Our Story. Times Books, 1994
Ernest Gallo last retrieved March 6, 2007
#645 Ernest Gallo
Ernest Gallo
John Holland, J.N. Sbranti, Tim Moran, and Garth Stapley. "Wine titan Ernest Gallo dead at 97." The Modesto Bee, March 7, 2007.
External links
Joseph Farms
Ernest Gallo Research Clinic
Companies based in Merced County, California
Food and drink companies established in 1946
Dairy products companies in California
1946 establishments in California
Gallo family
Family-owned companies of the United States
de:Ernest Gallo
de:Joseph Edward Gallo
es:Ernest Gallo
lb:Ernest Gallo
nl:Ernest Gallo
ja:アーネスト・ガロ
pl:Ernest Gallo
pt:Ernest Gallo
pt:Joseph Gallo
pt:Joseph Farms
pt:Joseph Gallo Farms
pt:Julio Gallo
sv:Ernest Gallo
The Secret is 1992 American made-for-television drama film starring Kirk Douglas and Jesse R. Tendler about a grandfather and his grandson who both struggle with dyslexia. The film originally aired on CBS on April 19, 1992.
Plot
Filmed in Nova Scotia, the film stars Kirk Douglas as the owner of a store who has difficulty with reading and writing, a fact which he hides from everyone. This changes when he realizes his grandson, Danny (Jesse R. Tendler) has the same difficulties.
Awards
Nominated: Young Artist Award: Best Young Actor in a film made for television
See also
List of artistic depictions of dyslexia
References
External links
A Cold-War Couple With a Couple of Peculiarities (scroll down)
1992 television films
1992 films
1992 drama films
Dyslexia in fiction
Films shot in Nova Scotia
CBS network films
Films directed by Karen Arthur
Films scored by Fred Karlin
American drama television films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Sichuan University Jiang'an Campus Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8. The station serves the nearby Jiang'an Campus of Sichuan University.
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Serhiy Predko (born 25 April 1988 in Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender currently plaining for the Italian Serie C1/A club A.C. Pro Sesto. He was acquired from Torino FC in July 2007.From February he is in S.S.Cavese football team [Italian] [First Division]
External links
Profile on Official Club Website
European footballers
1988 births
Living people
People from Chervonohrad
Serie A players
Serie C players
Torino F.C. players
Ukrainian footballers
S.S.D. Pro Sesto players
Association football defenders
Jeanne Brécourt, sometimes written Bricourt, (born 8 April 1837), was one of France's most notorious courtesans. Using dishonesty and blackmail, she ruined some of her lovers. She was sentenced 15 years' penal servitude for having one of her lovers blinded.
Biography
Born Eugénie Arménaïde Brécourt on 8 April 1837 in Paris, she was the daughter of a printer and a vegetable seller. As a child she was neglected, and at 5 years old was adopted by a Baroness. When Brécourt was 11, her parents took her away from the Baroness and used her to sell gingerbread on the streets. When she was 17 she returned to the Baroness, who agreed to take her in and found her work in a silk factory.
When Brécourt was 18 she attended the wedding of a co-worker. On returning home she express her desire to get married. The Baroness didn't take her seriously and when Gras, the grocer, called to make his delivery, jokingly suggested him for a husband. Brécourt took the idea seriously and in 1855 the couple were married. The Baroness reluctantly gave her consent and provided a dowry of 12,000 francs, which the couple used to open a grocery store. The marriage didn't last long. Brécourt was very demanding and after a while Gras left. Brécourt went back to the Baroness for a while and then disappeared. She is reputed to have started a relationship with an officer of the garrison at Vincennes.
Courtesan
Some while later Brécourt reappeared as a courtesan, calling herself Jeanne de la Cour, having unsuccessfully attempted commerce, acting, literature and journalism. Brécourt regarded men as playthings, to be discarded when they had served their purpose. She wrote:
One of her lovers, a German, committed suicide, another took an overdose of cantharides. A third died in hospital. Brécourt was unmoved by their deaths, however her actions ended with her being admitted to an asylum. A few months later she was released as "cured". From the asylum she went to Vittel, where she assumed the title of Baroness.
When Brécourt was in her late 30s, her hair was greying and her looks fading. Her lovers were deserting her because of her blackmailing them, others looking for younger women. Gras died in a charity hospital, and now free from her past and to safeguard her future, she set off to find a permanent benefactor.
Rene de la Roche
In 1873 Brécourt met Rene de la Roche at a ball in Paris. Roche was a wealthy 20-year-old who became infatuated by her, and by the end of that year they entered into a relationship. Roche was referred to in some reports as Georges de Saint Pierre to protect his anonymity. Three years later Roche left for six months in Egypt.
Brécourt met an ageing courtesan with a younger blind lover who was devoted to her and could not see the effects of age on her. The concept appealed to Brécourt, and on Roche's returned from Egypt in 1876 she hatched a plot to blind him. Nathalis Gaudry had been a childhood friend of Brécourt and they had been reunited when he moved to Paris looking for employment after being in the army. She convinced Gaudry, to blind the Roche, telling Gaudry that Roche was the son of a man who had cheated her. Gaudry eventually carried out her wishes to blind Roche on 13 January 1877.
Brécourt and Gaudry were brought to trial for this in July 1877, and Brécourt was defended by Charles Lachaud, who had earlier defended Marie Lafarge. Brécourt was found guilty, and was sentenced to fifteen years penal servitude, while Gaudry, who had been found guilty with extenuating circumstances, was sentenced to five years in prison.
References
Bibliography
1837 births
Courtesans from Paris
Year of death missing
Criminals from Paris
French courtesans
Kim Gi-chun (born 8 September 1966) is a South Korean water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1966 births
Living people
South Korean male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of South Korea
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
The 1988–89 Irish League Cup (known as the Roadferry Freight League Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the third edition of Northern Ireland's secondary football knock-out cup competition. It concluded on 30 November 1988 with the final.
Coleraine were the defending champions after defeating Portadown 1–0 in the previous final. The same two clubs met in the second round this season, with Portadown knocking out the holders. Glentoran were the eventual winners, becoming the third different winner of the competition in its first three seasons. They defeated arch-rivals Linfield 2–1 in the final.
The final was notable for the Glentoran goalkeeper Alan Paterson, scoring what turned out to be the winning goal. This was the first time that a goalkeeper had ever scored in a British football final.
First round
|}
Second round
|}
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Final
References
Lea
1988–89 domestic association football cups
1988-89
Putting It Over is a lost 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Donald Crisp and starring Bryant Washburn. The film was produced by Famous Players-Lasky with distribution being handled by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, Buddy (Washburn) works in a drug store mixing soda waters for $12 a week. By calling his landlady "Dearie" and making love to her daughter, he is allowed certain liberties around his boarding house. He falls in love with a stenographer and in a moment of confidence proposes to her, and she accepts. He tells her that he makes $50 a week. A cut in the workforce at the drug store finds him without a job. He is also ejected from his room, and spends the night in the park. During the long hours of the night he evolves a scheme which the drug store puts into practice, and he soon has a position at his old firm paying $50 a week. On the day he accepts the job offer the wedding bells ring out.
Cast
Bryant Washburn as Robert "Buddy" Marsh
Shirley Mason as Mary Stacey
Adele Farrington as Mrs. Peeler
Winifred Greenwood as Miss June Peeler
Casson Ferguson as Perkins
Clarence Geldart as Mr. Hard (credited as C.H. Geldert)
Edward Alexander as Percival
Robert Dunbar as Chilton
Guy Oliver as Policeman
Edna Mae Cooper
References
External links
Glass slide
1919 films
Lost American films
American silent feature films
Films directed by Donald Crisp
Paramount Pictures films
1919 comedy films
American black-and-white films
Silent American comedy films
1919 lost films
Lost comedy films
1910s American films
The Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking is a test of creativity.
Description
Built on J.P. Guilford's work and created by Ellis Paul Torrance, the Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking, a test of creativity, originally involved simple tests of divergent thinking and other problem-solving skills, which were scored on four scales:
Fluency. The total number of interpretable, meaningful, and relevant ideas generated in response to the stimulus.
Flexibility. The number of different categories of relevant responses.
Originality. The statistical rarity of the responses.
Elaboration. The amount of detail in the responses.
The third edition of the Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking in 1984 eliminated the Flexibility scale from the figural test, but added Resistance to Premature Closure (based on Gestalt Psychology) and Abstractness of Titles as two new criterion-referenced scores on the figural. Torrance called the new scoring procedure Streamlined Scoring. With the five norm-referenced measures that he now had (fluency, originality, abstractness of titles, elaboration and resistance to premature closure), he added 13 criterion-referenced measures which include: emotional expressiveness, story-telling articulateness, movement or actions, expressiveness of titles, syntheses of incomplete figures, synthesis of lines, of circles, unusual visualization, extending or breaking boundaries, humor, richness of imagery, colourfulness of imagery, and fantasy.
According to Arasteh and Arasteh (1976) the most systematic assessment of creativity in elementary school children has been conducted by Torrance and his associates (1960a, 1960b, 1960c, 1961, 1962, 1962a, 1963a 1964), who have developed and administered the Minnesota Tests of Creative Thinking, which was later renamed as the Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking, to several thousands of school children. Although they have used many of Guilfords concepts in their test construction, the Minnesota group, in contrast to Guilford, has devised tasks which can be scored for several factors, involving both verbal and non-verbal aspects and relying on senses other than vision. These tests represent a fairly sharp departure from the factor type tests developed by Guilford and his associates (Guilford, Merrifield and Cox, 1961; Merrifield, Guilford and Gershan, 1963), and they also differ from the battery developed by Wallach and Kogan (1965), which contains measures representing creative tendencies that are similar in nature (Torrance, 1968).
To date, several longitudinal studies have been conducted to follow up the elementary school-aged students who were first administered the Torrance Tests in 1958 in Minnesota. There was a 22-year follow-up, a 40-year follow-up, and a 50-year follow-up
Torrance (1962) grouped the different subtests of the Minnesota Tests of Creative Thinking into three categories.
Verbal tasks using verbal stimuli
Verbal tasks using non-verbal stimuli
Non-verbal tasks
Tasks
A brief description of the tasks used by Torrance is given below:
Verbal tasks using verbal stimuli
Unusual Uses The unusual uses tasks using verbal stimuli are direct modifications of Guilford's Brick uses test. After preliminary tryouts, Torrance (1962) decided to substitute tin cans and books for bricks. It was believed the children would be able to handle tin cans and books more easily since both are more available to children than bricks.
Impossibilities task It was used originally by Guilford and his associates (1951) as a measure of fluency involving complex restrictions and large potential. In a course in personality development and mental hygiene, Torrance has experimented with a number of modifications of the basic task, making the restrictions more specific. In this task the subjects are asked to list as many impossibilities as they can.
Consequences task The consequences task was also used originally by Guilford and his associates (1951). Torrance has made several modifications in adapting it. He chose three improbable situations and the children were required to list out their consequences.
Just suppose task It is an adaptation of the consequences type of test designed to elicit a higher degree of spontaneity and to be more effective with children. As in the consequence task, the subject is confronted with an improbable situation and asked to predict the possible outcomes from the introduction of a new or unknown variable.
Situations task The situation task was modeled after Guilford's (1951) test designed to assess the ability to see what needs to be done. Subjects were given three common problems and asked to think of as many solutions to these problems as they can. For example, if all schools were abolished, what would you do to try to become educated?
Common problems task This task is an adoption of Guilford's (1951) Test designed to assess the ability to see defects, needs and deficiencies and found to be one of the tests of the factors termed sensitivity to problems. Subjects are instructed that they will be given common situations and that they will be asked to think of as many problems as they can that may arise in connection with these situations. For example, doing homework while going to school in the morning.
Improvement task This test was adopted from Guilford's (1952) apparatus test which was designed to assess ability to see defects and all aspects of sensitivity to problems. In this task the subjects are given a list of common objects and are asked to suggest as many ways as they can to improve each object. They are asked not to bother about whether or not it is possible to implement the change thought of.
Mother- Hubbard problem This task was conceived as an adoption of the situations task for oral administration in the primary grades and also useful for older groups. This test has stimulated a number of ideas concerning factors which inhibit the development of ideas.
Imaginative stories taskIn this task the child is told to write the most interesting and exciting story they can think of. Topics are suggested (e.g., the dog that did not bark); or the child may use their own ideas.
Cow jumping problems The Cow jumping problem is a companion task for the Mother- Hubbard problem and has been administered to the same groups under the same conditions and scored according to the similar procedures. The task is to think of all possible things which might have happened when the cow jumped over the moon.
Verbal tasks using nonverbal stimuli
Ask and guess taskThe ask and guess task requires the individual first to ask questions about a picture – questions which cannot be answered by just looking at the picture. Next they are asked to make guesses or formulate hypotheses about the possible causes of the event depicted, and then their consequences both immediate and remote.
Product improvement task In this task common toys are used and children are asked to think of as many improvements as they can which would make the toy ‘more fun to play with'. Subjects are then asked to think of unusual uses of these toys other than 'something to play with'.
Unusual uses task In this task, along with the product improvement task another task (unusual uses) is used. The child is asked to think of the cleverest, most interesting and most unusual uses of the given toy, other than as a plaything. These uses could be for the toy as it is, or for the toy as changed.
Non-verbal tasks (Figural)
Incomplete figures task It is an adaptation of the ‘Drawing completion test' developed by Kate Franck and used by Barron (1958). On an ordinary white paper an area of fifty four square inches is divided into ten squares each containing a different stimulus figure. The subjects are asked to sketch some novel objects or design by adding as many lines as they can to the ten figures.
Picture construction task or shapes task In this task the children are given shape of a triangle or a jelly bean and a sheet of white paper. The children are asked to think of a picture in which the given shape is an integral part. They should paste it wherever they want on the white sheet and add lines with pencil to make any novel picture. They have to think of a name for the picture and write it at the bottom.
Circles and squares task It was originally designed as a nonverbal test of ideational fluency and flexibility, then modified in such a way as to stress originality and elaboration. Two printed forms are used in the test. In one form, the subject is confronted with a page of forty two circles and asked to sketch objects or pictures which have circles as a major part. In the alternate form, squares are used instead of circles.
Creative design task Hendrickson has designed it which seems to be promising, but scoring procedures are being tested but have not been perfected yet. The materials consist of circles and strips of various sizes and colours, a four-page booklet, scissors and glue. Subjects are instructed to construct pictures or designs, making use of all of the coloured circles and strips with a thirty-minute time limit. Subjects may use one, two, three, or four pages; alter the circles and strips or use them as they are; add other symbols with pencil or crayon.
See also
Creativity
References
Creativity
Psychological tests and scales
Suite for Pops is a 1975 big band jazz album recorded by the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra and released on the A&M Horizon label.
Track listing
LP side A:
"Meetin' Place"
"The Summary"
"The Farewell"
"Toledo By Candlelight"
LP side B:
"The Great One"
"Only For Now"
"A Good Time Was Had By All"
Personnel
Thad Jones – trumpet, flugelhorn, percussion
Mel Lewis – drums
Roland Hanna – piano
Richard Davis – double bass
George Mraz - double bass
Steve Gilmore - double bass
Jerry Dodgion – soprano & alto saxophone, flute
Eddie Xiques – alto saxophone, clarinet, bass clarinet, flute
Billy Harper – tenor saxophone, flute
Eddie Daniels – tenor saxophone, clarinet, flute
Ron Bridgewater - tenor saxophone, clarinet, flute
Frank Foster - tenor saxophone, clarinet
Greg Herbert - tenor saxophone
Lou Marini - tenor saxophone
Pepper Adams – baritone saxophone, clarinet
Jon Faddis – trumpet, percussion
Stephen Furtado - trumpet
Jim Bossy - trumpet
Lew Soloff - trumpet
Snooky Young – trumpet
Marvin Stamm – trumpet
Virgil Jones – trumpet
Cecil Bridgewater – trumpet
Jimmy Knepper – trombone
Quentin Jackson – trombone
Eddie Bert – trombone
Janice Robinson - trombone
Earl McIntyre - trombone
Cliff Heather - bass trombone
Jack Jeffers – bass trombone/tuba
Dave Taylor - bass trombone
Jim Buffington – French horn
Peter Gordon - French horn
Earl Chapin - French horn
Julius Watkins - French horn
Ray Alonge – French horn
Leonard Gibbs - percussion
Dee Dee Bridgewater – vocal
References and external links
A&M Horizon SP-701
Suite for Pops at:
[ Allmusic]
discogs.com
The Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Orchestra albums
1975 albums
Horizon Records albums
Caleb Chapman (born August 15, 1973) is an American music educator, author, entrepreneur, producer, bandleader, and musician from Derry, New Hampshire who currently resides in Utah. A graduate of Brigham Young University, he is the founder and Chairman of Caleb Chapman's Soundhouse, a professional musician training program with locations across the U.S. and the director of Caleb Chapman's Crescent Super Band. Chapman has been recognized for his contributions to music education and has received numerous honors for his work as an educator.
Educator/Director
Chapman oversees the 20+ bands at the Salt Lake City, UT, performance studio of Caleb Chapman's Soundhouse, and personally directs the flagship group Caleb Chapman's Crescent Super Band, an award-winning ensemble that consists of high school students. Additional groups that Chapman personally directs include: the Voodoo Orchestra, Caleb Chapman's Little Big Band, Time Check Jazz Orchestra and La Onda Caribeña. His bands have been featured on the Sirius XM “Real Jazz” Channel and released 10 full-length albums on the Big Swing Face record label. The Crescent Super Band remains the only musical act that is regularly invited to play during the halftime break for the NBA's Utah Jazz basketball team. The Utah-based Caleb Chapman's Soundhouse trains students of all ages and levels, providing performance opportunities and exposure to high-caliber musicians. Graduates of the program have been placed in music schools around the country including Juilliard, the University of Miami, the Berklee College of Music, University of Southern California and the Manhattan School of Music.
Saxophonist
As a saxophonist, Chapman performs frequently. In 2016, he was part of the touring band of Neon Trees on their US tour. He also co-founded the Osmond Chapman Orchestra with David Osmond, part of the musical Osmond family and nephew of Donny Osmond. He has performed the National Anthem on solo saxophone at NBA games for the Boston Celtics, the Miami Heat, the Denver Nuggets, the Washington Wizards, and the Utah Jazz. He is also on recordings by numerous artists, including the GRAMMY-winning DJ, Kaskade.
Key Performances
Chapman's bands have been featured at many jazz festivals including North Sea (The Netherlands), Montreux (Switzerland), Vienne (France), Umbria (Italy), Tuscany (Italy), Birmingham (UK), and Puerto Vallarta (Mexico). In 2010, the Crescent Super Band was featured with National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master Toshiko Akiyoshi at the Telluride Jazz Festival. Their most prominent performance took place at Carnegie Hall in May 2013, when the Crescent Super Band headlined a concert featuring saxophonist David Sanborn and trumpeter Wayne Bergeron. The Crescent Super Band performed at the 2014 Jazz Education Network annual conference in Dallas, TX, headlining an evening concert with special guests Randy Brecker and Ed Calle.
Collaborations
Chapman's bands have performed with more than 200 guest artists, including GRAMMY award winners David Paich of Toto, Jeff Coffin of Dave Matthews Band, Randy Brecker of Blood, Sweat, and Tears, Branford Marsalis, Victor Wooten, Joe Lovano, Christian McBride, Peter Erskine, Kirk Whalum, Kurt Elling, Gordon Goodwin, Poncho Sanchez, Esperanza Spalding, Brian Lynch, Wayne Bergeron, Dave Weckl, Nicholas Payton, Eric Marienthal, Ernie Watts, and Bob Mintzer. They have also performed and/or recorded with members of such well-known groups as the Dave Matthews Band, Maroon 5, Neon Trees, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, Tower of Power, Genesis, the Saturday Night Live Band, and many others. Chapman has said that it is a priority for Caleb Chapman's Soundhouse to provide the opportunity for young musicians to perform with A-list artists, and have frequent touring and performing experiences.
Awards and honors
In 2013, Chapman was a quarter-finalist for the inaugural Music Educator Award, presented by The Recording Academy and the GRAMMY Foundation. In 2014, he was again recognized as a quarter-finalist for the award. In 2015, he was a national semi-finalist for the award.
Since 2005, Caleb's program has been honored with 52 different awards by DownBeat Magazine. As the oldest publication in the jazz industry, DownBeat celebrates high-caliber jazz education with its annual awards. The Crescent Super Band, the Voodoo Orchestra, the Soul Research Foundation, Caleb Chapman's Little Big Band, the Hooligans Brass Band, Lo-Fi Riot, and La Onda Caribena have all been recognized with at least one award from the magazine.
Utah Governor Gary Herbert honored Chapman with the 2013 "Utah Performing Artist Award" in a special dinner reception at the Governor's Mansion, where the Crescent Super Band also performed, to commemorate the evening. In 2014, Utah Governor Herbert appointed Chapman to the Utah Arts Council Board of Directors, as the board representative for the music discipline. In 2012, 2014, 2016, 2017, he was selected as Best Educator in the Music Education category and in 2016, the Best Educator in all categories, in the Utah Best of State awards.
In 2015, he was inducted in to the Pinkerton Academy Hall of Fame in New Hampshire.
In 2011, Caleb was named the "John LaPorta International Jazz Educator of the Year".
Leadership
Jazz Education Network
In 2016, Chapman was elected President of the Jazz Education Network, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that serves the jazz arts community by advancing education, promoting performance, and developing new audiences. He also designed and launched the organization's JENerations Jazz Festival in 2014. The festival is held concurrently with JEN's annual conference, and features student groups who perform for celebrity clinicians in a non-competitive adjudicated festival environment.
Jazz Band of America
In 2013, Chapman was appointed Director of the prestigious Jazz Band of America, an all-star jazz band consisting of the top high school jazz students from across the nation. The group performed at the Music for All National Festival in Indianapolis in March, 2014. Chapman joins a list of past directors and guest artists with the ensemble that include Wynton Marsalis, Patti Austin, Wayne Bergeron, Wycliffe Gordon, Dr. Lou Fischer, and Ndugu Chancler, among others.
Additional Leadership Activities
Chapman currently serves on the Executive Board of JazzSLC, presenters of the Salt Lake City Jazz at the Capitol Theatre Series. Additionally, Chapman serves as Festival Director for the Peaks Jazz Festival and the Artist Director for the Puerto Vallarta Jazz Festival. He was a past-president of the Utah Unit of the International Association for Jazz Education (IAJE) and a member of the organization's Resource Team.
Publications
Books
In 2013, Caleb released his first music method book with Alfred Music, titled The Articulate Jazz Musician. The book focuses on Chapman's celebrated method for teaching jazz articulation and style to young musicians. It features 14 original tunes from multi-GRAMMY-winning member of the Dave Matthews Band, Jeff Coffin, and a play-along CD that includes Coffin, Chris Walters, and GRAMMY winners Victor Wooten and Roy “Futureman” Wooten. Chapman wrote a column titled "Sound Thinking" for the Utah Daily Herald newspaper, about arts education, covered topics such as helping young students decide which instrument to play, and how parents can help their children discover their educational passions.
References
External links
Caleb Chapman Music
Crescent Super Band
Jazz Education Network
GAM Foundation
1973 births
Living people
People from Derry, New Hampshire
American music educators
American bandleaders
Caleb Chapman's Crescent Super Band members
Dennis Kincaid (16 October 1905 – 10 June 1937) was a civil servant in British India, a novelist and the writer of chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj: The Grand Rebel, a widely respected account of the life of the sixteenth century self-made Emperor, and British social life in India, 1608-1937, a classic account of the British in colonial India.
Dennis Charles Alexander Kincaid was born on 16 October 1905, the elder son of Charles Augustus Kincaid.
His father was a senior member of the Indian Civil Service, and was also a well-known novelist and historical writer.
His grandfather was Major-General William Kincaid, the Resident of Bhopal.
Kincaid studied at Balliol College, Oxford (1924–1927), then obtained a post with the Indian Civil Service.
He arrived in Bombay in 1928, where he was assigned work with the courts.
He wrote two novels about life in India.
His Cactus Land (1934) was an unusual story, breaking with the conventions of Indian novels of that period.
Kincaid drowned on 10 June 1937 while swimming in a rough sea.
His work British social life in India, 1608-1937 was not quite complete at the time of his death, and was completed by his friend David Farrer.
His treatment of Anglo-Indians in this book has been criticized as being an "over-the-top caricature".
Bibliography
Dennis kincaid (1937).THE GRAND REBEL
Further reading
References
1905 births
1937 deaths
Historians of India
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Deaths by drowning in India
Accidental deaths in India
20th-century British historians
British people in colonial India
Coos, New Hampshire refers to the frontier area of northern New Hampshire. During the American Revolution a military command was located at Haverhill, New Hampshire to protect the New Hampshire Grants and to support military efforts in the invasion of Canada.
The name was later given to a portion of northern Grafton County in 1803 when a new county, named Coos, was created.
The location was originally a name associated with a part of the migratory Abenaki tribe. The location was known before 1704 to have military significance for several provincial governments and the leaders in New France.
In 1755, a Fort Wentworth was to be constructed by Rogers' Rangers at the junction of the Upper Ammonoosuc River with the Connecticut River in present-day Northumberland, New Hampshire. A river with a similar name, the Ammonoosuc River, flows through Grafton County, joining the Connecticut opposite Newbury, Vermont. The upper Coos refers to the area around Lancaster, New Hampshire, the county seat of Coos County, and the lower Coos to Newbury, Vermont. The distance between these locations is approximately .
References
The Frontier In American History by Frederick Jackson Turner
Pre-statehood history of New Hampshire
Pre-statehood history of Vermont
New Hampshire in the American Revolution
WHAD (90.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station licensed to Delafield, Wisconsin and serving the Milwaukee metropolitan area. Part of Wisconsin Public Radio (WPR), it airs WPR's "Ideas Network", consisting of news and talk programming. Like the Milwaukee area's other NPR station, WUWM (licensed to Milwaukee proper), the station airs BBC World Service in the overnight hours. WHAD maintains a local news staff and cut-ins outside the main WPR network, and the station's facilities, located on the seventh floor of 310 W. Wisconsin Avenue in Milwaukee (by coincidence, also hosting the studios of commercial sports radio station WAUK), originate some programming for the network, including Kathleen Dunn's afternoon program until her retirement in the summer of 2017. WHAD has its own 414 studio line for Milwaukee callers to call into locally originated programs. Because of the lack of a sister station providing WPR's News and Classical Network to Milwaukee, WHAD provides the HD2 Classical Network via HD Radio to the market via their HD2 subchannel, which only differs from the News and Classical Network in having a full-classical format overlaying NPR and APM news programming exclusive to WUWM in the market; it became the market's only classical music station over the air in 2007 after WFMR abandoned the format commercially.
The current-day WHAD is of no relation to the WHAD in Milwaukee which broadcast in the 1920s and early 1930s under the ownership of Marquette University before being merged in 1934 into what is now the current-day station WISN (1130). It signed on in 1948 as the second FM station of Wisconsin Educational Radio, forerunner of WPR.
The station's transmitter is located in western Waukesha County just south of Delafield, almost halfway between Milwaukee and Madison. The tower was placed there to provide Ideas Network coverage to some eastern portions of Madison since Ideas Network flagship WHA had to sign off at sunset. While WHA has stayed on the air 24 hours a day since 1987, it must reduce its signal to all-but-unlistenable levels at sunset; WHAD thus still provides nighttime Ideas Network coverage to eastern Madison. WHAD once operated a translator at 107.9 in Madison to provide Ideas Network service to downtown and eastern Madison at night; this translator is now counted as part of the WHA license.
The WHAD signal also reaches into Lake and McHenry County, Illinois in Chicago's northern suburbs, complementing WEPS' coverage of this area. It also competes with Chicago NPR member WBEZ, whose signal reaches into the outer portions of the Milwaukee area.
WHAD's transmitter is located further south and west than most of Milwaukee's other major FM stations in order to remain within 15 miles of Delafield; FCC regulations require a station's transmitter to be no more than 15 miles of its city of license. In contrast, most of Milwaukee's FM stations transmit from various towers across Milwaukee's north side). As a result, WHAD's signal is marginal in the northern part of the market. Sister stations WRST in Oshkosh (also serving Fond du Lac) and WSHS in Sheboygan provide Ideas Network service to the northern part of the nine-county Milwaukee market area, while the outer northern portions of the area didn't get a clear signal for Ideas Network programming at all until the advent of streaming audio.
See also
Wisconsin Public Radio
References
External links
Wisconsin Public Radio
Wisconsin Public Radio
HAD
NPR member stations
Hugo Wilson (born 1982) is an English artist and sculptor.
Early life
Wilson was born in London. He is the son of Kenneth Wilson and Diana Wilson, of Battersea, London. At the age of 17 he went to Florence, Italy to be trained as a painter at the Charles H. Cecil Studios, from 2000 to 2004, and received a Master's degree from the City and Guilds of London Institute in 2008.
Career
Wilson has had solo shows at Parafin, London; Project B, Milan; Mihai Nicodim Gallery, Los Angeles, and numerous group or two person shows.
Personal life
On 13 September 2014, Wilson married Princess Maria Theresia of Thurn and Taxis, daughter of Johannes, 11th Prince of Thurn and Taxis, and Countess Gloria of Schönburg-Glauchau, at St. Joseph's Church in Tutzing, Germany. Their first daughter Mafalda was born August 21, 2015 in London.
He lives and works in London.
References
External links
1982 births
English male sculptors
Living people
21st-century English artists
21st-century British sculptors
21st-century English male artists
Luis Eduardo Luna is an anthropologist and noted ayahuasca researcher.
Biography
Luna was born in 1947, in Florencia, Colombia. He received his doctorate in 1989 from the Institute of Comparative Religion at Stockholm University, as well as an honorary doctorate in 2000 from Saint Lawrence University, New York. He currently is a language teacher at the Hanken School of Economics in Helsinki, Finland.
Research
Luna is best known for his research of the entheogenic tea ayahuasca. His research has focused on traditional indigenous usage as well as the newer syncretic ayahuasca churches such as Santo Daime and the União do Vegetal. He is the director of Wasiwaska, Research Centre for the Study of Psychointegrator Plants, Visionary Arts, and Consciousness, located in Brazil; currently, they are studying the neurological aspects of ayahuasca inebriation on the central nervous system.
Writings
Vegetalismo: Shamanism Among the Mestizo Population of the Peruvian Amazon, 1986,
Ayahuasca Visions: The Religious Iconography of a Peruvian Shaman with Pablo Amaringo, 1991,
Inner Paths to Outer Space: Journeys to Alien Worlds through Psychedelics and Other Spiritual Technologies with Rick Strassman, Slawek Wojtowicz M.D Ede Frecska M.D, 2008,
Colombian anthropologists
Ayahuasca
Living people
Psychedelic drug advocates
Psychedelic drug researchers
Stockholm University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sambal stingray, also known as Spicy Banana Leaf Stingray and by the Malay name Ikan bakar (barbecued fish), is a Malaysian/Singaporean seafood dish. Prepared by barbecuing stingray, it is served with sambal paste atop. Sambal stingray can be easily purchased at hawker centers in both Malaysia and Singapore.
History
Stingray was previously deemed as not popular and was cheap to purchase; given the enhancement of its taste, the value of stingray in markets has since risen. Originating from Malaysia, the dish is now also popular among Singaporeans. Its Malay name is Ikan bakar, which literally means barbecued fish.
Ingredients
The sambal paste served with the stingray is made up of spices (sometimes including belachan), Indian walnuts, and shallots. Other ingredients may include garlic, sugar, Chinese parsley, or raw peanuts. The paste is then spread on top of stingray fins, preferably fresh ones. In addition, female ones are preferred to male ones. White fish is in some instances used as an alternative, usually when stingray cannot be found. Flavor enhancers include white pepper or salt. Other recipes involve small amounts of brandy and olive oil. The dish is commonly accompanied with lime or lemon.
Preparation
Usually wrapped in banana leaves for ten minutes to cook, the fins of the stingray are first chopped to smaller bits. It also can be wrapped in ginger leaves or aluminium foil. Sambal stingray is charcoal-grilled.
Culture
Part of Malaysian cuisine, brought by the Portuguese traders to Malacca and used local ingredients. It is a Eurasian dish.
See also
Malaysian cuisine
Cuisine of Singapore
References
Fish dishes
Singaporean cuisine
Chili pepper dishes
Spicy foods
On August 1, 1942, the American Federation of Musicians, at the instigation of union president James C. Petrillo, began a strike against the major American record companies because of disagreements over royalty payments. Beginning at midnight, July 31, 1942, no union musician could make commercial recordings for any commercial record company. That meant that a union musician was allowed to participate on radio programs and other kinds of musical entertainment, but not in a recording session. The 1942–1944 musicians' strike remains the longest strike in entertainment history.
The strike did not affect musicians performing on live radio shows, in concerts, or, after October 27, 1943, on special recordings made by the record companies for V-Discs for distribution to the armed forces fighting World War II, because V-Discs were not available to the general public. However, the union did frequently threaten to withdraw musicians from the radio networks to punish individual network affiliates who were deemed "unfair" for violating the union's policy on recording network shows for repeat broadcasts.
The strike had a major impact on the American musical scene. At the time, union bands dominated popular music; after the strike, and partly as a result of it, the big bands began to decline and vocalists began to dominate popular music.
Background to the strike
Petrillo had long publicly maintained that recording companies should pay royalties. As head of the Chicago local chapter of the union in 1937 he had organized a strike there. Petrillo was elected president of the American Federation of Musicians in 1940.
When he announced that the recording ban would start at midnight, July 31, 1942, most people thought it would not happen. America had just entered World War II on December 8, 1941, and most newspapers opposed the ban. By July, it was clear that the ban would take place and record companies began to stockpile new recordings of their most popular artists. In the first two weeks of July, these performers all recorded new material: Tommy Dorsey, Jimmy Dorsey, Charlie Barnet, Bing Crosby, Guy Lombardo, and Glenn Miller, who made his last records as a civilian bandleader. Recording during the last week was a long list of performers, including Count Basie, Woody Herman, Alvino Ray, Johnny Long, Claude Thornhill, Judy Garland, Crosby (again), Glen Gray, Benny Goodman, Kay Kyser, Dinah Shore, Spike Jones, and Duke Ellington, among others.
During the strike
Several months passed before any effects of the strike were noticed. At first, the record companies hoped to call the union's bluff by releasing new recordings from their unissued stockpiles, but the strike lasted much longer than anticipated and eventually the supply of unissued recordings was exhausted. The companies also reissued long deleted recordings from their back catalogs, including some from as far back as the dawn of the electrical recording era in 1925. One reissue that was especially successful was Columbia's release of Harry James' "All or Nothing at All", recorded in August 1939 and released when James' new vocalist, Frank Sinatra, was still largely unknown. The original release carried the usual credit, "Vocal Chorus by Frank Sinatra" in small type. It sold around five thousand copies. When Columbia reissued the record in 1943 with the now famous Sinatra given top billing, and "with Harry James and his Orchestra" in small type below, the record was on the best–selling list for 18 weeks and reached number 2 on June 2, 1943.
In 1942, the song "As Time Goes By" became immensely popular after it was featured in the Warner Bros. film Casablanca. Rudy Vallée recorded the song for RCA Victor in 1931, and the reissue of his 12-year-old record became a number-one hit.
As the strike extended into 1943, record companies bypassed the striking musicians by recording their popular vocalists singing with vocal groups filling the backup role normally filled by orchestras. Columbia, which had signed Sinatra on June 1, 1943, was keen to issue records featuring their new star; the company therefore hired Axel Stordahl as arranger and conductor for several sessions with a vocal group called the Bobby Tucker Singers. These first sessions were on June 7, June 22, August 5, and November 10, 1943. Of the nine songs recorded during these sessions, seven charted on the best–selling list. Other recordings made this way included:
Perry Como's first RCA Victor record "Goodbye Sue" (1943) (1944 V-Disc version with orchestra)
"Have I Stayed Away Too Long?" by Perry Como
"Lili Marlene" by Perry Como
"Long Ago (and Far Away)" by Perry Como
"Sunday, Monday, or Always"
by Bing Crosby
by Frank Sinatra
"You'll Never Know"
by Frank Sinatra
by Dick Haymes
The strike had an effect on radio shows that used recorded music due to the limited number of new recordings. Radio programs that relied mainly on records found it difficult to keep introducing new music to their listeners. Martin Block, host of WNEW's Make Believe Ballroom radio show, circumvented the ban by having friends in England send him versions of records produced in the UK, where the ban was not in effect. He was forced to discontinue this practice after the station's house orchestra staged a retaliatory strike, which was settled when WNEW agreed not to broadcast records made after August 1, 1942.
The only prominent musical organization not to be affected by the strike was the Boston Symphony Orchestra, as they were not in the union.
Ending the strike
Some recording companies did not have an extensive backlog of recordings and they settled with the union after just over a year. Decca Records and its transcription subsidiary World Broadcasting System settled in September 1943, agreeing to make direct payments to a union-controlled "relief fund", followed shortly by the recently established Capitol Records, on October 11, 1943. Capitol had only issued its first records on July 1, 1942, 30 days before the strike began.
Other recording and transcription companies continued to pursue the case with the National Labor Relations Board and the National War Labor Board, culminating in a WLB directive demanding that the AFM rescind its ban on musicians recording for those companies. When the AFM refused to comply, the matter was referred to President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who wrote to James Petrillo:
The union refused to budge, and with competing companies having made new recordings for more than a year, RCA Victor and Columbia finally capitulated, agreeing to substantially similar terms as the other recording companies, on November 11, 1944. The new contract included language releasing artists from exclusive recording contracts should the AFM strike those companies. Within a few hours after signing the new contract, RCA Victor had Vaughn Monroe and his orchestra record two songs from the new Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film musical, Meet Me in St. Louis. The record was quickly mastered, pressed and placed on sale just two days later.
The end of the strike was not the end of the royalty dispute, however. As television was beginning, there were questions regarding musicians and royalties from this new medium, and a similar strike was called for 1948, lasting close to a year, ending on December 14, 1948.
Consequences
Over the long term the record companies were not hurt by the strike. In 1941, 127 million records were sold; in 1946, two years after the strike, that number jumped to 275 million and it jumped higher in 1947 to 400 million.
Small specialty labels
The strike stopped business between major record labels and musicians under contract with them. With recording and manufacturing equipment idle from the strike, enterprising music promoters, record distributors, and store owners with the right connections took the opportunity to start small specialty labels, such as Savoy (1942) and Apollo (1943–44), that catered to musicians who were not under contract. Sometimes musicians under contract restrictions recorded for them under pseudonyms. That business model worked in large urban markets such as New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles, where concentrated markets allowed a sufficient return from local distribution. Many of the historically important recordings of jazz and R&B from the mid-1940s originated from these small labels, including an early 1944 recording of "Woody'n You" for Apollo featuring Coleman Hawkins and Dizzy Gillespie, which is often cited as the first formal recording of the form of jazz known as bebop. Although not lucrative for musicians, these small labels gained them exposure that sometimes led to contracts with more established labels.
Decline of the big bands
One unexpected result of the strike was the decline in popularity of the big bands of the 1930s and early 1940s. The strike was not the only cause of this decline, but it hastened the shift from big bands with an accompanying vocalist to an emphasis on the vocalist, with the exclusion of the band. In the 1930s and pre–strike 1940s, big bands dominated popular music; immediately following the strike, vocalists began to dominate popular music.
During the strike, vocalists could and did record without instrumentalists; instrumentalists could not record for the public at all. As historian Peter Soderbergh expressed it, "Until the war most singers were props. After the war they became the stars and the role of the bands was gradually subordinated."
Before the strike began there were signs that the increasing popularity of singers was beginning to reshape the big bands. When Frank Sinatra joined Tommy Dorsey's band in 1940, most selections started with a Tommy Dorsey solo. By the time Sinatra left in 1942, his songs with the band began with his singing, followed by any solos by Dorsey or others.
A significant moment in the rise of the vocalist occurred when Sinatra performed with Benny Goodman and his Orchestra at New York City's Paramount Theater on December 30, 1942. Sinatra was third–billed on the program and although he was then the most popular singer in the country, Goodman had never heard of him. Goodman announced him and the audience roared and shrieked for five minutes. Goodman's bewildered response was, "What the hell was that?" Once Sinatra started to sing, the audience continued to shriek during every song. As a saxophone player said, "When Frank hit that screaming bunch of kids, the big bands just went right into the background."
The other major cause of the decline of the big bands was World War II itself—and the resulting loss of band members who were drafted, curtailment of traveling by touring bands because of gasoline rationing, and a shortage of the shellac used to make records.
Lack of recordings of early bebop
As discussed by James Lincoln Collier, Geoffrey Ward, and Ken Burns, the new musical style known later than bebop, developed by Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie and others during the period of the strike, was not recorded and was not available to the general public because of the strike. James Lincoln Collier wrote in The Making of Jazz: "By about 1942 it was clear to musicians that here was something more than mere experimentation. Here was a new kind of music. Unfortunately, we cannot pinpoint these developments [because of the strike]. As a result there are few commercial recordings of any of the bop players during the years they were working out their innovations." As Geoffrey C. Ward and Ken Burns put it in Jazz: A History of America's Music (based on Burns' miniseries), "And so, except for a handful of dedicated collaborators and a few devoted fans, the new music Parker and Gillespie and their cohorts were developing remained largely a secret". However, session dates of specialty labels such as Keynote, Savoy, and Apollo continued recording during the period when the ban was affecting the major labels. Those recordings for the most part showcased the more established styles of jazz, R&B, Calypso, and Gospel, with bebop first recorded for the Apollo label in early 1944. All of the recordings of bebop from 1944-45 after the strike were performed for small labels, with the new music only later starting to gain promotion from the majors.
Notes
External links
Reproduction of Down Beat magazine article on the start of strike
Billboard, July 26, 1947-Whither Disk Biz, Petrillo? Article discusses second AFM strike which would take place in 1948.
Time, December 27, 1948-One for Harry Time Magazine's account of the settlement of the second AFM strike in 1948.
American music history
1942 labor disputes and strikes
1943 labor disputes and strikes
1944 labor disputes and strikes
Entertainment industry labor disputes in the United States
Labor disputes in the United States
1942 in American music
1943 in American music
1944 in American music
1940s in American music
American Federation of Musicians
The 1929 Yale Bulldogs football team represented Yale University in the 1929 college football season. In their second year under head coach Mal Stevens, the Bulldogs compiled a 5–2–1 record.
Schedule
References
Yale
Yale Bulldogs football seasons
Yale Bulldogs football
The men's 800 metres event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 13, 14 and 15 October.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Semifinals
Final
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
The 1986 Islington Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Islington London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Mairead Ronan (; born 3 April 1980) is an Irish television and radio presenter.
Early life
Ronan was born in Finglas on the Northside of Dublin. She attended a HR Management course after leaving school, but switched to a media course at Ballyfermot College of Further Education.
Radio career
Ronan was featured on The Ray D'Arcy Show that originally aired every weekday morning on Today FM. She initially interned on the show before being promoted to broadcasting assistant, and then became co-producer, also featuring as an on-air contributor.
When Ray D'Arcy left Today FM, Ronan became the producer of The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show. In 2017, after fifteen years with the radio station Ronan left the radio station to focus on other projects. In 2019, Ronan rejoined the station fronting her own daily music and entertainment show, The Mairead Ronan Show between 12pm-2pm. On 12th November 2021, Ronan announced that she was leaving Today FM again to spend time with her family.
Television career
From November 2006, Ronan became a panelist on series five of the popular RTÉ show The Panel.
Ronan coached Ballymun Kickhams in the 2010 season of Celebrity Bainisteoir. She was also a regular on Republic of Telly on RTÉ 2.
She presented Hello Baby, Bye Bye Body, an RTÉ programme on post-pregnancy body issues, in December 2011.
In October 2012 she was the main presenter of Celebrity Bainisteoir:the Rivals, and in November 2012 she was a presenter on the new The Movie Show on RTÉ Two.
Since 2013, Ronan has hosted the RTÉ competition reality programme, Ireland's Fittest Family. In 2018, she stepped down from hosting the sixth series of the show to have her third child. She resumed hosting duties from 2019.
In 2017, Ronan became the co-host of the RTÉ travel show, Getaways, with Joe Lindsay.
She was the winner the 2019 series of the Irish edition of Dancing with the Stars.
Business ventures
In April 2016, in partnership with Debbie Lawless, Ronan launched FARO, a hairstyling equipment brand.
Personal life
It was announced on 4 July 2010 that Ronan's marriage to advertising executive Eddie Fitzpatrick had ended. She had married him at the age of 24 after meeting him when her mother died on the eve of her 21st birthday. She married businessman Louis Ronan in the village of Ballyclerihan in County Tipperary in June 2015.
Ronan has three children: a son, Dara, from her first marriage to Eddie Fitzpatrick, whom she had when she was 26, and two daughters, Eliza and Bonnie, from her second marriage to Ronan.
References
External links
Website of Faro, Ronan's hair brand
1980 births
Living people
Television personalities from Dublin (city)
RTÉ television presenters
The Ray D'Arcy Show
Takatoka, (, ) (c. 1755 – 1824), was the second Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation—West (1813–1817) established in the old Arkansaw Territory.
Life
Takatoka was an 1810 Cherokee emigrant to the Arkansaw area of the Louisiana Territory. Takatoka rose to the office of principal chief after the departure of his predecessor, The Bowl (or Di'wali). The Bowl had been a past Chickamauga leader who had led Takatoka and several hundred followers into 'the west' to escape the influence and constant expansion of the United States.
Takatoka served as war chief of the western Cherokee during the Cherokee-Osage War (1817–1823), having been replaced as principal chief by Tahlonteeskee. He became ill and quickly died in the home of Pierre Menard, one of the richest men in Illinois at the time, while en route to Washington D.C. during a diplomatic mission.
References
Further reading
Mooney, James. Myths of the Cherokee and Sacred Formulas of the Cherokee. (Nashville: Charles and Randy Elder-Booksellers, 1982).
1750s births
1824 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee Nation (1794–1907)
18th-century Native Americans
19th-century Native Americans
Statue of Charles Devens may refer to
Equestrian statue of Charles Devens
Statue of Charles Devens (Boston)
Calvin Lawrence Booth (born May 7, 1976) is an American basketball executive and a former professional basketball player who currently serves as the General Manager for the Denver Nuggets.
College career
Booth attended Penn State University after starring at Groveport Madison High School in Ohio. As a junior, he was named the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year. As a senior, he was a second team All-Big Ten Conference pick. He earned his Bachelor of Arts at Penn State in 1998.
NBA playing career
Booth was drafted by the Washington Wizards in the second round (35th overall) of the 1999 NBA draft. He played for the Wizards, the Dallas Mavericks, Seattle SuperSonics, Philadelphia 76ers, Milwaukee Bucks, Minnesota Timberwolves, and Sacramento Kings, averaging 3.3 points, 2.8 rebounds and 1.0 blocks per game. During the 2006–07 NBA season, he played for the Washington Wizards a second time, providing play from off the bench and starting occasionally.
On January 13, 2004, as a member of the Supersonics, Booth recorded a career-high 10 blocks in 17 minutes of playing time. He accompanied this with 2 points, 0 rebounds, 0 assists, and 0 steals. The Supersonics lost this game to the Cavaliers, 96–104.
In Game 5 of the 2001 NBA playoffs against the Utah Jazz, Booth made a layup with 9.8 seconds remaining to give Dallas a game-ending 84–83 lead and therefore a 3–2 series victory; this was the Mavericks' first winning playoff series since the 1988 Western Conference semifinals against Denver.
On September 10, 2007 Booth signed as a free agent with the Philadelphia 76ers.
Front office career
Booth started his front office career with the New Orleans Pelicans as a scout during the 2012–13 season. After one year there he moved to the Minnesota Timberwolves, working his way up to director of player personnel. On August 16, 2017, Booth was named assistant general manager of the Denver Nuggets. On July 7, 2020, Booth was named General Manager of the Denver Nuggets.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" | 1999–00
| align="left" | Washington
| 11 || 0 || 13.0 || .348 || .000 || .714 || 2.9 || .6 || .3 || 1.3 || 3.8
|-
| align="left" | 2000–01
| align="left" | Washington
| 40 || 22 || 16.0 || .440 || .000 || .733 || 4.4 || .6 || .4 || 2.0 || 4.5
|-
| align="left" | 2000–01
| align="left" | Dallas
| 15 || 7 || 19.5 || .548 || .000 || .606 || 4.8 || 1.3 || .8 || 2.0 || 7.5
|-
| align="left" | 2001–02
| align="left" | Seattle
| 15 || 15 || 18.6 || .427 || .000 || .958 || 3.6 || 1.1 || .4 || .9 || 6.2
|-
| align="left" | 2002–03
| align="left" | Seattle
| 47 || 0 || 12.2 || .437 || .000 || .723 || 2.3 || .3 || .2 || .7 || 2.9
|-
| align="left" | 2003–04
| align="left" | Seattle
| 71 || 35 || 17.0 || .466 || .000 || .798 || 3.9 || .4 || .2 || 1.4 || 4.9
|-
| align="left" | 2004–05
| align="left" | Dallas
| 34 || 1 || 7.7 || .430 || .000 || .875 || 1.7 || .1 || .3 || .5 || 2.4
|-
| align="left" | 2004–05
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 17 || 0 || 11.1 || .517 || .000 || .750 || 2.9 || .2 || .2 || .7 || 2.5
|-
| align="left" | 2005–06
| align="left" | Washington
| 33 || 2 || 7.6 || .426 || .500 || .556 || 1.6 || .4 || .3 || .3 || 1.4
|-
| align="left" | 2006–07
| align="left" | Washington
| 44 || 1 || 8.6 || .470 || .500 || .600 || 1.8 || .4 || .1 || .7 || 1.6
|-
| align="left" | 2007–08
| align="left" | Philadelphia
| 31 || 0 || 6.6 || .333 || .000 || .600 || 1.2 || .3 || .2 || .6 || .8
|-
| align="left" | 2008–09
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 1 || 0 || 1.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 1.0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|-
| align="left" | 2008–09
| align="left" | Sacramento
| 7 || 0 || 7.9 || .500 || .000 || .750 || 1.4 || .0 || .1 || .3 || 2.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 366 || 83 || 12.2 || .451 || .222 || .748 || 2.8 || .4 || .3 || .9 || 3.3
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2001
| align="left" | Dallas
| 10 || 0 || 13.7 || .405 || .000 || .889 || 2.8 || .2 || .7 || .6 || 3.8
|-
| align="left" | 2007
| align="left" | Washington
| 1 || 0 || 18.0 || .667 || .000 || .000 || 4.0 || 1.0 || 1.0 || .0 || 4.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 11 || 0 || 14.1 || .425 || .000 || .889 || 2.9 || .3 || .7 || .6 || 3.8
See also
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball career blocks leaders
List of National Basketball Association players with 10 or more blocks in a game
References
External links
NBA.com biography of Calvin Booth
1976 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Columbus, Ohio
Centers (basketball)
Dallas Mavericks players
Denver Nuggets executives
Goodwill Games medalists in basketball
Milwaukee Bucks players
Minnesota Timberwolves players
Penn State Nittany Lions basketball players
People from Reynoldsburg, Ohio
Philadelphia 76ers players
Power forwards (basketball)
Sacramento Kings players
Seattle SuperSonics players
Sportspeople from Columbus, Ohio
Washington Wizards draft picks
Washington Wizards players
Competitors at the 1998 Goodwill Games
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Claughton ( ) is a village and suburb of Birkenhead, on the Wirral Peninsula, Merseyside, England. It is situated approximately to the west of Birkenhead town centre, adjacent to Birkenhead Park. Administratively, Claughton is a ward of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral. Before local government reorganisation on 1 April 1974, it was part of the County Borough of Birkenhead, within the county of Cheshire.
At the 2001 census, the population of Claughton was 13,723.
For the 2011 census the total population of Claughton Ward, which also included Noctorum, was 14,705.
History
The name is of Viking origin, deriving from the Old Norse Klakkr-tun, meaning "hamlet on a hillock".
Claughton Manor House was built in about 1850 by local benefactor Sir William Jackson, with its gardens designed by Sir Joseph Paxton. It occupied a site between Egerton Road and Manor Hill until it was pulled down in the 1930s.
Recalling his childhood in Claughton in the 1860s, the artist Harry B. Neilson wrote:
The Birkenhead Institute was founded in 1889 by a local philanthropist, George Atkin, who established the school as a commercial company with shareholders and directors.
Originally situated in Whetstone Lane, Birkenhead, it was relocated in the 1970s to premises on Tollemache Road in Claughton. The school closed in 1994 and was subsequently demolished. Wilfred Owen, the World War I poet, attended the school at its original location. A residential road has been named after him on the Tollemache Road site.
Civic history
Previously a township split between the parishes of Bidston and Woodchurch of the Wirral A Hundred, Claughton was a civil parish from 1866 until 1898 when it was added to Birkenhead civil parish and municipal borough. The population was recorded at 67 in 1801, 714 in 1851
and 733 in 1898.
On 1 April 1974, local government reorganisation in England and Wales resulted in most of the Wirral Peninsula, including Claughton, transfer from Cheshire to the nascent county of Merseyside.
Geography
Claughton is in the north-eastern part of the Wirral Peninsula, approximately south-south-east of the Irish Sea at Wallasey, east-north-east of the Dee Estuary at Caldy and west of the River Mersey at Woodside. Claughton is situated on the eastern side of Bidston Hill, with the shops and college on the A5027 road at an elevation of above sea level.
Governance
Claughton is within the parliamentary constituency of Birkenhead. The current Member of Parliament is Mick Whitley, a Labour representative. He has been the MP since 2019.
At local government level, the area is incorporated into the Claughton Ward of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, in the metropolitan county of Merseyside. It is represented on Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council by three councillors. The most recent local elections took place on 6 May 2021.
Economy
The village has a large number of shops, as well as cafes, bakery, florist, post office, and local pubs such as the 'Claughton Hotel', the 'Heather Brow' and 'Houlihan's Variety Club'.
Education
Claughton is the location of Birkenhead Sixth Form College, which was established by the local education authority in 1988.
Transport
Claughton Village lies on the A5027 road, which continues on westbound to Saughall Massie and joins the A553 road towards Birkenhead.
Birkenhead Park railway station is located approximately to the east of Claughton. This station is on the Wirral Line of the Merseyrail network.
Notable people
The artist Harry B. Neilson grew up in Claughton, living in a house in Forest Road called Airliewood which his father had built in 1863.
War artist Edgar Downs was born in Claughton in 1876, as was Cecil Arthur Lewis, the First World War fighter ace and BBC executive, in 1898.
Others
Charles Alford, church minister, incumbent at Christ Church, Claughton
John Blakeney, priest, curate of Christ Church, Claughton
Gruffydd Evans, Baron Evans of Claughton, politician, educated in Birkenhead and lived in Claughton
Cecil Holden, cricketer, died in Claughton
Stephen Ladyman, Labour politician, educated in Claughton
Charles Reed, architect, died in Claughton
John Taylor, church minister, vicar of Christ Church, Claughton
William Taylor, church minister, curate in Claughton
Harry Verelst, cricketer, born in Claughton
Frederick Smeeton Williams, church minister, worked in Claughton
Arthur Willmer, cricketer, born in Claughton
See also
Listed buildings in Claughton, Merseyside
References
Bibliography
External links
Towns and villages in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral
Birkenhead
Ginninderra Creek, a partly perennial stream of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the Capital Country region spanning both the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales, Australia.
Ginninderra is derived from the Aboriginal word, meaning "sparkling" or "throwing little rays of light". The traditional custodians of the land surrounding Ginninderra Creek are the Aboriginal people of the Ngunnawal tribe.
Course
Ginninderra Creek rises on the northern border between the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) and New South Wales (NSW), sourced from the Spring Range, located north-east of Hall. The creek flows generally south-west across the Ginninderra Plain, through the Gungahlin and Belconnen regions in Canberra, and then heads west crossing the western border between the ACT and flowing into NSW, towards its confluence with the Murrumbidgee River. The creek descends over its course.
Ginninderra Creek is impounded by Gungahlin Pond and Lake Ginninderra, a man-made lake that was constructed in 1974 to act as a sedimentation pond. The creek flows over the Ginninderra Falls, descending , and through Ginninderra Gorge, to its confluence with the Murrumbidgee River.
The catchment of Ginninderra Creek covers approximately .
The Ginninderra Creek catchment carries approximately a quarter of Canberra's urban runoff, and there is considerable risk of runoff from urban areas harming aquatic ecosystems in the Murrumbidgee River system.
Recreation
Ginninderra Falls was a popular scenic tourist destination, opened initially as a private tourist park from the late 1990s. John Gale argued that the Ginninderra Falls were so pretty that Canberra should be chosen as the capital city of Australia, rather than the proposal to choose Dalgety as the location for the national capital. From mid-2011 onwards, advocacy began for the establishment of a national park containing the Ginninderra Falls, comprising and covering both ACT and NSW, inclusive of the existing Woodstock Nature Reserve in the ACT.
References
External links
Ginninderra Catchment Group
Water Watch Results
A Proposal for a Murrumbidgee – Ginninderra Gorges National Park website
Rivers of the Australian Capital Territory
Rivers of New South Wales
Tributaries of the Murrumbidgee River
Leon Max (born Leonid Maksovich Rodovinsky; ; 12 February 1954) is a Russian-American fashion designer and retailer.
Early life
Max was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union (now Saint Petersburg), in 1954. He then sought political asylum to Vienna on his way to Israel. He later enrolled at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City. He became a naturalized United States citizen in 1986, at which time he legally changed his name to Leon Max.
Career
He worked as a personal trainer in New York. He then worked for the New York fashion house Tahari, and then Los Angeles-based Bis, a women's sportswear firm.
He founded Max Studio in 1979. An upmarket fashion chain, Max Studio sells through department stores. It also has 46 of its own retail stores in the U.S. and another 50 in the Far East.
In July 2012, he received an honorary degree from the University of Northampton.
Personal life
He was divorced twice. His second wife was Ame Austin, an American model and stylist. In 2014, he married Yana Boyko, a Ukrainian model.
In 2005, he purchased Easton Neston in Northamptonshire, England from Lord Hesketh. He converted the 10,000 sq ft of the fire damaged Wren wing of the house, plus the out buildings which were the home of defunct Formula One team Hesketh Racing into a design studio. The interior design was done by Lady Henrietta Spencer-Churchill. In July 2011, a party was thrown at Easton Neston to celebrate the completion of its renovation. It was hosted by Richard Dennen, Mary Charteris and Josephine de La Baume.
In 2010, he purchased a house formerly owned by Madonna in the Hollywood Hills, near the Hollywood Sign in Los Angeles, California.
According to The Sunday Times in 2020, Max has a net worth of £410 million.
References
External links
MaxStudio
Living people
1954 births
People from West Northamptonshire District
People from Los Angeles
American fashion designers
Fashion Institute of Technology alumni
Soviet emigrants to the United States
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Kim Jin-tae (born 23 March 1968) is a South Korean water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
South Korean male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of South Korea
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
José Maldonado González (12 November 1900, in Tineo, Asturias – 11 February 1985, in Oviedo) was the last president of the Spanish Republican government in Exile. Elected in the 1936 Spanish general election as a deputy for Oviedo province, he was a member of the Republican Left party, which formed part of the Popular Front. In 1938, several months before the end of the Spanish Civil War and the fall of the Second Spanish Republic, Maldonado fled to France.
Already in exile, Maldonado held positions in many parts of the notional Republican government, such as Minister of Justice (1949–1951) and Minister of Justice and Information (1962–1971).
At a more practical level, Maldonado lived in Paris and held a variety of teaching jobs. He was also active as a
Freemason.
In 1970 he succeeded Luis Jiménez de Asúa as President of the Republic in exile. In 1977 he recognized the elections in Spain and agreed on ceasing international relations, in accordance with the president José López Portillo of Mexico.
References
Offices and titles
1900 births
1985 deaths
People from Tineo
Radical Socialist Republican Party politicians
Republican Left (Spain) politicians
Presidents of Spain
Government ministers of Spain
Members of the Congress of Deputies of the Second Spanish Republic
Politicians from Asturias
Spanish people of the Spanish Civil War (Republican faction)
Exiles of the Spanish Civil War in France
Exiled Spanish politicians
Dalbec may refer to:
Aaron Dalbec, American musician
Bobby Dalbec (born 1995), American baseball player for the Boston Red Sox
Dalbec (folklore), a folk hero from Québec folklore
Cichobórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately south of Prochowice, east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
The Chi-Phat commune (,pronunciation: cheephat) is located deep within the Cardamom Mountains at Koh Kong Province, south-west Cambodia.
The commune consists of four villages: Chi-Phat, Komlot, Chom-Sla and T'k La'o. The commune population is estimated around 3,000 inhabitants (2010).
The residents make their living mainly out of agriculture, fishing and tourism.
Ecotourism efforts in recent years have made Chipat a popular destination for foreign visitors and local Cambodians alike.
Populated places in Koh Kong province
Communes of Koh Kong Province
Faulkner County is located in the Central Arkansas region of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 113,237, making it the fifth most populous of Arkansas's 75 counties. The county seat and largest city is Conway. Faulkner County was created on April 12, 1873, one of nine counties formed during Reconstruction, and is named for Sandford C. Faulkner, better known as Sandy Faulkner, a popular figure in the state at the time.
Located at the intersection of the Ozarks and Arkansas River Valley, the county was sparsely populated for much of its early years. Largely a county of rural settlements, growth came slowly following the Civil War and Reconstruction. The college known today as University of Central Arkansas was established in 1907, but population continued to grow slowly. The growth of Little Rock and the construction of Interstate 40 have made Conway and other parts of Faulkner County into bedroom communities for the state capitol. Today Faulkner County is included in the Central Arkansas metro area, with Conway as a principal city.
History
Eponym
Faulkner County was formed from parts of Conway and Pulaski counties on April 12, 1873, and is named after Sandford C. Faulkner, a planter, raconteur, and fiddle player known for his popular mid-19th century folk song "Arkansas Traveler", the official historic song of the U.S. state of Arkansas since 1987.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.4%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 40
U.S. Highway 64
U.S. Highway 65
Highway 25
Highway 60
Highway 89
Highway 107
Adjacent counties
Cleburne County (northeast)
White County (east)
Lonoke County (southeast)
Pulaski County (south)
Perry County (southwest)
Conway County (west)
Van Buren County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 123,498 people, 47,389 households, and 31,590 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 86,014 people, 31,882 households, and 22,444 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 34,546 housing units at an average density of 53 per square mile (21/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 88.33% White, 8.48% Black or African American, 0.52% Native American, 0.72% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.68% from other races, and 1.23% from two or more races. 1.75% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 31,882 households, out of which 35.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.70% were married couples living together, 10.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.60% were non-families. 22.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.60% under the age of 18, 15.30% from 18 to 24, 30.10% from 25 to 44, 19.50% from 45 to 64, and 9.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,204, and the median income for a family was $45,946. Males had a median income of $32,288 versus $24,428 for females. The per capita income for the county was $35,159. About 7.90% of families and 12.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.90% of those under age 18 and 12.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles Faulkner county has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Arkansas native Bill Clinton in 1996.
Education
Public education
Publicly funded education for elementary and secondary school students is provided by:
Conway School District, which includes Conway High School, Conway
Greenbrier School District, which includes Greenbrier High School, Greenbrier
Guy–Perkins School District, which includes Guy–Perkins High School, Guy
Mayflower School District, which includes Mayflower High School, Mayflower
Mount Vernon–Enola School District, which includes Mount Vernon–Enola High School, Mount Vernon
Vilonia School District, which includes Vilonia High School, Vilonia
Private education
Privately funded education for elementary and secondary school students is provided by:
St. Joseph High School, Conway
Conway Christian School (Conway, Arkansas)
Communities
Cities
Conway
Greenbrier
Guy
Holland
Mayflower
Quitman (mostly in Cleburne County)
Vilonia
Towns
Damascus (partly in Van Buren County)
Enola
Mount Vernon
Twin Groves
Wooster
Townships
Beaverfork
Benedict (contains part of Conway)
Benton (contains part of Quitman)
Bristol
Cadron (contains most of Conway and part of Mayflower)
California (contains most of Guy, part of Twin Groves)
Clifton (contains Wooster)
Cypress (contains most of Vilonia)
Danley (contains most of Mayflower)
Eagle (contains part of Holland and Vilonia)
East Fork
Enola (contains most of Enola)
Hardin (contains Greenbrier and part of Holland)
Harve (contains most of Holland, part of Enola)
Liberty
Matthews
Mountain
Mount Vernon (contains Mount Vernon)
Newton
Palarm (contains part of Vilonia)
Pine Mountain (contains part of Conway and Mayflower)
Union (contains part of Twin Groves)
Walker (contains most of Twin Groves, part of Damascus and Guy)
Wilson, includes Cato, Arkansas
Source:
See also
Faulconer County
List of lakes in Faulkner County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Faulkner County, Arkansas
David J. Sanders, state senator who represents part of Faulkner County
David Meeks and Stephen Meeks, Republican brothers from Faulkner County who represent Districts 70 and 67, respectively in the Arkansas House of Representatives
References
External links
1873 establishments in Arkansas
Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1873
Sandford C. Faulkner
Ballyfermot College of Further Education (BCFE; ) is an educational institution in Ballyfermot, Dublin, Ireland, a college of further and higher education.
Management
Ballyfermot College of Further Education is managed by the City of Dublin Educational and Training Board (CDETB) with a local Board of Management representative of the community and special interests, industry, services and commerce, and students and staff. The CDETB is the statutory agency for vocational and technological education for the City of Dublin. It manages 21 schools and colleges, which cater for 11,000 students.
As of 2021, Ms Cecilia Munro was the principal of the college and the deputy principals were Ms Jacqueline Moloney, Dr Denis Murray and Mr Kenneth Rea.
History
The college opened in 1979 as the Senior College Ballyfermot Sr. Dr. Margaret Mac Curtain OP was its founding principal. Since then the college has worked with a range of educational and industrial partners to develop and offer a wide range of successful courses in further and higher education. The college caters for students from the age of 17 and upwards. The college offers a choice of 39 courses of Further and Higher Education in 9 departmental.
Senior College Ballyfermot (SCB)
The Senior College opened in September 1979 to provide the Leaving Certificate to students from Ballyfermot. After consultation with local secondary schools, it was decided that students from three of the local schools, Ballyfermot Vocational School, Caritas and St Dominic's, would complete their Leaving Certificate exams in the Senior College. The new school offered a wide range of subjects to the boys and girls in the area.
The new College also offered secretarial courses to post Leaving and post-Intermediate Certificate students, as well as pre-employment courses for post-Intermediate students.
During the 1980s a range of post-Leaving Cert. courses was introduced into the College, including Preliminary Engineering which had links with Dublin Institute of Technology Bolton Street, Hotel Catering and Tourism courses which had links with CERT, business courses and social care courses. Most of these courses continue today. In the 1990s the Senior College gave up its Leaving Certificate classes, which returned to the local schools and continued to develop Post-Leaving Certificate courses.
In 2000 the Senior College changed its name to Ballyfermot College of Further Education (BCFE).
Departments
Within BCFE there are several Departments: Art, Design and Graphics, Moving Images, Business, Engineering, Lifelong Learning, Media, Music, Performance, Management and Sound, Social Care, Television and Film, Travel, Tourism and Reception. The college delivers two degrees, one in Media Production Management (accredited by Dublin City University) and one in Animation (validated by Dundee University), and a number of BTEC Higher National Diplomas and QQI Level 5 courses.
Buildings
There are 3 separate buildings within BCFE college. The Main Building and Media Building are side by side, to the left of Ballyfermot Road if coming from the city centre direction. The Arts building is located a short distance away on Kylemore Road.
Alumni
Sara Baume, novelist
Sarah Breen, author
Junior Brother, musician
Daragh O'Connell, co-founder of Brown Bag Films, animation graduate 1992
Eileen Flynn, member of the 26th Seanad
Riyadh Khalaf, Celebrity Masterchef winner 2020, YouTube influencer
Emer McLysaght, journalist and author
Tomm Moore, co-founder of Cartoon Saloon
Aidan Power, television and radio presenter
Mairead Ronan, television and radio presenter
Nora Twomey, co-founder of Cartoon Saloon
Paul Young, co-founder and CEO of Cartoon Saloon
References
External links
Ballyfermot College of Further Education
https://www.irishtimes.com/news/education/animators-are-drawing-praise-1.48902
https://www.awn.com/blog/tonight-reunion-ballyers
Further education colleges in South Dublin (county)
The two-state vector formalism (TSVF) is a description of quantum mechanics in terms of a causal relation in which the present is caused by quantum states of the past and of the future taken in combination.
Theory
The two-state vector formalism is one example of a time-symmetric interpretation of quantum mechanics (see Interpretations of quantum mechanics). Time-symmetric interpretations of quantum mechanics were first suggested by Walter Schottky in 1921, and later by several other scientists. The two-state vector formalism was first developed by Satosi Watanabe in 1955, who named it the Double Inferential state-Vector Formalism (DIVF). Watanabe proposed that information given by forwards evolving quantum states is not complete; rather, both forwards and backwards evolving quantum states are required to describe a quantum state: a first state vector that evolves from the initial conditions towards the future, and a second state vector that evolves backwards in time from future boundary conditions. Past and future measurements, taken together, provide complete information about a quantum system. Watanabe's work was later rediscovered by Yakir Aharonov, Peter Bergmann and Joel Lebowitz in 1964, who later renamed it the Two-State Vector Formalism (TSVF). Conventional prediction, as well as retrodiction, can be obtained formally by separating out the initial conditions (or, conversely, the final conditions) by performing sequences of coherence-destroying operations, thereby cancelling out the influence of the two state vectors.
The two-state vector is represented by:
where the state evolves backwards from the future and the state evolves forwards from the past.
In the example of the double-slit experiment, the first state vector evolves from the electron leaving its source, the second state vector evolves backwards from the final location of the electron on the detection screen, and the combination of forwards and backwards evolving state vectors determines what occurs when the electron passes the slits.
The two-state vector formalism provides a time-symmetric description of quantum mechanics, and is constructed such as to be time-reversal invariant. It can be employed in particular for analyzing pre- and post-selected quantum systems. Building on the notion of two-state, Reznik and Aharonov constructed a time-symmetric formulation of quantum mechanics that encompasses probabilistic observables as well as nonprobabilistic weak observables.
Relation to other work
In view of the TSVF approach, and in order to allow information to be obtained about quantum systems that are both pre- and post-selected, Yakir Aharonov, David Albert and Lev Vaidman developed the theory of weak values.
In TSVF, causality is time-symmetric; that is, the usual chain of causality is not simply reversed. Rather, TSVF combines causality both from the past (forward causation) and the future (backwards causation, or retrocausality).
Similarly as the de Broglie–Bohm theory, TSVF yields the same predictions as standard quantum mechanics. Lev Vaidman emphasizes that TSVF fits very well with Hugh Everett's many-worlds interpretation, with the difference that initial and final conditions single out one branch of wavefunctions (our world).
The two-state vector formalism has similarities with the transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics proposed by John G. Cramer in 1986, although Ruth Kastner has argued that the two interpretations (Transactional and Two-State Vector) have important differences as well. It shares the property of time symmetry with the Wheeler–Feynman absorber theory by Richard Feynman and John Archibald Wheeler and with the time-symmetric theories of Kenneth B. Wharton and Michael B. Heaney
See also
Satosi Watanabe
Yakir Aharonov
Weak measurement
Delayed choice experiment
Wheeler–Feynman absorber theory
Positive operator valued measure
References
Further reading
Yakir Aharonov, Lev Vaidman: The Two-State Vector Formalism of Quantum Mechanics: an Updated Review. In: Juan Gonzalo Muga, Rafael Sala Mayato, Íñigo Egusquiza (eds.): Time in Quantum Mechanics, Volume 1, Lecture Notes in Physics, vol. 734, pp. 399–447, 2nd ed., Springer, 2008, , DOI 10.1007/978-3-540-73473-4_13, arXiv:quant-ph/0105101v2 (submitted 21 May 2001, version of 10 June 2007)
Lev Vaidman: The Two-State Vector Formalism, arXiv:0706.1347v1 (submitted 10 June 2007)
Yakir Aharonov, Eyal Y. Gruss: Two-time interpretation of quantum mechanics, arXiv:quant-ph/0507269v1 (submitted 28 July 2005)
Eyal Gruss: A Suggestion for a Teleological Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics, arXiv:quant-ph/0006070v2 (submitted 14 June 2000, version of 4 August 2000)
Causality
Quantum mechanics
Firmansyah Aprillianto (born 9 April 1990 in Malang, East Java) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Arema FC in the Indonesia Super League. Another incident came to light in 2013 but again this was just considered a rumour and fans ensured it would not tarnish his good name.
References
External links
1990 births
Association football midfielders
Living people
Indonesian footballers
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Arema F.C. players
Indonesian Premier Division players
Persekam Metro players
Sportspeople from Malang
This Is Pop Music is the third album by the Norwegian singer/songwriter Espen Lind and the second released under his name. Three singles were released for the album: "Black Sunday", "Life Is Good", and "Where the Lost Ones Go", the latter a duet with Sissel Kyrkjebø. "Where the Lost Ones Go" had previously been released on Sissel's album, All Good Things.
The album was initially considered a commercial disappointment, not selling as well as the previous album, Red, did.
Singles
"Life Is Good" was released as a single in Germany but only managed to peak to the bottom of the singles chart.
"Where the Lost Ones Go" was released in the Netherlands, enjoying moderate success.
Track listing
"Joni Mitchell on the Radio"
"Where the Lost Ones Go"
"Black Sunday"
"Coming Home"
"Everything's Falling Apart"
"Everybody Says"
"The Dolphin Club"
"I Want You"
"This Is the Time! This Is the Place!"
"Life Is Good"
"Pop From Hell"
In the Norwegian version, "Where the Lost Ones Go" was removed from the album.
2000 albums
Espen Lind albums
The "Marysville Power Plant", "nicknamed the Mighty Marysville", "was a Coal-Fired Power Plant" "in Marysville, Michigan on the shore of the St. Clair River". "The plant was "imploded"? on November 7, 2015, after the land was sold to a developer".
History of the Property
The power plant was built on land that formerly housed a lumber mill. The mill was erected in 1690 and is claimed to be the first European settlement in present-day St. Clair County. In 1817 legislator, judge, and businessman Zephaniah W. Bunce came to the area. He named it "Bunceville" and the creek that ran through it "Bunce Creek". Bunceville, along with other small settlements along the St. Clair River would be consolidated into the community of Marysville in the late 1800s. The Bunce household was demolished for construction of the Power Plant and the creek was re-routed underneath the property. A rock and plaque mark the location of the Bunce homestead on the Detroit Edison property.
History of the Plant
Work on the plant began in 1914, as demand grew for electrical power north of Metro Detroit. The plant started generating electricity in 1922 with its first original two units. Two more units were added in 1926. During the mid 1940s, the "high side" was added to the power plant. The "high side" referred to higher pressure steam which could turn higher capacity 75MW generators. During this period nearly 300 people worked at the Power Plant. The plant also had a max capacity of 300MW when both the low and high sides were operational. Between 1988 and 1992 the plant was idled, and returned to service in 1992. For nearly the next ten years, the power plant would continue to run with the two "high side" units with a total of 150MW. In 2001 the plant was idled again. In 2012 the plant was officially decommissioned and the property was placed on the market.
Demolition and Implosion
DTE Energy placed the property on the market in 2012 and held an auction to sell any remaining equipment of value inside the plant. The property was sold to Commercial Development Corporation 2013. Contractors began demolition shortly after, demolishing the plant's turbine hall and historic club house. On November 7, 2015, the remaining boiler house was imploded.
Plans for the site include a hotel, condos, and marina.
See also
List of power stations in Michigan
Global warming
References
Energy infrastructure completed in 1922
Coal-fired power stations in Michigan
DTE Energy
Buildings and structures in St. Clair County, Michigan
Buildings and structures demolished in 2015
Former coal-fired power stations in the United States
Articles containing video clips
Former power stations in Michigan
Schinia roseitincta is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Leon F. Harvey in 1875. It is found in the northern United States and in Canada.
The wingspan is approximately 20 mm.
The larvae feed on Tetraneuris acaulis.
References
Schinia
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Leon F. Harvey
Moths described in 1875
The Building Regulations Advisory Committee (BRAC) is an advisory non-departmental public body of the government of the United Kingdom.
The Building Regulations Advisory Committee is a statutory advisory body that the Secretary of State will consult on proposals to make or change building regulations. In addition the Committee provides expert advice to the Secretary of State on building regulations or related matters. This includes for example the health and safety, welfare and convenience of people in and around buildings; energy conservation and the sustainability of buildings. The BRAC is sponsored by the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Composition
BRAC membership consists of independent volunteers appointed due to their experience and expertise across the construction sector. Members are appointed for a 3-year term and can serve for a maximum of 3 terms. As of July 2017, the committee had 19 members.
Sub-committees
The Building Control Performance Standards Advisory Group (BCPSAG) advises BRAC for England and BRAC for Wales on the performance of building control bodies.
The Competent Person Forum advises BRAC for England and BRAC for Wales on matters of interest for Competent Person Schemes who undertake self-certified building work in England and Wales.
External links
This article contains quotations from this source, which is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0. © Crown copyright.
Construction trade groups based in the United Kingdom
Housing in the United Kingdom
Non-departmental public bodies of the United Kingdom government
Josef Machaň (11 February 1906 – 7 July 1979) was a Czech athlete. He competed in the men's long jump and the men's high jump at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1906 births
1979 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Czech male long jumpers
Czech male high jumpers
Olympic athletes of Czechoslovakia
Sportspeople from Pardubice
Upul () is a Sri Lankan male given name. Notable people with this name include:
Upul Chandana, Sri Lankan cricket player
Upul Fernando (born 1973), Sri Lankan cricket player
Upul Galappaththi (born 1979), Sri Lankan physician and politician
Upul Indrasiri (born 1982), Sri Lankan cricket player
Upul Liyanage, Sri Lankan politician
Upul Mahendra (born 1971), Sri Lankan politician
Upul Sumathipala (born 1959), Sri Lankan cricket player
Upul Tharanga, Sri Lankan cricket player
Sinhalese masculine given names
The Convent of São Pedro de Alcântara () is a Baroque convent and church complex in the civil parish of São Roque, in the municipality of the same name, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
History
The construction of this complex resulted from a religious pledge of piety formulated during the middle of the 17th century, by a native of São Roque do Pico, Sebastião Ferreira Pimentel. In transit to Lisbon, the boat he was travelling on was attacked by pirates or privateers. In their panic, the crew and passengers saw their carrack enveloped by a dense cloud, and when Ferreira Pimentel affirmed that he saw in the rigging of the main mast a figure of a radiant female figure, of rare beauty, which protected them from harm. After the event, the parents of Ferreira Pimentel, Mr. Sebastião Ferreira de Melo and Mrs. Margarida Vieira, ordered the construction in 1658, a small hermitage to the invocation of Nossa Senhora do Livramento (Our Lady of Freedom/Release) in Cais do Pico.
Within a century, with the construction of the Convent of the Order of Friars Minor, or Franciscans under the authority of friar Inácio do Desterro absorbed the primitive structure. Eventually, the convent needed to shelter Franciscan friars from Lajes do Pico following the volcanic eruption of 1 February 1718, that occurred in the civil parish of Santa Luzia, and whose population fled to São Roque for assistance.
Silveira Macedo indicated that on 19 October 1721, the convent and later the church (Christmas 1724) were consumed by fire. Remodelling and reconstruction was only completed in 1726. The writings of friar Bartolomeu Ribeiro, around 1740, indicate that the population around São Roque had hardily grown in the intermediary.
After the forced extinction of religious orders, during the Liberal government, the monks left the convent, and the building began to serve the state in various forms, including prison, courts, finance offices, theatre and cinema, as well as cultural and sports associations and the municipal office buildings. Over time, it began to fall into ruin, with many of the internal spaces vandalized, windows and doors damaged, water infiltration through the roof and most of its artifacts transferred to expositions. It was finally classified as a Property of Public Interest under Decree 129/77, on 29 September 1977, but continued for several years to wait a budget to recuperate and restore its dependencies.
By 2010, the building was converted into living spaces, as a Youth Hostel (), falling into the network of Pousadas da Juventude dos Açores.
Architecture
Over time, the convent and church has become embedded within the urban-rural landscape of the municipality of São Roque do Pico, accessible by Rua São João Bento de Lima. Within the grounds of the convent there are still vestiges of the original courtyard: to the front of the complex is a wall, cistern and access staircase to the former estate, situated on a lower elevation; to the rear of the convent there is still a worked, rectangular poço de maré, of great depths; and the grounds are landscaped by various trees (including Metrosideros and an Araucaria). Still on the grounds, is a more recent monument from the people of Pico dedicated to João Bento do Lima.
The monastic structure consists of a long two-story horizontal facade with a three-story church abutting its western wall, and adjacent bodies characteristic of its role as convent. Behind and hidden by the facade are the convents dependencies and cloister; in the building are still remnants of the ancient refectory, monks' cells and other installations. The kitchen, of grande dimensions, was completely destroyed.
The main floor of the church consists of three Roman Arches and doors (two to the interior of the church and one to the belfry) surmounted by four windows on the second register. The church structure is topped off by a bell-tower and triangular pediment with niche holding the image of Saint Francis of Assisi, and surmounted by a cross. The three storeys are separated by horizontal bands of stone, with the corners, frames, lateral limits, cornices, pilasters and pedestals finished in stone, while the walls are plastered and whitewashed.
Cloister
In the centre of its rectangular cloister is a Christian pillory, consisting of a pillar, pedestal and base with four steps in concentric circles. On either side of the cloister are five Roman arches, with the middle arch representing the passage to the cloister's patio. The arches and pillars are in worked stone, as is the pavement.
Church
The church has one nave with high choir and stacidia (choir stall), a pulpit, two lateral altars and presbytery all designed and completed in carved woods. The pulpit sits on a stone base and is carved in wood, with an overhanging wood decoration completed in gilded wood. Under the pulpit, are low relief carvings in stone with convent's heraldry. On the same wall as this pulpit are three confessionals with entrance from the cloister. The two lateral altars and presbytery are decorated in Baroque-era gilded wood, while the roofs consist of painted wood in vegetal designs. The walls of the prebystery present two grand panels of polychromatic azulejo tile, while a stone-worked baptismal fountain completes the utilitarian aspects of the church.
Although the church and convent are dedicated to São Pedro de Alcântara, the main altar displays an image of the Assumption of the Virgin, surrounded by a gilded wood decoration comparable to the Matriz Church of Horta, on which this was likely based. In the sacristy is a grande armorie constructed of Jacaranda wood imported from Brazil.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Pousadas da Juventude dos Açores
Sao Pedro Alcantara
Buildings and structures in São Roque do Pico
Medicon Village is a life science research park in Lund, Sweden. It is located on the eastern outskirts of Lund University.
Medicon Village is involved in the Medicon Valley cross-border cooperation with Denmark. The park was created as a transformation of former Astra Zeneca buildings in 2010 and are now employing more than 1,200 people in over 100 organisations here. The total area available for letting within Medicon Village amounts to around 80,000 m2, of which laboratories account for about 40,000 m2.
Sources
Medicon Village
External links
Buildings and structures in Lund
Science parks in Sweden
Silk-FAW automotive, founded in 2021, is a joint venture between Chinese auto manufacturer FAW group and United States based Silk EV. Based in Modena, Italy, Silk-FAW automotive plans to invest up to US$1.2 billion to design, develop and build high performance electric cars with production planned in Italy as well as China.
In 2021 Silk-FAW started production on its first car, the Hongqi S9. Designed by Walter de Silva, the S9 features a hybrid powertrain with a 4-liter twin-turbocharged V8, which produces over 1,300 Horsepower and a top speed of close to 250 MPH. Silk-FAW plans to manufacture a line of 'S' cars, the S3, 35, and S7 respectively.
References
External links
Italian companies established in 2021
Automotive companies established in 2021
Car manufacturers of Italy
Italian brands
Luxury motor vehicle manufacturers
Sports car manufacturers
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 2021
Car brands
Celia María Damestoi (27 September 1928 – 4 August 2013), better known as Lilian Valmar, was an Argentine actress and vedette.
Biography
Lilian Valmar was born in Argentina, coming of age during the country's golden period of cinema which spanned from 1947 to 1956. She began her career in 1947 in the film Albéniz by Luis César Amadori. A year later, she began to work with the greats of the comedy genre, partnering with revue director Manuel Romero on the film The Tango Returns to Paris, Niní Marshall on (1948) and Catita es una dama (1956), Pepe Iglesias on Avivato (1949), and on Ritmo, amor y picardía (1955) and (1956).
She then began the second phase of her career within the New Wave movement (1960–1966) with director Enrique Carreras, who directed her in a trilogy of films. She began with the genre in (1960), horror stories starring Narciso Ibáñez Menta, which was then followed by the New Wave film Un viaje al más allá (1964), and the last was the comedy-drama Arm in Arm Down the Street (1966). In television she entered the golden age of telenovelas (1971–1985), appearing in her first in 1971 with 's . She then appeared in Me llaman gorrión (1972) by Abel Santa Cruz and (1985) by Marta Reguera, both on Channel 9.
As a radio actress, she was an exclusive figure of . In theater she showed her talent as a vedette, and later as a dramatic actress, forming a company with Enrique Serrano in 1956.
Lilian Valmar died of natural causes on 4 August 2013 at age 84. Her remains rest in the pantheon of La Chacarita cemetery.
Films
Albéniz (1947)
Song of Dolores (1947)
Vacaciones (1947)
The Tango Returns to Paris (1948)
El cantor del pueblo (1948)
(1948)
The Bohemian Soul (1949)
Avivato (1949)
Ritmo, amor y picardía (1955)
(1956)
Catita es una dama (1956)
(1960)
Un viaje al más allá (1964)
Arm in Arm Down the Street (1966)
TV series
(1971)
Me llaman gorrión, Channel 9 (1972)
(1973)
Festival de grandes comedias, with and (1974)
Entre el amor y el poder, Channel 9 (1984)
, Channel 9 (1985)
Theater
Mi marido hoy duerme en casa, at the (1954)
Boina blanca (1956)
El lustrador de manzanas, comedy in three acts premiered by the company of Luis Arata at the (1957)
Criaturas rebeldes, together with , Maruja Montes, , , , , , Oscar Valicelli, Beba Bidart, Thelma del Río, and (1960)
Blum, play by Enrique Santos Discépolo and Julio Porter, together with Zulma Faiad, Juan Verdaguer, and Silvia Legrand (1963)
Departamento de soltero, directed by at the Teatro Florida (1963)
Los cocodrilos (1966)
Payasín y Bonín (1966)
El caso del señor Valdemar, together with
References
External links
1928 births
2013 deaths
20th-century Argentine actresses
Actresses from Buenos Aires
Argentine film actresses
Argentine radio actresses
Argentine stage actresses
Argentine telenovela actresses
Argentine vedettes
The Society of Book and Snake (incorporated as the Stone Trust Corporation) is the fourth oldest secret society at Yale University and was the first society to induct women into its delegation. Book and Snake was founded at the Sheffield Scientific School in 1863 as a three-year society bearing the Greek letters Sigma Delta Chi. As other "Sheff" societies, it was once residential and maintained a separate residential "cloister" at 1 Hillhouse Ave, which was built in 1888 and deeded to Yale after the institution of the residential college system. Members who lived in the society residence, or "Cloister," become the Cloister Club. Today, the building is the Yale University Provost's Office. A plaque honoring the society can be found on the first floor of the building. The Book and Snake emblem is a book surrounded by the ouroboros.
Like other landed Yale societies, Book and Snake owns its own meeting hall, or "tomb" at the corner of Grove St. and High St. As is tradition with the meeting places of Yale secret societies, the building is windowless and is usually available only to the current members and alumni. The society hosts invite-only parties for other members of the senior class to attend.
Architects of the Book & Snake Buildings
The Book and Snake Tomb stands at the corner of Grove St. and High St. in New Haven, CT, adjacent to the Yale Law School and the Beinecke Plaza. It was designed by Louis R. Metcalfe (1901), in Greek Ionic style. The front door is modeled after the Erechtheion Temple on the Acropolis in Athens. Passersby will notice wrought-iron snakes, or "caduceuses" adorning the iron fence surrounding the property. The white marble temple, startling in its Classical Greek verisimilitude, is deliberately situated with its back to the Yale campus; instead its orientation facing directly across the street to the massive Egyptian-revival gates of the Grove Street Cemetery, makes for an impressive display of ancient, mortuary-themed solemnity. The building stands approximately long, wide and about feet high, including two stories and gable, the whole of Vermont marble, cut smooth. Four Ionic pillars, also of marble, shield the bronze doors. (Citation at ).
The former meeting place of Book and Snake was a residential hall of the Sheffield Scientific School known as the "Cloister". H. Edwards Ficken designed the building (1888). Today, the "Cloister" serves as the Yale University Provost's Office at 1 Hillhouse Ave. Citation and picture at and at .)
Notable members
Bill Nelson, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Administrator (nominated by President Biden), former United States Senator from Florida
Bob Woodward, journalist, The Washington Post
Henry Louis "Skip" Gates Jr, literary critic, Harvard professor
Porter J. Goss, former Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, U.S. Congressman
John Campbell Greenway, General, U.S. Army, Mining Executive, husband of Isabella Greenway
Les Aspin, former Secretary of Defense
Nicholas F. Brady, former Secretary of the Treasury
John Vernou Bouvier III, Father of former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis
Charles Rivkin, former U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs
Reed Hundt, former Chief Commissioner, Federal Communications Commission
Sheila Ford Hamp, owner of the Detroit Lions
William T. Bull, college football coach and physician
See also
Collegiate secret societies in North America
Skull and Bones Society
Scroll and Key Society
Wolf's Head Society
Manuscript Society
Berzelius Society
Aurelian Honor Society
Brothers in Unity
Myth and Sword
External links
Information on Book and Snake provided Kris Millegan
Behind the walls of Yale's secret societies
An Irrepressible Urge to Join
Guide to the Stone Trust Corporation, Yale University, Records RU 856
YALE'S EXTRACURRICULAR & SOCIAL ORGANIZATIONS 1780 - 1960
References
1863 establishments in Connecticut
Secret societies at Yale
Student organizations established in 1863
Georgetown is a census-designated place in McDonough County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 404 as of the 2010 census.
References
Census-designated places in McDonough County, Illinois
Census-designated places in Illinois
The Joseph Marien Stadium (, ) is a multi-use stadium located within Duden Park in the municipality of Forest in Brussels, Belgium. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Royale Union Saint-Gilloise. The stadium holds 9,400 since 2018 and was opened in 1919. Its entrance is at one end of the Rue du Stade/Stadionstraat.
History
Early construction
In 1909, Royale Union Saint-Gilloise was offered a site in Duden Park in Forest, Brussels. Construction started in 1915, during World War I, and ended in 1919. On 14 September 1919, the stadium opened with a friendly game between Royale Union Saint-Gilloise and A.C. Milan.
1920 Summer Olympics
The stadium hosted some of the football events for the 1920 Summer Olympics.
1926 renovation
In 1926, the stadium was renovated after a design by architect Albert Callewaert. On this occasion, it was given an Art Deco facade that holds bas-reliefs by Oscar De Clercq.
References
Notes
External links
Sports-reference.com 1920 Summer Olympics football.
Stadiumguide.com profile
Sports venues completed in 1919
Venues of the 1920 Summer Olympics
Olympic football venues
Multi-purpose stadiums in Belgium
Football venues in Brussels
Forest, Belgium
Royale Union Saint-Gilloise
Johann Rudolph Ahle (24 December 1625 – 9 July 1673) was a German composer, organist, theorist, and Protestant church musician.
Biography
Ahle was born in Mühlhausen, Thuringia. While not much is known of his early musical training, he attended the grammar school in Göttingen and then studied theology at the University of Erfurt from 1645 to 1649. In 1646 he became cantor at the in Erfurt. In 1648 he published the Compendium per tenellis, a theoretical treatise on choral singing which was reprinted several times during his lifetime and for a last time 50 years later by his son Johann Georg (the last edition appeared in 1704).
In 1654 Ahle assumed the post of organist at the Divi Blasii in Mühlhausen. The next year he married Anna Maria Wölfer; their son, Johann Georg Ahle (1651–1706), was also a well-known composer and organist. Ahle was elected a town councillor in Mühlhausen in the 1650s, and was elected mayor shortly before his death in 1673. His immediate successor at the church was his son Johann Georg, and then briefly Johann Sebastian Bach, who worked in Mühlhausen in 1707/08.
Much of Ahle's compositional output consists of sacred choral and vocal works, instrumental music, and organ music. He is best known for motets and sacred concertos (most of them in German, some in Latin) contained in the collection Neu-gepflanzte Thüringische Lust-Garten, in welchem ... Neue Geistliche Musicalische Gewaechse mit 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 und mehr Stimmen auf unterschiedliche Arten mit und ohne Instrument ... versetzet (1657–65). He is also known for hymn melodies, of which three remain in the common German Protestant hymnal Evangelisches Gesangbuch, including "Liebster Jesu, wir sind hier" and "Morgenglanz der Ewigkeit". The melody of the latter was used by Friedrich Dörr for the Advent song "Kündet allen in der Not".
Notes
References
Cited sources
Uwe Wolf – Programme notes to BIS-CD-821, 1996
Markus Rathey, Johann Rudolph Ahle. 1625–1673. Lebensweg und Schaffen, Eisenach: Wagner, 1999
Johann Rudolf Ahle (Composer) Bach Cantatas Website
External links
German classical composers
German Baroque composers
German classical organists
German male organists
1625 births
1673 deaths
17th-century classical composers
German male classical composers
17th-century male musicians
Male classical organists
The 1944 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1944 college football season. The Maroons returned to action after not playing in 1943 due to World War II. Halfback Shorty McWilliams was named the SEC Player of the Year by the Nashville Banner.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Zachary Norvell Jr. (born December 9, 1997) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Santa Cruz Warriors of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the Gonzaga Bulldogs.
Early life
Norvell is the son of Tonja Hall and Zachary Norvell, who played basketball in college at Northeastern Illinois (until the program was disbanded in 1998) and New Mexico State and coaches at DuSable High School. Growing up, the younger Norvell was an accomplished baseball player but decided to quit to focus on basketball. At Simeon Career Academy, Norvell played limited minutes as a freshman behind Jaylon Tate and Kendrick Nunn. As a junior, Norvell averaged nearly 13 points, four rebounds and three assists per game and was a Chicago Tribune All-State special mention selection in 2015. He played some time at point guard due to injury problems. He scored 53 points in an AAU game for Mac Irvin Fire in Las Vegas in July 2015, increasing his recruiting stock. Norvell ended up committing to Gonzaga, choosing the Bulldogs over offers from Florida State, Georgetown and Iowa State. Norvell was No. 76 in ESPN's Top 100 rankings and was nominated for the McDonald's All-American game.
College career
Norvell underwent leg surgery before arriving at Gonzaga for his freshman season. Norvell redshirted during his first season at Gonzaga, partially so he could recover from his leg injury. Despite his redshirt, he was allowed to play an exhibition game against West Georgia, where he was able to score 18 points.
Coming into his redshirt freshman season, Norvell was named to the Julius Erving Award watch list. During his redshirt freshman season, Norvell was able to become a breakout star of the NCAA tournament, leading his team by scoring 21.5 points per game during the first 2 games of the tournament. He was also able to make a game tying three-pointer against UNC Greensboro and recorded his first career double-double against Ohio State with 28 points and 12 rebounds. On the season, Norvell averaged 12.7 points, 3.9 rebounds, and 2.4 assists per game. He was named West Coast Conference Newcomer of the Year.
Coming into his sophomore season, Norvell was named to the Preseason All-WCC Team. He was named to the preseason John R. Wooden Award and Jerry West Award watchlists. At Gonzaga, he was known by the nickname "Snacks". He posted a career-high 28 points against Creighton on December 1, 2018. He was named to the 2018–19 All-West Coast Conference first team along with teammates Rui Hachimura, Brandon Clarke and Josh Perkins. Following the season, he declared for the 2019 NBA draft. He was invited to the NBA Draft Combine. On May 9, he announced his intention to remain in the draft.
Professional career
Los Angeles Lakers (2019)
Norvell went undrafted during the 2019 NBA draft. On July 1, 2019, Norvell signed with the Los Angeles Lakers to a two-way contract. On October 25, 2019, Norvell made his debut in NBA, coming off from bench in a 95–86 win over the Utah Jazz with a rebound. Norvell was waived on December 11, 2019.
South Bay Lakers (2019–2020)
On December 17, 2019, Norvell was acquired by the South Bay Lakers. Norvell averaged 15.2 points, 4.5 rebounds and 3.0 assists in his 29 appearances (17 starts).
Golden State Warriors (2020)
On February 8, 2020, Norvell signed a 10-day contract with the Golden State Warriors. Although he had appeared in a pair of games for the Lakers, Norvell scored his first points on February 8, when he posted seven points, four rebounds, two assists and two steals in a 17-minute plus 10 debuts for the Warriors against the Los Angeles Lakers.
Santa Cruz Warriors (2020–2021)
On February 21, 2020, the Santa Cruz Warriors announced that they had acquired Norvell from the South Bay Lakers for the returning right to Juan Toscano-Anderson and a 2021 1st-round draft pick in the 2021 NBA G League Draft. In his debut for Santa Cruz, Norvell scored a career-high 34 points shooting 7-of-12 from behind the arc while also contributing five rebounds and four assists in a 128-122 loss to the South Bay Lakers.
On November 26, 2020, Norvell signed a one-year contract with the Chicago Bulls. He was waived at the conclusion of training camp.
On January 12, 2021, Norvell was included in roster of Santa Cruz Warriors which would participate the 2020–21 season in the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex of Walt Disney World Resort located near Orlando. He was released on February 17, 2021 after suffering a season-ending injury.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Lakers
| 2 || 0 || 2.5 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .5 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 0.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Golden State
| 3 || 0 || 12.0 || .273 || .375 || 1.000 || 1.7 || 1.0 || .7 || .0 || 3.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 5 || 0 || 8.2 || .250 || .375 || 1.000 || 1.2 || .6 || .4 || .0 || 2.0
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Gonzaga
| 37 || 29 || 27.0 || .456 || .370 || .800 || 3.9 || 2.3 || 1.1 || .1 || 12.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Gonzaga
| 37 || 36 || 30.7 || .435 || .372 || .867 || 4.3 || 3.1 || 1.3 || .1 || 14.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 74 || 65 || 28.8 || .445 || .371 || .836 || 4.1 || 2.7 || 1.2 || .1 || 13.8
References
External links
Gonzaga Bulldogs bio
1997 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Chicago
Golden State Warriors players
Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball players
Los Angeles Lakers players
Santa Cruz Warriors players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
South Bay Lakers players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 2008.
Events
2 February - Kreisiraadio are selected to represent Estonia at the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest with their song "Leto svet". They are selected to be the fourteenth Estonian Eurovision entry during Eurolaul held at the ETV Studios in Tallinn.
8 June - Jana Kask wins the second season of Eesti otsib superstaari.
Debuts
Television shows
1990s
Õnne 13 (1993–present)
2000s
Eesti otsib superstaari (2007–present)
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
Georges Mouly (21 February 1931 – 7 December 2019) was a French politician and professor and a member of the European Democratic and Social Rally group.
After serving as a professor, Mouly was elected as a Senator for Corrèze in 1980, 1989, and 1998. He did not stand for re-election in 2008, and retired from his political career.
Mouly was the author of several books, including Les années d'insouciance and Profession, débutant....
References
1931 births
2019 deaths
20th-century French politicians
Mayors of places in Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Radical Party (France) politicians
The Association Montessori International/USA (AMI/USA) is a national non-profit organization that strives to propagate and further the teachings and work of Dr. Maria Montessori in the United States. As an affiliate of the Association Montessori Internationale, the Association Montessori International/USA oversees recognition of eligible Montessori schools, supports AMI Montessori teacher training centers, and organizes professional development opportunities in the United States. The organization also maintains a member database of about 17,000 teachers, school administrators, parents, and interested individuals.
History
The Association Montessori Internationale is the oldest Montessori organization in the world. Maria Montessori established AMI in 1929, with the headquarters in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The international head office of AMI is still located in Amsterdam. The organization was founded to maintain the integrity of her life's work and to ensure that it would be perpetuated after her death: "The AMI was to function not only as organizer of courses and overseer of teacher training, not only as a way of keeping the various worldwide Montessori schools and societies in touch with each other and disseminating information about the movement's ideas and activities, but also as a firm, controlling rights to the publication of Montessori's books and the manufacture and sale of the materials as well as recipient of training-course fees."
Mario Montessori, Maria's son and personal assistant, was given the task of safeguarding the Montessori movement after Maria Montessori's death. "At [Montessori's] death she appointed Mr. Montessori as her successor in the task of directing and coordinating the work of the Association Montessori Internationale... A responsibility laid upon Mr. Montessori's shoulders was the delicate task of safeguarding the integrity of the Montessori movement, in the many countries where it is active, by recognizing under the aegis of the Association Montessori Internationale only such "Montessori" schools and training courses as faithfully interpret, both in spirit and practice, the Montessori principles."
Mario Montessori sent Margaret Elizabeth Stephenson to the United States in 1961. A trainee of Maria Montessori herself Stephenson first operated as Mario Montesori's personal representative in the United States. As the movement grew, Montessori granted her request to set up a branch office of AMI in the United States. AMI/USA was founded in 1972 and directed for its first ten years by Karin Salzmann. In 1988, Virginia McHugh succeeded Jon Osterkorn as Executive Director of AMI/USA.
Today there are over 200 AMI schools across the United States. The AMI recognition program was initiated in the United States to assist families in assessing whether schools are following Dr. Montessori's principles and practices in their original integrity and completeness. The AMI standards maintain the level of excellence that Montessori envisioned and were developed by the AMI Scientific Pedagogy Group for this purpose. These standards ensure that children are provided the opportunity for full intellectual, social, and psychological growth and that the approach is consistent with what is presented in AMI training courses worldwide. It is upon these standards that AMI recognition status is granted by level within the school, each year.
During the past twenty years the amount of scientific research confirming the Montessori method has increased: "Maria Montessori, through observation of children, developed materials that engage both the hands and the mind of the child. Science and research, especially in the past twenty years, have come to prove that Montessori's observations accurately describe the learning needs of children and have shown as well that the principles Dr. Montessori envisioned do create joyful learners."
Mission
The Association Montessori International of the United States (AMI/USA) is dedicated to bringing the principles of Dr. Maria Montessori to the education of children through its support and advancement of the AMI Montessori community in the United States. AMI/USA collaborates with affiliates such as the Elementary Alumni Association (EAA) and the North American Montessori Teachers' Association (NAMTA).
Programs
School Recognition Program
A certificate of recognition is granted to a subset of Montessori schools who prove that they meet a set of specific Montessori standards as derived from Maria Montessori's original research and methodology. Programs must apply annually for one of the following levels: recognized, affiliated, or associated.
Professional Development
AMI/USA facilitates conferences each year. The annual refresher course and workshops cater to all AMI trained professionals, as well as classroom assistants, administrators, and, beginning in 2009, parents. Additionally, in fall and spring, AMI/USA sponsors a regional conference.
Membership
AMI/USA facilitates membership benefits to AMI members living in the United States. Membership to AMI through AMI/USA is offered on an individual basis; schools and institutions are not eligible for AMI membership. Membership benefits include a yearly subscription to AMI and AMI/USA publications, including the quarterly AMI/USA newsletter AMI/USA News and the bi-annual AMI scholarly journal Communications. Members also receive a preferred rate on AMI/USA publications, and receive a discount from AMI approved Montessori materials distributors.
Teacher Training Program
AMI/USA works in partnership with AMI Montessori training centers to help ensure the caliber of AMI teacher training is maintained in the United States. "The standards of Montessori practice were originally delineated by the Association Montessori International (AMI) in 1929. They represent an integrated body of materials, methodology, psychology, and philosophy that provides Montessori teachers with a common reference point."
We Are Montessori
AMI/USA also coordinates the "We Are Montessori" project, which has the objective of "celebrating Montessori alumni and bringing awareness to the benefits of Montessori education." The initiative collects information to showcase alumni they consider as successful, and the schools that fostered their education. To date, AMI/USA it is the only organization systematically collecting information on Montessori alumni in the United States.
See also
Montessori in the United States
References
AMI Teacher Training Centers in the United States
Hershey Montessori Institute at Lake Erie College
The Montessori Institute
The Montessori Institute Northwest
Montessori Institute of Atlanta
The Montessori Institute of Milwaukee
The Montessori Institute of Milwaukee- Kansas City (Satellite)
The Montessori Institute of North Texas
Montessori Institute of San Diego
Montessori Institute of San Diego- Miami (Satellite)
Montessori Teacher Training Center of Northern California
Montessori Training Center of Minnesota
Montessori Training Center of New England
Montessori Training Center of St. Louis
Washington Montessori Institute at Loyola University Maryland
Educational organizations based in the United States
United States
1972 establishments in the United States
This list of works by Rafael Viñoly categorizes the Uruguayan architect's work.
Completed
, City of Buenos Aires, 1983
Physical Education Facility, Lehman College, Bronx, New York, 1994
Tokyo International Forum, Tokyo, Japan, 1996
Bronx Housing Court, Bronx, New York, 1997
Princeton Stadium, Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey, 1998
Jongno Tower in Seoul, South Korea, 1999
Lamont–Doherty Earth Observatory, Columbia University, Palisades, New York, 2000
The Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 2001
Van Andel Institute, Grand Rapids, Michigan, 2002
Watson Institute for International Studies, Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, 2002
Westgate Building, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, Pennsylvania, 2003
David L. Lawrence Convention Center, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 2003
Carl Icahn Laboratory, Lewis Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics, Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey, 2004
University of Chicago Booth School of Business, Chicago, Illinois, 2004
Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, Boston, Massachusetts, 2004
National Institutes of Health, John Edward Porter Neurosciences Research Center, Bethesda, Maryland, 2004
Jazz at Lincoln Center, New York, New York, 2004
Nasher Museum of Art, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina, 2005
Mahler 4 Office Tower, Amsterdam, Netherlands, 2005
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Janelia Farm Research Campus, Ashburn, Virginia, 2006
Wageningen University and Research Centre, Atlas Building, Wageningen, Netherlands, 2006
Gabrielle H. Reem and Herbert J. Kayden Center for Science and Computation, Bard College, Annandale-on-Hudson, New York, 2007
Bronx County Hall of Justice, Bronx, New York, 2007
California NanoSystems Institute, University of California Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California, 2007
Curve, Leicester, England, 2008
Fortabat Museum, Puerto Madero, Buenos Aires, 2008
Brooklyn Children's Museum, Brooklyn, N.Y., 2008 (expansion)
Edificio Acqua, Punta del Este, Uruguay, 2008
Helen Diller Family Cancer Research Building, University of California, San Francisco, San Francisco, California, 2008
Perelman Center for Advanced Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 2008
New Terminal at Carrasco International Airport, Montevideo, Uruguay, 2009
West Quad Building, Brooklyn College, Brooklyn, N.Y.,2009
City College of New York Spitzer School of Architecture, Urban Design, and Landscape Architecture, New York City, 2009
Vdara Hotel & Spa at CityCenter, Paradise, Nevada, 2009
Institute for Regeneration Medicine Building, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, California, 2010
The Gateway, Al Raha Beach Development, Abu Dhabi, UAE, 2010
South Texas Research Facility, University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, San Antonio, Texas, 2010
Firstsite:newsite Colchester Visual Arts Facility, Colchester, England, 25 September 2011
University of Arizona Science Center, Tucson, Arizona, 2011
Claremont McKenna College, Kravis Center, Claremont, California, 2011
University of Chicago Medicine Center for Care and Discovery, Chicago, Illinois, 2012
Mina Zayed Waterfront Development, Abu Dhabi, UAE, 2012
University of Oxford Master Plan and Mathematics Institute, Oxford, England, 2013
121st Police Precinct Stationhouse, Staten Island, New York 2013
Cleveland Museum of Art, Cleveland, Ohio, 2013 (expansion)
Novartis Building 3, East Hanover, New Jersey, 2013
20 Fenchurch Street, London, England, 2014
432 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 2015
Battersea Power Station Master Plan, London, England, 2020
In progress
Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate, Boston, Massachusetts, 2014
Henry A. Jordan Medical Education Center, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 2014
University of South Carolina, Darla Moore School of Business, Columbia, South Carolina, 2014
125 Greenwich Street, New York, 2015-2019
The New Stanford Hospital, Stanford, California, 2015
1401 Spruce Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 2015
Manchester City Football Club, Etihad Campus, 2012-2016
281 Fifth Avenue, a skyscraper in New York City
NEMA Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, 2019
References
Vinoly, Rafael
The Governor of Stirling Castle was the military officer who commanded Stirling Castle, in Scotland. Control of the castle frequently passed between the Scots and the English during the Wars of Scottish Independence. The castle's military character was maintained for several centuries, the last siege occurring in 1746 during the Jacobite risings. It continued to be used as a military barracks until 1964.
Governors of Stirling Castle
1715–1716: Sir James Campbell, 2nd Baronet
1716–1722: John Hamilton-Leslie, 9th Earl of Rothes
1722–1741: John Leslie, 10th Earl of Rothes
1741–1763: John Campbell, 4th Earl of Loudoun
1763: Isaac Barré
1763–1788: Sir James Campbell, 3rd Baronet
1788–1789: Hon. Alexander Mackay
1789–1806: James Grant
1806–1832: John Hely-Hutchinson, 2nd Earl of Donoughmore
1832–1846?: Sir Martin Hunter
Deputy Governors of Stirling Castle
1717–1729: Colonel John Blackadder (1664-1729);
bef. 1739–1781: James Abercrombie
1781–1796: Thomas Musgrave
1796–1800: William Goodday Strutt
1800–1831: Samuel Graham
1831–1847: Colonel Archibald Christie
References
History of Stirling (council area)
Stirling
Kawice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Prochowice, east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 500.
References
Kawice
Ahmed Elmeleigy Yousef is a food engineer, scientist and author, currently the Virginia Hutchison Bazler and Frank E. Bazler Designated Professorship in Food Science at Ohio State University, and is also a published author.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American food engineers
American food writers
Ohio State University faculty
Abu Jafar Muhammad ibn Husayn Khazin (; 900–971), also called Al-Khazin, was an Iranian Muslim astronomer and mathematician from Khorasan. He worked on both astronomy and number theory.
Al-Khazin was one of the scientists brought to the court in Ray, Iran by the ruler of the Buyid dynasty, Adhad ad-Dowleh, who ruled from 949 to 983 AD. In 959/960 Khazin was required by the Vizier of Ray, who was appointed by ad-Dowleh, to measure the obliquity of the ecliptic.
One of Al-Khazin's works Zij al-Safa'ih ("Tables of the disks of the astrolabe") was described by his successors as the best work in the field and they make many references to it. The work describes some astronomical instruments, in particular an astrolabe fitted with plates inscribed with tables and a commentary on the use of these. A copy of this instrument was made, but it vanished in Germany at the time of World War II. A photograph of this copy was taken and examined by D.A. King in 1980.
Al-Khazin also wrote a commentary on Ptolemy's Almagest in which he gives nineteen propositions relating to statements by Ptolemy. He proposed a different solar model from Ptolemy's.
References
Sources
Reviews: Seyyed Hossein Nasr (1998) in Isis 89 (1) pp. 112-113; Charles Burnett (1998) in Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London 61 (2) p. 406.
External links
(PDF version)
900 births
971 deaths
10th-century Iranian mathematicians
10th-century Muslims
10th-century Iranian astronomers
Scholars under the Buyid dynasty
Pterostylis major is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to New South Wales where it grows on the Northern Tablelands. As with similar greenhoods, the flowering plants differ from those which are not flowering. The non-flowering plants have a rosette of leaves on a short stalk but the flowering plants lack a rosette and have up to eleven well-spaced, bright green flowers with darker stripes, on a flowering stem with stem leaves.
Description
Pterostylis major is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber. Non-flowering plants have a rosette of between three and six leaves, each leaf long and wide on a stalk high. Flowering plants lack a rosette but have up to eleven flowers on a flowering spike high with between five and seven linear to lance-shaped stem leaves which are long and wide. The flowers are well-spaced, long, wide and translucent bright green with darker green stripes. The dorsal sepal and petals are joined to form a hood called the "galea" over the column. The dorsal sepal is long and shallowly curved. The petals are oblong, long, about wide and are also shallowly curved. The lateral sepals are fused to form a single structure long and wide with a central notch deep. The labellum is egg-shaped to oblong, long, wide, pale to yellowish green with a brown to blackish line along the middle. Flowering occurs from April to September.
Taxonomy and naming
This species was first formally described in 2006 by David Jones and given the name Bunochilus major (although initially the orthographical variant Bunochilus majus). The description was published in the journal Australian Orchid Research from a specimen collected along the Point Lookout Road from the Waterfall Way. In 2010, Gary Backhouse changed the name to Pterostylis major. The specific epithet (major) is a Latin word meaning "large" or "great", referring to the larger size of this species compared to the similar Pterostylis longifolia.
Distribution and habitat
Pterostylis major grows with grasses and shrubs in tall forest on the New England Tableland and south to the Barrington Tops.
References
major
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Plants described in 2006
Banphikot () is a rural municipality located in Western Rukum District of Karnali Province of Nepal.
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Western Rukum District
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Ga-Ramokadikadi (also known as Vlakfontein) is an affluent, large village in Ga-Matlala in the Polokwane Local Municipality of the Capricorn District Municipality of the Limpopo province of South Africa. It lies about 2 km south of Tibane and 54 km northwest of Polokwane on the Matlala Road.
Demographics
The dominant language of the settlement is Northern Sotho, with Xitsonga as the main minority language. People of African descent are the main ethnic group, with the rest of the population consisting of Coloureds and Asians. Most of the villagers are Christians and a small minority of Muslims exists.
Infrastructure
The settlement lies directly east of Matlala Road which connects Tibane and Polokwane. Most of the residents of the village are professionals and are economically far better off than other typical South African villagers. Matlala SAPS station, the only police station in the Ga-Matlala, is located in the village.
Education
Ikagaleng Makobe Primary School
Motliši Secondary School
References
Populated places in the Polokwane Local Municipality
The Community of European Railway and Infrastructure Companies (CER) brings together 75 railway undertakings and infrastructure companies from the European Union, the candidate countries (North Macedonia and Turkey) as well as from the Western Balkan countries, Norway, and Switzerland.
The CER is also a member of the Group of Representative Bodies.
Purpose
It is based in Brussels and represents its members' interests vis-à-vis the European Parliament, European Commission and European Council of Ministers as well as other policymakers and transport actors.
The CER's main focus is promoting the development of rail as essential to the creation of a sustainable transport system which is both efficient and environmentally sound. A key priority in this respect for the CER is the achievement of a more balanced modal split in the transport system, minimising external costs arising to society and improving economic efficiency. In parallel to the railways' own initiatives for improving the quality of rail services, the CER sees ensuring sufficient investment in infrastructure rail projects as a prerequisite for achieving the desire modal split.
Areas of Interest
All policy areas of significance to railway transport are dealt with by the CER, which offers advice and recommendations to European policymakers. The CER monitors and contributes to railway policy making. Its interests span the whole spectrum of European transport policy: infrastructure planning, passenger and freight services, public service, the environment, research and development and social dialogue.
Members
See also
The European Railway Award
References
External links
Official CER website
Railway associations
International rail transport
Rail transport in Europe
The General's Prosecutor Office of the Republic of Azerbaijan () is an independent constitutional agency responsible for managing the criminal investigation and public prosecution in the Republic of Azerbaijan.
Overview
The powers of the Prosecutor's Office of the Republic of Azerbaijan are defined in the Constitution 1995, Criminal Procedure Code 2000 and other laws. According to Article 133 of the Constitution 1995, the Prosecutor's Office:
exercises control over the execution and application of laws;
institutes criminal cases and conducts investigations (limited range of offences);
has exclusive power to prosecute on behalf of the state in all criminal courts;
institutes lawsuits (in a limited range) and appeals against court judgements.
Unlike many other jurisdictions, the Prosecutor's Office of Azerbaijan belongs to the Judicial Branch of Power. The Prosecutor's Office operates as a single centralised body based on the subordination of territorial and specialised prosecutors to the Prosecutor General (PG) of the Republic of Azerbaijan. The PG is appointed and dismissed by the President of the Republic of
Azerbaijan, with the consent of the Milli Majlis (Parliament) of the Republic of Azerbaijan. Apart from the prosecutors and supporting staff, there are also criminal investigators and detectives within the Prosecutor's Office of Azerbaijan. Criminal investigators of the Prosecutor's Office have exclusive jurisdiction over a limited range of serious offences, including crimes against the person, corruption, money laundering, etc. The Anticorruption Directorate (anti-corruption agency) is the only entity of the Prosecutor's Office that employs detectives.
In addition to its main functions predominantly in the criminal law area, the Prosecutor's Office is entitled to submit drafts of the legislative proposals directly to the Parliament, a function by enjoyed by few agencies. Prosecutors are empowered to initiate administrative (quasi-criminal) and disciplinary proceedings and submit motions for the elimination of conditions and circumstances conducive to criminal offences, which they discover in the course of their activity. These motions are mandatory for consideration by state and private institutions. Finally, prosecutors have limited authority to represent the state institutions and vulnerable citizens in civil court proceedings.
Former President Heydar Aliyev established 1 October as a professional holiday of the Office in July 1998.
History
The history of the prosecuting authorities in the independent Azerbaijan state began after the establishment of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. Regulation on the Chamber of the Court of Azerbaijan was approved by the Council of Ministers on November 18, 1918.
Fatali Khan KHOYSKI, Khalil Bay KHASMAMMADOV, A.Safikurdski, T.Makinski were Ministers of Justice and chief prosecutors as well of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. Azerbaijan Democratic Republic was collapsed on April 28, 1920, at the invasion of 11th Army (RSFSR). Declaration of the Azerbaijani Soviet Socialist Republic ensued. The prosecution and investigation bodies were also abolished along with the public authorities after the collapse of Independent Azerbaijan Statehood.
Taking into account the need of establishment of a special body to control activities of all authorities in this period, the Soviet Prosecutor's Office was founded in Azerbaijan SSR with the decree of the Central Executive Committee of Azerbaijan ‘On the Public Prosecutor's Office of Azerbaijani SSR' dated July 11, 1922.
After the restoration of independence in 1991, the Prosecutor's Office of Azerbaijan was established according to the Constitutional Provision, Prosecutor's Office Act 1999 and the Prosecutor's Office (Service) Act 2001. In order to part with the legacy and turn into a democratic institution, it has undergone substantial reforms.
System of the Prosecutor's Office of the Republic of Azerbaijan
General Prosecutor's Office of the Republic of Azerbaijan (Main Body)
Anti-Corruption Directorate with the Prosecutor General
Military Prosecutor's Office of the Republic of Azerbaijan
Prosecutor's Office of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic (NAR)
Military Prosecutor's Office of NAR
Metropolitan Prosecutor's Office of Baku city
District (city) prosecutor's offices of the republic
Territorial military prosecutor's offices
District (city) prosecutor's offices of (NAR)
District prosecutor's offices of Baku city
Structure of the Prosecutor's Office
Management
Prosecutor General of the Republic of Azerbaijan - (Kamran Aliyev since May 1, 2020)
First Deputy Prosecutor General of the Republic of Azerbaijan
Deputy Prosecutor General of the Republic of Azerbaijan
Deputy Prosecutor General - ex officio Head of the Anti-Corruption Directorate
Deputy Prosecutor General - ex officio Military Prosecutor of the Republic of Azerbaijan
Senior assistants and assistants to the Prosecutor General
Departments
General Prosecutor's Office:
4 Departments overseeing the implementation of laws in the course of (pre-trial) criminal inquiry and investigation, as well as operational-search activities (special investigation means) by the following institutions:
Prosecutor's Office (regional bodies) - except for SIM
Internal Affairs Bodies (Mainly police)
Ministries of Justice and Taxes, and the State Customs Committee
National Security and Emergency Situations, the State Border Service
Department for Public Prosecution (Court Unit)
Department for the Consideration of Applications
Organizational and Analytical Department
HR Department
Department of International Relations
Department of Legal Support and Information
Science and Education Center (Department)
Department of Logistics
Anti-Corruption Directorate with the Prosecutor General
Anti-Corruption Directorate with the Prosecutor General of the Azerbaijan Republic was established by the Order № 114 of the President of the Azerbaijan Republic dated March 3, 2004. Anti-Corruption Directorate with the Prosecutor General is a specialised law enforcement anti-corruption agency. It is an autonomous Prosecution Service operating in the field of Special Investigation Techniques and criminal pre-trial investigation. According to the Operational Search Act 1999, it is the body with an exclusive power to carry out SIMs in the fight against corruption. The ACD structure is as follows,
ACD Investigation Department
ACD Analysis and Information Department
ACD Preventive Measures and Inquiry Department
ACD Operational Department (SIM)
ACD Operational Support Division (SIM Tech Support)
ACD Internal Security Division
ACD Specialist Division
References
1918 in Azerbaijan
Government of Azerbaijan
Politics of Azerbaijan
Law of Azerbaijan
Johann Georg Rauch may refer to:
Johann Georg Rauch (composer) (1658–1710), German composer and organist at Strasbourg Cathedral
Johann Georg Rauch (politician) ((1789 – 1851), Swiss politician and playing card manufacturer
The Stronger is an opera in one act by composer Hugo Weisgall. The English language libretto by Richard Henry Hart is based on August Strindberg's 1889 play of the same name. It premiered at the White Barn Theatre in Westport, Connecticut on August 9, 1952 and was dedicated to that theatre's founder, the actress Lucille Lortel.
About the opera
The Stronger is an approximately 25 minute staged duodrama that is in many respects a monologue with one singing role, Estelle (coloratura soprano), and one silent role, Lisa. The opera takes place at a bar on Christmas Eve. The two women meet at the establishment and Estelle talks to her friend Lisa about her family. In the course of the conversation Estelle informs Lisa that she knows that Lisa is in love with her husband Harold. As Estelle leaves the bar she comes to the conclusion that she, Estelle, is the stronger of the two women. But is she? Weisgall said of the opera: "From the first I regarded this piece as an experiment, a kind of operatic exercise. My primary task was to find ways to translate Strindberg's psychological monodrama, with its rapid, constantly changing moods and its almost total lack of sustained moments, into musical terms. The chief problem was that the music had to function alternately as background and foreground—at times pure atmosphere, then shifting between characterizing the protagonist, Estelle, and picturing the physical movements of the wordless Lisa. Also I sought somehow to balance the two roles more equally. Rather than conform to the traditional theatrical interpretation in which “the star” plays the silent role and comes out on top, I tried to leave open the question as to which of the two women is really “the stronger."
Performance history and recordings
The Stronger was first performed at the White Barn Theatre in Westport, Connecticut for four performances in August 1952 by the Hilltop Opera Company of Baltimore, Maryland. The production used piano accompaniment and soprano Eva Bober portrayed Estelle for three of the four performances. Weisgall had composed the work specifically for the group during the spring and summer prior to its premiere.
The first performance of the work with an orchestra (scaled for only 8 musicians) was given at the Composers Forum at Columbia University in New York City, New York in January 1955 with soprano Adelaide Bishop and the Columbia Chamber Orchestra under the baton of Siegfried Landau. That 1955 performance was recorded and another recording of the opera was made with soprano Johanna Meier and the Aeolian Chamber Players on the New World Records label in 1972. Bishop also sang the role for the opera's New York City premiere in 1950 and directed the opera for a 1995 production starring soprano Darynn Zimmer at the White Barn Theatre. Soprano Joyce Mathis performed the work at the 92nd Street Y in 1969 in a concert organized by the League of Composers. The Baltimore Opera Company staged the work in 1985 in a triple bill titled "American Portraits" that also included Thomas Pasatieri's La Divina (1952) and the world premiere of Lee Hoiby's Italian Lesson.
Initially Weisgall had intended for The Stronger to be a work that could be performed as a pair with his opera The Tenor (1952). However, years later he determined that it would fit better as part of a trilogy with two other operas he composed: Purgatory (1958) and Will You Marry Me? (1989). The Stronger and Weisgall's The Golden Peacock were performed at the occasion of the latter work's premiere by the Opera Ensemble of New York with Cecelia Wasson as Estelle.
References
1952 operas
Operas based on works by August Strindberg
English-language operas
Operas by Hugo Weisgall
Operas
One-act operas
Operas based on plays
Unión Club Cartes is a Spanish football team located in Cartes, in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1921 it currently plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 3, holding home matches at Campo de Fútbol El Ansar with a capacity of 1,000 spectators.
History
UC Cartes was founded in 1921.
Club background
Unión Club Cartes – (1921–1956)
Soldevilla Unión Club Cartes – (1956–1970)
Unión Club Cartes – (1970–present)
Season to season
2 seasons in Tercera División
1 season in Tercera División RFEF
References
Football clubs in Cantabria
Association football clubs established in 1921
1921 establishments in Spain
Sport leagues established in 1921
Francis P. Keilman House is a historic home located at St. John, Lake County, Indiana. It was built about 1857, and is a two-story, side hall plan balloon frame dwelling with Italianate style design elements. It has a front gable roof and a rear addition built about 1900. Also on the property are the contributing wood frame stable (c. 1890) with a garage addition (c. 1940) and a wood frame rabbit hutch (c. 1940).
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Italianate architecture in Indiana
Houses completed in 1857
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
1857 establishments in Indiana
The South Australian Railways K class (narrow gauge) comprised a single locomotive. The design, by South Australian Railways Locomotive Engineer William Thow, was very similar to that of the broad-gauge K class, but it was smaller and lighter. It was allocated number 52 within the sequence allocated to the larger locomotives.
The locomotive was built in 1883, five years after the first broad-gauge K class locomotive and a year before the last of the 18 such locomotives entered service. No. 52 was built by Dübs and Company of Glasgow, whereas Beyer, Peacock and Company, of Manchester, built all the broad-gauge class.
The broad-gauge design was moderately "shrunk" to meet the smaller loading gauge of lines and the lower load-bearing capacity of track compared with the broad gauge. Some key specifications are compared in the table below.
A major design weakness of the broad-gauge K class was the lack of a leading bogie (pilot truck), which led to frequent derailments, especially on sharp curves and difficult gradients. A partial solution was to run the locomotives in reverse – i.e., with cab leading – so that the rear bogie led, providing guidance for the driving wheels. The extent to which the weakness affected no. 52 is not known, although the presence of a stopcock on both ends of the locomotive – to take water from a four-wheeled tank wagon on longer journeys – indicates that it was able to be operated both funnel-first and cab-first.
Little is known about the service life of the locomotive; it is believed to have spent most of its half-century existence at Peterborough as a shunting engine.
References
Narrow gauge steam locomotives
K
Dübs locomotives
0-6-4T locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1884
Do gole kože () is the eighth studio album by Serbian pop-folk singer Stoja. It was released 9 July 2008 under the record label Grand Production.
Track listing
References
2008 albums
Stoja albums
Grand Production albums
Zanfigué is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 226 square kilometers and includes 11 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 14,841. The village of Bobola Zangasso, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 55 km east-northeast of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Conchoderma is a genus of goose barnacles in the family Lepadidae.
Notes
References
Further reading
Southward, A.J. (2001). Cirripedia - non-parasitic Thoracica, in: Costello, M.J. et al. (Ed.) (2001). European register of marine species: a check-list of the marine species in Europe and a bibliography of guides to their identification. Collection Patrimoines Naturels, 50: pp. 280-283
Neave, Sheffield Airey. (1939). Nomenclator Zoologicus Online. [print version]., available online at http://ubio.org/NomenclatorZoologicus/
Hayward, P.J.; Ryland, J.S. (Ed.). (1990). The marine fauna of the British Isles and North-West Europe: 1. Introduction and protozoans to arthropods. Clarendon Press: Oxford, UK. . 627 pp.
Barnacles
Maxillopoda genera
Taxa named by Ignaz von Olfers
RAPS or Raps may refer to:
Rapping, spoken or chanted rhyming lyrics
Ram Air Progression System, a parachuting training method
Remote-area power supply, an off-the-grid electricity system
"Raps", a colloquial nickname for the Toronto Raptors
Reducing and alkalinity producing system used for wastewater treatment
Lawrence Frederick "Bob" Roberts (1 July 1903 – 8 March 1977) was a South African track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 he finished eighth in the 1924 high jump event.
References
External links
profile
1903 births
1977 deaths
South African male high jumpers
Olympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Akörü is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Vanhoffen Bluff () is a rocky bluff (225 m) immediately east of Jacka Glacier on the north coast of Heard Island. It is named for Ernst Vanhöffen (1858–1918), a German zoologist, and a member of the Gauss expedition under the leadership of Erich von Drygalski (1865–1949). During its 1902 investigations of the area, Drygalski applied the name Kap Vanhoffen to a cliffed feature about 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) to the northwest, near The Sentinel. The ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions), during its 1948 survey of the island, transferred the Vanhoffen name to this bluff, reporting that no well-marked cape exists along the high cliffs to the northwest.
Cliffs of Antarctica
Poecilasthena limnaea is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in New Guinea.
The wingspan is 23–26 mm. The fore- and hindwings are whitish, the former with olive-grey lines.
References
Moths described in 1926
Poecilasthena
Moths of New Guinea
Boparai pind() called just Boparai is a village in Phillaur tahsil of Jalandhar district of Punjab state of India.
Boparai comes under the goraya development block of Jalandhar.
Punjab, India
Jalandhar district
Tianluokeng tulou cluster () is one of the better known groups of Fujian tulou. It is located in the village of Tianluokeng () in the town of Fujian, Nanjing County, southern Fujian province.
The cluster consists of a square earth building at the center of a quincunx, surrounded by four round earth buildings (or more exactly, 3 round earth buildings and one oval shape earth building), figuratively nicknamed "" (.
A tulou (lit. "earth building") is a unique architecture found only in the mountainous areas bordering Fujian and Guangdong in southern China. The "Earth building" is an enclosed building, usually square or circular in shape, with a very thick earth wall (up to 6 feet thick) and wooden skeletons, from three to five stories high, housing up to 80 families. These earth buildings have only one entrance, guarded by wooden doors re-enforced with an outer shell of iron plate. The top level of these earth building have gun holes for defense against bandits. In spite of the earth wall, some of them are more than 700 years old, surviving through centuries of natural elements, including earthquakes, yet still standing solid. There are more than 35,000 earth buildings to be found in southern China, among them a little over 3,000 have been classified as Fujian Tulou
On July 7, 2008, at the UNESCO 32nd session held in Quebec City, Canada, the Tianluokeng Tulou cluster was inscribed as one of 46 Fujian Tulou World Heritage Sites.
The five earth buildings at the Snail Pit village are:
The square earth building named Buyun building(Reaching the Cloud building) at the center of the quincunx. It was the first earth building at this site, built in 1796. It is three stories high, each story has 26 rooms, four sets of stairs, and a circular corridor in front of the rooms. The Buyun building was burnt down by bandits in 1936, and rebuilt in 1953 according to the original shape.
The Hechang building, a three story high round earth building.
Zhenchang building, three stories, round shape, 26 rooms per story, built in 1930.
Ruiyun building, built in 1936.
The last Wenchang building of 1966, 3 stories, 32 rooms per story.
The cluster is located about four hours drive by bus or taxi from Xiamen, through winding and bumpy narrow mountain roads (Fujian Provincial Highway 309 (S309), or county roads).
References
Buildings and structures in Zhangzhou
Hakka culture in China
Hakka architecture
Willam Henry Moore (October 19, 1872 – August 16, 1960) was a Canadian lawyer, author and Member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Biography
William Henry Moore was born in Stouffville, Markham Township, Ontario, on Oct 19 1872 to Rev. James Beach Moore and Hannah Elizabeth Greenwood. Moore was a direct descendant of Samuel Moore, an official in the 1670s in the American colony of East Jersey. He was also the great-great-grandson of Samuel Moore, a United Empire Loyalist and member of the Quaker movement, and the great-grand-nephew of three notable political leaders of the mid-1800s: Elias Moore, Reform M.P.P. during the Upper Canada Rebellion of 1837; Enoch Moore, who was convicted of high treason for his role in those same rebellions; and, Lindley Murray Moore, President of the Rochester N.Y. Anti-Slavery Society in 1838. He graduated in Arts at the University of Toronto in 1894 and went on to post graduate studies in Political Science. At the University of Toronto he was a member of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity. While studying at Cornell Law School, he was admitted into one of the Greek letter organizations (fraternities). He then went to Osgoode Hall to study law. He married Christine Mabel Bertram in Toronto June 23, 1898 (daughter of George Hope Bertram, MP for Toronto Center).
In 1903, Moore was appointed assistant to the President of the Toronto Railway Company.
In 1913, Moore built a large stone house on the east side of the mouth of the Rouge River in what is now Toronto, Ontario. The property consisted of 175 acres that he had purchased from the original patentee, William Holmes. He called the estate Moorlands and it was kept in the family until the Metropolitan Toronto and Region Conservation Authority expropriated it in the 1960s. It was opened to the public as the Petticoat Creek Conservation Area in 1975.
Moore worked as a distinguished barrister in Toronto and became a King's Counsel. He became the Secretary of the Canadian National Railway Company.
In 1922, Moore was awarded an honorary LL.D. by the University of Ottawa. Other awards included Doctor of Letters and Fellow of the Royal Statistical Society.
Moore was avidly interested in economics. In 1926, he was appointed Chairman of the Tariff Board. In his diary entry of Saturday, October 26, 1929, then Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King wrote that he was "much impressed with [Moore's] knowledge of the tariff situation, etc." Moore held that position until 1930, when he was elected to the House of Commons for the riding of Ontario. Later, he would be chairman of the House of Commons Banking and Trade Committee. The French-Canadian journalist, Léopold Richer wrote of him in this role: One must see him in his role as the Chairman of the Banking and Trade Committee. Big and tall, a friendly giant, a thick trunk, sitting solidly in his chair, his legs stretched out, his arms on the armrests. His head gives the impression of solidity; without mincing his words, it doesn't matter who is speaking, or what they are saying, he will give them their turn. He smokes almost continuously, sitting back in his chair, his pipe held in an enormous fist. His face remains impassive, he leads his listeners a little at a time, with long pauses for their benefit, handling interruptions peacefully. Then, he quietly calls members back to order, gives his opinion, allows others a chance to counter him, assuring all a common measure of justice. After a long session, he rises from his chair, his back hunched, with a tired demeanour, and retreats to the library to escape the petty quarrels.
Moore served in Parliament until April 16, 1945.
He died August 16, 1960 at the age of 87 years
At various times in his life, he was a director of Massey-Harris Co. Ltd., Canadian Colonial Airways Ltd., and Brazean Colliers Ltd.
Contribution
According to Graham Fraser, Canada's sixth Commissioner of Official Languages, "William Moore was an improbable defender of French-language rights in Canada. He was, as he listed proudly in his biography, of United Empire Loyalist descent, and a farmer in Pickering, Ontario. ...In 1918, when World War I was still raging and in the aftermath of Regulation 17, which abolished French-language education in Ontario, Moore wrote a remarkable book entitled The Clash: A Study in Nationalities. In the book, he argued that British traditions called for bilingualism and inclusion, and shrewdly contrasted them with what he called the rigid Prussian approach."
Senator Léon Mercier Gouin described The Clash as an "unsurpassed study of my people" and endorsed Moore's definition of nationality:
1. Ethnical identity,
2. Identity of language,
3. The unity of religion,
4. Common economic interests,
5. Habitation subject to common geographical conditions,
6. Common history and traditions,
7. A uniform theory of government.
Books
Moore was the author of numerous books on culture and economics including:
Railway Nationalisation and the Average Citizen (1917)
Railway Nationalisation and the Farmer (1917)
The Irresponsible Five: A New Family Compact (1917)
The Clash! A Study of Nationalities (a 1918 book on French/English relations in Canada)
Polly Masson (1919)
Commandments of Men (1925)
Definite National Purpose (1933)
Yellow Metal (1934)
Underneath It All (1942)
When the Iron is Hot (1943)
Grey Days (1946)
By Their Fruits (1949)
MacKenzie King (undated, privately published).
Articles
The Mackenzie I Knew, Saturday Night, 28 December 1923
References
External links
Moore's book The Clash is available in full at the Internet Archive
William Henry Moore fonds, Archives of Ontario
1872 births
1960 deaths
Canadian lawyers
Canadian non-fiction writers
University of Toronto alumni
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
People from Markham, Ontario
"Settin' the Woods on Fire" was the A-side of a single by Hank Williams (opposed by "You Win Again"), released in September 1952. The song reached number 2 on U.S. Billboard Most Played by Jockeys chart and number 2 on the National Best Sellers chart.
Background
Although it sounds remarkably like a Hank Williams composition, "Settin' the Woods on Fire" was written by Hank's song publisher and producer Fred Rose and an elderly New Yorker, Ed G. Nelson. Williams recorded it with Rose producing at Castle Studio on June 13, 1952 in Nashville, with Jerry Rivers (fiddle), Don Helms (steel guitar), and Harold Bradley (rhythm guitar), while it is speculated that Chet Atkins played lead guitar and Ernie Newton played bass. The song peaked at number 2, while the B-side, "You Win Again," climbed to number 10. Author Colin Escott offers that the song "pointed unerringly toward rockabilly,"
In 2007, an episode of The Batman was released called "Two of a Kind", in which Joker and Harley Quinn sing the song while causing chaos in Gotham City.
Cover versions
Frankie Laine and Jo Stafford released a duet in 1952.
Jerry Lee Lewis recorded an unissued version of the song for Sun Records in 1958.
Johnny Burnette released a version in 1958.
George Jones covered the song for his 1960 album George Jones Salutes Hank Williams.
Porter Wagoner recorded it on his 1963 LP A Satisfied Mind.
Mason Proffit recorded it for their 1973 album Bareback Rider.
Chris LeDoux recorded the song on his Western Underground album in 1991.
The Tractors recorded the song for their 1994 eponymous debut album.
Matchbox recorded the song for their 1978 album Settin' the Woods on Fire.
Chart performance
References
1952 songs
Songs written by Fred Rose (songwriter)
Hank Williams songs
MGM Records singles
Song recordings produced by Fred Rose (songwriter)
Cecilie Fløe Nielsen (born 8 October 2001) is a Danish footballer who plays as a striker for Elitedivisionen club HB Køge and the Denmark women's national team.
She represented Denmark at the 2019 UEFA Women's Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.
Fløe made her senior Denmark debut on 26 October 2021, coming on as an 76th-minute substitute for Sofie Junge Pedersen in a 5–1 win against Montenegro in the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup qualifying cycle.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
People from Fredericia
Danish women's footballers
Jules Bourgeois (31 May 1847, Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines – 18 July 1911) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera. The French Academy of Sciences awarded him the Prix Thore for 1908 in recognition of his work on Chrysomela.
Jules Bourgeois was initially associated with his father and brother in Rouen, as the Paris representative of the family weaving business (1881-1889) and later worked at the spinning mills of H. Schwartz in Sainte Marie-aux-Mines from 1893. He used his leisure time to follow his true vocation, that of a naturalist. Bourgeois studied coleoptera then included in the then group Malacodermata, now unranked (Elateroidea (in part), Lymexyloidea, Cleroidea, Tenebrionoidea). He described several hundreds of new species in many scientific publications especially in the Bulletin and Annales of the Société entomologique de France of which he was a very active member. Bourgeois contributed to Alsatian entomology with his catalogue of the beetles of "la chaîne des Vosges" and surrounding regions published in part in 1898 in the Bulletin de la Société d'histoire naturelle de Colmar. This included information on 3000 species from numerous localities. The author thus showed the great richness of the entomological fauna of the Alsace, the richest of France, after the Provence and Côte d'Azur. With the death of Jules, the work, of 800 pages, was completed by Paul Scherdlin, conservator of the Musée zoologique de l'ULP et de la ville de Strasbourg, Strasbourg. In 1885, Jules Bourgeois had a rich collection of more than 15,000 species of Palearctic Coleoptera without counting the exotic species. Because of the annexation of Alsace in 1870, this collection, like many others, was transferred to Paris. Jules' brother Lt. Colonel Robert Bourgeois headed the Mission Géodésique de l ́Equateur (1901–1906) to Ecuador and was sent the beetles that were collected. It is currently in the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle. Jules Bourgeois was a member of the Société naturelle de Colmar, chair of the Société entomologique de France in 1883, and prize winner of the Dollfus price in 1894 allotted by the same society. His ore and mineral collection of the Rouen valley is one of the treasures of the museum of natural history in Paris. In parallel, he was devoted to local history and collaborated actively in the journal La Revue d'Alsace.
References
1847 births
1911 deaths
French entomologists
Presidents of the Société entomologique de France
Epinotia niveipalpa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 25 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish, but the costa is browner and the dorsal area is brownish cream and paler in the basal half, with some scattered black dots. The hindwings are brown.
Etymology
The name refers to colouration of the labial palpus and is derived from Latin niveus (meaning snow white).
References
Moths described in 2009
Eucosmini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Tsala ea Batho / Tsala ea Becauna (“Friend of the people” or “Friend of the Becuana”) was a Tswana and English language newspaper based in Kimberly, Cape Province between 1910-1915. It was a politically nonpartisan newspaper, running topical news and opinions that would interest black people in South Africa.
History
Tsala ea Becauna was founded by Sol Plaatje in 1910 in Kimberly, Northern Cape. It was the second Tswana and English language newspaper Sol Plaatje founded and edited. Articles in Sepedi often featured in the publication too. The newspaper was published multilingually as Plaatje was concerned that Setswana could disappear completely due to decreasing use. The first newspaper, Koranta ea Becauna was founded in Mafikeng in 1901, but the newspaper collapsed at the end of May 1909 because of financial difficulties.
Along with his family, Plaatje left Mafikeng for Kimberly, where the Seleka Barolong of the Tswana Nation funded the establishment of Tsala ea Batho. The Seleka Barolong were wealthy business people who lived in the Wesleyan Methodist mission community of Thaba Nchu in the Orange Free State.
The first edition of Tsala ea Becauna was published in June 1910. It was a four-page weekly aimed at Tswana speakers in the Becuanaland protectorate and other Tswana speakers in South Africa. The newspaper eventually began to have national reach.
Editorial
In the first year of publication, the newspaper was focussed on the impending union of the colonies and republics — Cape Colony, Natal, Transvaal and Orange Free State — together as the Union of South Africa. Tsala ea Becauna was against the union because it would grant dominion to the white minority over Africans. The union between the British and the Afrikaner excluded Africans from the vote and stripped Africans from their land. Tsala ea Becauna advocated for the Bechuanaland Protectorate (now the Republic of Botswana), Swaziland, and Basutoland (now the Kingdom of Lesotho) to join South Africa.
With Plaatje as the editor, Tsala ea Becuana also reported on the Native Land Act and the paper referred to the act as the “extermination” of black Africans in the country.
Tsala ea Becauna often published news on strikes and letters from miners among reports of African welfare, industrial colour bars, poor wage earnings and low pensions. The newspaper could not ignore miners and their concerns in Kimberly because of predominance of mine labourers. The newspaper also carried national and international correspondence obtained from other publications and editorials and commentaries on their editorial page. The newspaper reported on matters of interest such as assaults committed by white miners against black labourers. The newspaper enjoyed watchdog status.
The newspaper expressed modest views as is exemplified by their opposition to strikes.
After Sol Plaatje became the first General Secretary of the South African Native National Congress (SANNC), later African National Congress, the newspaper was increasingly viewed as an organ of the party by its readers. The newspaper contains records of the early meetings of the African National Congress.
Late History
Tsala ea Becauna was renamed Tsala ea Batho (“Friend of the People”) in April 1913. The name change reflected a growing national awareness and a shift from tribe to nation.
The publication struggled to stay open despite a circulation reportedly in the thousands and consistent advertising. Another contributing factor was that Plaatje left for Britain in May 1914, on the brink of World War I, as a member of the SANNC deputation protesting the Natives' Land Act, and Tsala ea Batho came to an end during the prolonged time he was forced to spend overseas.
The English-Setswana weekly, Tsala ea Becauna, was one of the organs of black political news and opinion for the turbulent period of its existence.
See also
Xhosa language newspapers
Tswana language
References
Defunct newspapers published in South Africa
newspapers
Newspapers established in 1910
Publications disestablished in 1915
The Matsu New Village (), also called New Matsu Village, Mazu New Village, is a restored military dependents' settlement in Zhongli District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.
The Matsu New Village has been lauded as the "Taoyuan General Village" (). The first phase of the military dependents' hostel was completed in 1957, and they are allocated to 84 army major-general level officers and lower ranking officers, as well as their dependents; it was also the first military dependents' village in . The name of the village was not derived because the local residents came from Matsu but it was during a trip when Chiang Kai-shek's wife, Soong Mei-Ling led the Armed Forces Entertainment Regiment to visit Matsu and enhance troop morale.
Matsu New Village was the only village in Taoyuan to have been selected by the Ministry of National Defense in 2012 as one of the 13 national “Cultural Preservation Areas for Military Dependents' Villages.”
References
Buildings and structures in Taoyuan City
Military dependents' village, Taiwan
New towns started in the 1950s
Bak Il (; born September 2, 1946 – July 31, 2019) was a South Korean actor and voice actor who joined the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's Voice Acting Division in 1970.
He died in his sleep on July 31, 2019, aged 72.
Roles
Broadcast TV
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (replacing William Petersen, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
24 (replacing Dennis Haysbert, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Smallville (replacing John Schneider, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
NYPD Blue (replacing David Caruso, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Time Tracks (replacing Jack Scalia, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
Movie dubbing
Live action
Pierce Brosnan
The Lawnmower Man (Dr. Lawrence Angelo, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Mrs. Doubtfire (Stuart Dunmeyer, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
GoldenEye (James Bond, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The Mirror Has Two Faces (Alex, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Tomorrow Never Dies (James Bond, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The World Is Not Enough (James Bond, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The Tailor of Panama (Andy Osnard, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
After the Sunset (Max Burdett, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Michael Douglas
Fatal Attraction (Dan Gallagher, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Black Rain (Nick Conklin, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
Shining Through (Ed Leland, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
Disclosure (Tom Sanders, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
The Ghost and the Darkness (Charles Remington, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
A Perfect Murder (Steven Taylor, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
The In-Laws (Steve Tobias, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
George Clooney
One Fine Day (Jack Taylor, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The Peacemaker (Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Devoe, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Good Night, and Good Luck (Fred W. Friendly, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Double Jeopardy (replacing Bruce Greenwood, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Hamlet (Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Heat (replacing Al Pacino, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
In the Line of Fire (replacing Clint Eastwood, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Independence Day (replacing Bill Pullman, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World (replacing Russell Crowe, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Nick of Time (replacing Christopher Walken, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Out of Africa (replacing Robert Redford, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The Day After Tomorrow (replacing Dennis Quaid, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The Godfather (replacing Marlon Brando, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The Mission (replacing Robert De Niro, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The Shawshank Redemption (replacing Tim Robbins, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
The Shipping News (replacing Kevin Spacey, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
Up Close & Personal (replacing Robert Redford, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Vertical Limit (replacing Bill Paxton, Korea TV Edition, MBC)
Animated films
The Incredibles (Mr. Incredible, Korea Movie Edition, Walt Disney)
Toy Story (Buzz Lightyear, Korea Movie Edition, Walt Disney)
Toy Story 2 (Buzz Lightyear, Korea Movie Edition, Walt Disney)
Toy Story 3 (Buzz Lightyear, Korea Movie Edition, Walt Disney)
Big Hero 6 (Stan Lee, Korea Movie Edition, Walt Disney)
Animated series
The Loud House (Monster Trucks, Korea Movie Edition, Korea TV Edition, SBS)
See also
Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation
MBC Voice Acting Division
References
External links
Daum Cafe Voice Actor Bak Il Homepage (in Korean)
MBC Voice Acting division Bak Il blog (in Korean)
South Korean male voice actors
1946 births
2019 deaths
Male actors from Seoul
20th-century South Korean male actors
Are.na is an online social networking community and creative research platform founded by Charles Broskoski, Daniel Pianetti, Chris Barley, and Chris Sherron. Are.na was built as a successor to hypertext projects like Ted Nelson's Xanadu, and as an ad-free alternative to social networks like Facebook, forgoing "likes," "favorites," or "shares" in its design. Are.na allows users to compile uploaded and web-clipped "blocks" into different "channels," and has been described as a "vehicle for conscious Internet browsing," "playlists, but for ideas," and a "toolkit for assembling new worlds."
Features and community
Are.na is popular amongst designers, artists, and architects including Cory Arcangel, Michael Bell-Smith, Margaret Lee, Laurel Schwulst, Emily Segal, Martine Syms, Allan Yu, and others who publicly cite Are.na as a tool in their creative process. Are.na's blog, written and curated by Meg Miller, includes essays about Are.na's research and publishing tools as well as noteworthy or "featured" user channels.
Are.na-specific terms include:
Blocks: uploaded or web-clipped links, images, text, PDF, video, or other file formats.
Channels: file folders for organizing blocks
Revenue model
Are.na is free to peruse but finances itself by upselling premium accounts with the ability to upload an unlimited number of private blocks. It also sells branded apparel on its store.
Unlike Pinterest, Are.na does not finance itself through advertising or user data collection.
History
Co-founder Charles Broskoski began working for Rhizome's John Michael Boling and Sapient Corporation's Stuart Moore in the early 2010s, coding prototypes of a platform which would containerize knowledge into "informational building blocks." Soon after, Broskoski brought artist Damon Zucconi and K-HOLE's Dena Yago onto the project. Broskoski, Yago, and Zucconi eventually split off to found Are.na, soon joined by co-founder Chris Sherron (also of K-HOLE) and Dan Brewster. Broskoski set out to build an open-ended community tool, with Ted Nelson's Computer Lib/Dream Machines and hypertext project Xanadu as major influences on Are.na's founding and design.
Collaborations
In 2015, Are.na worked with the Guggenheim Museum on the Åzone Futures Market. The museum's first online exhibition, curated by Troy Conrad Therrien, Åzone Futures Market allowed visitors to the site to invest cåin, a digital currency, in different technology-driven visions of the future.
Two years later, Are.na partnered with the Chicago Architecture Biennial, building out their blog alongside ArchDaily, Archinect, and Architizer. Are.na has also partnered with the Manhattan Museum of Arts and Design, New Inc. incubator, the Vilém Flusser archives, and artists Carson Salter and David Hilmer Rex.
References
External links
Social media companies of the United States
Internet properties established in 2014
Image-sharing websites
American photography websites
The discography of Puddle of Mudd, an American alternative rock band from Kansas City, Missouri, formed in 1992 by Wes Scantlin (lead vocals, rhythm guitar). They released their first studio album in 1997; their major label debut, 2001's Come Clean, has sold over 5 million copies. They have released one independent and five studio albums, with their latest being Welcome to Galvania in September 2019. The band has sold over 7 million albums.
Albums
Studio albums
Cover albums
Video albums
Compilation albums
EPs
Singles
Music videos
Notes
A. Peaked on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, a 25-song extension to the original Billboard Hot 100 chart.
References
Discographies of American artists
Rock music group discographies
Discography
Morus insignis is an evergreen tree native to Central and South America, from Guatemala to Argentina. It grows in wet montane forests at altitudes between .
References
insignis
Trees of Peru
Trees of Guatemala
Trees of Costa Rica
Trees of Ecuador
Trees of Colombia
Trees of Argentina
Trees of Bolivia
Trees of Panama
Trees of Venezuela
Küçüklü, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey. As of 2019 it had a population of 392 people.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Bahrain Red Crescent Society was established in 1971, via a charter issued by Sheikh Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa, the Amir of Bahrain at the time. The society was recognized by the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies on 14 September 1972. It is the 116th member of the international group since its inception in 1919. It has its headquarters in Hoora, Manama.
References
External links
Bahrain Red Crescent Society Profile
Official International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Web Site
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
Organizations established in 1971
1971 establishments in Bahrain
Medical and health organisations based in Bahrain
Kevin Haugrud served as the acting United States Secretary of the Interior from the end of the Obama administration on January 20, 2017 until the swearing in of Ryan Zinke on March 1, 2017. Until becoming Acting Secretary, Haugrud was deputy solicitor of the Department of the Interior.
On December 13, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump picked Ryan Zinke as his nominee for the position of Interior Secretary.
References
Living people
Trump administration cabinet members
United States Department of the Interior officials
Year of birth missing (living people)
Yumaklar is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Pimperna is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 161 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 11,329. The village of Pimperna, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 16 km northwest of Sikasso on the RN11, the main road between Sikasso and Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Douglas McGibbon (24 February 1919 – 25 October 2002) was an English footballer who played at centre forward for Southampton, Fulham and Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic in the years just after the Second World War. He once scored six goals in a match, one of which was timed at under 5 seconds from the second half kick-off.
Football career
Southampton
McGibbon was born in Netley, Hampshire, the son of Charlie McGibbon (1880–1954), who was a centre forward for several clubs, including Southampton, in the 1900s. At the time Doug was born, his father had retired and was employed as the Chief Clerk in the Statistical Office at Netley Hospital.
Doug McGibbon played his youth football with the Air Service Training at Hamble. During a charity cricket match, he approached the Southampton manager Tom Parker for a trial. Parker gave McGibbon a game with the "Saints" "A" team, against Lymington, during which he scored a hat trick. This was sufficient to persuade Southampton to offer him a professional contract, which he signed in December 1938, going on to make his first-team debut in the final match of the 1938–39 season, replacing Reg Tomlinson in a 2–0 defeat at Plymouth.
McGibbon remained in Southampton at the start of the Second World War, making 16 appearances (scoring 7 goals) in the wartime leagues in 1939–40 before he moved to Swindon to work as an aircraft mechanic as part of the war effort. While at Swindon, he played for Swindon Railway in 1944 and then for Swindon Town in the 1945–46 season where he made five appearances, scoring three goals. Swindon Town approached Southampton with a view to signing him on a full-time basis, but the Saints board refused and McGibbon returned to Southampton.
During the 1945–46 season, Southampton played in the League South pending the resumption of League football following the end of the war. During the league season, McGibbon made 30 appearances scoring 27 goals, including six in a 7–0 victory over Chelsea on 29 December 1945. In this match, McGibbon scored his third goal within five seconds of the kick-off for the second half. McGibbon kicked off to Ted Bates, who passed the ball wide to Bill Stroud, who immediately hit a long ball into the path of McGibbon, who had sprinted upfield. McGibbon hit a firm volley into the back of the net without a Chelsea player having touched the ball. The referee timed the goal at 4.6 seconds from the kick-off – this remains the fastest goal ever scored by a Southampton player from a kick-off, although the Dell pitch had been shortened slightly due to bomb damage at the Milton Road end. In total, including FA Cup matches, McGibbon scored 29 goals from 34 appearances in 1945–46, although his form did tail off towards the end of the season.
McGibbon made his home League debut in the opening match of the first season of League football after the war, scoring a hat trick in a 4–0 victory over Swansea Town. He scored three more goals in the next five games, before an injury forced him to sit out five games, with George Lewis taking over. On McGibbon's return he continued to score regularly until he was dropped, in favour of Lewis, in December before manager Bill Dodgin sold him to Fulham for a fee of £4,250 at the start of January. In his 13 league games for the "Saints", McGibbon scored nine goals.
Fulham
McGibbon scored a hat-trick against Plymouth Argyle in his Fulham debut, becoming only the second Fulham player to achieve such a feat. He subsequently found goals harder to come by, scoring a total of 18 in 43 league appearances up to the end of the 1947–48 season when he was transferred to Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic in September.
Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic
At Bournemouth, playing in the Football League Third Division South, McGibbon again found his goal-scoring form and in each of his three seasons at Dean Court was the club's top scorer, with goal tallies of 30, 18 and 17 respectively.
Later career
In the summer of 1951, McGibbon dropped out of League football, moving to Newport, Monmouthshire to play for Lovells Athletic in the Welsh League. His footballing days came to an abrupt end when he smashed his head following a collision with a cross bar.
After a spell in hospital, he returned to Hamble to work as an aircraft engineer and then as a sports officer. He later moved to Isleworth in Middlesex where he was sports secretary for Gillette before finishing his working life with Sperry Flight Systems in Basingstoke.
On his retirement, he initially settled in Isleworth before spending the last few years of his life in an Aylesbury care home, where he died in October 2002.
References
External links
Swindon Town profile
Career details
1919 births
2002 deaths
People from Netley
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Fulham F.C. players
Southampton F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
Swindon Town F.C. wartime guest players
Lovell's Athletic F.C. players
is a railway station in the city of Tōno, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Ashigase Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 61.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has a single island platform connected to the station building by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Ashigase Station opened on 23 November 1915 initially as a station on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The line was nationalized in 1936, becoming the Kamaishi Line. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Surrounding area
The station is located in an isolated rural area.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1915
Tōno, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Senator Bryant may refer to:
Angela Bryant (born 1951), North Carolina State Senate
Bristoe Bryant, (1906–1986), Michigan State Senate
Bruce S. Bryant (born 1961), Maine State Senate
George E. Bryant (1832–1907), Wisconsin State Senate
Kevin L. Bryant (born 1967), South Carolina State Senate
Wayne R. Bryant (born 1947), New Jersey State Senate
William P. Bryant (1806–1860), Indiana State Senate
See also
Bryant (surname)
Senator Bryan (disambiguation)
Pálína María Gunnlaugsdóttir (born 2 January 1987) is an Icelandic sport TV host, basketball coach and a former player. She is currently a host for Stöð 2 Sports Domino's Körfuboltakvöld (English: Domino's Basketball Night). During her career she won the Icelandic championship five times and was named the playoffs MVP in 2011 and 2013. Pálína was named the Úrvalsdeild Domestic Player of the Year three-times, in 2008, 2012 and 2013.
Playing career
Pálína started her senior team career with Haukar during the 2000-2001 season. She later played for Keflavík, Grindavík and Snæfell.
Icelandic national team
Between 2006 and 2016, Pálína played 36 games for the Icelandic national basketball team.
Coaching career
In 2019, Pálina was hired as an assistant coach to the Icelandic women's national basketball team.
In April 2021, she replaced Margrét Sturlaugsdóttir as head coach of Stjarnan women's team.
Awards and honors
Awards
3x Úrvalsdeild Domestic Player of the Year (2008, 2012, 2013)
2x Úrvalsdeild Playoffs MVP (2011, 2013)
6x Úrvalsdeild Defensive Player of the Year (2005-2008, 2012, 2013)
4x Úrvalsdeild Domestic All-First Team (2008, 2011-2013)
1x Icelandic Cup Finals MVP (2011)
Titles
5x Icelandic champion (2006, 2007, 2008, 2011, 2013)
5× Icelandic Basketball Cup (2005, 2007, 2011, 2013, 2015)
4x Icelandic Supercup (2006, 2007, 2008, 2016)
6x Icelandic Company Cup (2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2015)
2x Icelandic Division I (2002, 2004)
References
External links
Icelandic statistics 2008-present
Eurobasket.com Profile
1987 births
Living people
Palina Gunnlaugsdottir
Palina Gunnlaugsdottir
Palina Gunnlaugsdottir
Palina Gunnlaugsdottir
Palina Gunnlaugsdottir
Palina Gunnlaugsdottir
Shooting guards
Sremska Mitrovica Prison (Serbian: Казнено-поправни завод у Сремској Митровици / Kazneno-popravni zavod u Sremskoj Mitrovici) is the biggest prison in Serbia, consisting of two facilities. It is situated in Sremska Mitrovica, Vojvodina province. During the Yugoslavian Civil Wars it was used as a concentration camp for thousands of Croatian and Bosnian prisoners amidst allegations of torture, prisoner abuse and rape.
History
Foundation and early history
It was formed by the order of Habsburg emperor Franz Joseph between 1895 and 1899. From 1918 to 1941, it functioned under administration of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and after 1944 under administration of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Yugoslav Wars
During Yugoslav Wars, some Croatian prisoners of war were kept in this prison. The main prison facility; the largest known in Serbia, was open from November 1991 to August 1992 and was a scene where many prisoners were tortured, abused and raped. At least 25 prisoners were killed in front of witnesses, but the actual number is believed to be much higher. International organizations collected detailed information from reports, inspections and survivors regarding Sremska Mitrovica prison.
Sometimes, the guards would hold a mock trial and beat the accused. One such was found dead the morning after the "trial". An unknown number of prisoners were beaten to death. According to one survivor, two prisoners in the same room died due to beatings and were left to lie there for 20 hours with the other prisoners. Other prisoners also speak of prisoners being beaten or tortured to death. According to the U.S. Department of State's declassified materials, at least 18 prisoners were tortured to death. Another survivor claims that people were killed, but not in front of witnesses, while at least two others said they witnessed at least two deaths. Some prisoners were transferred to solitary confinement cells and never returned.
Throughout 1992, prisoners were regularly exchanged. On August 7, 1992, an agreement was reached between Yugoslav Prime Minister Milan Panić and Croatian Prime Minister Franjo Gregurić in Budapest for a mass exchange of prisoners. About 500 prisoners from the KPD were to be exchanged at Nemetin, near Osijek. During the ride towards their destination, many were mistreated. On August 14, approximately 1,500 prisoners from both sides were exchanged.
The prison reportedly did no longer kept war prisoners after August 13. Some of the inmates survived for nine months in the prison. According to the Croatian Society of Serb Concentration Camp Inmates (HDLSKL), 8,000 Croats went through Serbian prison facilities, 300 of whom never returned. The Sremska Mitrovica prison was prominently mentioned in ICTY trials to Slobodan Milošević and Veselin Šljivančanin, as many survivors testified there. Following the democratic changes in Serbia, the prison function was also expanded to hold Serb war criminals from the wars in Croatia and Bosnia.
References
General
Final report of the United Nations Commission of Experts: detailed reports on prison camps in former Yugoslavia, including Mitrovica prison camp, witness reports and info on visits
Basic info and one testimony of a day in the life of one survivor
Notes
External links
About the prison (in Serbian)
Croatian Society of Serb Concentration Camp Inmates (Hrvatsko Društvo Logoraša Srpskih Koncentracionih logora)
Buildings and structures in Sremska Mitrovica
Prisons in Serbia
Imprisonment and detention
Serbian war crimes in the Croatian War of Independence
Serbian concentration camps in the Yugoslav Wars
Trojica u mraku is the fifth album of the Croatian rock band Aerodrom, released through Jugoton in 1986. The album was named after the comic book drawn by Andrija Maurović and introduced band's frontman Jurica Pađen as a producer, with an intent to bring Aerodrom's sound back to rock. The band recorded as a trio, with Zlatan Živković returning, this time on drums. Trojica u mraku did not produce any successful singles and the band broke up several months after the album was released. It was their last album until the reunion in 2000.
Track listing
All music and lyrics written by Jurica Pađen, all arrangements by Aerodrom.
Personnel
Aerodrom
Jurica Pađen – Guitars, lead vocals
Remo Cartagine – Bass
Zlatan Živković – Drums, vocals
Additional musicians
Laza Ristovski – Keyboards
Senad Galijašević – Gong
Miroslav Sedak-Benčić - Saxophone
Ante Dropuljić - Trumpet
Herbert Stenzel - Trombone
Artwork
Dražen Kalenić – Photography and design
Production
Jurica Pađen – Producer, except track 7 produced by Dragan Čačinović 'Čač'
Siniša Škarica - Executive producer
Recorded by Dragan Čačinović 'Čač'
References
External links
Official Youtube channel
Aerodrom (band) albums
1986 albums
Jugoton albums
Aero Flight 311, often referred to as the Kvevlax air disaster, was a scheduled domestic passenger flight operated by Aero O/Y (now Finnair) between Kronoby and Vaasa in Finland. The aircraft, a Douglas DC-3, crashed in the municipality Kvevlax (), nowadays part of Korsholm () on 3 January 1961, killing all twenty-five people on board. The disaster remains the deadliest civilian aviation accident in Finnish history. The investigation revealed that both pilots were intoxicated and should not have been flying.
Flight chronology
The Douglas DC-3, registered OH-LCC, was scheduled for take-off from Kronoby Airport at 07:00, but take-off preparations were late and the plane departed at 07:16. The co-pilot requested free flying altitude from the air traffic control, which was permitted. This allowed Flight 311 to fly at any altitude above the minimum flight altitude for the Kronoby-Vaasa route, which was . The pilots did not follow these regulations for the last , during which they flew below .
Shortly after the flight's last radio contact with the air traffic control, in which the pilots confirmed the weather report and said that they would be at the Seppä non-directional radio beacon in a few minutes, Flight 311 was starting to prepare for landing by descending below . Suddenly, the plane turned abruptly to the left. This slowed the plane and disrupted air flow significantly. The pilots tried to correct the situation by applying full throttle, but this did not help and the plane went into a spin. The last thing seen by eyewitnesses on the ground was that the pilots had turned the landing lights on before the plane crashed into the woods at 07:40:30 in a steep 70-degree turn.
First responders, reaching the crash site ten minutes after the crash, were unable to rescue anyone due to intense flames which reached over in height. The aircraft was extensively destroyed by impact forces and the fire.
Investigation
Officials from Finland's Accident Investigation Board (AIB) concluded that OH-LCC had been airworthy. No evidence was found of any technical malfunction, of the plane hitting trees, or of an explosion. It was possible that the plane controls had been frozen, as it was a cold winter day. The investigation report concluded that this was unlikely in the flying conditions, and an intact wing that had separated from the main wreckage did not have any ice on it. The pilots had not reported any icing on the plane via radio either. The probable cause of the accident was determined to be pilot error when making a left turn. It is possible that one passenger might have been present in the cockpit based on his body location.
According to the report by the AIB, neither the pilot, Captain Lars Hattinen, nor the co-pilot, First Officer Veikko Halme, were in a fit state to fly. They had not slept well the previous night and had been drinking heavily. Autopsies revealed that Hattinen had a blood alcohol content of 0.20 (2 ‰), while Halme had 0.156 (1.56 ‰). In all, Hattinen, Halme, and the possible cockpit visitor had drunk sixteen bottles of beer, seven gin grogs and 900 grams of cognac from 21:50 to 02:00. Hattinen had thus neglected his responsibility for the plane's and passengers' safety, and neither he nor Halme were in any condition to pilot the plane on the day of the accident.
Both the International Civil Aviation Organization's treaty and the pilots' personal job contracts barred intoxication while in command of a plane—provisions that Hattinen and Halme ignored. In the police interrogation, no one working at Kronoby Airport said they had noticed that the pilots were intoxicated. Only a construction worker, whose brother was one of the victims, said he had noted the possibility based on their behavior but could not have been certain. In addition, as captain Hattinen and co-pilot Halme were World War II veteran pilots, with Hattinen being a former fighter ace having six aerial victories, they were used to taking large risks before and during flights.
Flight number
Although airlines often retire the flight numbers of flights involved in fatal accidents, the successor to Aero O/Y, Finnair, continued to use flight number AY311 on its Helsinki–Vaasa route for some time. The flight number was eventually changed to AY313. The flights are operated mainly with Embraer 190 or ATR 72, but some busy Monday and Friday flights are operated by Airbus A320 family aircraft.
See also
Aero Flight 217, Aero O/Y's other fatal DC-3 accident in 1963
JAL Cargo Flight 1045, a fatal DC-8 accident in 1977 where the captain was intoxicated
Aeroflot Flight 821, an accident where an intoxicated captain failed to correct a first officer that was challenged by flying with asymmetrical thrust.
Trans-Colorado Airlines Flight 2286, an accident where a captain intoxicated by cocaine chose a challenging descent to Durango Airport while failing to correct a first officer who was overwhelmed by the challenging approach.
References
External links
()
Official report by the Accident Investigation Board Finland
311
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1961
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
Aviation accidents and incidents in Finland
1961 in Finland
Korsholm
Accidents and incidents involving the Douglas C-47 Skytrain
January 1961 events in Europe
Driving under the influence
The James the Greater Church (Dutch: Jacobus de Meerderekerk) is a Roman Catholic church, located on the Pastoor Neujeanstraat 6 in Bocholtz, Netherlands. First mentioned in the 14th century, the current church was built in 1869 by Pierre Cuypers. It was extended by Harry Koene in 1953, creating a larger choir, and adding an apse and sacristy. The building has been in continues use as a parish church for the Bocholtz saint James the Greater parish since 1873. The church holds a relic of pope Cornelius, which was subject of a yearly pilgrimage during the early and mid 20th century, and was listed as a national monument in 1967.
History
The first mention of a chapel in Bocholtz dates from 1373, which was part of the parish of Simpelveld in the diocese of Liège. This chapel was built near a local guest house for pilgrims traveling between Aachen and Santiago de Compostela. Archeological evidence of earlier buildings on this location was found during work on the clergy house in 1953, when the foundations were found of a single nave building dating back to the 12th century, surrounded by foundations of a larger building from the late Middle Ages. Mass for the people in Bocholtz was the responsibility of the parson from Simpelveld, which was a common cause for dissatisfaction. Records from 1487 describe a request for the bishop of Liege to rebuild the chapel dedicated to James the Greater in Bocholtz, which was granted as long as mass was taken in Simpelveld. In 1559 Simpelveld and Bocholtz became part of the diocese of Roermond when Philip II of Spain reorganised the dioceses in the Netherlands.
During the 17th century the chapel came into disrepair, and was completely rebuilt from 1696 to 1697. The parson from Simpelveld refused to consecrate the new chapel or give mass. In 1714 a priest from Aachen was the first to hold mass in the chapel. In 1794 the Southern Netherlands were occupied by France and eventually annexated. By law all priests had to take an oath of fidelity. Parson Augustinus Sougnez of Simpelveld refused to take the oath and fled to Dortmund afraid of being arrested. He returned in 1795, to find that another parson had temporarily taken his place, but had not sufficiently attended to Bocholtz. In 1794 Bocholtz had formed its own parish, the saint James the Greater parish, under parson Jean Benedictus Dautzenberg, meaning Bocholtz was no longer part of the parish of Simpelveld. In 1794 Bocholtz also became an independent municipality. In 1796 a clergy house was built north of the church, and after a long period of procedures the parish was eventually recognised in 1803, making the local chapel its parish church.
Due to population growth the old church was taken down and a new and larger parish church was built on the same location by Pierre Cuypers between 1869 and 1873. The design was based on an unused design for a church in Baarlo. During the 19th and 20th century the population of Bocholtz increased, and the church was considered to be too small. Between 1953 and 1954 the choir was taken down and a new larger choir was built by Harry Koene, also adding an apse and sacristy.
Description
The church stands in the center of Bocholtz, and follows liturgical orientation, with the choir facing east and the main entrance in the bell tower on the west. The tower adjoins a small square in the west, which it shares with a detached clergy house north west of the church. In the far west behind the square is the churchyard. To the north is a wide sidewalk, with a parking space at the east side, and a green space with a Sacred Heart statue to the south. Besides the main entrance there are side entrances on both sides of the church and an entrance in the back to the sacristy.
It is a neogothic cross shaped church made of brick, with the original 1869 design using a different color brick from the 1953 extension. The 1869 church has a tower in the west, three naves, a transept and a choir. Connected to the original choir is the extension from 1953, which stands wider than the original transept. The extension includes a second transept, and a new choir, with a sacristy attached to the northeast.
A turret projects from the left of the main entrance, standing against the main tower, with a wooden road cross against the outside turret wall.
Around 50 stained glass windows, with two rose windows above the main entrance and one on both sides of the original transept.
Inventory
A black marble baptismal font from 1796 and a wooden wayside cross against the church tower.
Relic
The church holds a relic, in the form of a bone fragment, of pope saint Cornelius. The relic holder is a silver-white neo-gothic metal monstrance of 33,5 centimetre height, with a round theca of about 4 centimetre diameter, which contains the bone fragment. The backside of the theca holds a red wax seal, around which the words Elenchi Dioecesi Brugenni 22.052 are written in pencil. It is not certain when the relic was acquired. Worship of Cornelius spread through Europe during the 7th to 10th century when his relics were taken to Germany, with the main center of worship at Kornelimünster Abbey in Aachen, just over the border from Bocholtz.
During the 19th and 20th century worship of Cornelius became popular in the Dutch provinces of North Brabant and Limburg, and the James the Greater parish acquired a statue of Cornelius. The statue is a wooden neo-gothic 132 centimetre high statues of a beardless young man in mass vestment wearing a tiara, with his right hand holding a horn and his left hand a staff. The statue stands against a column in the back of the church, on the right side of the center nave, just below the rood screen. on a neo-gothic corbel, on which the words St. Cornelius are written.
In the early 20th century a yearly pilgrimage to Bocholtz was held on Cornelius' feast day of 16 September. The first mention of a pilgrimage dates from the 1930s, though it is argued that this might have existed since around 1900. People would travel in small groups on foot from Vijlen via Mamelis and the Bocholtzerheide to the James the Greater Church, where the statue of Cornelius would be on display on the choir. On Sundays during the octave a children's blessing would be given to children from the region. During the 1960s the pilgrimages stopped. The regional popularity of the children's blessing would continue through the 1970s, eventually diminishing and only drawing local attendance.
Monument
In 1903 the Dutch government created a national committee to document its monuments. Starting in 1908 the committee published a series of books called 'Preliminary list of Dutch monuments of history and art' (Dutch: Voorloopige lijst der Nederlandsche monumenten van geschiedenis en kunst ). Each book described a province and the book about Limburg was published in 1926. The James the Greater Church was amongst six listed monuments in Bocholtz, with a specific mention for several pieces of its inventory.
Starting in 1937 the preliminary lists were followed by a series of books called 'The Dutch Monuments of History and Art' (Dutch:De Nederlandse Monumenten van Geschiedenis en Kunst). The book about South Limburg was published in 1962. The James the Greater Church was listed, again with specific mention of several pieves of its inventory. A wayside cross, which was moved from its original location to the church tower and a gable stone on the clergy house were listed separately.
In 1961 the Dutch parliament passed a law on monuments, replacing a temporary law from 1950. The church was listed as a national monument (nr 33600) on 16 January 1967. Two pieces of inventory were specifically mentioned, namely a black marble baptismal font from 1796 and a wooden wayside cross against the church tower. The clergy house was listed as a separate monument on 24 January 1984.
Church choir
The Church Choir Saint Joseph (Dutch: Kerkelijk Zangkoor St. Joseph) was founded on 1 March 1865 under the French name Société Chorale St.Joseph. Originally only for men, it became a mixed choir in 1953, and had around 60 members in 2015. The choir has performed across Europe, most notable the Deutscher Sängerbund invited the choir to Berlin in 1964, and in 1992 the choir had an audience with Pope John Paul II, and sang in the St. Peter's Basilica and the Church of Saints Michael and Magnus. After the 1992 performance in Rome a group called Sympathisers of Church Choir Saint Joseph (Dutch: Sympathisanten Kerkelijk Zangkoor St. Joseph) was created. It consists of around 40 people who do not sing in the choir, but pay contribution and are invited to events. Best known for its Missa Luba, of which it has performed over 250 concerts since 1960, the choir celebrated its 150-year existence in 2015 with several guest choirs singing in the James the Greater Church, including a performance by the Aachen Cathedral Choir.
Modern day
Since Bocholtz is part of the Deanery of Kerkrade, and the local archive guaranteed conservation and proper access, the Bocholtz parish archives are held in the municipal archives of Kerkrade.
See also
Saint Remigius Church, in Simpelveld
Literature
References
External links
Website of the Simpelveld-Bocholtz parish-union
Website of the Bocholtz Church choir
Churches in Limburg (Netherlands)
Rijksmonuments in Simpelveld
Gothic Revival church buildings in the Netherlands
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1869
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the Netherlands
TRXD is a Norwegian music production duo made up of Truls Dyrstad (born January 25, 1995) and David Atarodiyan (born January 24, 1992), respectively from Mandal and Oslo. The name "TRXD" came from the idea "Truls x David", and is supposed to represent both of their given names.
Career
Truls Dyrstad showed an early interest in music, and started playing the guitar at a young age before he started to produce music later on. David Atarodiyan didn't start playing or making music until his teens, but quit his job and went on a hiatus abroad to learn as much as possible as quickly as possible. Although they both studied at the University of Agder in Norway, it was a series of coincidences and mutual friends that brought them together.
2015–present
TRXD was signed to Warner Music Norway in 2016 after creating a buzz around their remixes, mainly through American music magazine Billboard. They released their first single "Wherever You Go" (featuring Hilde) in April 2016, and the song sold to double platinum by the end of the year. The song also got listed on the official Norwegian chart VG-lista for more than seven weeks, which gave them an opportunity to perform at their official tour 2016. The duo makes vocal EMD-music, but usually don't sing on their own releases. This has led them to work with other artist, songwriters and vocalists on most of their projects.
TRXD was booked to perform at the Norwegian industry festival by:Larm 2017.
Discography
Singles
"Wherever You Go" featuring Hilde (2016)
"Down With the River" featuring Skinny Days (2016)
"Our City" featuring Emilie Adams (2017)
"Our City" featuring Emilie Adams (acoustic) (2017)
"Crazy" (2017)
"Venn" with Oslo Soul Children featuring Ramón (2017)
"Above the Water" featuring Angelina Jordan (2020)
References
External links
Norwegian record producers
Musical groups from Oslo
Timothy Shortell is an associate professor of sociology at the City University of New York, known for his critiques of religion, especially Christianity, and of the administration of President George W. Bush.
Shortell is the son of a 1960s political activist, Brandon Shortell, and Linda Shortell née LaPlante. He began his academic career at Washington State University where he graduated in psychology in 1987, before moving to Boston College to graduate in social psychology in 1992. Following this, Shortell focused on the relationship between religion and cultural beliefs, comparing the beliefs of Protestants and Catholics in the United States for Smith College in 1995.
Shortell first came to public notice two years later when, having moved to Brooklyn College, he became Assistant Professor of Sociology and wrote the article, "Religious Affiliation, Commitment and Ideology Among US Elites" in which he continued his first major article from 1995. He then wrote about the influence of religion in El Salvador during the era when Óscar Romero fought against the military junta, before moving onto a series of controversial articles between 2002 and 2004 in which he argued that morality in any form is totally incompatible with religion.
Shortell is writing a book about the responses to Darwinism from its origins until today.
Selected articles
"African-American Abolitionism as a Human Rights Discourse" in Human Rights and the Media: Volume 6, Studies in Communications, edited by Diana Papademas.
"The Decline of the Public Sphere: A Semiotic Analysis of the Rhetoric of Race in New York City". pp 159–177 in Race and Ethnicity in New York City (Research in Urban Sociology, Volume Seven), edited by Jerome Krase and Ray Hutchinson.
"The Rhetoric of Black Abolitionism: an Exploratory Analysis Of Anti-Slavery Newspapers In New York State" in Social Science History. 28(1):75-109.
References
External links
CUNY site
Main homepage
American atheists
Brooklyn College faculty
Critics of Christianity
Washington State University alumni
Boston College alumni
Smith College faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dwight Gerard Walker (born January 10, 1959) is a former American football player for the Cleveland Browns and New Orleans Saints.
Dwight Walker played for the Cleveland Browns and the New Orleans Saints. He played running back for the Cleveland Browns for 3 years from 1982-1984. He was forced to retire due to injuries sustained in a car accident. His best season with the Browns was in 1983. In 1987, Walker resumed his career with the New Orleans Saints and played wide receiver before retiring again following the season.
Walker played college football at Nicholls State University and was named first-team Associated Press All-American and first-team Kodak All-American by the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) in 1981. He attended East Jefferson High School in Metairie, Louisiana.
References
Nicholls State Colonels media guide
External links
Nicholls State bio
Cleveland Browns Dwight Walker
New Orleans Saints Dwight Walker
NFL bio
Dwight Walker statistics at databasefootball.com
Living people
1959 births
People from Metairie, Louisiana
East Jefferson High School alumni
Players of American football from Louisiana
Nicholls Colonels football players
All-American college football players
Cleveland Browns players
New Orleans Saints players
National Football League replacement players
Liam Shiels (born 29 April 1991) is a former Australian rules footballer who played his entire career for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). Shiels is a midfielder who developed into a key member of the midfield that would win three premierships in a row from 2013 to 2015. Shiels would also serve as vice-captain of the club from 2017–2018.
AFL career
Shiels was a 2nd round selection in the 2008 AFL draft, being selected at No. 34 overall. He was the youngest player drafted that year. Shiels are still a high school student when he joined the Hawks; as a result, Hawthorn needed to obtain special dispensation from Shiels' high school in order to enable him to train during periods where training clashed with his afternoon classes.
Not expected to play in his first year, Shiels was training part-time and completing his schooling at Aquinas College Melbourne but after performances playing for Box Hill, Shiels was promoted to play against Adelaide. He played eleven games in his debut season.
Shiels and Josh Gibson were the only Hawthorn players to play every game in 2011.
Shiels are made joint Vice-Captain of the club in 2017, together with Isaac Smith. During Hawthorn's poor start to the 2017 season, Shiels instigated an assessment that the club was not playing satisfactorily. In the preseason, Shiels was sent to the AFL tribunal for striking Darcy Lang, but was not suspended. Shiels are widely regarded as having performed well as vice-captain and player during the 2017 season, registering a personal record for number of clearances per game.
Liam Shiels was regarded as having another good season in 2018, recording the sixth highest number of tackles in the league and setting a new disposal average record.
Shiels, along with Smith was replaced as Co-Vice-Captain prior to the 2019 season with Jack Gunston, though he remained part of the leadership group. Shiels played his 200th game during that season, which was a 24-point victory over rivals Geelong.
Statistics
|-
| 2009 || || 26
| 11 || 1 || 3 || 65 || 85 || 150 || 25 || 49 || 0.1 || 0.3 || 5.9 || 7.7 || 13.6 || 2.3 || 4.5 || 0
|-
| 2010 || || 26
| 6 || 0 || 0 || 37 || 27 || 64 || 25 || 26 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 6.2 || 4.5 || 10.7 || 4.2 || 4.3 || 0
|-
| 2011 || || 26
| 25 || 11 || 14 || 344 || 221 || 565 || 138 || 150 || 0.4 || 0.6 || 13.8 || 8.8 || 22.6 || 5.5 || 6.0 || 0
|-
| 2012 || || 26
| 22 || 7 || 7 || 243 || 177 || 420 || 74 || 106 || 0.3 || 0.3 || 11.0 || 8.0 || 19.1 || 3.4 || 4.8 || 1
|-
| bgcolor=F0E68C | 2013# || || 26
| 17 || 3 || 8 || 164 || 96 || 260 || 61 || 54 || 0.2 || 0.5 || 9.6 || 5.6 || 15.3 || 3.6 || 3.2 || 0
|-
| bgcolor=F0E68C | 2014# || || 26
| 21 || 8 || 11 || 292 || 184 || 476 || 79 || 129 || 0.4 || 0.5 || 13.9 || 8.8 || 22.7 || 3.8 || 6.1 || 7
|-
| bgcolor=F0E68C | 2015# || || 26
| 22 || 13 || 9 || 248 || 229 || 477 || 79 || 162 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 11.3 || 10.4 || 21.7 || 3.6 || 7.4 || 5
|-
| 2016 || || 26
| 18 || 4 || 8 || 191 || 124 || 315 || 41 || 153 || 0.2 || 0.4 || 10.6 || 6.9 || 17.5 || 2.3 || 8.5 || 0
|-
| 2017 || || 26
| 21 || 9 || 10 || 239 || 216 || 455 || 76 || 129 || 0.4 || 0.5 || 11.4 || 10.3 || 21.7 || 3.6 || 6.1 || 5
|-
| 2018 || || 26
| 23 || 9 || 3 || 332 || 200 || 532 || 85 || 149 || 0.4 || 0.1 || 14.4 || 8.7 || 23.1 || 3.7 || 6.5 || 8
|-
| 2019 || || 26
| 19 || 10 || 12 || 249 || 192 || 441 || 65 || 126 || 0.5 || 0.6 || 13.1 || 10.1 || 23.2 || 3.4 || 6.6 || 5
|-
| 2020 || || 26
| 16 || 6 || 0 || 162 || 124 || 286 || 46 || 55 || 0.4 || 0.0 || 10.1 || 7.8 || 17.9 || 2.9 || 3.4 || 1
|-
| 2021 || || 26
| 21 || 5 || 4 || 244 || 200 || 444 || 93 || 99 || 0.2 || 0.2 || 11.6 || 9.5 || 21.1 || 4.4 || 4.7 || 0
|-
| 2022 || || 26
| 13 || 4 || 4 || 84 || 62 || 146 || 32 || 39 || 0.3 || 0.3 || 6.5 || 4.8 || 11.2 || 2.5 || 3.0 || 0
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 255 !! 90 !! 93 !! 2894 !! 2137 !! 5031 !! 919 !! 1426 !! 0.4 !! 0.4 !! 11.3 !! 8.4 !! 19.7 !! 3.6 !! 5.6 !! 32
|}
Notes
Honours and achievements
Team
3× AFL premiership player (): 2013, 2014, 2015
2× Minor premiership (): 2012, 2013
Individual
vice-captain: 2017–2018
best player in finals: 2018
best clubman: 2017
most improved player: 2011
best first year player (debut season): 2009
Australian international rules football team: 2011
life member
Cited references
External links
Hawthorn Football Club players
Hawthorn Football Club Premiership players
Box Hill Football Club players
1991 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Eastern Ranges players
Australian people of Irish descent
Australia international rules football team players
Three-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Trübtensee or Triebtenseewli is a lake in the municipality of Guttannen, Bernese Oberland, Switzerland. The reservoir's surface area is . Its dam was completed in the 1950s and holds a volume of 1.1 mio m³.
External links
Lake Trübten
Reservoirs in Switzerland
Bernese Oberland
Lakes of the canton of Bern
RTrubtensee
The first Comic Relief Does Fame Academy took place on 7 March 2003 and lasted until Red Nose Day on 14 March, where the final show was presented and the winner was announced. It was hosted by Patrick Kielty and Cat Deeley. Nine British celebrities moved into the Fame Academy. Will Mellor was the eventual winner of the sho
Contestants
Teachers
Most of the original Fame Academy teachers were back, including Richard Park, Carrie Grant, and Kevin Adams. David Grant was a newcomer, as a second voice coach.
Format
The same elimination mechanism as the 2002 series, with the teachers putting three on 'probation' each night, with the public saving one and the students the second.
Semi-Final Twist
However, in the 'semi-final' with only three students left the producers decided to change the student vote to include all expelled students as well as the contestant saved by the public. Will, who was saved by the public, voted to save Kwame, while all six of the expelled students voted to save Ruby, changing the lineup of the final two.
Results and elimination
Indicates the winning contestant
Indicates the contestant who was eliminated from the competition
Indicates the contestant who was the Grade A student for the week
Indicates a contestant who was safe, and was neither the Grade A student nor facing probation
Indicates a contestant who faced probation, but was saved by the public vote.
Indicates a contestant who faced probation, but was saved by their fellow students
Indicates a contestant who was unable to perform at the live show
Indicates a contestant who was not eliminated from the show, but had to withdraw due to illness
Indicates that the contestant had been eliminated from the show, and was no longer competing at the academy.
Notes:
Note 1: In the launch show, all contestants faced the public vote, the two with the fewest votes were put on probation and then faced the contestants vote.
Note 2: Four contestants were put on probation instead of the usual three, with the public saving two.
Note 3: All four remaining contestants were put on probation with the public saving two.
Note 4: All three finalists faced probation with the public saving just one, the eliminated contestants returned to participate in the student vote.
External links
British reality television series
2003 British television series debuts
Comic Relief
Fame Academy
2003 British television seasons
Bhupal Noble's College (formerly Bhupal Noble's Institute) is a tertiary educational institution in Udaipur, Rajasthan, India. It was established in 1923 by Maharaj Kumar HH Bhupal Singh ji Bahadur Mewar.
At present it consists of nine colleges and caters to more than 9,000 students in a range of disciplines including Pharmacy, Physical Education, Law, Management, International Travel and Tourism Management, History, Indology, Nursing, General Science, Commerce, Arts, Drawing and Painting, Home Science, and Computer and Information Technology. Classes are offered in both Hindi and English.
References
External links
Official website
Educational organisations based in India
Organisations based in Udaipur
Colleges in Udaipur
Educational institutions established in 1923
1923 establishments in India
Evolutionary Ecology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the study of ecology from an evolutionary perspective. It was established in 1987 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Matthew Symonds (Deakin University). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 2.133.
References
External links
Evolutionary ecology
Evolutionary biology journals
Ecology journals
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1987
English-language journals
The Socialist Propaganda League of America (SPLA) was established in 1915, apparently by C.W. Fitzgerald of Beverly, Massachusetts. The group was a membership organization established within the ranks of the Socialist Party of America and is best remembered as direct lineal antecedent of the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party and its governing National Council — the forerunner of the American Communist movement. It published a journal, The Internationalist, renamed The New International in 1917, last published in 1919.
Organizational history
Establishment
In the fall of 1915, C.W. Fitzgerald wrote and sent a leaflet to Vladimir Lenin of the Russian Social Democratic Workers Party. Lenin replied, outlining his views on the situation faced by the revolutionary socialist movement.
It was not until November 1916 that any sort of broad-based organization was established. A November 26, 1916, meeting in Boston approved a first manifesto for the organization and established an official journal, The Internationalist .The paper was launched in Boston at the start of January 1917 and continued under that name through April of that year. The initial editor of The Internationalist was John D. Williams.
According to the group's constitutional objectives, "The SPLA declares emphatically and will work uncompromisingly in the economic and political fields for industrial revolution to establish industrial democracy by the mass action of the working class."
Move to New York
In January 1917, editor Williams traveled to New York City in order to raise money for the Socialist Propaganda League and its newly launched paper. Williams made the acquaintance of a young Italian-American radical named Louis C. Fraina, until recently a key editor at the now-defunct magazine The New Review. Williams sought an experienced editor to take over the publication and a compact was made.
Beginning with an issue dated April 21, 1917, The Internationalist was moved to New York City and published by the Socialist Propaganda League as The New International. Louis Fraina became the publication's editor at that date. The publication was financed through donations made by Dutch engineer and left wing socialist S.J. Rutgers. Circulation was small, estimated by historian Theodore Draper at "no more than a thousand copies of each issue," which served to limit the paper's influence. Nevertheless, Draper and other historians of the American left regard The Internationalist and its successor as the first propaganda organs of the movement which congealed as the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party in 1919 — forerunner of the American communist movement.
In January 1918, in the aftermath of the Bolshevik victory in Russia and the establishment of a Revolutionary Socialist regime there, the SPLA issue a second manifesto of the organization. The manifesto denounced "bourgeois democracy" as a "fraud" by means of which "Imperialism promotes the most brutal interests," advocated for "the unity of industrial action and Socialist politics," argued that "the revolution of the proletariat annihilates the parliamentary regime and its state" and instead establishes a new form of government based upon workers' councils that combine legislative and executive authority. The SPLA stated in this manifesto that "the organization is formed to work in the Socialist Party as well as independently of the party" and for "the revolutionary reorganization of the American Socialist movement" both from within and without the SPA.
The organization achieved a significant degree of public notice as leading exponents of the Bolshevik Revolution in the United States. On February 28, 1918, a mass meeting was held in a New York City hall at which Louis Fraina quixotically called for the establishment of a "Red Guard" of draft age men to be sent to Soviet Russia to fight for the Bolshevik government against the German army then invading the country. The meeting of about 2,000 people was also addressed by writer Andre Tridon as well as IWW poet Arturo Giovanitti.
Invitation to join the Communist International
The Socialist Propaganda League called for a new revolutionary socialist International and was invited by name to attend the founding Congress of the Communist International in 1919. The organization, however, was unable to send a representative in time to attend the gathering.
Dissolution and legacy
A total of 12 issues of The New International are known to have been produced through October 1918. The New International was directly succeeded by The Revolutionary Age, also edited by Fraina, with the first issue of that paper appearing in the middle of November. "The League is still in existence, but its paper is no longer published, since The Revolutionary Age expresses its policy," Fraina noted in March 1919.
Prominent members of the SPL joined the new Communist Party of America, which eventually merged with the Communist Labor Party to form first the Workers Party of America and eventually the Communist Party USA.
Key members
C.W. Fitzgerald
Louis C. Fraina
John Jurgis
Otto Huiswoud
S.J. Rutgers
John D. Williams
Publications
"Letter to C.W. Fitzgerald in Beverly, Massachusetts, from N. Lenin (V.I. Ul'ianov) in Berne, Switzerland, November 1915," originally published in Lenin Collected Works, Fourth Edition. Moscow: Progress Publishers, vol. 21, pp. 423–428, here at the Marxists Internet Archive
"Letter to C.W. Fitzgerald in Beverly, Massachusetts, from N. Lenin (V.I. Ul'ianov) in Berne, Switzerland, November 1915," PDF-Version of above from Tim Davenport's article in Marxist History with remarks on dating the letter
"Manifesto of the Socialist Propaganda League of America (Adopted at a Meeting Held in the City of Boston, November 26, 1916)," International Socialist Review, vol. 17, no. 7 (January 1917), pp. 483–485.
"Manifesto of the Socialist Propaganda League of America (January 1919)" Revolutionary Age, vol. 1, no. 21 (March 8, 1919), pg. 8.
"Constitution of the Socialist Propaganda League of America," The Internationalist, vol. 1, no. 1 (January 6, 1918), pg. 2.
References
Further reading
Paul Buhle, A Dreamer's Paradise Lost: Louis Fraina/Lewis Corey, 1892-1953. Atlantic Highlands. NJ: Humanities Press, 1995.
Paul Buhle, Louis C. Fraina/Lewis Corey and The Crisis of the Middle Class. New Politics, vol. 5, no. 1 (new series), whole no. 17, Summer 1994.
Christopher Phelps, "Out of the Fraina and into the Fire," American Quarterly, vol. 50, no. 2 (June 1998), pp. 424–431.
"Barred Out of Hall: Anti-Conscription Socialists Speak to 1,000 in Street," New York Sun, June 1, 1917, pg. 1.
"Ask Wilson's Leave to Fight for Russia: Harlem Socialists Move to Organize a "Red Guard" Here of Men Above Draft Age," New York Times, March 1, 1918; pg. 2.
External links
Tim Davenport, "The Socialist Propaganda League of America (1915 - 1919): Organizational History," Early American Marxism website, www.marxisthistory.org/
Tim Davenport and Marty Goodman (eds.), "The Internationalist and The New International: Index of issues," Marxists Internet Archive. —Downloadable pdfs of official SPLA newspapers.
1915 establishments in the United States
Factions of the Socialist Party of America
1919 disestablishments in the United States
Jonny Double is a comic series written by Brian Azzarello and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The series was based on the Jonny Double character created in 1968 by Len Wein and Marv Wolfman. It was the first collaboration of Azzarello and artist Eduardo Risso, which subsequently led to a successful and longstanding pairing on 100 Bullets.
Publication history
Jonny Double was published in four issues, from September to December 1998.
Plot
Jonny Double, an aging private investigator in San Francisco with a peculiar fascination with the 1960s counterculture, is contracted by a concerned father to investigate his daughter, a girl named Faith, and report on the character of her associates. Through a series of twists and turns, Faith introduces Jonny to a seemingly fool-proof scheme to make money without hurting anyone: emptying a long-forgotten bank account once held by Al Capone. Unbeknownst to Double, the money in the account belongs to a local gangster named Vic Dalenozzo, who starts to murder and maim Faith and Jonny's associates. Jonny eventually discovers that Faith has been manipulating both sides all along.
Jonny decides to cut to the chase, and he brings all the money straight to Dalenozzo, where Jonny discovers that the man who originally hired him to investigate Faith was not her father at all, but Dalenozzo's main hitman. As Dalenozzo is about to have Jonny tortured to death, Jonny tells them all he knows about Faith, and Dalenozzo sends his killers after her. Dalenozzo then reveals to Jonny that he and Jonny were acquaintances during the 1960s, when Jonny knew him as "The Wave". He tells Jonny that he wants to repay him for a favor Jonny did him in the old days, but there is a catch.
Collected editions
The limited series was collected into a trade paperback in 2002 (). It is now out of print. The series was later collected under the Vertigo Resurrected line in October 2011 ().
Notes
References
Jonny Double at the Big Comic Book DataBase
1998 comics debuts
Comics by Brian Azzarello
The 1900 Georgetown Blue and Gray football team represented Georgetown University during the 1900 college football season.
Schedule
References
Georgetown
Georgetown Hoyas football seasons
Georgetown Blue and Gray football
Bethan () is a Welsh feminine given name, and may refer to people :
Bethan Elfyn (21st century), Welsh radio and television presenter
Bethan Gwanas (born 1962), Welsh author
Bethan Huws (born 1961), Welsh artist
Bethan Jenkins (born 1981), Welsh politician
Bethan Leadley, also known as Leadley (born 1995), English singer-songwriter, YouTuber, and presenter
Bethan Wright (born 1996), English actress and model
See also
Bethany (given name)
Beth (given name)
Bethan, Nepal
Welsh feminine given names
The Black Duke () is a 1963 Italian historical adventure film directed by Pino Mercanti.
Plot
The domain of the cruel Cesare Borgia is opposed by Caterina Sforza, who gives the assignment to the beautiful Geneva to assassinate him. But Geneva and Cesare fall in love.
Cast
Cameron Mitchell as Cesare Borgia
Maria Grazia Spina as Ginevra
Conrado San Martín as Riccardo Brancaleone
Franco Fantasia as Veniero
Gloria Osuna as Lucrezia Borgia
Manuel Castineiras as Tancredi
Dina De Santis as Lavinia Serpieri
Gloria Milland as Caterina Sforza
Giovanni Vari as Morialdo
Giulio Maculani as Giulio
Nino Persello as Tito Serpieri
Silvio Bagolini as Serafino
Piero Gerlini as Gabino
References
External links
1963 films
1963 adventure films
Italian adventure films
Italian swashbuckler films
Films directed by Pino Mercanti
Films set in the 1490s
Films set in the 16th century
Cultural depictions of Cesare Borgia
Cultural depictions of Lucrezia Borgia
Cultural depictions of Caterina Sforza
1960s Italian films
"Chemistry" is a song by American rock band Semisonic. It was their first single on their 2001 album, All About Chemistry. Released to radio on January 8, 2001, it reached number six on the US Billboard Adult Alternative Songs chart, number 21 in New Zealand, number 35 in the United Kingdom, and number 39 in Ireland.
Music video
The music video for this song was filmed in 2000 in a house in Silver Lake, California. The video was directed by Liz Friedlander. It features the journey of a small silver ball which, at one stage, passes through a Rube Goldberg machine, and includes a series of domestic disasters.
Track listings
UK CD single
"Chemistry" (single edit)
"Over My Head"
"Chemistry" (The Drumhammer remix)
"Chemistry" (video)
UK cassette single
"Chemistry" (single edit)
"Over My Head"
European CD single
"Chemistry" (radio edit)
"Girlfriend"
European and Australian maxi-CD single
"Chemistry" (radio edit) – 3:53
"Girlfriend" – 3:44
"Chemistry" (The Drumhammer remix) – 6:40
"Chemistry" (enhanced video)
Charts
Release history
References
2001 singles
2001 songs
MCA Records singles
Music videos directed by Liz Friedlander
Semisonic songs
Songs written by Dan Wilson (musician)
The common synovial sheath for the flexor tendons or the ulnar bursa is a synovial sheath in the carpal tunnel of the human hand.
It contains tendons of the flexor digitorum superficialis and the flexor digitorum profundus, but not the flexor pollicis longus.
The sheath which surrounds the flexor digitorum extends downward about halfway along the metacarpal bones, where it ends in blind diverticula around the tendons to the index, middle, and ring fingers. It is prolonged on the tendons to the little finger and usually communicates with the mucous sheath of these tendons.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20070814124446/http://moon.ouhsc.edu/dthompso/namics/labs/wrist2.htm
Upper limb anatomy
The Emma Lake Artists' Workshops are affiliated with the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon. Summer art classes were originally taught by Augustus Kenderdine at Murray Point on Emma Lake in 1936. Kenneth Lochhead and Arthur McKay, professors at the University of Saskatchewan, Regina Campus (now called the University of Regina since 1974) initiated the more famous Emma Lake Artists' Workshops in 1955.
Workshop leaders by date
1955 Jack Shadbolt (workshop leader)
1956 Joseph Plaskett (workshop leader)
1957 Will Barnet (workshop leader)
1958 No workshop
1959 Barnett Newman (workshop leader)
1960 John Ferren (workshop leader)
1961 Herman Cherry (workshop leader)
1962 Clement Greenberg (workshop leader)
1963 Kenneth Noland (workshop leader)
1964 Jules Olitski and Stephan Wolpe (workshop leaders)
1965 Lawrence Alloway and John Cage (workshop leaders)
1966 Harold Cohen (workshop leader)
1967 Frank Stella (workshop leader)
1968 Donald Judd (workshop leader) (The workshop was not held at Emma Lake, but at Rapid River Lodge, Lac La Ronge)
1969 Michael Steiner (workshop leader)
1970 Ronald B. Kitaj (workshop leader)
1971 no workshop
1972 Roy Kiyooka (workshop leader)
1973 William Wiley (workshop leader)
1974 no workshop
1975 no workshop
1976 Toni Onley, Douglas Haynes, Hubert Hohn, Sidney Tillim, Harold Feist, Hans Dommasch, Dan Solomon, Andre Fauteux, Otto Rogers, Bruce O'Neil, Joseph Reeder, and Alan Gliko (workshop guest leaders)
1977 Wynona Mulcaster, Richard Mock, Warren Rohrer, Ken Carpenter, Edna Andrade, Mina Forsyth, Rick Chenier, Carol Sutton, Anthony Caro, Terry Fenton, Douglas Bentham, and Otto Rogers (workshop guest leaders)
1978 no workshop
1979 Friedel Dzubas and John Elderfield (workshop leaders)
1980 Kenworth Moffett and Darryl Hughto (workshop leaders)
1981 Walter Darby Bannard and John McLean (workshop leaders)
1982 Stanley Boxer and James Wolfe (workshop leaders)
1983 Charles Millard and Larry Zox (workshop leaders)
1984 Tim Scott and Valentin Tatransky (workshop leaders)
1985 Maryann Harmon and Karen Wilkin (workshop leaders)
1986 Peter Bradley and John Link (workshop leaders)
1987 Tim Hilton and Terry Atkinson (workshop leaders)
1988 Joseph Drapell, Harold Feist, and Douglas Haynes (workshop leaders)
1989 Paterson Ewen, Sandra Paikowsky, and Joseph Masheck (workshop leaders)
1990 Mali Morris, Robert Kudielka, Dorothy Knowles, and Willard Boepple (workshop leaders)
1991 Kenneth Noland, John Gibbons, Terry Fenton and Nancy Tousley (workshop leaders)
1992
1993 Medrie McFwee, Lee Tribe, and Lynn Donahue (workshop leaders)
1994 Janet Fish and Victor Cicansky (workshop leaders)
1995 Judith Swartz and Landon Mackenzie (workshop leaders)
2001 Chris Cran (workshop leader)
2002
2003 Karen Wilkin and Clay Ellis (workshop leaders)
2004
2005 Robert Christie and Ron Shuebrook(co-workshop leaders)
2007 Monica Tap (workshop leader)
2009 Kim Dorland (workshop leader)
2010
2011 David Alexander (workshop leader)
2012 Elizabeth McIntosh (workshop leader)
Publications
The Flat Side of the Landscape: the Emma Lake Artists' Workshops / curator/editor: John O'Brian ; essays, John O'Brian ... [et al.] Saskatoon : Mendel Art Gallery, c1989 (Published for the exhibition, The flat side of the landscape : the Emma Lake Artists' Workshops held from October 5, 1989 to April 21, 1991)
Abstraction West : Emma Lake and after = Abstraction dans l'Ouest : le lac Emma et après / by Terry Fenton. Ottawa : National Gallery of Canada for the Corporation of the National Museums of Canada, 1976
Emma Lake Workshops, 1955-1973. [Catalogue of an exhibition held from] September 21 to October 21, 1973. Regina : Norman Mackenzie Art Gallery, 1973
References
External links
Influences of Emma Lake Art School, Art Gallery of Prince Albert, Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.
Making Friends: The Role of Friends, Mentors and Patrons in the Development of Saskatchewan Art. Exhibition May 28, 2005 to October 23, 2005. Organized by the MacKenzie Art Gallery, Curated by Timothy Long, Head Curator.
University of Saskatchewan Archives. Search text and photograph database.
Anthony Caro and 1977 sculpture series made at Emma Lake.
Art schools in Canada
University of Saskatchewan
Gromadzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sochocin, north-east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References
Gromadzyn
The Tribune Review Publishing Company Building was designed by architect Louis Kahn as the office and printing plant for the Tribune-Review newspaper in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, about 35 miles southeast of Pittsburgh. Although not in his usual line of work, Kahn accepted the commission at the request of William Huff, an architect on his staff who was related to the newspaper's owner. The building is considered to be one of Kahn's relatively minor works, but it has some interesting features nonetheless. Kahn began work on the design in 1958 and the building was completed in 1962.<ref>{{cite book |title=18 years with architect Louis I. Kahn |last=Komendant |first=August |authorlink=August Komendant |year=1975 |publisher=Aloray |location=Englewood, New Jersey |isbn=0-913690-06-6 |page=25}}</ref>
The building is a rectangle approximately 132 x 120 feet (40 x 36 m). A service area with bathrooms, stairs, etc., occupies a strip 20 feet (6 m) wide that runs lengthwise through the center of the building, dividing the remainder into two sections that are each 132 x 50 feet (40 x 15 m). One of those sections was designed for the printing equipment and composing room and the other for the offices, with the service area acting as a buffer between them to shield the offices from the noise of the printing machinery. In addition to the high-ceilinged ground floor, there are also work spaces in the basement. The room for the heavy printing equipment spans both floors.
The building's structure consists of concrete piers and beams rather than a steel skeleton. Kahn had decided several years earlier to use only massive materials like concrete and masonry as structure for his buildings instead of the relatively lightweight materials, such as steel, usually associated with modern architecture. August Komendant, Kahn's preferred collaborator and an expert in reinforced concrete, was the consulting structural engineer.
Pre-stressed concrete beams supported by piers made of concrete blocks span the 50 foot (15 m) width of each of the two main sections of the building, leaving them free of internal support columns. In line with his belief that structure should be made visible, Kahn distinguished the piers from the non-weight-bearing walls within which they are embedded by using concrete blocks the size of bricks for the piers and larger concrete blocks for the walls. The beams are clearly visible in the interior of the building as are the ends of the beams on top of the piers on the exterior. The piers, which are on the long sides of the building, project from the external walls to create a light-and-shadow effect. Kahn created additional visual interest by placing the twelve sets of piers in a pattern that is not quite equally spaced; the walls between the piers alternate between being slightly wider than expected and slightly narrower than expected.
A large T-shaped window is located between each pair of adjacent piers. The horizontal part of each "T" fits in the space formed by the beams that support the roof. That is, the top bar of each "T" begins at the roof structure, as each beam does, extends downward as far as the bottom of the beams, and then extends horizontally across the entire space between two beams. As a result, the top parts of the T-shaped windows form a horizontal strip of glass just beneath the roof that extends the entire length of the building, interrupted only by the ends of the beams atop the piers. The vertical part of each "T" extends to the bottom of the ground floor. On the shorter sides of the building are six windows that could be described as distorted Ts; each has the form a square with a stubby tail descending from it.
This photo shows the front of the building, the T-shaped windows, the ends of the roof-supporting beams on top of the piers, and one of the square windows beneath the beam at the end of the building. It is from the William S. Huff collection of photos listed below under External Links.
Kahn used the T-shaped windows, sometimes called keyhole windows, to maximize the amount of natural light within the building while minimizing glare at desk height. Light enters the building mostly through the upper parts of the windows at the ceiling, brightening the rooms indirectly. The narrow, lower parts of the windows permit employees to see outside without letting in too much direct sunlight. Kahn used variations of the keyhole window in some of his subsequent designs. The use of this type of window spread and "soon became a cliché in the hands of other architects". The interplay of T-shaped window and structure is an architectural highlight of Kahn's design: the structure, which is exposed, determines the placement of the windows, and the windows in turn reveal and illuminate the structure, especially the beams running across the ceiling.
Robert McCarter, author of Louis I. Kahn'', which is the most extensive source of information about this building, provides this summary: "In the Tribune Review Building, which is rarely studied and almost never considered among his greatest works, Kahn achieved his most resolved expression to date of the relation between structure and light. He not only discovered new ways to bring natural light into the space, but also revealed the structure in its light."
A later addition obscures the south side of the building and part of its east side. In this aerial view, the Tribune Review building is in the center. The portion that Kahn designed is at the upper left of the expanded building; the piers supporting its roof beams are visible at its left edge.
References
External links
The William S. Huff Photographs of the Work of Louis Kahn collection at University at Buffalo Libraries has several photos of the Tribune Review building under construction and after completion. Huff was the architect on Kahn's staff who convinced him to take the commission.
The Museum of Modern Art has two sketches by Kahn of early designs for the Tribune Review building, one for the entrance and one for the entire building.
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art also has a drawing by Kahn of an early design for the Tribune Review building.
Buildings and structures completed in 1961
Louis Kahn buildings
Buildings and structures in Pittsburgh
Modernist architecture in Pennsylvania
Wu Hequan (born 16 January 1943) is a Chinese engineer who was vice president of Chinese Academy of Engineering from 2002 to 2010. He is a member of the Chinese Communist Party. He was a delegate to the 8th National People's Congress. He was a member of the 10th and 11th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Biography
Wu was born in Guangzhou, Guangdong, on 16 January 1943, while his ancestral home in Panyu County (now Panyu District). In 1960, he was accepted to Wuhan University of Posts and Telecommunications. After university in 1964, he was despatched to the Research Institute of Posts and Telecommunications, Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications. He worked at the 505 Factory of Sichuan Meishan Telecom Administration from 1969 to 1975 and the Chongqing Department of Posts and Telecommunications from 1975 to 1993. In June 1993, he was appointed vice president and chief engineer of Telecommunications Science and Technology Research Institute and vice president of Datang Telecom Group. After this office was terminated in January 2002, he became vice president of Chinese Academy of Engineering, serving until January 2010. On 5 July 2013, he was proposed as chairman of the Internet Society of China.
Honours and awards
1988 State Science and Technology Progress Award (Second Class) for 155m / 622m SDH (synchronous digital series) optical transmission system
1999 Member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE)
2002 Science and Technology Progress Award of the Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation
References
1943 births
Living people
People from Guangzhou
Engineers from Guangdong
Members of the Chinese Academy of Engineering
Delegates to the 8th National People's Congress
Members of the 10th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the 11th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Sharon Barrett (born September 18, 1961) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.
Barrett was born in San Diego, California. She won several amateur tournaments, including the Junior World Golf Championships (Girls 15–17) in 1978 and 1979. She played college golf at the University of Tulsa. She won her first five tournaments and led her team to the AIAW championship. She left after her freshman year and joined the LPGA Tour.
Barrett won once on the LPGA Tour in 1984.
Professional wins (1)
LPGA Tour wins (1)
References
External links
American female golfers
Tulsa Golden Hurricane women's golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Golfers from San Diego
1961 births
Living people
Ricki Olsen (born 21 October 1988) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Ishøj IF. He is the son of the former Denmark national team player Lars Olsen.
Career
Olsen started his career with Brøndby IF, but did not play any senior games for the team. Randers FC signed Olsen from Brøndby IF in the summer of 2008. Olsen got his first match on 26 October against Aalborg BK. Olsen played 75 minutes before being replaced by teammate Alain Behi. Olsen got his first goal for the club on 1 March against AGF when he scored the winning goal from about 30 yards out. The game ended 2–1.
In January 2012, he signed a contract with Næstved BK in the 1st Division. He then played for Nordvest FC and FC Helsingør.
In the summer of 2018 he left FC Helsingør following the club's relegation from the Danish Superliga. He then signed a contract with HB Køge in the Danish 1st Division. He returned to FC Helsingør for the 2019–20 season.
On 29 July 2020, it was confirmed, that Olsen had joined Ishøj IF in the Denmark Series.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Brøndby IF players
Randers FC players
Viborg FF players
Næstved Boldklub players
FC Helsingør players
HB Køge players
Ishøj IF players
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
Danish 2nd Division players
Denmark Series players
Association football midfielders
Holbæk B&I players
The Adolescent Family Life Act (AFLA) is a United States federal law enacted during the Reagan Administration as part of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981. AFLA provided funding for a series of social programs aimed at promoting abstinence through reproductive health education.
Background
The original bill, , was proposed by Jeremiah Denton (R-AL) and Orrin Hatch (R-UT) as an amendment to the Public Health Service Act of 1970. On 4 November 1981, Senate voted to indefinitely postpone S. 1090. However, its provisions to amend the Public Health Service Act, repeal parts of the Health Services and Centers Amendments of 1978, and provide grants for the Adolescent Family Life Demonstration Projects were incorporated into the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981.
Controversy
The bill carried strong religious undertones, particularly with the strategic funding of Catholic organizations. Consequently, questions were raised with regards to the constitutionality of the law. The case was later brought before the Supreme Court in 1988 in Bowen v. Kendrick, which upheld the law.
References
97th United States Congress
1981 in law
United States federal health legislation
United States federal reconciliation legislation
Ryan Reef () is an isolated reef lying off the north coast of South Georgia, 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) north of the east entrance point of Doris Bay. The reef appears on a chart based upon surveys by DI personnel in the period 1925–31, but it may have been charted earlier. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC), following a survey by the SGS, 1951–52, for Alfredo R.L. Ryan, president of the Compania Argentina de Pesca, which operated the whaling station at Grytviken, South Georgia.
References
Reefs of Antarctica
Estouteville is a historic home located near Powell Corner, Albemarle County, Virginia. The main house was begun in 1827, and consists of a two-story, seven-bay central block, 68 feet by 43 feet, with two 35 feet by 26 feet, three-bay, single-story wings. It is constructed of brick and is in the Roman Revival style. A Tuscan cornice embellishes the low hipped roofs of all three sections, each of which is surmounted by tall interior end chimneys. The interior plan is dominated by the large Great Hall, a 23-by-35-foot richly decorated room. Also on the property are a contributing kitchen / wash house; a square frame dairy (now a chicken house); a square, brick smokehouse, probably built in the mid-19th century, also covered with a pyramidal roof; and a frame slave quarters.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
References
External links
Photographs of Estouteville in the Library of Congress, Carnegie Survey of the Architecture of the South, 1932
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1827
Houses in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
1827 establishments in Virginia
Slave cabins and quarters in the United States
Godey Murahari (20 May 1926 – 1982) in Jamshedpur was former Deputy Speaker of 6th Lok Sabha and Member of Lok Sabha, Parliament of India. He was also member of Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh from 1962 to 1977 and Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman from 1972 to 1977. He belongs to Perike (Puragiri Kshatriya) caste.
He died in 1982.
References
1926 births
1982 deaths
India MPs 1977–1979
Deputy Speakers of the Lok Sabha
People from Jamshedpur
Lok Sabha members from Andhra Pradesh
Rajya Sabha members from Uttar Pradesh
Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha
Telugu politicians
Lanciano (; ) is a town and comune in the province of Chieti, part of the Abruzzo region of central Italy. It has 36,304 inhabitants as of 2011. The town is known for the first recorded Catholic Eucharistic Miracle. Lanciano is located about from the Adriatic Sea in an elevated spot.
Geography
The town is located on hills and its town territory covers from Val di Sangro to Castelfrentano, and its elevation is about above sea level.
It is bordered by Atessa, Castel Frentano, Fossacesia, Frisa, Mozzagrogna, Orsogna, Paglieta, Poggiofiorito, Rocca San Giovanni, San Vito Chietino, Sant'Eusanio del Sangro and Treglio.
Regarding the climate, the temperature averages about in winter and in summer. It usually snows about three times a year. During the summer there can be sultry days.
History
The ancient Roman name of Lanciano was Anxanum, a city of the Frentani Italic tribe. The city is said to have been founded in 1181 BC by Solimus, a Trojan refugee arrived in Italy along with Aeneas. Legends aside, archaeological findings have shown that the area was settled from the 5th millennium BC.
Under the Frentani it was probably under the influence of Greater Greece. After the end of the Samnite Wars, which saw the Frentani allied with the Romans, Lancianum obtained the status of municipium. It was probably a flourishing commercial site, across an ancient and important trade route connecting Pescara to Apulia.
During the fall of the Western Roman Empire, Lanciano was sacked by the Goths, and was destroyed during the Lombard invasion (c. 571 AD). A new settlement was then created around a castle built by the new rulers. In 610, however, it was conquered by the Byzantines, who annexed it to the Duchy of Teate (Chieti) and allowed the trades to restart. In the late 8th century Lanciano was conquered by the Franks, who included it in the Duchy of Spoleto.
In 1060 the Normans made it a centre of the unified Kingdom of Sicily. Lanciano flourished again and in 1340 it was the largest city in Abruzzo with 6,500 inhabitants, renowned industries (ceramics, wool, silk, goldworks, ironworks), receiving important privileges by both Frederick II and his son Manfred, with a substantial administrative autonomy. Charles I, King of Sicily, assigned the revenues of the city's port to the Vatican Basilica. Later it was frequently at war with nearby Ortona.
It was here that Pope Gregory XII, fleeing from Cividale, landed on Neapolitan territory (1409), and went thence to Gaeta. After the end of the Italian Wars, the new Spanish rule and the shift of commerce due to the discovery of America impoverished Lanciano, which, in 1640, became a baronial possession.
Later, the city took the part of the Neapolitan Republic of 1799 and rose against the Bourbon kings in 1848, 1849 and 1853. In 1860 it voted for annexation to the newly formed Kingdom of Italy.
During World War II it was an active center of the Resistance against the German occupation. On 6 October 1943 Italian citizens attacked German soldiers (revolt of the martyrs of October 1943). In 1952 it was awarded the Gold Medal to Military Valour by President Luigi Einaudi.
Main sights
Cathedral of Santa Maria del Ponte ("St. Mary of the Bridge"), so called because it is built on bridgework along a precipice: is the work of Michitelli (1619) and has some paintings by Pozzulaniello (Giacinto Diana). It houses also an 8th-century Byzantine statue portraying the Madonna, probably brought here during the iconoclast controversy.
Chiesa di Santa Maria Maggiore, one of the most important architectural sites in Abruzzo. Built in 1227 according to Bourgogne-Cistercian lines, it was updated in 1540 in Baroque style, with the addition of two aisles and stucco decorations (recently stripped off). The main gate is from 1317.
Chiesa di San Francesco (1258), built over a pre-existing 7th-century church. The high altar houses the relics of the Eucharistic Miracle.
Chiesa di Sant'Agostino (1270). The façade has maintained the original rose window and the gate, while the single nave interior is a Baroque restoration.
Chiesa di San Biagio (11th century) is the oldest church of the city. It has a bell tower and it's always opened on 3 February for the anointing of the throat, a Catholic rite linked to the cult Saint Biagio.
Torri Montanare, a relic of the ancient walls (11th century). They consist in two massive towers, the most recent dating to the 15th century, offering a panoramic view of the area.
Porta San Biagio (11th century), the only one gate remaining of the nine once existing.
Torre civica (19th century), was built over a pre-existing tower next to the Cathedral. Nowadays it is a belfry and a clock tower.
Torre Aragonese, (15th century) was a tower along the ancient walls.
Palazzo dell'Arcivescovado, (16th century) is still the seat of the archbishop and houses a diocesan Museum.
Botteghe medievali, was a house built in 1434. It has two floors and on the ground floor there are antique shops, with external bank according to the Roman use.
Transport
Lanciano railway station
San Vito-Lanciano railway station
Honours
Gold Medal of Military Valor.
Subdivisions
Apart from the city of Lanciano, the comune (municipality) of the same name contains 33 contrade. The population of the contrade has been estimated (as of 2005) at 12,682.
They are:
Camicie, Colle Campitelli, Colle Pizzuto, Costa di Chieti, Follani, Fontanelle, Gaeta, Iconicella, Madonna del Carmine, Marcianese, Nasuti, re di Coppe, Rizzacorno, Sabbioni, San Iorio, Santa Croce, Santa Giusta, Santa Liberata, Santa Maria dei Mesi, Sant'Amato, Santa Nicolina, Sant'Egidio, Sant'Onofrio, Serre, Serroni, Spaccarelli, Torremarino, Torre Sansone, Villa Andreoli, Villa Carminello, Villa Elce, Villa Martelli, Villa Pasquini, Villa Stanazzo.
The Lanciano football team used to play in serie b but this season (2027/18) played in prima categoria and won the championship getting a promotion so that the next year Lanciano 1920 will be able to play in promozione.
Education
Canadian College Italy is located in Lanciano.
There are also other schools, from nursery to high schools. As far as high schools are concerned lanciano has a liceo scientifico, a liceo classico, a liceo delle scienze umane, a liceo artistico, a liceo linguistico, a liceo economico sociale, a ragioneria, a geometra, an istituto tecnico industriale and an istituto tecnico professionale. Lanciano has 4 secondary schools and 8 primary schools and two of those are private schools led by two different nunneries.
Notable people
Camillo Pace (Paglieta, 1862–1948), Protestant pastor.
Francesco Morone (born 1956), professional fingerstyle guitar player.
Dario Cataldo (born 1985), professional cyclist and winner of the Queen Stage of the 2012 Vuelta a España.
Twinnings
Berazategui, Argentina
Qala, Malta, since 2005
Perho, Finland
Vaughan, Ontario, Canada, since 2002
Visegrád, Hungary, since 2006
See also
Miracle of Lanciano
References
Norman Hackforth (20 December 1908 – 14 December 1996) was a British musician and radio broadcaster, who worked as accompanist to Noël Coward and gained fame as the "mystery voice" on the BBC's Twenty Questions radio programme.
Life and career
Early years
Born in Bihar in British India in 1908, son of a railway engineer, Hackforth was sent to England at the age of six, and was raised by four aunts. After his schooling, at Aldenham School, he intended to begin medical studies, but failed the preliminary examinations. He found himself drawn to music. He was never a fluent sight-reader of a musical score and as a performer he had to overcome what he called "this awful barrier".
Hackforth's first job was as nightclub pianist in Soho, and in the late 1920s and throughout the 1930s that was his principal occupation, working at a range of clubs. He had a sideline in songwriting, while working for the Dix Music Company. His compositions 'Today's A Sunny Day For Me' and 'Cute Little Flat' enjoyed modest success. He also accompanied music hall and other singers of popular songs, both on stage and in the recording studio – the latter, principally for the Piccadilly label. In the words of his obituarist in The Times, he appeared "with the Whispering Lunatics at the London Pavilion, and accompanying Fannie Ward (they suggestively clad 'Flapper Granny') as she titillated the patrons of the Willesden Empire". He also provided the voice for advertisements on Radio Luxembourg and performed on early television broadcasts in the UK. During the late 1920s and early 1930s he was occasionally seen acting on both television and cinema screens.
At the start of the Second World War, Hackforth volunteered for military service, but was turned down on medical grounds. He joined Entertainments National Service Association (ENSA), which provided entertainment for the troops. With ENSA he toured France, in the early days of the war, and then North Africa. In 1941 he worked briefly as an assistant and arranger for an ENSA colleague, Noël Coward, and on meeting him again in Egypt in 1943 was recruited to work as Coward's accompanist and assistant on a charitable fund-raising tour of South Africa. The two continued to India, where Coward performed for military audiences. They made a number of recordings together while in Calcutta, mostly of Coward's songs, but also "Music Hath Charms" by Hackforth.
Postwar and later years
After the war, Hackforth continued as an accompanist, for Coward and other performers including Beatrice Lillie. In 1946 he wrote the music for a revue, Between Ourselves, with lyrics and sketches by Eric Maschwitz. The Manchester Guardian thought the comedy shrill and Hackforth's music "agreeable but not in the least memorable. In sum a passable but rather insipid evening." The Times expressed a similar lack of enthusiasm. The show ran for three months, and closed on 15 March 1947.
In 1947, Hackforth was recruited for a new radio panel show, Twenty Questions, a BBC adaptation of a successful American format. A panel of contestants would attempt to deduce the identity of an object by asking a series of questions; Hackforth, as the "mystery voice", would announce the answer to listeners before they began. The show was a great success, turning Hackforth into an immediately recognisable figure. For many years he continued as the mystery voice, until Richard Dimbleby left the panel in 1965, when Hackforth changed roles and became a panellist.
Hackforth worked again with Coward on the unsuccessful After the Ball (1954). Coward was not a trained musician, and Hackforth flew to his home in to Jamaica to help him finish the score in late 1953. Coward appointed Hackforth musical director of the show, but inadvertently sabotaged him by casting in the leading role a singer well past her prime. Before opening in London, the show had a twelve-week provincial tour during which Hackforth reluctantly cut the most vocally challenging music from the score. When Coward saw the production in Bristol he was distressed by the singing, but also found that "The orchestra was appalling, the orchestrations beneath contempt, and poor Norman conducted like a stick of wet asparagus." Hackforth was relieved of his duties as musical director, but Coward still wished to work with him. He was intended to accompany Coward on his 1955 Las Vegas performances, but was unable to get an American work permit, and was replaced by Peter Matz.
Hackforth later became the musical director of Anglia Television, before retiring in the 1970s and publishing an autobiography, And the Next Object ..., in 1975. The following year he published Solo for Horne, a biography of his old Twenty Questions colleague, Kenneth Horne.
Hackforth died aged 87 at his home in Wittersham, Kent, on 14 December 1996. His wife, Pamela, whom he married in 1949, had died the previous year.
Notes
References
1908 births
1996 deaths
Accompanists
English pianists
British people in colonial India
Musicians from Bihar
People educated at Aldenham School
20th-century British pianists
20th-century English musicians
People from Wittersham
San Pedro de Arlanza is a ruined Benedictine monastery in north central Spain.
It is located in the valley of the river Arlanza in Hortigüela, Burgos. Founded in 912, it has been called the "cradle of Castile" (cuna de Castilla). It was abandoned in 1841 during the confiscations of Juan Álvarez Mendizábal's government, when ecclesiastical properties were roundly redistributed.
San Pedro's two purported founding documents, preserved in twelfth-century cartulary, were issued one by Count Fernán González and his wife, Sancha of Navarre, and the other by Fernán's mother and brother, Muniadona Ramírez and Ramiro González, with Count Gonzalo Téllez and his wife, Flamula. Both documents suffer from certain inconsistencies and anachronisms that have cast doubts on their authenticity, especially that of Fernán González. It was probably forged to give the monastery a more illustrious lineage than it could prove to have. The copy of the charter of Gonzalo Téllez is more likely to be based on reality, since Gonzalo is known to have been active in 912. Fernán González and Sancha were buried at San Pedro, however, and remained there until the dispersal of the monastic community in 1841 necessitated the removal of their sarcophagi to the collegiate church of San Cosme y San Damián at Covarrubias.
The present ruins of the church are those of the building begun in 1080. It had three naves and three semicircular apses in the Romanesque style. Later modifications in the Gothic style transformed the outward appearance, but some of its eleventh-century capitals have been preserved. Among the ruins the three apses still stand, as do the tower (erected towards the close of the twelfth century), part of the cloisters and the chapter house, and the double-aperture and the tympanum above the main façade. The portal of the church was transferred to the National Archaeological Museum of Spain in Madrid in 1895. A large Romanesque tomb, said to belong to the legendary Mudarra González, was moved to the Cathedral of Burgos, and some frescoes have been transferred to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York and others (like Paintings from Arlanza) to the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya in Barcelona.
Notes
External links
Universidad Complutense de Madrid. La expansión del dominio monástico de San Pedro de Arlanza a lo largo del siglo XI.
Universidad Complutense de Madrid. Formación y primera expansión del dominio monástico de San Pedro de Arlanza. Siglo X.
Dialnet. El cuerpo occidental de la iglesia de San Pedro de Arlanza. Propuesta de reconstrucción histórica.
Christian monasteries established in the 10th century
1841 disestablishments
Monasteries in Castile and León
Spanish confiscation
The Shaolin Warriors (Chinese: 少林僧兵) is a Chinese television series directed by Raymond Lee, starring Sammo Hung, Cui Lin, Christopher Lee, Jeanette Aw, Sammy Hung, Cui Peng, Liu Ying and Li Man. The series was first broadcast in November 2008 on CCTV-8 in mainland China. It is the first wuxia television series to filmed in direct collaboration with Shaolin Monastery and features some rarely seen martial arts techniques.
Plot
The story is set in the Ming dynasty during the reign of the Jiajing Emperor. General Qi Jiguang enlists the help of Shaolin Monastery's warrior monks to defend China from the wokou (Japanese pirates) and other invaders.
Cast
Sammo Hung as Big Feet Monk
Cui Lin as Yuewen
Christopher Lee as Qi Jiguang
Hong Zhibin as Qi Jiguang (young)
Jeanette Aw as Haiqing
Li Man as Hideko (Xiuzi)
Sammy Hung as Yuekong
Cui Peng as Kazego (Fengyu)
Liu Ying as Li Ruolan
Luo Jiaxu as young Li Ruolan
Chen Zhihui as Yu Dayou
Qin Yan as Xiaoshan abbot
Wang Jianxin as Wang Zhi
Shen Baoping as Hu Zongxian
Cai Gang as Yan Shifan
Xu Seng as Jin Ke
Fang Zhoubo as Wan Biao
Ren Xihong as Sasaki (Zuozuomu)
Guo Changhui as Miyamoto (Gongben)
Liu Weihua as Li Zhongcheng
Dai Hekang as Mao Haifeng
Hai Yan as Xiao Lin'an
Zhou Yunshen as Sun Haixiao
Ding Xiaohu as Liu Qianhu
He Xianwei as Wu Jingui
Cao Shuai as Wang San
Liu Kai as Yuejian
Xue Jiangtao as Yueman
Shi Ziliang as Yiben Daming
Zhou Jie as Zhou Zhiyuan
Hao Han as Xiao Fu
Sun Lufei as Xiao Fu's mother
Meng Yansen as Xiao Shun
Fan Libo as Xiao Shun's mother
Zhao Gang as Qi Jingtong
Shu Shouqin as Wang Zhifu
Zheng Rugao as Wangshi Zuzhang
Li Junliang as Qiangmazi
Gao Jiafu as Tian Zhong
Tao Jinlong as Fengchen Xiuji
Lu Jidong as Zhitian Cilang
Yuan Shichao as Li Qiangzong
Li Ke as Zheng Zhifu
Production
The series had a costly budget. In addition to the participation of Hong Kong television series director Raymond Lee as the overall director, 120 warriors monks and 200 secular students from Shaolin Monastery were involved in the production as well.
The project was completed in late 2007 after more than three months of shooting in Wuxi's Film and TV Studios.
Shaolin Monastery's abbot, Shi Yongxin, expressed his desire to spread Shaolin history and culture to the rest of the world through this television series.
United States release
The series premiered in the United States with English subtitles on Toku from 12 July 2017 to 21 February 2018.
International Broadcast
References
External links
The Shaolin Warriors on Sina.com
2008 Chinese television series debuts
Television series set in the Ming dynasty
Chinese wuxia television series
China Central Television original programming
Television series about Shaolin Temple
Agnes Morton (6 March 1872 – 5 April 1952) was a British female tennis player. She twice reached the Ladies Singles finals at the 1908 and 1909 Wimbledon Championships and claimed victory in 1914 in Ladies Doubles with partner Elizabeth Ryan. She placed fourth at the 1908 Summer Olympics in Ladies Lawn Tennis. In 1903, she was described by A. Wallis Myers as a 'careful, steady and improving player'.
Grand Slam finals
Singles (2 runners-up)
1This was the all-comers final as May Sutton Bundy did not defend her 1907 Wimbledon title, which resulted in the winner of the all-comers final winning the challenge round and, thus, Wimbledon in 1908 by walkover.
2This was the all-comers final as Charlotte Cooper Sterry did not defend her 1908 Wimbledon title, which resulted in the winner of the all-comers final winning the challenge round and, thus, Wimbledon in 1909 by walkover.
Doubles (1 title)
References
External links
1872 births
1952 deaths
English female tennis players
Olympic tennis players of Great Britain
People from Halstead
Tennis players at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Wimbledon champions (pre-Open Era)
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in women's doubles
British female tennis players
Tennis people from Essex
William Randolph Carpenter (April 24, 1894 in Marion, Kansas – July 26, 1956 in Topeka, Kansas) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas and a U.S. Army World War I veteran. He died in Topeka, Kansas, July 26, 1956 and was interred in Highland Cemetery, Marion, Kansas.
Biography
Carpenter attended local public and high schools in Marion, Kansas. He graduated from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1917, where he was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity. He was admitted to the bar that same year and commenced his practice in Marion, Kansas. He continued his family's agricultural pursuits by maintaining his farm.
World War I
He joined the U. S. Army National Guard in Marion in 1917 as a Second Lieutenant and helped organize Company M under the Third Regiment Infantry, Kansas National Guard. During the First World War he was called to active duty and was transferred to Company M, One Hundred Thirty-ninth Infantry Regiments, Thirty-fifth Infantry Division which deployed to France in early 1918. He was promoted to first lieutenant during the Argonne offensive, and served until his discharge on May 8, 1919.
Marriage
He married Helen Frances Williams (born 20 November 1896 in Marion, Kansas - died January 1994 in Topeka, Kansas) daughter of Fred Reed & Frances Elizabeth (née Skidmore) Williams on 15 July 1920 in Marion, Kansas.
Community service
He served as member of the Marion Board of Education 1925–1933.
He served in the State house of representatives 1929–1933.
Carpenter was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and Seventy-fourth Congresses (March 4, 1933–January 3, 1937). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1936 and he resumed the practice of law.
He was the United States attorney for the district of Kansas 1945–1948.
He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for governor in 1948.
He served as member of the United States Motor Carrier Claims Commission 1950–1952.
References
1894 births
1956 deaths
People from Marion, Kansas
American Protestants
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
United States Army officers
United States Attorneys for the District of Kansas
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American politicians
The Electoral district of Stanley Boroughs was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council at a time when some of its members were elected and the balance were appointed by the Governor. It was a new electorate created in 1851 by the expansion of the Legislative Council to 54 members, with 18 to be appointed and 36 elected.
The previous district of Counties of Gloucester, Macquarie, and Stanley was split into the districts of Gloucester & Macquarie, Stanley and Stanley Boroughs. The district included North Brisbane, South Brisbane, Kangaroo Point and Ipswich.
In 1856 the unicameral Legislative Council was abolished and replaced with an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The district was represented by the Legislative Assembly electorate of Stanley Boroughs.
Members
John Richardson went on to represent Stanley Boroughs in the Legislative Assembly from 1856.
Election results
1851
1853
Richard Jones died in November 1852.
1855
Henry Russell resigned in August 1855 to travel to England.
See also
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council, 1851-1856
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales Legislative Council
Electoral districts of New South Wales in the area of Queensland
1851 establishments in Australia
1856 disestablishments in Australia
Kızılaliler, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Murat Tuncali (born 1959) is a Mathematics Professor at Nipissing University in North Bay, Ontario. He is also the chair of the Department of Computer Science and Mathematics. He graduated with his Bachelor of Science at Bogazici University, in Turkey. He then graduated from University of Saskatchewan with an MSc, and a PhD. He has won many awards over the years, including the Chancellor's Award for Excellence in Research 1999–2000, Research Achievement Award 2001–2002. He took a break from his position between the months of January and June 2006.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Canadian mathematicians
Canadian people of Turkish descent
Nipissing University faculty
University of Saskatchewan alumni
Ferragosto in bikini is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami. The film is named after a hit song of musical group Quartetto Cetra, who also makes a brief cameo appearance.
Cast
Walter Chiari: Walter
Ennio Girolami: Dario
Valeria Fabrizi: Ainé
Lauretta Masiero: Paola Piccoli
Raimondo Vianello: Ragionier Piccoli
Marisa Merlini: Marta
Mario Carotenuto: Cavalier Bonaccorsi
Gérard Landry: Franz Heinrich
Bice Valori: Gladys
Mara Fiè: Elena
Alberto Talegalli: Bagnante paesano
Carlo Delle Piane: Carlo
Toni Ucci: Raffaele
Tiberio Murgia: Carmelo Pappalardo
Luigi Pavese: Commedator Cazzaniga
Virgilio Vidor: Bambino che discute con il Cavaliere
Elyane Pade: Denise
Nietta Zocchi: Miss Porro
Dori Dorica: moglie del bagnante paesano
Enzo Garinei: bagnante delle parole crociate
Ciccio Barbi: segretario del cavaliere
Tino Bianchi: Dr. Labianca
Silvio Bagolini: Subacqueo
Pina Gallini: Bagnante
References
External links
1960 films
1960 comedy films
Italian comedy films
Films directed by Marino Girolami
1960s Italian films
Extravagance is a 1916 silent film comedy drama directed by Burton L. King and based on a play by Aaron Hoffman. It stars Olga Petrova sometimes billed as Madame Olga Petrova. Produced by Popular Plays and Players, it was distributed through Metro Pictures.
Cast
Madame Olga Petrova as Norma Russell
H. Cooper Cliffe as Courtland Russell
Mahlon Hamilton as Franklin Hall
Arthur Hoops as Howard Dundore
J. W. Hartman as Horace Short
Edward Martindel as Robert Mackay
Tom Cameron as Butler
Preservation status
A print survives at Cinémathèque Québécoise, Montreal.
References
External links
1916 films
American silent feature films
Films directed by Burton L. King
American films based on plays
American black-and-white films
American comedy-drama films
1916 comedy-drama films
Metro Pictures films
1910s American films
Silent comedy-drama films
Silent American drama films
Silent American comedy films
Wilhelm Malaniuk (born June 26, 1906, in Oberndorf near Eger in the Austro-Hungarian Empire; died December 20, 1965 in Vienna) was an Austrian judge and legal scholar.
Life
Wilhelm Malaniuk grew up in Baden near Vienna. His father Lukas Malaniuk, a professional k.u.k.soldier, was born in Biały Kamień (a village in the Lemberg region near Złoczów) and headed the Sauerhof hospital and recreation home there after the First World War.
Wilhelm Malaniuk graduated from the University of Vienna in 1929. This was followed by legal practice in Vienna and the surrounding area. In 1933 he became a judge in Mödling and a year later in Baden. In the same year (1934) he was appointed presidential secretary at the Higher Regional Court in Vienna. From 1934 to 1938 Malaniuk was community representative of the city of Baden and district advertising manager of the Vaterländischen Front, where he saw the NSDAP as the main enemy against the party line at an early stage. He wanted to push back the Christian conservative elements and create a balance with the SDAP voters in order to bring a new awareness of Austria to the fore. After he was transferred to a post in the Vienna II public prosecutor's office in 1937, he was removed from his post by the Nazi authorities in March 1938, briefly arrested and finally forced into retirement without being entitled to a pension.
From 1940 to 1945 he did military service as a team rank in the German armed forces until he contacted the judiciary in Vienna in April 1945 and was called back to the judiciary on April 13, 1945. He was appointed presidential secretary at the Regional Court for Civil Law Matters in Vienna and in 1946 he was appointed Vice-President of the Regional Court. From 1946 to 1950 he was chairman of the judges and prosecutors section of the civil servants' union. Wilhelm Malaniuk became the first chairman of the Austrian judges' association in 1948, which was reestablished after the war under the most difficult conditions.
In 1955 he completed his habilitation in white-collar crime and was appointed President of the Regional Court for Criminal Matters in Vienna. Wilhelm Malaniuk was a member of the Criminal Law Commission for the revision of the Criminal Code and in 1959 became a substitute member of the Constitutional Court. On September 22, 1959, the Austrian Lawyers' Association (ÖJT) was constituted at the urging of Wilhelm Malaniuk. In 1963 he became President of the Vienna Higher Regional Court. Wilhelm Malaniuk was in contact with Hans Kelsen and visited him in August 1964 at the University of California at Berkeley. In June 1965 he became an associate professor at the University of World Trade in Vienna.
He was related to the opera singer Ira Malaniuk. Wilhelm Malaniuk's brother-in-law was the Austrian resistance fighter and railway engineer Viktor Gromaczkiewicz, who died in 1944 and was also a member of the "Austrian Action" movement around Ernst Karl Winter, Hans Karl Zeßner-Spitzenberg and Walter Krajnc.
Shortly after his death, his textbooks were banned from Austrian legal education. Wilhelm Malaniuk also tried in his books to deal legally with the crimes in the Nazi state. Above all, he justified the admissibility of the non-application of the nulla poena sine lege among Nazi war criminals.
Books
Lehrbuch des Strafrechts: Band 1 Strafrechtliche Tatbestände des österreichischen Strafgesetzes, der strafrechtlichen Nebengesetze und anderer Gesetze, 1. T : Delikte gegen einzelnen; 2. T Delikt gegen die Gesamtheit; Band 2 vom Lehrbuch Strafrecht; Manzsche Verlagsbuchhandlung, 1947–1949.
Die Stellung des Richters und die Prozeßreform, in: Festschrift zur Fünfzigjahrfeier der österreichischen Zivilprozessordnung 1898–1948 (Vienna 1948), pp 175.
Sources
CAP Otto: 130 Jahre Kreisgericht Korneuburg. 1974.
Österreichischer Juristentag
References
1906 births
1965 deaths
Austrian jurists
University of Vienna alumni
Vienna University of Economics and Business faculty
Los Caños may refer to:
Los Caños de Meca, a village in the province of Cádiz, Spain
Los Caños (band), musical group
Mariana Grajales Airport, an airport in Guantánamo, Cuba originally known as Los Caños
The Hound of the Baskervilles is a 1921 British silent mystery film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Eille Norwood, Catina Campbell and Rex McDougall. It is based on the 1902 Sherlock Holmes novel The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle. It was made by Stoll Pictures, Britain's largest film company at the time. It was the first British film adaptation of the famous novel.
Plot
According to a local legend, Sir Henry Baskerville is slated to become the next in his family line to fall victim to a ghostly hound.
Cast
Eille Norwood as Sherlock Holmes
Catina Campbell as Beryl Ducerne Stapleton
Rex McDougall as Sir Henry Baskerville
Lewis Gilbert as Roger Stapleton Baskerville
Hubert Willis as Dr. Watson
Allan Jeayes as Dr. James Mortimer
Fred Raynham as Barrymore, the Butler
Miss Walker as Mrs. Barrymore
Madame d'Esterre as Mrs. Hudson
Robert Vallis as Selden
Production
Following the fifteen part The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes this was the first full-length film starring Eille Norwood as Holmes and Hubert Willis as Dr. Watson. It was the second film version of The Hound of the Baskervilles, following the 1914 German silent film Der Hund von Baskerville. Sometimes erroneously claimed to have filmed on Dartmoor, the film was actually shot near the village of Thursley.
Release
The film was released in the United Kingdom on 8 August 1921 and didn't arrive in the United States for another 14 months, by which time the characters of Mr. and Mrs. Barrymore were renamed "Osborne". This was presumably done to avoid confusion with John Barrymore who starred in the film Sherlock Holmes, which was released the same year in the United States.
Critical reception
Allmovie noted that the film sticks closely to the original story, but "doesn't even come close to the definitive 1939 talkie starring Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce -- for one thing, there are far too many title cards -- but it still has its moments, mostly involving moody shots of the moors."
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle himself enjoyed the film saying "Mr. Ellie Norwood, whose wonderful personification of Holmes has amazed me. On seeing him in The Hound of the Baskervilles I thought I had never seen anything more masterly."
See also
Sherlock Holmes (Stoll film series)
References
External links
Films based on The Hound of the Baskervilles
1921 films
British silent feature films
British mystery films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
British black-and-white films
Sherlock Holmes films
Stoll Pictures films
1921 mystery films
1920s British films
Silent mystery films
Silent thriller films
Lachenalia aloides (opal flower) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to the Western Cape of South Africa. It is a bulbous perennial growing to tall by broad, with strap-shaped spotted leaves and fleshy stems bearing pendent tubular yellow flowers, red at the tips, in winter and spring. The Latin aloides literally means "aloe-like"; though L. aloides, despite its similarity, does not belong to the same family of plants as aloes.
Numerous cultivars have been bred for garden use. They require a sheltered, frost-free position or under glass. The following have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:
L. aloides var. aurea
L. aloides var. quadricolor
References
aloides
The 1998 Asian Super Cup was the 4th Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 1998 competition was contested by Pohang Steelers of South Korea, who won the 1997–98 Asian Club Championship, and Al Nassr of Saudi Arabia, the winners of the 1997–98 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
Route to the Super Cup
Pohang Steelers
1Pohang Steelers goals always recorded first.
Al Nasr
1 Al Nasr goals always recorded first.
1 Al Shabab withdrew.
Game summary
|}
First leg
Second leg
References
Asian Super Cup 1998 (AFC)
Asian Super Cup 1998 (RSSSF)
Asian Super Cup
Super
International club association football competitions hosted by Saudi Arabia
International club association football competitions hosted by South Korea
S
Al Nassr FC matches
Maylson Barbosa Teixeira (born 6 March 1989), simply known as Maylson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Novo Hamburgo.
Club career
Grêmio
Born in São Bernardo do Campo, Maylson started his career on Grêmio in 2005, playing for the youth team. A versatile midfielder, he's one of rising stars from the club. On November 11, 2007, he made his first team debut, in a 1–0 away loss against São Paulo, playing the full match. He also played the following game,
a 0–3 away win over América de Natal. Maylson assisted the first goal, scored by Willian Magrão, with a brilliant pass.
In January 2008, he features in the Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior and after his good performances, Grêmio rejected a £3 million bid from the German company Rogon Sportmanagement.
Sport Recife
Maylson joined Brazilian Série B side Sport on loan until the end of the season on 19 May 2011.
International career
Brazil Youth
He was part of the Brazil Under-19 national team and was selected to play for the Brazil Under-20 national team in the 2009 South American Youth Championship. On August 31, Maylson was called again for national side, this time for the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Honours
International
South American Youth Championship: 2009
References
External links
Maylson at Soccerway
CBF
1989 births
Living people
People from São Bernardo do Campo
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Sport Club do Recife players
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos players
Figueirense FC players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Red Bull Brasil players
Londrina Esporte Clube players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Brazil youth international footballers
Brazil under-20 international footballers
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
David Stypka (21 July 1979 – 10 January 2021) was a Czech singer known for his performances in the band David Stypka and Bandjeez.
Biography
Stypka came from Dobrá near Frýdek-Místek. After graduating from a grammar school in Frýdek, he was a journalist in the regional press, and also briefly worked at a candle shop and was a salesman at local festivals. After years of journalistic work, he became a graphic artist and typesetter. He had long collaborated with the magazine (single-parentship). He was single, with three children.
In the summer of 2019, Stypka was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died on 10 January 2021, at the age of 41 from complications associated with COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in the Czech Republic.
References
External links
1979 births
2021 deaths
Czech journalists
Czech bandleaders
21st-century Czech male singers
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in the Czech Republic
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Deaths from cancer in the Czech Republic
Male journalists
20th-century journalists
People from Frýdek-Místek District
is a railway station in the city of Tōno, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Kashiwagidaira Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 31.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving traffic in both directions. The station is unattended.
History
Kashiwagidaira Station opened on 30 July 1915 as a station on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Surrounding area
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1915
Tōno, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Pulya+ Disk 2 (, means 'Bullet+ (Disc 2)') is a re-released album of the Russian ska-punk band Leningrad.
Track listing
"Быстряк" - Bystryak (Fast Play) – 0:52
"Лёля" - Lyolya – 2:39
"Военная" - Voyennaya (Military Song) – 2:23
"Звёзды и Луна" - Zvyozdy i Luna (Stars and Moon) – 2:26
"Света" (Sveta) – 1:53
"Дорога на Москву" - Doroga na Moskvu (Road to Moscow) – 2:44
"Zenit" - Zenit (FC Zenit St. Petersburg) – 2:23
"Витебский вокзал" - Vitebskiy vokzal (Vitebsky Rail Terminal) – 3:05
"Разбитое сердце" - Razbitoye serdtse (Broken Heart) – 2:49
"Инструментал" (Instrumental) – 3:10
"Вечеринка" - Vecherinka (Party get-together) – 3:23
"Дикий мужчина" - Dikiy muzhchina (Wild Man) – 2:26
"Шоу-бизнес" - Shou-biznes (Show Business) – 3:12
"Баян" - Bayan – 1:20
"Дачники" - Dachniki (Farmers) – 2:08
2001 albums
Leningrad (band) albums
Auditorio Telmex (English: Telmex Auditorium, originally Auditorio Metropolitano) is an indoor amphitheatre, located in Zapopan, Jalisco, Mexico.
Telmex, the largest communications company in Mexico, sponsored the auditorium and is one of the main centerpieces of the University Cultural Center, which is a large cultural project created by the University of Guadalajara.
The building was designed by Mexican architect José de Arimatea Moyao and it is located on Parres Arias Av., in Zapopan. Throughout its short history, it has hosted a number of events and concerts and it is considered the main show center in Western Mexico.
History
On September 1, 2007 the auditorium was officially opened with a grand opening event hosted by Plácido Domingo.
During its construction, the University of Guadalajara was supported by the federal government of Mexico, the government of Jalisco, the Municipality of Zapopan, the Chamber of Deputies of Congress and the state Congress.
The auditorium is constructed to suit events both small and large as it is equipped with mechanically movable platforms and the sound stage can be adjusted in size by moving its movable walls. There are also 27 suites built in and an underground parking lot with direct access to the venue is available.
References
External links
http://www.centrocultural.org.mx
Buildings and structures in Guadalajara, Jalisco
Indoor arenas in Mexico
Music venues in Mexico
Theatres in Mexico
Tourist attractions in Guadalajara, Jalisco
CSL Behring is a bio pharmaceutical company, manufacturing plasma-derived and recombination therapeutic products. Its line of therapies includes products for the treatment of bleeding disorders such as hemophilia and von Willebrand Disease; primary immune deficiencies (PIDD); hereditary angioedema; inherited respiratory disease; and neurological disorders. The company's products are also used in cardiac surgery, organ transplantation, burn treatment and to prevent hemolytic diseases in the newborn.
CSL Behring is a combination of Behringwerke, founded in 1904 in Marburg, Germany by Emil von Behring, and the Commonwealth Serum Laboratories (CSL), established in Australia in 1916 to provide vaccines to the people of Australia, as well as other companies acquired since 2004.
About
CSL Behring's parent company, CSL Limited, is headquartered in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. As part of a global alignment, the CSL Behring brand was established in 2007. Previously known as ZLB Behring, the company's history dates back to 1904, when Behringwerke was founded in Germany by Emil von Behring, winner of the first Nobel Prize in Medicine as inventor of serum therapy or serology.
CSL Behring operates CSL Plasma, one of the world's largest plasma collection networks. It has over 12,000 employees, and more than 270 plasma collection centers covering China, the US and Europe.
History
In 1904, Von Behring founded the Behringwerke in Marburg, Germany, for the purpose of experimental work on disease prevention and for the manufacture of sera and vaccines. In 1913, Behringwerke expanded to produce a gas gangrene antiserum and a cholera vaccine.
In 1916, the Commonwealth Serum Laboratories (now CSL Ltd.) were established in Australia with the goal of providing vaccines to the people of Australia and New Zealand. In 1930, CSL released an antivenom for tiger snake bites. In 1944, CSL began producing penicillin for the military and Australia.
In 1954, Australian CSL officer Val Bazeley assisted Jonas Salk with the production of the experimental polio vaccine used in the first clinical trials in the US. Bazeley returned to Australia to set up production of the Salk vaccine at CSL.
In 1981, Behringwerke introduced Haemate, human plasma coagulation factor VIII/von Willebrand factor complex for the treatment of patients with hemophilia A.
In 1991, CSL Limited was incorporated in Australia. In 2004, CSL Limited completed the acquisition of Aventis Behring, combining it with ZLB Bioplasma to create ZLB Behring (later CSL Behring).
In 2007, ZLB Behring became CSL Behring. In 2009, ZLB Plasma changed its name to CSL Plasma to align with its parent company, CSL Behring, and opened the plasma testing laboratories in Knoxville, Tennessee. Also in 2009, the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD) recognized CSL Behring for developing and marketing a treatment in the U.S. for acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency and the Swiss government awarded CSL Behring the Tell Award.
In 2012, the European Organisation for Rare Diseases recognized CSL Behring for its work developing and manufacturing therapies used to treat rare and serious medical conditions with a 2012 EURORDIS Company Award.
Over the past century, CSL Behring has acquired: Aventis Behring, U.S. plasma collector Nabi, which helped form the world's largest plasma collection network in CSL Plasma; Calimmune, a leader in gene-modification and cell-delivery technology; and Vitaeris, a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of Clazakizumab as a potential treatment option for organ transplant recipients experiencing rejection.
In 2021 CSL Behring opened its 300th CSL Plasma processing/donation center in the United States.
Products
Immunology
Beriglobin P, human hepatitis A immunoglobulin, liquid 16% solution for intramuscular injection
Berirab P, human rabies immunoglobulin, liquid 16% solution for intramuscular injection
Carimune NF, Sandoglobulin, Sanglopor human normal immunoglobulin, freeze-dried formulations for intravenous administration
Cytogam, human cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin. Liquid immunoglobulin containing a standardized amount of antibody to cytomegalovirus.
Hepatitis B Immunoglobulin P Behring, human hepatitis B immunoglobulin, liquid 16% solution for intramuscular injection
Hizentra, Human normal immunoglobulin. Liquid 20% immunoglobulin solution, ready-to-use for subcutaneous administration.
Privigen, human polyvalent immunoglobulin, liquid 10% solution for intravenous injection.
Rhophylac human anti-D immunoglobulin. Prefilled syringes of highly purified anti-Rhesus factor D IgG for intravenous administration and intramuscular injection.
Tetagam P, human tetanus immunoglobulin, liquid 16% solution for intramuscular injection
Varicellon P, human varicella immunoglobulin, liquid 16% solution for intramuscular injection
Coagulation/bleeding disorders
Beriate, freeze-dried human coagulationfactor VIII concentrate
Berinin P, freeze-dried human coagulation factor IX concentrate
Beriplex P/N, KCentra, a non-activated 4-Factor Prothrombin complex concentrate (4F-PCC) for urgent Warfarin reversal
Factor X P Behring, a freeze-dried human coagulation factor IX and factor X concentrate
Fibrogammin P and Corifact, freeze-dried human coagulation factor XIII concentrate
Helixate FS and Helixate NexGen, freeze-dried recombinant coagulation factor VIII
Humate-P and Haemate P, freeze-dried human coagulation factor VIII: C and von Willebrand factor concentrate
IDELVION, freeze-dried recombinant coagulation factor IX Albumin fusion protein
Monoclate P, a freeze-dried monoclonal antibody purified human coagulation factor VIII concentrate
Mononine, a freeze-dried human coagulation factor IX that has been purified using monoclonal antibodies
Octostim, a synthetic desmopressin acetate nasal spray
RiaSTAP human coagulation factor I, freeze-dried factor I concentrate
Stimate, a synthetic desmopressin acetate nasal spray
Pulmonary
Zemaira, freeze-dried Human Alpha1-proteinase inhibitor (A1-PI)
Critical care
AlbuRx, Alburex, Human Albumin Behring, Albuminar, human albumin solution (5%, 20% or 25% human albumin solutions)
Berinert P, freeze-dried human C1-esterase inhibitor (C1-INH) concentrate
Beriplex P/N, Kcentra, freeze-dried human prothrombin complex concentrate
Haemocomplettan P, RiaSTAP, freeze-dried human fibrinogen (factor I) concentrate
Kybernin P, freeze-dried human antithrombin III concentrate
Streptase, freeze-dried streptokinase
Wound healing
Beriplast P Combi-Set, fibrin sealant kit, freeze-dried fibrin sealant for topical application
Fibrogammin P, freeze-dried human coagulation factor XIII concentrate
TachoComb, fibrin sealant fleece-type, fleece-type collagen preparations coated with fibrin glue components
(Note: Product availability varies from country to country, depending on registration status.)
Offices
The company is headquartered in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. It has 27,000+ employees in 30 countries. Major manufacturing centers are located in Bern, Switzerland, Marburg, Germany, Kankakee, Illinois, and Broadmeadows, Australia.
References
External links
Biography of Emil von Behring – NobelPrize.org
Companies based in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
Biopharmaceutical companies
Companies with year of establishment missing
Pharmaceutical companies of the United States
XImage is the X client side storage mechanism for an X Window System pixel map. The structure of an XImage as defined by the X Window core protocol is the following:
typedef struct XImage XImage;
struct XImage {
int width, height; /* size of image */
int xoffset; /* number of pixels offset in X direction */
int format; /* XYBitmap, XYPixmap, ZPixmap */
char *data; /* pointer to image data */
int byte_order; /* data byte order, LSBFirst, MSBFirst */
int bitmap_unit; /* quant. of scanline 8, 16, 32 */
int bitmap_bit_order; /* LSBFirst, MSBFirst */
int bitmap_pad; /* 8, 16, 32 either XY or ZPixmap */
int depth; /* depth of image */
int bytes_per_line; /* accelerator to next scanline */
int bits_per_pixel; /* bits per pixel (ZPixmap) */
unsigned long red_mask; /* bits in z arrangement */
unsigned long green_mask;
unsigned long blue_mask;
XPointer obdata; /* hook for the object routines to hang on */
struct funcs { /* image manipulation routines */
XImage *(*create_image)();
int (*destroy_image)();
unsigned long (*get_pixel)();
int (*put_pixel)();
XImage *(*sub_image)();
int (*add_pixel)();
} f;
};
X Window System
SS Richard Halliburton was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. She was named after Richard Halliburton, an American traveler, adventurer, and author.
Construction
Richard Halliburton was laid down on 31 August 1944, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 2323, by J.A. Jones Construction, Panama City, Florida; sponsored by Mrs. Evelyn Marshall, wife of regional MARCOM auditor, and launched on 10 October 1944.
History
She was allocated to Isbrandstsen Steamship Co. Inc., 23 September 1944. On 10 March 1946, she was laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Wilmington, North Carolina.
She was sold for scrapping, 14 March 1961, to Union Minerals and Alloys Corp., for $48,139.89. She was withdrawn from the fleet, 31 May 1961.
References
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Panama City, Florida
1944 ships
Wilmington Reserve Fleet
was a private junior college at Katsushika Ward, Tokyoin Japan. It was succeeded by the newly established Tokyo Seiei College.
History
Olympia Gakuen was established in 1947.
The Seitoku Advanced School of Nutrition (高等栄養学校) is founded in 1954. It was named after the 7th-century regent Shōtoku. Shō (Go'on reading) can also be read sei (Kan'on reading), the latter was chosen for this school.
It was reorganized into the Seitoku Vocational School of Nutrition (栄養専門学校 Eiyō Senmon-gakkō) in 1957.
Seitoku Junior College of Nutrition (栄養短期大学) was established 1963. The first year included 50 students, including 5 males.
The evening school was set up in 1964.
The Department of Food and Nutrition was renamed Department of Food and Nutritional Studies in 1969.
The special training program on food studies was set up in 1972, but was abolished in 1983.
In 1986, the Department of Food and Nutritional Studies was separated into:
major in Nutritional Studies
major in Food Science
It became officially co-educational in 1987; however, in practice, it remained effectively a women's university.
The advanced course food nourishment major in 1996 is set up.
Endeavours were undertaken to make it more co-ed again in 2001.
Professional confectionery, baking, and cooking classes were offered as part of the food science major in 2003.
It stopped recruiting new students in the fiscal year 2004 and would be eventually replaced by Tokyo Seiei College.
Subjects
Food nourishment
Day school
Food nourishment major
Food science major
Nighttime: started in 1985, with 20 students, of whom 4 were males.
Advanced course
Food nourishment major
Special course
The food major: with cook training facilities.
Universities and colleges in Tokyo
Educational institutions established in 1963
Japanese junior colleges
Private universities and colleges in Japan
1963 establishments in Japan
David Joseph Braithwaite (16 April 1937 – 18 March 2021) was a New Zealand politician. He was mayor of Hamilton from 2001 to 2004.
Braithwaite was born in Hamilton on 16 April 1937. Both of his parents were prominent in civic life in Hamilton. His father, Roderick Braithwaite, served as mayor of Hamilton, between 1953 and 1959; and his mother, Kathleen Braithwaite (née Arey), was a city councillor from 1962 to 1974, including a period as deputy mayor.
In the 1992 Queen's Birthday Honours, Braithwaite was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire, for services to the Trustbank organisation and the community.
Braithwaite died in Hamilton on 18 March 2021, aged 83.
References
1937 births
2021 deaths
Mayors of Hamilton, New Zealand
New Zealand Officers of the Order of the British Empire
David
The 7th Filmfare Awards were held in 1960.
Anari won 5 awards, including Best Actor (for Raj Kapoor) and Best Supporting Actress (for Lalita Pawar), thus becoming the most-awarded film at the ceremony.
Main Awards
Best Film
Sujata
Best Director
Bimal Roy - Sujata
Best Actor
Raj Kapoor - Anari
Best Actress
Nutan - Sujata
Best Supporting Actor - Male
Manmohan Krishna - Dhool Ka Phool
Best Supporting Actor - Female
Lalita Pawar - Anari
Best Music
Shankar Jaikishan - Anari
Best Lyrics
Shailendra - Anari for "Sab Kuch Seekha Humne"
Best Playback Singer
Mukesh - Anari for "Sab Kuch Seekha Humne"
Technical Awards
Best Cinematography
V.K. Murthy for Kaagaz Ke Phool
Best Art Direction
M.R. Acharekar for Kaagaz Ke Phool
Best Dialogue
Ramanand Sagar for Paigham
See also
Filmfare Awards
References
External links
7th Filmfare awards
Filmfare Awards
Filmfare
1960 in Indian cinema
Sergo Kukhianidze (; born 23 April 1999) is a Georgian footballer who plays as a forward for Samgurali Tskhaltubo and the Georgia national team.
Career
Kukhianidze is a former Georgian youth international. In May 2021, Georgia national team head coach Willy Sagnol named him in the squad for friendlies against Romania and Netherlands. He made his debut on 6 June in a 0–3 defeat against the Netherlands.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Footballers from Georgia (country)
Georgia (country) international footballers
Georgia (country) under-21 international footballers
Erovnuli Liga players
Deerpath Hill Estates is a residential development in western Lake Forest, Illinois. Developer Henry K. Turnbull and architect Stanley D. Anderson planned and built the original development in 1926. Turnbull and Anderson designed the development according to the principles of the City Beautiful Movement and the ideas of Howard Van Doren Shaw, Anderson's mentor. The individual houses were designed in popular revivalist styles, including English Tudor, Colonial, and French Norman. The development was the first in Lake Forest to be planned and controlled entirely by its developer.
History
Turnbull and Anderson expanded their development multiple times after its opening. Turnbull purchased the McKinlock estate in 1928 for the First Addition. The Second Addition came in 1929–30, when Turnbull bought and redeveloped the Frank Hibbard Estate; only one house in this addition, at 380 Chiltern Drive, was designed by Anderson. Another house built by Turnbull at 965 Castlegate Court is just outside the First Addition and marked the northern entrance to the estate. The Great Depression bankrupted Turnbull and his development, and no new development occurred at the estates until the 1950s.
The original development and the First Addition are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Deerpath Hill Estates Historic District. In addition, the Frank Hibbard Estate House and the Turnbull-built houses at 380 Chiltern Drive and 965 Castlegate Court are individually listed in the National Register.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Colonial Revival architecture in Illinois
Tudor Revival architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1926
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Houses in Lake County, Illinois
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
James Spence Medal is a medal that was first struck in 1960, six years after the death of the paediatrician James Calvert Spence and is awarded for outstanding contributions to the advancement or clarification of paediatric knowledge and is the highest honour bestowed by The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health.
Recipients
See also
List of medicine awards
References
Awards established in 1960
British science and technology awards
Medicine awards
Paediatrics in the United Kingdom
The ARM Cortex-X2 is a microarchitecture implementing the ARMv9-A 64-bit instruction set designed by ARM Holdings' Austin design centre as part of ARM's Cortex-X Custom (CXC) program.
Architecture changes in comparison with ARM Cortex-X1
The processor implements the following changes:
10 cycle pipelines down from 11, created by reducing the dispatch stage from 2 cycles to 1
reorder buffer increased by 30% from 224 entries to 288
dTLB increased by 20% from 40 entries to 48
SVE2 SIMD support
Bfloat16 data type support
Support for Aarch32 removed
Comparing the Cortex-X2 with 8MB of L3 cache to the Cortex-X1 with 4MB of L3 cache:
16% greater integer performance
100% greater ML performance
Usage
MediaTek Dimensity 9000/9000+
Qualcomm Snapdragon 8/8+ Gen 1
Samsung Exynos 2200
See also
ARM Cortex-A710, related high performance microarchitecture
References
ARM architecture
Microarchitectures
Komaritsa () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 10 as of 2002.
Geography
Komaritsa is located 59 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Toporikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Bruqin () is a Palestinian town located 13 kilometers west of Salfit in the Salfit Governorate of the northern West Bank and adjacent to the Israeli settlement of Bruchin. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of 3,236 in 2007. Bruqin used to be on a camel-trading route. There is evidence of Roman rule in the city due to the presence of three ancient pools and a tomb.
The main families of the town are Barakat, Sabra, Samara and Khater
Location
Bruqin is located west of Salfit. It is bordered by Salfit and Farkha to the east, Qarawat Bani Zaid, Kafr 'Ein and Bani Zeid to the south, Kafr ad Dik to the west, and Haris and Sarta to the north.
History
Bruqin is an ancient site. Here French explorer Victor Guérin found a large number of cut stones in the walls of modern houses, and an ancient tomb near the village with two sepulchral chambers.
Sherds from the Byzantine, Umayyad, Crusader/Ayyubid and Mamluk eras have been found here.
Ottoman era
The place appeared in 1596 Ottoman tax registers as Bruqin, being in the Nahiya of Jabal Qubal of the Liwa of Nablus. It had a population of 16 households, all Muslim. The villagers paid a fixed tax rate of 33,3% on wheat, barley, summer crops, olives, and goats or beehives, in addition for a press for olives or grapes; a total of 2,000 Akçes.
In 1838, Edward Robinson noted it as a village, Berukin, in the Jurat Merda district, south of Nablus.
In 1870, Victor Guérin estimated that the village had 300 inhabitants.
In 1882, PEF's Survey of Western Palestine, the village (called Berukin) was described as a "moderate-sized village on the end of a spur, with a steep slope to the valley beneath, in which are springs just below the houses. On the south are caves, on the north olives."
British Mandate era
In the 1922 census of Palestine conducted by the British Mandate authorities, Bruqin had a population of 367, all Muslims, increasing in the 1931 census to 534, again all Muslim, in a total of 90 houses.
In the 1945 statistics the population was 690, all Muslims, while the total land area was 12,628 dunams, according to an official land and population survey. Of this, 3,175 were allocated for plantations and irrigable land, 2,301 for cereals, while 28 dunams were classified as built-up areas.
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements, Bruqin came under Jordanian rule.
In 1961, the population was 1,141.
Post-1967
Since the Six-Day War in 1967, Bruqin has been under Israeli occupation. Its villagers state that after 1987, the toxic output from Israeli industries located in settlement areas has produced chronic health problems for local Palestinians.
Occupation of village lands
After the 1995 accords, 8.4% of village land is defined as being in Area A, 35.8% in Area B, while the remainder 55.8% is in Area C. In 1981, Israel confiscated 684 dunams of village land for the Barqan Industrial Zone, and in 1990 confiscated 332 dunums of village land for the Israeli settlement of Bruchin.
In 2014 the Shomron Regional Council began work to develop a 25-acre farm on a hill just northwest of Bruqin, forming part of 110 acres belonging to the nearby Palestinian villages of Adiq and Biddya. Though Adiq is in Area A, under Palestinian jurisdiction, its village lands lie in Area C, where Palestinian construction is prohibited, and which Israel declared its state land in 1985. Access to the farmland is through Bruqin's land, which is planted with their olive groves. The apparent intent is to create territorial continuity between the Green line and the Israeli settlement of Ariel, via new settlements such as Leshem and Bruchin. According to Bruqin villages, use of the access road is illegal, and Israel is blocking the villages' own roads to Sarta.
Economy
Around 70% of working-age males were employed in Israel as laborers prior to the Second Intifada. Today, the unemployment rate is 80%. There is agricultural work it is seasonal. Around 150 out of 500 families are dependent on aid, from the Red Cross or the Social Affairs Ministry of the Palestinian National Authority. There are two mosques, a youth club and a gym in the town. There are also three schools in the town, including an all-girls school for grades 1 to 12, a boys primary and secondary school and a boys high school. For hospital care, residents travel to Ramallah, but for emergency treatment they go to nearby Salfit.
Bruqin depends primarily on agriculture to meet its basic needs. The town's total land area is 13,237 dunams, of which 1,336 dunams is built-up area. Around 1,200 dunams are planted with orchards, especially olive, about 3,000 dunams of land is used for shepherding while approximately 8,000 dunams are used for settlement purposes, including settlements and by-pass roads.
Government
Bruqin is governed by a municipal council led by the mayor Ekremah M. Samara, who succeeded Ghassan Sabra. Elections are scheduled to occur every four years however, there has not been an election since 1996. The municipal council states the "[Israeli] occupation" as the reason.
References
Bibliography
External links
Welcome To Buruqin/Ibruqin
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 14: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Bruqin Village Profile, iwps.info
Bruqin Town (Fact Sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem (ARIJ)
Bruqin Town Profile, ARIJ
Bruqin photo, ARIJ
Development Priorities and Needs in Bruqin, ARIJ
Bruchin settlement expands on lands of Bruqin village 08, October, 2011, POICA
Torching 340 Trees in Bruqin – Salfit Governorate 14, November, 2011, POICA
Salfit Governorate
Towns in Salfit Governorate
Municipalities of West Bank
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Yuvacık is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1995.
First line series
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:00 to 8:00 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:35 to 10:35 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:35 to 11:05 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Other series
References
External links
TVB.com Official Website
TVB Portal.com 1995 TVB Sales Presentation
TVB dramas
1995 in Hong Kong television
Sarısu, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Aleksander Koj (26 February 1935 – 29 December 2016) was a Polish physician and scientist, a member of Polish Academy of Learning and Polish Academy of Sciences, honorary doctor of Cleveland University and University of Hartford.
He was a rector of Jagiellonian University for three cadences: 1987–1990, 1993–1996 and 1996–1999.
In his scientific work he is known for researches in the field of immunology, zymology and molecular biology. In 1996 he received Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science for his researches on acute-phase protein.
In 1976 he was decorated with a Knight's Cross, in 1999 with an Officer's Cross, and in 2011 with a Commander's Cross of Polonia Restituta.
References
1935 births
2016 deaths
People from Olesno County
Members of the Polish Academy of Sciences
Members of the Polish Academy of Learning
Polish immunologists
Polish biochemists
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Gaby Emile Layoun (born 1 November 1964, Zahle) was the Lebanese Minister of Culture, announced as part of the cabinet led by Najib Mikati. He represents the Free Patriotic Movement.
Layoun is married and has two children. He holds a diploma in engineering, a Lebanese Baccalaureate in mathematics (1982) and a Sacred Heart of the city of Zahle.
Phoenician port in Beirut
In June 2012, Gaby Layoun came under harsh criticism in the press and from activists concerning the demolition of an alleged Phoenician port of Beirut. Controversy arose on June 27, 2012 when authorization was given to a private company called Venus Towers Real Estate Development Company to destroy the ruins in the construction of three skyscrapers and a garden at site BEY194 in Mina al-Hosn, behind Hotel Monroe in downtown Beirut. The suggested port had been classified as "cultural heritage" by previous minister Salim Wardeh after a report by Hisham Sayegh, a B.A. graduate from the Lebanese University. An international committee of archaeologists was appointed by Layoun, including Hanz Curver. Ralph Pederson a member of the Institute of Nautical Archaeology, now teaching at the University of Marburg in Germany also prepared an expert report for Venus. Both international and expert reports disputed Sayegh's findings and concluded that the site was not a port or dry dock. The data from Sayegh was afterwards dismissed by the head of the excavation department at the ministry of culture Assaad Seif as being not at all reliable with many inconsistencies in the stratigraphy and the dating.
The destruction of archaeological site BEY194 took place two days prior to the publication of Minister Layoun's decision in the official Gazette, leading to claims that he acted in violation of Lebanese law and setting a concerning precedent for similar actions in the future. The ministry maintains that the declassification of the site was done through the legal procedures adopted by the governmental institutions. Hisham Sayegh's contract with the Ministry was not renewed and Sayegh was fired based on a decision of the council of public service disciplinary board. On 27 June he claimed to have resigned in a letter that accused Venus Towers of attempted bribery to falsify scientific information. "I refused with previous culture ministers bribes that have been generously offered by the Venus company, the owner of the land so that we would agree to falsify scientific truth and divert the origin and significance of this discovery at the heart of the capital Beirut".
The Phoenician port or harbor of Beirut has been reliably located under Rue Foch and Rue Allenby. It was excavated and findings were published by Josette Elayi and Hussein Sayegh in 2000, it is now buried under the city.
Amin Maalouf's House in Badaro
Another controversial decision was the one that led to the demolition on Jan 3, 2013 of the house of the celebrated Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf in Beirut's Badaro neighborhood. Although Layoun's initial decision was not to approve the decision to replace the 80-year-old building with a skyscraper, Layoun decided otherwise on Oct. 23, 2012: “The Culture Ministry approves the destruction of the building on plot 3696 in Mazraa since the building belongs to the transitional period of the French mandate and its architecture does not have any unique traditional techniques.” According to the Daily Star newspaper, the building which embodies the "art deco style" characteristic of Italian and French architecture was en vogue in the 1930s and 1940s in Lebanon. The land was purchased in 2011 by the Kettaneh Group which has now demolished the building.
Roman Gate of Ancient Beirut
The most recent unfolding controversy has to do with the decision to continue with the so-called "Landmark project", a project in Riad al-Solh Square (by the French architect Jean Nouvel) that would feature, among others, a 42-storey tower (with hotels and apartments) on a site where archeologists believed to have discovered the Roman gate of ancient Berytus (the Roman name of Beirut) dating back to the 1st century A.D. Based on expert opinion, Mr. Layoun included the site on the historical monuments list which halted the giant mall and hotel project.
References
External links
Al Jadeed Interview with Gaby Layoun concerning the Phoenician port issue mentioning that Hisham Sayegh is still an employee at minute 38 (in Arabic)
Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage
Living people
People from Zahle
Culture ministers of Lebanon
Free Patriotic Movement politicians
Greek Orthodox Christians from Lebanon
1964 births
Kozan, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
The 2019–20 season is Unión Santa Fe's 6th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina, Copa de la Superliga and Copa Sudamericana.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
On 20 June 2019, Unión Santa Fe announced that a deal, subject to personal terms and medicals, had been agreed for the transfers of Emanuel Brítez and Diego Zabala to Rosario Central. A day later, a similar agreement was reached with San Lorenzo for the sales of Bruno and Mauro Pittón. The departures of Brítez and Zabala were completed on 21 June, with the previously mentioned brothers following suit on 22 June. After four outgoings, Unión revealed their first incoming on 25 June in goalkeeper Sebastián Moyano from La Plata's Gimnasia y Esgrima. Jonatan Fleita's loan deal with Nueva Chicago was extended for a further season on 25 June. On 28 June, Unión communicated that they had earned $6.125m from the sales of Brítez, Zabala and the Pittón brothers.
Ezequiel Bonifacio joined the club on 29 June, signing from Gimnasia y Esgrima; à la Moyano. A fifth player left on 30 June, as Franco Fragapane went to Talleres. Numerous loans from the previous campaign officially expired on and around 30 June. Franco Troyansky converted a penalty as Unión beat Godoy Cruz in a pre-season friendly on 3 July, though lost the secondary encounter by two goals. Damián Martínez, who spent the last two campaigns on loan from Independiente, was signed permanently on 3 July. A transaction with Patronato for Gabriel Carabajal was confirmed on 4 July, with the right midfielder penning a three-year contract. Joaquín Papaleo was loaned, for a career third time, to Santamarina. Unión beat Cosmos FC in friendlies on 10 July.
Right midfielder Santiago Lebus headed off to All Boys on 10 July, a day prior to Federico Andrada's exit to Aldosivi. No goals were scored in two exhibition matches between Unión and Rosario Central on 13 July. Veteran goalkeeper Nereo Fernández switched Unión for Atlético de Rafaela on 16 July. Jalil Elías arrived on loan from Newell's Old Boys on 17 July. Federico Milo became their sixth reinforcement for the new campaign, as he was loaned from Arsenal de Sarandí. Boca Juniors's Walter Bou penned a loan contract with Unión on 23 July.
July
Unión Santa Fe travelled to reigning champions Racing Club on matchday one of their league campaign, subsequently securing a goalless draw on 26 July. Juan Cavallaro made a move from recently relegated Tigre on 30 July.
August
On 2 August, Matías García signed for Chacarita Juniors. Goals from Walter Bou and Yeimar Gómez Andrade secured Unión victory in game two, on 4 August, in the Primera División over Defensa y Justicia. Unión played Sarmiento in friendlies on 9 August, with a 1–1 draw preceding a 0–1 loss. Facundo Britos became a new player of Atlético de Rafaela on 12 August. After a draw and a win in the Primera División, Unión experienced their first league loss on 17 August to Newell's Old Boys. Another defeat arrived a week later, as Lanús condemned them to a 1–2 scoreline. Unión lost again on 31 August, this time to San Lorenzo after a winning goal from ex-player Bruno Pittón.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Unión Santa Fe, on 14 June 2019, revealed friendly matches with Godoy Cruz and Rosario Central that were set for 3 July and 13 July respectively. They'd also meet local Santa Fe team Cosmos FC on 10 July.
Mid-season
Unión Santa Fe held exhibition games with Sarmiento on 9 August.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Sudamericana
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Unión de Santa Fe seasons
Unión Santa Fe
Robert Hibbert (25 October 1769 – 23 September 1849) was the founder of the Hibbert Trust.
Biography
The third and posthumous son of John Hibbert (1732–1769), a Jamaica merchant, and Janet, daughter of Samuel Gordon, he was born in Jamaica; hence he spoke of himself as a Creole. His mother died early.
Between 1784 and 1788, he was a pupil of Gilbert Wakefield at Nottingham. He entered Emmanuel College, Cambridge, in 1788, and graduated B.A. in 1791. At Cambridge he formed a lifelong friendship with William Frend, the social reformer.
At a later period (1800–01), when Wakefield was imprisoned in Dorchester for writing a political pamphlet, Hibbert, though not wealthy then, sent him £1,000.
In 1791, Hibbert went to Kingston, Jamaica, as partner in a mercantile house (a trading partnership, Hibbert, Purrier and Horton) founded by his cousin Thomas (not to be confused with his father's eldest brother, Thomas Hibbert). Another cousin, George Hibbert, son of another Robert Hibbert (1717-1784) was one of the principals of the West India Dock Company which instigated the construction of the docks of that name on London's Isle of Dogs.
Returning to England in about 1803, he bought the estate of East Hide (now called Hyde), near Luton, Bedfordshire.
In Jamaica, he had acquired considerable property (in 1791 he purchased two sugar plantations, Georgia and Dundee, both in Hanover Parish) and he was not convinced by the arguments of Frend that his ownership of slaves was immoral. Besides plans for their material benefit, he sent out as a missionary to the negroes on his estates, in October 1817, Thomas Cooper (died 25 October 1880, aged 88). Cooper, a Unitarian minister recommended by Frend, remained on the island until 1821, endeavouring, with little success, to improve their moral and religious condition. A somewhat acrimonious controversy followed the publication of Cooper's report.
After 1825, Hibbert's Jamaica property declined in value and in about 1836 he sold it at considerable loss. He had previously (1833) sold his Bedfordshire estate and moved to London. He died at Welbeck Street, London, on 23 September 1849, and was buried in Kensal Green Cemetery. While in Jamaica, he married Elizabeth Jane, daughter of John Nembhard, M.D., who died on 15 February 1853.
Hibbert Trust
On 19 July 1847, Hibbert executed a deed conveying to trustees $50,000 in 6% Ohio stock, and £8,000 in railway shares. The trustees, on the death of his widow, were to apply the income 'in such manner as they shall from time to time deem most conducive to the spread of Christianity in its most simple and intelligible form, and to the unfettered exercise of the right of private judgment in matters of religion'. The trustees were always to be laymen. Appended was a scheme for the administration of the trust, which the trustees were empowered to revise, and were directed to revise at least once in every twenty-five years.
In the original scheme the trust was called 'the Anti-trinitarian Fund', and its object was, by a provision of divinity scholarships, to encourage learning and culture among unorthodox Christians. The breadth of the actual trust is largely due to the counsels of Hibbert's solicitor, Edwin Wilkins Field, but, in opposition to Field, Hibbert 'determined on insisting that all recipients should be hetero-dox', his intention being 'to elevate the position and the public influence of the unitarian ministry'.
In addition to scholarships and fellowships, the number and conditions of which are settled by the trustees from year to year, the trust, from the revision of 1878 until 1887, maintained an annual Hibbert Lecture, the first series being delivered by Professor Max Muller in 1878; between 1902 and 1968 it issued The Hibbert Journal, a quarterly magazine.
Works
Facts Verified upon Oath, in contradiction of the Report of the Rev. T. Cooper, &c., 1824, 8vo.
A political paper, "Why am I a Liberal?" (about 1831) signed 'John Smith', reprinted in Murch's Memoir
A newspaper address "To the Chartists of England", 1840, advocating the abolition of the Corn Laws and the adoption of the ballot.
References
Monthly Repository, 1822, pp. 217 sq.
Christian Reformer, 1853, pp. 246 sq.
Murch's Memoir of Hibbert, with a Sketch of the history of the Trust, 1874.
Jamaican Unitarians
1770 births
1849 deaths
Alumni of Emmanuel College, Cambridge
West Indies merchants
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
Copper(I) sulfide is a copper sulfide, a chemical compound of copper and sulfur. It has the chemical compound Cu2S. It is found in nature as the mineral chalcocite. It has a narrow range of stoichiometry ranging from Cu1.997S to Cu2.000S.
Preparation and reactions
Cu2S can be prepared by heating copper strongly in sulfur vapour or H2S. The reaction of copper powder in molten sulfur rapidly produces Cu2S, whereas pellets of copper require much higher temperature.
Cu2S reacts with oxygen to form SO2:
2 Cu2S + 3 O2 → 2 Cu2O + 2 SO2
In the production of copper two thirds of the molten copper sulfide is oxidised as above, and the Cu2O reacts with unoxidised Cu2S to give Cu metal:
Cu2S + 2 Cu2O → 6 Cu + SO2
Structure
There are two forms of Cu2S: a low temperature monoclinic form ("low-chalcocite") which has a complex structure with 96 copper atoms in the unit cell and a hexagonal form stable above 104 °C. In this structure there are 24 crystallographically distinct Cu atoms and the structure has been described as approximating to a hexagonal close packed array of sulfur atoms with Cu atoms in planar 3 coordination. This structure was initially assigned an orthorhombic cell due to the twinning of the sample crystal.
There is also a crystallographically-distinct phase (the mineral djurleite) with stoichiometry Cu1.96S which is non-stoichiometric (range Cu1.934S-Cu1.965S) and has a monoclinic structure with 248 copper and 128 sulfur atoms in the unit cell. Cu2S and Cu1.96S are similar in appearance and hard to distinguish one from another.
See also
Copper sulfide for an overview of all copper sulfide phases
Copper monosulfide, CuS
Chalcocite
Djurleite
References
Sulfide minerals
Sulfides
Copper(I) compounds
Non-stoichiometric compounds
ja:硫化銅
tr:Bakır(I) sülfür
Thangching or Thangjing is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
He is the ruling deity of the Moirang dynasty of Ancient Moirang. He rules supreme on the banks of the landlocked sea, Loktak lake. He is one of the four cardinal Umang Lais.
The guardianship of the south western direction is alluded to Thangjing and the other directions to Koubru (north west), Marjing (north east) and Wangbren (south east).
Two of his most prominent pantheons are the Thangching Temple and the Thangching Hill (Thangjing Peak).
Origin
God Thangjing is a deity of pre-Hindu origin.
The Moirang Ningthourol Lambuba mentioned that Moirang was the amalgamation of different groups of people with different traditional beliefs. During the reign of King Fang Fang Ponglenhanpa (52 BC- 28 AD), all the diversities were merged into one with God Thangjing as the central figure.
When the cult of God Thangjing was merged into the Umang Laism, the folk deities associated with God Thangjing began to be identified with other Umang Lais. One example is that of goddess Ayang Leima Ahal and goddess Ayang Leima Atonpi. These two goddesses were originally associated with fertility and agriculture. This fact is evident in the ritualistic songs praising them. Later, these two female deities were identified as the consorts of God Thangjing.
When God Thangjing was identified as an Umang Lai, the identity of the two goddesses was associated with that of goddess Panthoibi. Thus, the new identity of Goddess Ayang Leima Panthoibi was formed.
Description
Thangjing is described as the Lord of the tiger hunters. The Moirang Ningthourol Lambuba describes God Thangjing as the Divine Chief of Koireng people, the Progenitor of Kege Clan, the Protector of all the domestic as well as wild animals and the Lord of Mahui tribe.
The history of Moirang is always associated with the godly powers of Thangjing. Thangjing is a living God to the people of Ancient Moirang. The epic legend of the Khamba Thoibi is always related to God Thangjing. The ancient temple dedicated to Thangjing still stands on the banks of Loktak lake in the present day Moirang.
Mythology
In the legendary epic Khamba Thoibi, Lord Thangjing always stands for righteousness and as a saviour of Khamba.
Thangjing sent Phouoibi to Kege Moirang (Keke Moilang) to prosper the human world.
When goddess Panthoibi was searching for her beloved Nongpok Ningthou, she asked God Thangjing and God Wangbren about the whereabouts of Nongpok Ningthou.
To Thangjing, she said:
O! Thangjing,
Supreme God of Moirang,
Loktak is your mirror,
My beloved Nongpok has gone like a wind,
Like a cattle looking for its herd,
I am looking for my beloved.
Please tell me
Does he come to your country?
Worship
Thangching had been worshipped since ancient times. Still today, there is an ancient shrine at Moirang. An annual ritual festival known as Thangjing Haraoba is held early in summer in honor of the God.
During the annual Thangjing Lai Haraoba festival, traditional dances and sports are performed as rituals. The performers follow the ancient customs of wearing the traditional attires of the royal lords and ladies. The festival is celebrated during the Meitei lunar month of Kalen. It continues for a week. Meiteis from all over Manipur visit the Thangjing Temple in Moirang.
Namesakes
In flora
The Thangjing plant (Euryale ferox) is an aquatic plant that bears edible seeds. Its seeds are called "foxnuts" and are one of the most popular food items in Meitei cuisine of Manipur.
In geography
The Thangching Peak (Thangjing Hill) is one of the four peaks, the others being the Koubru (after God Koubru), the Kounu (after Goddess Kounu) and the Loyalakpa (after God Loyalakpa). These peaks are the holy places of worship of the Meitei ethnicity. Their names are derived from the names of the deities whom the Meiteis worship at the peaks.
See also
Koupalu (Koubru) - north west protector
Marjing - north east protector
Wangbren - south east protector
References
External links
English Wikisource
INTERNET ARCHIVE
E-pao.net
Abundance gods
Agricultural gods
Animal gods
Arts gods
Crafts gods
Creator gods
Dance gods
Earth gods
Fertility gods
Fortune gods
Guardians of the directions
Harvest gods
Health gods
Hunting gods
Kings in Meitei mythology
Life-death-rebirth gods
Love and lust gods
Magic gods
Maintenance gods
Marriage gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Mountain gods
Music and singing gods
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature gods
Ningthou
Oracular gods
Pastoral gods
Peace gods
Savior gods
Sky and weather gods
Sports gods
Time and fate gods
Trickster gods
Tutelary gods
Peter Lorillard may refer to:
Pierre Abraham Lorillard, New York City businessman, also called Peter Abraham Lorillard and Peter Lorillard
Pierre Lorillard II, New York City businessman, also called Peter Lorillard
The Braille pattern dots-346 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top right and both bottom dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top right and both lower-middle dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+282c, and in Braille ASCII with the plus sign: +.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-346 is used to represent velar nasals, ie /ŋ/, and otherwise as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-346 are Braille patterns 3467, 3468, and 34678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 578, 1578, 4578, and 14578 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-346, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0346, 3467, and 03467 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 578, 1578, 4578, or 14578
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-346 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- ゆ/彳 = 行
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + ゆ/彳 = 憂
- selector 2 + ゆ/彳 = 罔
- selector 3 + ゆ/彳 = 臾
- selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 至
- selector 4 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 隶
- selector 5 + ゆ/彳 = 兪
- selector 6 + ゆ/彳 = 弯
- selector 6 + selector 6 + ゆ/彳 = 彎
- ゆ/彳 + selector 1 = 弓
- selector 1 + ゆ/彳 + selector 1 = 弖
- ゆ/彳 + selector 3 = 彳
- ゆ/彳 + selector 4 = 引
- ゆ/彳 + selector 5 = 弔
Compounds of 行
- ゆ/彳 + き/木 = 桁
- ゆ/彳 + に/氵 = 術
- ゆ/彳 + つ/土 = 街
- ゆ/彳 + え/訁 = 衛
- ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 + え/訁 = 衞
- ゆ/彳 + り/分 = 衝
- ゆ/彳 + せ/食 = 衡
- れ/口 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 哘
- つ/土 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 垳
- る/忄 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 愆
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 絎
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 衍
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 衒
- ゆ/彳 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 衙
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + い/糹/#2 = 衢
- ね/示 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 裄
- か/金 + 龸 + ゆ/彳 = 銜
- ゆ/彳 + う/宀/#3 + せ/食 = 鵆
Compounds of 憂
- 比 + ゆ/彳 = 優
- て/扌 + selector 1 + ゆ/彳 = 擾
Compounds of 罔
- ゐ/幺 + ゆ/彳 = 網
Compounds of 臾
- ゑ/訁 + ゆ/彳 = 諛
- ⺼ + selector 3 + ゆ/彳 = 腴
- 心 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 萸
Compounds of 至 and 隶
- ゆ/彳 + ぬ/力 = 到
- な/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 倒
- き/木 + ゆ/彳 + ぬ/力 = 椡
- う/宀/#3 + ゆ/彳 = 室
- 心 + う/宀/#3 + ゆ/彳 = 榁
- ⺼ + う/宀/#3 + ゆ/彳 = 腟
- と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 屋
- て/扌 + ゆ/彳 = 握
- し/巿 + と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 幄
- に/氵 + と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 渥
- ん/止 + と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 齷
- 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 窒
- ⺼ + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 膣
- 氷/氵 + ゆ/彳 = 致
- い/糹/#2 + 氷/氵 + ゆ/彳 = 緻
- よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 康
- る/忄 + よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 慷
- の/禾 + よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 糠
- せ/食 + よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 鱇
- ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 粛
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 肅
- れ/口 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 嘯
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 瀟
- ち/竹 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 簫
- 心 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 蕭
- い/糹/#2 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 繍
- ひ/辶 + ゆ/彳 = 逮
- ち/竹 + ひ/辶 + ゆ/彳 = 靆
- ね/示 + ゆ/彳 = 隷
- ね/示 + ね/示 + ゆ/彳 = 隸
- れ/口 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 咥
- つ/土 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 垤
- ふ/女 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 姪
- き/木 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 桎
- と/戸 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 耋
- む/車 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 蛭
- 心 + 龸 + ゆ/彳 = 棣
- ゆ/彳 + け/犬 + の/禾 = 臻
- む/車 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 輊
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鵄
Compounds of 兪
- れ/口 + ゆ/彳 = 喩
- る/忄 + ゆ/彳 = 愉
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 = 癒
- や/疒 + や/疒 + ゆ/彳 = 瘉
- え/訁 + ゆ/彳 = 諭
- む/車 + ゆ/彳 = 輸
- 心 + selector 5 + ゆ/彳 = 楡
- へ/⺩ + selector 5 + ゆ/彳 = 瑜
- む/車 + selector 5 + ゆ/彳 = 蝓
- な/亻 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 偸
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + 心 = 愈
- て/扌 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 揄
- に/氵 + 龸 + ゆ/彳 = 渝
- ゆ/彳 + め/目 + 宿 = 覦
- み/耳 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 踰
- ひ/辶 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 逾
- か/金 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 鍮
Compounds of 弯 and 彎
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 = 湾
- に/氵 + に/氵 + ゆ/彳 = 灣
Compounds of 弓 and 弖
- ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 弱
- ふ/女 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 嫋
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 嵶
- て/扌 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 搦
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 溺
- 心 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 蒻
- せ/食 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 鰯
- ゆ/彳 + ち/竹 = 弛
- ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 夷
- ふ/女 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 姨
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 洟
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 痍
- か/金 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 銕
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 = 弦
- ゆ/彳 + こ/子 = 弧
- ゆ/彳 + と/戸 = 張
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + と/戸 = 漲
- ゆ/彳 + む/車 = 強
- い/糹/#2 + ゆ/彳 + む/車 = 繦
- ね/示 + ゆ/彳 + む/車 = 襁
- ゆ/彳 + れ/口 = 弾
- ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 + れ/口 = 彈
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + selector 1 = 泓
- う/宀/#3 + ゆ/彳 + selector 1 = 穹
- み/耳 + ゆ/彳 + selector 1 = 躬
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + む/車 = 弘
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + 龸 = 弥
- ゆ/彳 + ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 弩
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + み/耳 = 弭
- ゆ/彳 + ら/月 + ら/月 = 弸
- ゆ/彳 + 数 + め/目 = 弼
- ゆ/彳 + 比 + か/金 = 彁
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + た/⽥ = 彊
- ゆ/彳 + 囗 + め/目 = 彌
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + た/⽥ = 疆
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + の/禾 = 粥
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + れ/口 = 鬻
Compounds of 彳
- ゆ/彳 + の/禾 = 役
- ゆ/彳 + ひ/辶 = 彼
- ゆ/彳 + へ/⺩ = 往
- ゆ/彳 + い/糹/#2 = 征
- ゆ/彳 + け/犬 = 径
- ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 + け/犬 = 徑
- ゆ/彳 + し/巿 = 待
- ゆ/彳 + ふ/女 = 律
- 心 + ゆ/彳 + ふ/女 = 葎
- ゆ/彳 + ゐ/幺 = 後
- ゆ/彳 + も/門 = 徐
- ゆ/彳 + は/辶 = 徒
- ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 従
- ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 從
- る/忄 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 慫
- 心 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 樅
- み/耳 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 蹤
- ゆ/彳 + み/耳 = 聳
- ゆ/彳 + 日 = 得
- ゆ/彳 + 火 = 徘
- ゆ/彳 + さ/阝 = 御
- ね/示 + ゆ/彳 + さ/阝 = 禦
- ゆ/彳 + す/発 = 復
- ゆ/彳 + め/目 = 循
- ゆ/彳 + 氷/氵 = 微
- 心 + ゆ/彳 + 氷/氵 = 薇
- ゆ/彳 + ろ/十 = 徳
- ゆ/彳 + や/疒 = 徴
- ゆ/彳 + 心 = 懲
- ゆ/彳 + ら/月 = 徹
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 彷
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + め/目 = 彿
- ゆ/彳 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 徂
- ゆ/彳 + せ/食 + い/糹/#2 = 徃
- ゆ/彳 + 日 + す/発 = 徇
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + や/疒 = 很
- ゆ/彳 + 囗 + れ/口 = 徊
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + ん/止 = 徙
- ゆ/彳 + き/木 + な/亻 = 徠
- ゆ/彳 + 日 + へ/⺩ = 徨
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + か/金 = 徭
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + 氷/氵 = 徼
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + ゐ/幺 = 徽
- ゆ/彳 + し/巿 + く/艹 = 黴
Compounds of 引
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 + selector 4 = 矧
- む/車 + ゆ/彳 + selector 4 = 蚓
Compounds of 弔
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 弟
- な/亻 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 俤
- ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 剃
- る/忄 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 悌
- き/木 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 梯
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 涕
- め/目 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 睇
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鵜
- ち/竹 + ゆ/彳 = 第
Other compounds
- 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 岡
- い/糹/#2 + ゆ/彳 = 綱
- か/金 + ゆ/彳 = 鋼
- や/疒 + 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 崗
- き/木 + 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 棡
- 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 悠
- ち/竹 + 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 筱
- い/糹/#2 + 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 絛
- ⺼ + 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 脩
- ほ/方 + ゆ/彳 = 旅
- ⺼ + ほ/方 + ゆ/彳 = 膂
- き/木 + ゆ/彳 = 樹
- 囗 + 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 堽
Notes
Braille patterns
is a railway station on the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the Nishikigawa Railway, a third-sector railway company.
Lines
The station is served by the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line and is located 27.9 km from the start of the line at .
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened the station on 1 November 1960 as the terminus of the then from . It became a through-station on 1 October 1963 when the line was extended to . With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, control of the station passed to JR West which then ceded control to Nishikigawa Railway on 25 July 1987.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 242 passengers daily.
References
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1960
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Wesley Leonard "Cowboy" Fry (December 10, 1902 – November 11, 1970) was an American football player, coach of football and baseball, and professional football executive. He served as the head football coach at Oklahoma City University in 1933 and at Kansas State University from 1935 to 1939, tallying a career college football coach mark of 26–22–6. Fry was also the head baseball coach at Kansas State from 1935 to 1938 and at Northwestern University from 1944 to 1946, compiling a career college baseball record of 53–53–2. He later served as director of player personnel and then as general manager with the Oakland Raiders of the American Football League (AFL) from 1960 to 1963.
Playing career
Fry played college football at the University of Iowa under legendary coach Howard Jones, excelling as a fullback. He was named to play in the first East–West Shrine Game following his senior season in 1925. Fry then spent the 1926 and 1927 seasons playing professional football with Red Grange for the New York Yankees of the National Football League (NFL). At the same time, Fry attended law school.
Coaching career
After earning his law degree, Fry quit playing professional football and sought to practice law in Oklahoma, but he was quickly diverted onto the path of a football coach. He began his career coaching football at Classen High School in Oklahoma City. In his five seasons at Classen, from 1928 to 1932, his football teams compiled a record of 44–9–1. At Classen, Fry also coached the track team. In 1933, Fry served at the head football coach at Oklahoma City University, leading his squad to an 8–1 record. The following year, when future Hall of Fame coach Pappy Waldorf moved north from Oklahoma A&M to Kansas State University, he hired Fry to be his lone assistant coach. Waldorf left Kansas State after one season, and Fry was hired as the new head coach in 1935.
Fry held the head coaching position at Kansas State for five seasons, posting an 18–21–6 record. Fry also coached the baseball team at Kansas State during this time. Fry stepped aside following the 1939 season when his own assistant coach began politicking for the job of head football coach, but not before coaching the second-ever televised college football game.
For the 1940 season, Fry rejoined Waldorf as an assistant coach at Northwestern University. In 1947, Fry moved with Waldorf to the University of California. Fry remained Waldorf's assistant coach at Cal through the end of Waldorf's term, in 1956, despite receiving offers of head coaching positions from Oregon State University and Arizona State University.
Administrative career and later life
In 1960, Fry joined the Oakland Raiders organization, which was commencing operations as a member of the American Football League. He first served as director of player personnel, then as general manager of the franchise until 1963, when Al Davis was hired as general manager and head coach. Fry died on November 11, 1970 at his home in La Mesa, California.
Head coaching record
College football
References
Additional sources
Fitzgerald, Tim (2001). Wildcat Gridiron Guide ()
External links
1902 births
1970 deaths
California Golden Bears football coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
New York Yankees (NFL) players
New York Yankees (AFL) players
Kansas State Wildcats baseball coaches
Kansas State Wildcats football coaches
Northwestern Wildcats baseball coaches
Northwestern Wildcats football coaches
Oakland Raiders executives
Oklahoma City Chiefs football coaches
American Football League contributors
High school football coaches in Oklahoma
People from O'Brien County, Iowa
Players of American football from Iowa
The Archdeacon of Derby is a senior ecclesiastical officer in the Church of England Diocese of Derby. The archdeacon has responsibility for church buildings and clergy discipline in her/his archdeaconry – the Archdeaconry of Derby – which roughly covers the southern half of Derbyshire.
History
The first mentions of an archdeacon in the area occurred in the twelfth century – around the time when archdeacons' posts were first being created across England. From that earliest point until the Victorian reorganisations of church structures, the archdeaconry was in the Diocese of Lichfield (which during those seven centuries was called Coventry, Coventry & Lichfield, Lichfield & Coventry and Lichfield). The archdeaconry, at that point covering the whole county of Derby, was transferred by Order in Council to the new Diocese of Southwell on 5 February 1884 and then split on 18 October 1910 – creating the Chesterfield archdeaconry – such that it now covers roughly the southern half of Derbyshire. On 7 July 1927, the Diocese of Derby was created from the two Southwell archdeaconries of Derby and of Chesterfield.
List of archdeacons
High Medieval
bef. 1139–aft. 1140: G.
: Richard (disputed)
–aft. 1167: Froger
: N.
–aft. 1182: Godfrey de Luci
bef. 1191–aft. 1191: Yvo
bef. 1199–aft. 1199: Vivian de Stagno
bef. 1206–aft. 1231: William de Muschamp
bef. 1238–aft. 1254: William de Luteby
bef. 1256–aft. 1261: David de Sancta Frideswida
bef. 1263–aft. 1263: William de Weston
bef. 1278–aft. 1278: Simon
bef. 1279–aft. 1281: Jordan de Wymburne
bef. 1281–July 1311 (d.): Elias de Napton
Late Medieval
17 December 1311–February 1328 (d.): Geoffrey de Blaby or Glaston
15 March 1328–bef. 1338 (d.): Anthony de Monte Peliologo
23 February 1339–bef. 1351 (d.): John de Asheby
19 August 1351 – 1353 (res.): John de Marisco
26 November 1353–bef. 1361 (d.): Hugh de Marisco
17 October 1361 – 24 December 1369 (exch.): Robert de Stretton
24 December 1369–bef. 1381 (d.): William Lombe
15 November 1381 – 14 January 1418 (d.): John de Outheby
bef. 1428–1431 (res.): Walter Bullock
2 September 1431 – 23 May 1473 (exch.): John Bride
23 May 1473–bef. 1485: William Chauntre
12 October 1485 – 8 May 1501 (d.): Edmund Hals
bef. 1506–1515 (res.): Nicholas West
9 March 1516–bef. 1533 (res.): John Taylor (also Master of the Rolls
from 1527 and Archdeacon of Halifax from 1528)
April 1533–7 January 1543 (d.): Richard Strete
Early modern
8 January 1543 – 1557 (res.): David Pole (also Archdeacon of Salop)
November 1558 – 1559 (deprived): John Ramridge (also Dean of Lichfield)
November 1559–September 1567 (d.): Richard Walker (also Archdeacon of Stafford)
17 September 1567 – 1576 (d.): Laurence Nowell (also Dean of Lichfield)
29 July 1577 – 1587 (d.): Luke Gilpin
March 1588–23 November 1590 (rem.): Walter Marsh
23 November 1590 – 1 June 1603 (d.): John Walton
9 June 1603–bef. 1609: Valentine Overton
1609–bef. 1617: Christopher Helme
4 December 1617–bef. 1641 (d.): Samuel Clerk
1641–bef. 1666 (d.): William Higgins
bef. 1666–1689 (res.): Thomas Brown (or Browne)
7 August 1689–bef. 1704 (d.): Francis Ashenhurst
14 December 1704–bef. 1719 (d.): Thomas Goodwin
24 September 1719 – 19 April 1755 (d.): Henry Ryder
5 May 1755–bef. 1769 (d.): Sneyd Davies
3 February 1769 – 28 February 1795 (d.): Henry Egerton
10 March 1795 – 25 April 1809 (d.): James Falconer
12 May 1809 – 7 February 1821 (d.): Edmund Outram
24 February 1821 – 1836 (res.): Samuel Butler
9 September 1836 – 5 May 1840 (res.): Francis Hodgson
30 December 1840 – 1847 (res.): Walter Shirley
11 January 1847 – 18 April 1873 (res.): Thomas Hill
Late modern
The archdeaconry became part of the Southwell diocese on 5 February 1884.
1873–29 November 1891 (d.): Edward Balston
1891–1900 (res.): Henry Freer
1900–1909 (res.): Edward Were
Since 7 July 1927, the archdeaconry has been in the Diocese of Derby.
1909–1943 (ret.): Edward Noakes (afterwards archdeacon emeritus)
1943–1952 (ret.): Henry FitzHerbert (afterwards archdeacon emeritus)
1952–1973 (ret.): John Richardson (afterwards archdeacon emeritus)
1973–1992 (ret.): Robert Dell (afterwards archdeacon emeritus)
1993–2005 (ret.): Ian Gatford
29 April 200631 December 2020 (ret.): Christopher Cunliffe
1 January 2021present (acting): Peter Walley
Notes
References
Sources
Lists of Anglicans
Lists of English people
Diocese of Derby
The 1916 Tie Cup Final was the final match to decide the winner of the Tie Cup, the 17th. edition of the international competition organised by the Argentine and Uruguayan Associations together. The final was contested by Argentine side Rosario Central and Uruguayan club Peñarol,
In the match, played at Racing Stadium in Avellaneda, Peñarol beat Rosario Central 3–0 with three goals by José Piendibene, winning the first and only Tie Cup trophy in the history of the club.
Qualified teams
Overview
Rosario Central earned its place in the final as the winner of 1916 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, where the team enter.ed directly to semifinals to beat River Plate (1–1, 3–2 in playoff) and Independiente (2–1 in the final at Avellaneda).
The final was held in Estadio Racing Club in Avellaneda on Christmas eve, 24 December 1916. With only 6 minutes of play, José Piendibene ran from the centre spot and passed to right, where José Pérez received the ball and ran to the penalty area where he made a pass that Piendibene headed for the first goal. On 28 minutes, Piendibene headed another ball for the 2–0 (after a pass by Pérez).
In the second half, on 77 minutes Piendibene shot to the goal after dribbling several players of Rosario Central. Perazzo tried to stop the ball but it hit on him with such bad luck that the ball crossed the goal line, becoming the third goal of the match. Therefore, Peñarol won its first Tie Cup title, with José Piendibene as the most valuable player with 3 goals scored.
Match details
References
1916 in Argentine football
1916 in Uruguayan football
Football in Avellaneda
Jessica Noelle Calalang (born February 24, 1995) is an American pair skater. With her current partner Brian Johnson, she is a three-time U.S. national silver medalist (2020–22) and a three-time Challenger series medalist, including gold at the 2019 CS Warsaw Cup. Earlier in her career, she skated with Zack Sidhu, winning three medals on the ISU Challenger Series.
Personal life
Jessica Noelle Calalang was born on February 24, 1995 in Elk Grove Village, Illinois. After graduating in 2013 from Glenbrook South High School in Glenview, Illinois, she enrolled at Saddleback College in Mission Viejo, California.
Career
In the 2009–10 season, Calalang competed with Daniel O'Shea on the novice level.
Partnership with Sidhu
Calalang teamed up with Zack Sidhu in August 2010. They made their ISU Junior Grand Prix debut at the 2010 JGP event in Ostrava, Czech Republic. The following season, they won a bronze medal at the 2011 JGP competition in Tallinn, Estonia. After winning the junior silver medal at the 2013 U.S. Championships, they were assigned to the 2013 World Junior Championships in Milan, Italy, where they finished ninth.
Calalang/Sidhu moved up to the senior level in the 2013–14 season. They won silver at the 2013 International Cup of Nice but finished 11th at the 2014 U.S. Championships. The pair began the following season on the ISU Challenger Series, winning silver at the 2014 U.S. International Classic and bronze at the 2014 Skate Canada Autumn Classic, before making their Grand Prix debut at the 2014 Cup of China.
Partnership with Johnson
2018–19 season
Calalang partnered with Brian Johnson in early April 2018. They debuted internationally on the Challenger series at the 2018 CS Autumn Classic International, where they placed fourth. In November, they won bronze at the 2018 CS Tallinn Trophy.
Debuting at senior Nationals at the 2019 U.S. Championships, they placed fifth.
2019–20 season
After placing sixth at the 2019 CS U.S. Classic, Calalang/Johnson were selected to make their Grand Prix debut, placing fourth at the 2019 Skate America and sixth at 2019 Skate Canada International. At Skate America, they placed ahead of reigning U.S. national champions Cain/LeDuc.
After competing at a second Challenger event, the 2019 CS Warsaw Cup, where they won the gold medal, Calalang/Johnson competed at the 2020 U.S. Championships. They were fourth in the short program after Johnson fell on a downgraded triple Salchow attempt. Skating cleanly in the free skate, they won that segment, receiving an ovation from the audience, and rose to the silver medal place. Johnson remarked that "the amount of audience support at the end of that program was overwhelming. It's the most amazing thing I have felt on the ice."
Despite being national silver medalists, Calalang/Johnson were not assigned to one of the United States' two pairs berths at the 2020 World Championships in Montreal. Instead, they were sent to the 2020 Four Continents Championships in Seoul, where they placed fourth in the short program after Calalang stepped out of their side-by-side jump attempt. In the free skate, their sole error was Johnson singling a planned triple Salchow, and they placed third in the segment, winning a small bronze medal to finish in fourth place overall. Johnson commented afterward that they had "been together less than two years, but already we are in the last group at the Four Continents with Olympians. I have nothing but hope for the future."
After the sudden split of national champions Knierim and Knierim, Calalang and Johnson were added to the world team. The event was later canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
2020–21 season
Calalang/Johnson were assigned to compete at the 2020 Skate America, with the Grand Prix operating largely based on training location due to pandemic travel restrictions. They placed second in the short program despite both making errors on their jumps. Second in the free skate as well with more jump errors, they won the silver medal behind the new team of Knierim/Frazier.
Competing at the 2021 U.S. Championships, Calalang/Johnson placed second in the short program after Calalang fell on her attempted triple Salchow jump, ending up 6.16 points behind Knerim/Frazier. The team struggled in the free skate, with Calalang again falling on what was intended as a jump combination and both making errors on their other triple jump, and receiving on a level 1 on their final lift. Despite this, they remained in second place, winning their second consecutive silver medal.
Calalang/Johnson were named to the American team for the 2021 World Championships in Stockholm, but later withdrew for what were initially announced as "personal reasons". Eight months later it was revealed that Calalang had tested positive for 4-CPA, a known metabolite of Meclofenoxate, a stimulant prohibited by the United States Anti-Doping Agency. As a result, their funding from the USFS was temporarily suspended. It was eventually determined that 4-CPA was also metabolized as a result of using various cosmetics and shampoos, and Calalang was cleared to return to competition.
2021–22 season
Due to the suspension, Calalang/Johnson were not eligible to be assigned to any events on the Grand Prix apart from receiving a host spot at 2021 Skate America after being cleared. They made their debut at the Skating Club of Boston's Cranberry Cup event, winning the bronze medal, before placing fourth at the 2021 CS Finlandia Trophy.
Returning to the Grand Prix at the 2021 Skate America, they placed fourth in the short program with a clean skate, but fell to fifth after the free skate due to multiple jump errors. Calalang/Johnson then competed twice on the Challenger series, winning the silver medal at the 2021 CS Warsaw Cup and then placing sixth at the 2021 CS Golden Spin of Zagreb.
Defending national champions Knierim/Frazier were forced to withdraw from the 2022 U.S. Championships due to a positive COVID-19 test, but were still expected to be named to the American Olympic team. As a result, it was widely considered to be between Calalang/Johnson and Cain-Gribble/LeDuc for the second pairs berth on the team. Calalang/Johnson were narrowly second in the short program with a clean skate, but in the free skate both made jump errors in addition to a throw jump stepout, and they took the silver medal. Both expressed disappointment at the result, but Johnson added "after everything that's happened this year, we are both just so grateful to be here in front of an audience again. It's an experience that at the beginning of the year, we weren't sure we were going to have again."
Programs
With Johnson
With Sidhu
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Johnson
With Sidhu
With O'Shea
References
External links
1995 births
American female pair skaters
Living people
People from Elk Grove Village, Illinois
21st-century American women
Ezer Mizion or Ezer Mitzion (, literal translation: "Aid from Zion") is an Israeli health support organization offering a wide range of medical and social support services for Israel's sick, disabled and elderly.
Projects
Ezer Mizion, established in 1979, runs the world's largest Jewish Bone Marrow Donor Registry. this registry was extended significantly by Moti and Bracha Ziser who founded "Oranit house," a center for cancer patients and their families. It also operates specialized programs for special needs children, cancer patients and terror victims.
Ezer Mizion has branches throughout Israel. All of its services are free, with over 10,000 volunteers nationwide.
Awards and recognition
In 2008, the organization was awarded the Israel Prize for lifetime achievement & special contribution to society and the State of Israel.
References
External links
Official website
See also
List of Israel Prize recipients
Charities based in Israel
Medical and health organizations based in Israel
Israel Prize for lifetime achievement & special contribution to society recipients
Israel Prize recipients that are organizations
Organizations established in 1979
Volunteer organizations of Israel
is a railway station operated by the Kominato Railway Company's Kominato Line, located in Ichihara, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is 22.0 kilometers from the western terminus of the Kominato Line at Goi Station.
History
Kazusa-Kubo Station was opened on April 10, 1933. It has been unattended since 1956.
Lines
Kominato Railway Company
Kominato Line
Station layout
Kazusa-Kubo Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. There is a small rain shelter built on the platform, but no station building.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
External links
Kominato Railway Company home page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1933
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
The Berlin Rules on Water Resources is a document adopted by the International Law Association (ILA) to summarize international law customarily applied in modern times to freshwater resources, whether within a nation or crossing international boundaries. Adopted on August 21, 2004, in Berlin, the document supersedes the ILA's earlier "The Helsinki Rules on the Uses of the Waters of International Rivers", which was limited in its scope to international drainage basins and aquifers connected to them.
Background
In 1966, the ILA adopted "The Helsinki Rules on the Uses of the Waters of International Rivers", an unenforceable guideline governing the usage of rivers and connected groundwaters that crossed national boundaries. As the guideline did not address other aquifers, various other guidelines were subsequently drafted and adopted by other organizations to replace or supplement them, including the United Nations' "Convention on the Law of Non-Navigational Uses of International Watercourses" and the ILA's own "Rules on International Groundwaters." However, these documents were restricted to addressing international waters. In 1996, the ILA appointed Joseph Dellapenna to produce a compilation of water related laws, following the production of which in 1997 it decided to create a comprehensive document, addressing all freshwater resources as well as issues affecting the climate that impacts them.
Provisions
The document requires that nations take appropriate steps to sustain and manage water resources, in conjunction with other resources, and minimize environmental harm. In addition to setting out various regulations for nations to follow with respect to water within their boundaries and water they may share, it regulates behavior in wartime, including damage to water installations such as dams and dikes. Nations are not permitted to take action that may result in a shortage of life-sustaining water for civilians, unless a nation being invaded is compelled by military emergency to disable its own water supply, or that may cause undue ecological damage. Poisoning water necessary for survival is in all cases forbidden.
Where water resources are internationally shared, it regulates equitable use with reasonable consideration of such factors as past customary usages of the resource and balancing variant needs and demands of all bordering nations. It mandates that the first consideration in weighing needs is satisfying the requirements of human beings for water to sustain life. It requires that nations sharing water make reasonable efforts not to cause harm to one another by the ways in which the water is used. It permits free navigation by all nations sharing a water system, although it allows reasonable restriction by a nation of water navigation within its jurisdiction for security. Nations are expected to work together as needed to sustain shared water resources.
The document requires a reasonable openness to the international community of information related to water resources and their usage, particularly in those cases where nations sharing a water resource may be impacted. Except in cases of emergency, usage that may significantly impact others should be discussed in advance with all interested nations, with disagreements resolved by appeal as necessary to international governing committees.
Regardless of the location of water, and whether or not a water resource is shared, it asserts the right of every individual to equally access water to sustain life without discrimination, even in times of war. It requires states to enable their citizens to participate in decisions affecting water access by providing reasonable information about the water resource and plans impacting it. It also mandates the compensation of those who are displaced in the interests of securing water preservation. It requires that nations be mindful of the environmental factors that affect water resources and preserve them appropriately, such as by preventing water pollution and preserving native ecosystems, even if they are occupying foreign territory during a time of war. It requires appropriate measures to address flooding and drought, both in communicating quickly about these to nations sharing a water resource and in working to eliminate or prevent harm to a water resource and the population dependent on it.
The Berlin Rules on Water Resources provides that nations must enforce its provisions through local legislation and also submit to international review as necessary to ensure that they are compliant.
References
External links
International Law Association Berlin Conference (2004): Water Resources Law
Water law
Environmental issues with water
2004 in international relations
2004 in law
2004 in Germany
International environmental law
2004 in the environment
The Lavant drum is small cylindrical Neolithic chalk object excavated in 1993. It is similar to the Folkton drums, discovered over a century earlier and the Burton Agnes drum. Unlike the Folkton drums, the Lavant drum is undecorated; however, it may be that earlier markings have been worn away. The drum was associated with a sherd of Mortlake ware, which implies a Middle Neolithic date. It is currently held at The Novium museum in Chichester.
Anne Teather, Andrew Chamberlain and Mike Parker Pearson have recently proposed that the Folkton and Lavant drums were tools to measure cord to standard lengths which were used in the construction of monuments such as Stonehenge and the timber circle at Durrington Walls. The circumference of each of the drums corresponds to a subdivision of 10 Neolithic 'long feet'. Chamberlain and Parker Pearson propose that the Neolithic long foot is equivalent to 1.056 modern feet or 0.3219 meters. The Lavant drum's circumference of 361.3mm corresponds to 1.1225 long feet or 1/9 of ten long feet.
The drum was discovered in 1993 as part of the excavation of Chalk Pit Lane, Lavant, West Sussex. The excavation was not published due to the insolvency of Southern Archaeology, who took over the Chichester and District Archaeology Unit which carried out the original excavation. It was identified as being similar to the Folkton drum in 2005 by Anne Teather.
References
Archaeological artifacts
Neolithic England
1993 archaeological discoveries
The Friday Morning Music Club originated in Washington, D.C. in the mid-1880s as an informal club for the study of music. Members of the club were required to audition to become a part of the club, and had to take part in musical performances. Early activities included reading from musical periodicals, the creation of a musical library, the creation of a lecture series, and the hosting of other musical groups for their DC performances.
Over the years, the club grew in size, and requirements for membership became more rigorous. In 1894, the club was incorporated in the District of Columbia, and the headquarters moved from the various members' homes to the music room of the Washington Club, located at 1710 I Street. As the club has grown over the years, it has been located in various places, including the Assembly room of the Cosmos Club and the Raleigh Hotel. Today, its headquarters and archives are located at the Historical Society of Washington, D.C., 801 K St., N.W., Washington, D.C., and its meetings and programs are held at Charles Sumner School, 1201 17th St., N.W., Washington, D.C.
The period from 1943-1949 was extremely active, and included the formation of groups of different categories, including pianists, singers, organists, composers and others who met on a regular basis to study and to listen to their own performances. Additionally, during this period, Miss Gretchen Hood, the opera singer, bequeathed money in her will to assist promising young musicians in their concert careers. This was the beginning of The Friday Morning Music Club Foundation, which was incorporated March 22, 1948, to help to aspire musical students.
In 1970, Foundation Director Willa Mae Koehn moved to change the name of the National Auditions to the Washington International Competition (WIC), and the first competition under this name was held for singers on April 23 and 24, 1971. Over the years, notable winners have included: Jessye Norman, Gwendolyn Bradley, Jane Coop, (who is also a judge of the competition), Sofya Gulyak, and Jie Chen.
The Foundation continues to hold annual auditions alternating between pianists, singers, string players and composers, and grants awards. It draws its applicants from all over the world. The most recent Washington International Competition was held in May 2022 at the Kennedy Center for strings and composition; voice will be held in 2023, and piano in 2024.
References
Music organizations based in the United States
Anuket was the ancient Egyptian goddess of the cataracts of the Nile and Lower Nubia in general, worshipped especially at Elephantine near the First Cataract.
Etymology
In ancient Egyptian, she was known as Anuket, Anaka, or Anqet. Her name meant the "Clasper" or "Embracer". In Greek, this became Anoukis (), sometimes also spelled Anukis. In the interpretatio graeca, she was considered equivalent to Hestia or Vesta.
Depictions
Anuket was usually depicted as a woman with a headdress of either reed or ostrich feathers She was usually depicted as holding a sceptre topped with an ankh, and her sacred animal was the gazelle. She was also shown suckling the pharaoh through the New Kingdom and became a goddess of lust in later years. In later periods, she was associated with the cowry, especially the shell, which resembled the vagina.
History and roles
She was originally the daughter of Ra, but was always related to Satet in some way. For example, both goddesses were called the "Eye of Ra", along with Bastet, Hathor, and Sekhmet. Also, they were both related in some way to the Uraeus.
Worship
Anuket was part of a triad with the god Khnum, and the goddess Satis. She may have been the sister of the goddess Satis or she may have been a junior consort to Khnum instead.
A temple dedicated to Anuket was erected on the Island of Seheil. Inscriptions show that a shrine or altar was dedicated to her at this site by the 13th Dynasty pharaoh Sobekhotep III. Much later, during the 18th Dynasty, Amenhotep II dedicated a chapel to the goddess.
During the New Kingdom, Anuket's cult at Elephantine included a river procession of the goddess during the first month of Shemu. Inscriptions mention the processional festival of Khnum and Anuket during this period.
Ceremonially, when the Nile started its annual flood, the Festival of Anuket began. People threw coins, gold, jewelry, and precious gifts into the river, in thanks to the goddess for the life-giving water and returning benefits derived from the wealth provided by her fertility. The taboo held in several parts of Egypt, against eating certain fish which were considered sacred, was lifted during this time, suggesting that a fish species of the Nile was a totem for Anuket and that they were consumed as part of the ritual of her major religious festival.
References
Citations
Bibliography
.
Further reading
Egyptian goddesses
Sea and river goddesses
Personifications of rivers
Elephantine
Mulchén is a city and commune in Bío Bío Province of Bío Bío Region, Chile. It was first settled in 1871 by soldiers during the so-called Pacification of Araucania. In 1875 Mulchén was officially founded.
The city is surrounded by a meander of the Bureo River on all sides except the south, where it is bounded by the Mulchén River. It is located 32 km south of the city of Los Ángeles, close to Chile Highway 5.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Mulchén spans an area of and has 29,003 inhabitants (14,513 men and 14,490 women). Of these, 21,819 (75.2%) lived in urban areas and 7,184 (24.8%) in rural areas. The population fell by 3.1% (931 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration
As a commune, Mulchén is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Francisco Jara Delgado (UDI).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Mulchén is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Juan Lobos (UDI) and José Pérez (PRSD) as part of the 47th electoral district, together with Los Ángeles, Tucapel, Antuco, Quilleco, Santa Bárbara, Quilaco, Negrete, Nacimiento, San Rosendo, Laja and Alto Bío Bío. The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz-Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).
See also
Bío-Bío Canal
References
External links
Municipality of Mulchén
Communes of Chile
Populated places established in 1871
Populated places in Bío Bío Province
1871 establishments in Chile
19th-century fortifications in Chile
ESPN Radio 950 may refer to:
ESPN Radio 950 serving the Philadelphia, PA market
ESPN Radio 950 serving the Richmond, VA market
ESPN Radio 950 serving the Indianapolis, IN market
Reading Partners is a children's literacy nonprofit based in the San Francisco Bay Area with programs in over 40 school districts throughout California, New York, Washington DC, Maryland, Texas, Colorado, South Carolina, Minnesota, Oklahoma, and Washington.
In the 2016-17 school year, Reading Partners delivered individualized reading tutoring to more than 11,200 students in 225 elementary schools.
Program
In its core program, Reading Partners operates reading centers at elementary schools in under-served communities where children reading below grade level receive free one-on-one tutoring from volunteers using a structured, research-based curriculum. The program is proven to improve students' progress in reading, with over 83% meeting their primary end of year growth goals, according to the Reading Partners impact report released in 2017.
Teachers refer students struggling with reading to the campus Reading Partners program, where they receive the one-on-one attention of a trained volunteer tutor for ninety minutes each week. Tutoring sessions focus on building students' reading skills in five critical areas of literacy: phonemic awareness, phonics, vocabulary, fluency, and comprehension. Reading Partners' curricular materials consist of three key components, each of which address different levels of reading ability with curriculum-based, logically sequenced materials. Upon entry into Reading Partners, every student is assessed using the Rigby PM Ultra Benchmarking Kit and placed into one of the three programs depending on the child's individual needs.
History
Reading Partners began at Belle Haven Elementary School in Menlo Park when members of the community joined together to help students struggling with reading skills. At the time, fewer than 1 in 5 students at Belle Haven could read at grade level and more than 80% of students qualified for the National School Lunch Program. Starting with just three volunteers working in the school library, the organization quickly grew to serve more than 100 children at Belle Haven and began replicating to nearby Title I elementary schools.
Originally called YES Reading, the organization changed its name to Reading Partners in 2008. From 2008 to 2016, the program expanded from serving 20 elementary schools in California to over 250 schools in 10 states and the District of Columbia.
External links
Reading Partners website
Volunteer opportunities for high school students, ABC News
Reading Partners honored by the Volunteer Center of San Francisco
Partnering Up to Help Kids Learn, Pasadena Star-News
Learning a Love of Reading, San Jose Mercury News
Prisons are Robbing California's Schools, Los Angeles Times
A Tutor's Dream Come True, San Mateo Daily Journal
References
AmeriCorps organizations
Educational organizations based in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in California
Organizations based in Oakland, California
Service year programs in the United States
Mompha bradleyi is a moth in the family Momphidae found in Europe.
Description
The wingspan is . Adults are on wing from mid-July to the end of May of the following year after overwintering. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on great willowherb (Epilobium hirsutum) feeding inside the stem of their host plant. Feeding causes a conspicuous red gall to be formed.
Distribution
The moth is found in western and central Europe and has been recorded from Great Britain, France, the Netherlands, Germany, the Czech Republic, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia, Poland, Romania and Belarus.
References
External links
Lepiforum e. V.
Momphidae
Gall-inducing insects
Moths described in 1965
Moths of Europe
R v Prosper, [1994] 3 S.C.R. 236 is a decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on the right to duty counsel upon arrest or detainment by police under section 10(b) of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The Court found that merely reading the accused his or her rights is insufficient to discharge the right to counsel; the police must also provide the accused with access to legal aid or duty counsel.
Cyril Prosper was pulled over by the police for driving erratically. The police noticed that he was severely inebriated and arrested him. They read him his rights and provided him access to a telephone and telephone directory to call a lawyer. He declined to call a lawyer in private practice as he said he could not afford it. He then agreed to take a Breathalyzer test.
At trial Prosper successfully argued that Breathalyzer results were taken in violation of his Charter rights to counsel under section 10(b).
The question before the Supreme Court was first, whether section 10(b) of the Charter imposes a substantive constitutional obligation on governments to ensure that duty counsel is available upon arrest or detention to provide free and immediate preliminary legal advice upon request.
Second, whether the evidence should be excluded under section 24(2) of the Charter as it would bring the administration of justice into disrepute.
The court unanimously held that the Charter does not impose an obligation to ensure duty counsel is available upon arrest. In a five to three decision the Court held that the evidence should be excluded.
See also
List of Supreme Court of Canada cases (Lamer Court)
External links
Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms case law
Canadian criminal procedure case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
1994 in Canadian case law
First Lieutenant James Isaac Christiancy (1844 to December 18, 1899) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Christiancy received the country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action at Hawes Shops, Virginia on 28 May 1864. He was honored with the award on 10 October 1892.
Biography
Christiancy was born in Monroe County, Michigan in 1844. He enlisted into the 9th Michigan Cavalry. He died on 18 December 1899 and his remains are interred at the Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F
References
1844 births
1899 deaths
People of Michigan in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Zdzisław Antoni Nowak (10 January 1906 – 26 June 1996) was a Polish athlete (high jumper and long jumper). He competed in the men's long jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1906 births
1996 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Polish male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Poland
Polish male high jumpers
People from Tarnów
Tiémala-Banimonotié is a rural commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The main village (chef-lieu) is Kologo.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Carl Weintraub (born March 27, 1946) is an American actor who appeared on numerous television shows from the 1970s to the 2000s in addition to several films.
Weintraub had a starring role in Coins in the Fountain. He appeared in Beverly Hills Cop and Air Force One. He has also been featured in guest appearances Without a Trace, 8 Simple Rules, Judging Amy, ER, Days of Our Lives, Baywatch Nights, Cagney & Lacey, Trapper John, M.D., Remington Steele, Hill Street Blues, Barnaby Jones and Police Woman.
As a voice actor, Weintraub has appeared in Oliver & Company as the voice of DeSoto.
In 2013, he performed in Breadcrumbs Along the Trail, a solo performance. He is a founder of We Tell Stories, a theatre group.
Weintraub is also a partner in the Firefly Bistro in Pasadena, California.
Awards and honors
Weintraub is a recipient of the PASA Award (Professional Artists in Schools) for lifetime achievement.
Personal life
Weintraub is married to actress Laurie O'Brien.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Place of birth missing (living people)
Swiftweasel was a fork of Mozilla Firefox available for the Linux platform only.
Optimization
Swiftweasel is optimized using the following methods:
P.G.O.
As of the 3.0.3 release, Swiftweasel has shifted its primary optimization from processor specific to profile-guided optimization (PGO). It is a two step building process. The application is compiled one time and then run to produce a profile. The profile is then used to guide a second compilation of the application.
Some of the older optimizations are still used, but there are now only Intel and AMD versions of each build. It is released compiled in a tar.gz package. There are also separate installers for Ubuntu and Arch linux available through their communities.
Binary code optimization
Swiftweasel is compiled with options that optimize for speed rather than binary size.
Compiled with the -O3 compile flag (the highest level),with the resulting Swiftweasel binary being larger than that of Firefox.
Firefox is compiled with the -Os compile flag, which is for binary size.
Binaries incorporate additional instruction sets:
Intel and AMD: SSE, SSE2, SSE3, and MMX.
AMD only: 3DNow!
Optimization specific to the build microprocessor architecture.
Intel 32bit: Pentium 4 (Prescott), Pentium 4, Pentium M, Pentium III, Pentium II;
Intel 64bit: Nocona;
AMD: Athlon XP, Athlon, K6-2, Athlon;
AMD64: Athlon64, Opteron.
Compiled with newer versions of GCC (Firefox 2.0 uses 3.3.2, Swiftweasel 2.0 uses 4.0.3, and Swiftweasel 3.0.3 uses 4.2.3).
Increased Security
Better protection from Buffer overflow attacks (Swiftweasel 2.0 uses -D_FORTIFY_SOURCE=2; Firefox 2.0 uses gcc 3.x, which does not support this).
Simplify
IPv6 DNS lookups are disabled, preventing slowdowns;
HTTP pipelining is enabled by default. Note that Fasterfox provides a GUI to adjust these settings.
For full details, users can download source packages with all changes listed.
Installed extensions
Swiftweasel has several extensions installed by default.
XForms
AdBlock Plus
User Agent Switcher
Quick Locale Switcher
Swiftweasel-specific changes
Changes made to Swiftweasel include:
The default icon set has been replaced with the Kempelton icon set.
Swiftweasel uses its own settings directory. The settings, including bookmarks, history, and extensions are imported from Mozilla Firefox the first time Swiftweasel runs.
Plugins stored in /lib/mozilla/plugins and /lib/Firefox/plugins are detected and used by Swiftweasel.
Swiftdove
The Swiftweasel project also builds optimized 32 and 64bit builds of the Thunderbird email client known as Swiftdove.
Optimizations
As of the current version 2.0.0.21, Swiftdove is also PGO optimized.
Plugins
The 2.0.0.21 builds of Swiftdove include the 0.9 Lightning calendar plugin installed by default.
See also
Swiftfox
References
External links
Swiftweasel site
Software Headlines
Softpedia review of Swiftweasel 3.0.1
Browser Wars
Free web browsers
Web browsers based on Firefox
POSIX web browsers
Discontinued web browsers
The Lakshminarasimha temple at Javagal, sometimes referred to as Lakshmi Narasimha temple of Javagallu, is a mid-13th century Hindu temple with Hoysala architecture. It is located in Javagal about 20 km northeast from Halebidu and 50 km from Hassan city, Karnataka state, India. This triple shrine temple is dedicated to Narasimha – the man-lion avatar of Vishnu. It was completed between 1250–1260 A.D. by King Vira Someshwara of the Hoysala Empire.
The temple is a compact illustration of a square plan typical of Hindu temple architecture, but one where the three sanctums share a common mandapa (hall). These sanctums are dedicated to Lakshminarasimha, Sridhara and Venugopala. It is notable for its lavish artwork consisting of over 100 panels, all intricately carved both outside and inside. Many of these panels depict legends from the Ramayana.
This temple is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
Date
The foundation stone and inscription of the Lakshminarasimha temple of Javagal is missing. This temple cannot therefore be directly dated. However, one can infer its date from the signatures carved into some of the panels. Some of them are signatures of the famed 13th-century sculptor Mallitamma known for his exquisite artwork elsewhere. Such evidence suggests that this temple was complete by about 1260 CE.
Architecture
The temple plan is square, similar to other Hoysala temples. It is a trikuta (three shrined) temple, one where only the middle shrine has a superstructure (tower or shikhara) and a sukhanasi (nose or tower over the vestibule) The three equal size shrines are all square in plan and are connected by a common closed hall (mantapa). The closed hall is preceded by an open porch. The lateral shrines are connected directly to the hall while the middle shrine has a vestibule that connects the sanctum (cella) to the hall.
The lateral shrines have no tower over them and are directly connected to the hall without a vestibule and its corresponding tower like projection. This makes the temple appear as if it has just one shrine from the outside with bulging walls. In reality, inside are three shrines. The central shrine is highly visible from the outside because of its tower, and the sukhanasi that projects prominently from the tower. The lower part of the shrines (below the roof) have five projections per side, these projections being visible on three sides in the case of the central shrine but only on one side in the case of the lateral shrines.
The temple stands on a platform (jagati), a feature common to many Hoysala temples. The platform, in addition to its visual appeal, is meant to provide devotees a path for circumambulation (pradakshinapatha) around the temple. It closely follows the outline of the temple, giving it a good elevated look. The tower over the central shrine and the vestibule are intact and highly decorative. Other standard features in a Hoysala temple are the large domed roof over the tower, which is also the largest sculptural piece in a Hoysala temple (called the "helmet" or amalaka) and whose shape usually follows that of the shrine (square or star shape); the kalasa on top of it (the decorative water-pot at the apex of the dome); and the Hoysala crest (emblem of the Hoysala warrior stabbing a lion) over the sukhanasi. Here the emblem and the kalasa are missing. The kalasa has been replaced during later times with a metallic pinnacle.
Decoration and sculptures
The decorative plan of the outer walls of the shrines and the mantapa (hall) is Hoysala style, with two eaves that run around the temple. According to art historian Gerard Foekema, the wall panel images (one hundred and forty in all), and the reliefs and friezes that abound in this temple have a relaxed quality of workmanship about them, and appear more "folkish in character". Here, the first heavy eaves run below the superstructure and all around the temple with a projection of about half a meter. The second eaves run around the temple about a meter below the first. In between the two eaves are the miniature decorative towers (Aedicula) on pilasters. Below the second eaves are the wall panel of images of Hindu deities and their attendants in relief. Below this, at the base are the six equal width rectangular moldings (frieze). Starting from the top, the friezes depict; hansa (birds) in the first frieze, makara (aquatic monsters) in the second, epics and other stories in the third (usually from the Hindu epic Ramayana, the Mahabharata, and stories of Krishna), leafy scrolls in the fourth, horses in the fifth and elephants in the sixth (bottom frieze).
Gallery
Notes
References
Gerard Foekema, A Complete Guide to Hoysala Temples, Abhinav, 1996
Hindu temples in Hassan district
Devi temples in Karnataka
Phaq'u Q'awa is a mountain in the Andes. According to the Bolivian IGM map 1:50,000 'Nevados Payachata Hoja 5739-I' it is situated on Bolivian terrain in the La Paz Department, Pacajes Province, Charaña Municipality, at the border with Chile. Phaq'u Q'awa lies north-west of the mountain Kunturiri and south-east of the mountain Laram Q'awa. The nearest peak to the east is Jaruma (Aymara for "bitter water"). One of three different rivers of this area called Kunturiri (Condoriri) originates north of the mountain. It flows in a bow along the northern slopes of Laram Q'awa towards Chile.
Name
Phaq'u Q'awa derives from Aymara language terms , , or meaning the color light brown, reddish, fair-haired, or dark chestnut, and meaning little river, ditch, crevice, fissure, or gap in the earth, the name thus meaning "brown brook" or "brown ravine". The Hispanicized spelling is Pacocahua or Pajojañua.
See also
Jach'a Kunturiri
Sajama National Park
References
Mountains of La Paz Department (Bolivia)
The Great Ouse Boating Association (GOBA) is a waterway society on the rivers Great Ouse, River Cam, Lark, Little Ouse, River Wissey, and associated waterways in East Anglia.
The voluntary association was founded in 1958, and has over 3000 members. GOBA is a member of the "Cambridgeshire Boatwatch Scheme", in cooperation with Cambridgeshire Police, the Environment Agency, and the Association of Nene River Clubs.
External links
National Archives, correspondence GOBA
Environment Agency as the Navigation Authority of the Great Ouse
GOBA News, newsletter of the Great Ouse Boating Association, with river map
Great Ouse Boating Association celebrates its Golden Jubilee in 2008
Great Ouse Boating Association website
See also
List of waterway societies in the United Kingdom
Waterways organisations in England
Clubs and societies in Norfolk
River Great Ouse
The Mayor of Wilmington is the chief executive of the government of Wilmington, Delaware, as stipulated by the Charter. The current Mayor of Wilmington is Mike Purzycki.
City of Wilmington
Borough of Wilmington
See also
Timeline of Wilmington, Delaware
List of governors of Delaware
List of lieutenant governors of Delaware
List of United States senators from Delaware
List of United States representatives from Delaware
References
External links
Office of the Mayor
Wilmington, Delaware
Wilmington, Delaware
1832 establishments in Delaware
"For America" is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne from his 1986 album Lives in the Balance. Released as the first single from the album, it reached No. 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, spending 12 weeks on that chart after debuting at No. 72, and peaked at No. 3 on the Mainstream Rock chart, making it his last top 40 hit in the United States. It was also released as a single in the United Kingdom, as an EP in Germany, and as a promotional issue in Spain and Japan. A Statue of Liberty-shaped vinyl picture disc single was also released by Asylum in 1986, manufactured in the United Kingdom.
History
Although concern with the state of the world has always been found in Browne's lyrics ("Doctor My Eyes", "For Everyman"), the more specifically referenced socio-political awareness of the previous album's lead single "Lawyers in Love" became even more overt and political in "For America" (the title of which seems to deliberately link the song to two of Browne's earlier "eulogy" songs, "For a Dancer" and "For a Rocker").
And the album from which it came, Lives in the Balance, is seen as his first overall "political" album, so critical reaction to the song reflected a perception of this movement in Browne's lyrical themes toward more specific and biting lines in "sharply etched political songs (that) question cultural imperialism, foreign policy and the current state of the American Dream:'"
"When Browne sings in 'For America' of how he used to retreat into "the safety of my own head," he isn't kidding," wrote Jimmy Guterman in a 1986 Rolling Stone review of the album, but now Browne opens his new album with a song, "both a prayer and a love song, which damns 'a generation's blank stare.'" Critiquing the musical and production aesthetics, Guterman complains "a gratuitous Clarence Clemons-derived sax riff that mars 'For America' distracts the listener.
The "first single, 'For America', is indicative of the collection's tone – staunchly anti-war and embittered by the sense of ironic betrayal that characterized political songwriting during the Nixon years," noted Billboard magazine upon the song's release.
Reception
Cash Box called it a "penetrating look at American values and politics [that] stands as a mid-decade call for honesty and self-evaluation."
Chart positions
Notes
1986 songs
1986 singles
Asylum Records singles
Jackson Browne songs
Songs written by Jackson Browne
Songs about the United States
Sybra auberti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1950.
References
auberti
Beetles described in 1950
The Monongahela City Bridge, officially the General Carl E. Vuono Bridge, spans the Monongahela River from the City of Monongahela in Washington County, Pennsylvania to Forward Township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. It was constructed to replace a bridge which was 1/4 of a mile north of its location at First and Main Streets, and it opened to traffic in 1990.
The bridge marks the end of Monongahela's Main Street and the separation of Pennsylvania Route 136 from Pennsylvania Route 88. This is the fourth bridge to cross this segment of the river. The 1836 Williamsport Bridge was a wooden structure that served Monongahela while the town was under its original name. After this bridge was consumed in a fire, a four-frame truss bridge was constructed in 1884. This was soon replaced by a three-frame bridge in 1910, which stood until the erection of the current structure in 1990.
Bridges completed in 1990
Bridges in Washington County, Pennsylvania
Bridges in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Road bridges in Pennsylvania
Girder bridges in the United States
Ezedin Belgasem Faraj Tlish (; April 5, 19821 August 2011) was a Libyan taekwondo practitioner. Tlish was among thousands of civilians who were killed during the Libyan Civil War in 2011.
Tlish made his official debut for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where he competed for the men's flyweight category (58 kg). He lost the first preliminary match by a total knockout to Chinese Taipei's Chu Mu-yen, who eventually became an Olympic champion in the final.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Tlish switched to a heavier class by competing in the men's lightweight division (68 kg). He was disqualified from the competition for unknown reasons, allowing his first opponent Dmitriy Kim of Uzbekistan to be given an automatic free pass for the subsequent round.
References
External links
NBC Olympics Profile
1982 births
2011 deaths
Libyan male taekwondo practitioners
Olympic taekwondo practitioners of Libya
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People killed in the First Libyan Civil War
Ninsei (仁清) was a Japanese potter, who lived in the Edo Period, roughly between the 1640s to the 1690s. He was born Nonomura Seisuke (野々村), and later received the first name Seiemon (清右衛門). He was later bestowed with the artistic name Ninsei, with a seal.
Biography
Little is known directly about his life; he is believed to have been born in the village of Tamba, near Tachikui in the Hyogo Prefecture of Japan, near to Kyoto.
He is associated with Kyō ware, often being credited as one of the key founders and influencers. He was a master craftsman who perfected the colourful painted pottery in Kyoto. After learning the technique of making tea jars in Seto, around the Shōhō era (1644-1648) he opened the Omuro kiln in front of the gate of Ninnaji Temple. Tea master Kanamori Sowa (Shigechika) heaped high praise for his excellent potter's wheel technology and Kyoto-style design. In response to orders from the public and daimyō families his ware became popular with Japanese tea ceremony.
He is also believed to have had a son, nicknamed "Ninsei II", who attempted to succeed him in his work, but did not reach the same level.
References
External links
https://www.britannica.com/biography/Ninsei
http://www.metmuseum.org/toah/works-of-art/29.100.668/
17th-century Japanese artists
Gnathophis mystax, the thinlip conger or blacktailed conger, is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by François Étienne Delaroche in 1809, originally under the genus Muraena. It is a subtropical, marine eel which is known from the eastern Atlantic Ocean, including southern Portugal, the Mediterranean, and Morocco. It dwells at a depth range of 75–800 metres, and inhabits mud and sand on the continental slope. Males can reach a maximum total length of , but more commonly reach a TL of .
The thinlip conger feeds on crustaceans including crabs such as Goneplax rhomboides, shrimp and prawns such as Alpheus glaber, Calocaris macandreae, Processa canaliculata, and mysids. It also feeds on polychaetes, bony fish and other invertebrates. Spawning occurs between August and October.
The thinlip conger is sometimes harvested by fisheries.
References
mystax
Fish described in 1809
Taxa named by François-Étienne de La Roche
Per Örjan Persson (27 August 1942) is a Swedish former football player. He played for Scottish clubs Dundee United and Rangers in the 1960s. He also represented Sweden at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico and the European Championship in 1964.
Persson was the first of five Scandinavian imports signed by Dundee United manager Jerry Kerr who was one of the first managers in Scotland to tap into the Scandinavian market to find talented and experienced players at an affordable price. Persson moved to Tannadice from Örgryte IS on 2 December 1964, the first overseas player to join the club. As there was no professionalism in Swedish football in the 1960s United did not have to pay a transfer fee. He made his debut along with the Danish striker Finn Døssing. United had made a poor start to the 1964-65 First Division season and appeared to be heading towards relegation, which would have undone the great work done by Kerr since leading the team to promotion in 1959-60. Since then the club had enjoyed their longest ever spell in the top flight and were becoming established as a permanent fixture in the First Division although relegation in the Spring of 1965 may have doomed the club to obscurity.
Kerr had taken a gamble in bringing players with no experience in Scottish football, like Mogens Berg and Lennart Wing, to the club to help fight relegation. The gamble paid off, and Persson's classy play on the wing and pinpoint crosses being complementary to Døssing's huge goal scoring talent. United managed mid-table security by the end of the season. In the following 1965-66 season Persson played a crucial role in helping United to finish in 5th place in the league qualifying for Europe for the first time. The 1966-67 was to be Persson's last at Tannadice, but arguably his most successful. Scoring 11 goals in 29 appearances from the wing as well as helping United to two victories over FC Barcelona and one over Juventus in the Fairs Cup.
Persson was immensely popular at United playing in 101 matches and scoring 17 goals. He has the distinction (shared with fellow countryman Lennart Wing) of being the first Dundee United player to win a full international cap. He won a total of 9 Sweden caps while with United.
He moved to Rangers in May 1967 where he played 113 games, scored 31 goals (often spectacular ones) and won 6 caps, representing his country at the World Cup in 1970. Later that year he returned to Örgryte IS and went on to play for Sweden at the 1974 World Cup.
References
External links
Orjan Persson, Neil Brown
1942 births
Living people
People from Uddevalla Municipality
Dundee United F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Örgryte IS players
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
1970 FIFA World Cup players
1974 FIFA World Cup players
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Allsvenskan players
Scottish Football League players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Association football midfielders
Swedish expatriate footballers
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Zombie Ninja Pro-Am is a video game based on the Adult Swim animated television series, Aqua Teen Hunger Force. It is a hybrid kart racing/fighting/golf game that takes place on several New Jersey golf courses. It was released for the PlayStation 2 in North America on November 5, 2007, in Australia on November 15, and in Europe on November 16. The game features all of the actors on the show at that time and includes four full episodes of Aqua Teen Hunger Force. ESPN sportscaster Scott Van Pelt provides commentary for the game.
Gameplay
The golf segment of the game features nine holes. The first few holes are located on Jersey Pines golf course and are based on locations within the show, such as the tar pits, the Moon, Hell, and a fantasy level that Meatwad creates with Osirus's t-shirt. There are also three levels where the Aqua Teens race against the Frat Aliens giving the segment a total of 12 levels.
After teeing off, Master Shake or Frylock can be controlled as they fight their way to the balls' resting place. They face several foes, such as Carl's giant crabs, the brownie monsters, Turkitron, and the Mooninites. When the Aqua Teens reach the green they must defeat that hole's boss before they can putt.
In the golf segment's racing levels, the trio race their golf cart through the course they just played, shooting Frat Aliens with a bazooka, collecting speed boosts, and passing check points toward the goal of completing three laps to move on to the next level.
There are Easter eggs on each level for both the golf and racing sections. The Aqua Teens can collect cameos and pieces of the Broodwich to unlock a special Broodwich battle video.
Cast
Dana Snyder as Master Shake
Carey Means as Frylock
Dave Willis as Carl Brutananadilewski, Meatwad, Ignignokt
Matt Maiellaro as Err, Cybernetic Ghost Of Christmas Past From The Future
Andy Merrill as Oglethorpe
Mike Schatz as Emory
Patton Oswalt as D.P., Skeeter
mc chris as MC Pee Pants
Neil Peart as Neil
Scott Van Pelt
DVD release
Several cutscenes of the game were made available as a special feature on the volume 6 DVD.
Reception
The game was met with negative reception upon release; GameRankings gave it a score of 42.06%, while Metacritic gave it 37 out of 100.
Sam Bishop of IGN gave the game a score of 5 out of 10, writing: "It can be a hilarious waste of time (Meatwad's caddy pep talk was brilliant), but a waste nonetheless." Alex Navarro of GameSpot gave it a score of 3.5 out of 10, writing: "Just because a game seemingly aims to be bad on purpose doesn't make it any less of a bad game." However, even among negative reviews, the game's inclusion of ESPN sportscaster Scott Van Pelt was singled out for praise.
See also
Ninja Golf
Zany Golf
References
External links
2007 video games
Zombie Ninja Pro-Am
Golf video games
Fighting games
Kart racing video games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 2-only games
Racing video games
Adult Swim games
Video games based on animated television series
Video games developed in the United States
Video games with cel-shaded animation
Video games scored by Andrew Sega
Video games set in New Jersey
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Summer 2003 is an EP by the heavy metal band Anthrax released in 2003 by Nuclear Blast. It was an exclusive at Nuclear Blast mailorder and was released as an EP and as a "2 for 1" with the 2003 album We've Come for You All. It features the bonus cover tracks from the 2001 remasters of Sound of White Noise and Stomp 442, as well as the radio version of "Safe Home". This is Anthrax's last released album featuring Paul Crook on lead guitar.
Track listing
"Safe Home (Radio Edit)" (John Bush, Rob Caggiano, Scott Ian, Frank Bello, Charlie Benante) – 4:18
"Grunt & Click (Stomp 442 Session Recording)" (Bush, Ian, Bello, Benante) – 5:29
"Dethroned Emperor (Celtic Frost cover)" (Tom Fischer) – 4:32
"Celebrated Summer (Hüsker Dü cover)" (Bob Mould) – 4:25
"Watchin' You (Kiss cover)" (Gene Simmons) – 3:38
"Auf Wiedersehen (Cheap Trick cover)" (Rick Nielsen, Tom Petersson) – 3:32
"Cowboy Song (Thin Lizzy cover)" (Phil Lynott, Brian Downey) – 5:03
"London (The Smiths cover)" (Morrissey, Johnny Marr) – 2:53
2003 EPs
Anthrax (American band) EPs
The Siemon Company is an American telecommunications company founded in 1903 that provides IT infrastructure hardware and services for Data Centers, Local Area Networks (LANs) and Intelligent Buildings.
The Siemon Company offers copper and optical fiber cabling systems, cabinets, racks, cable management, data center power and cooling systems.
History
The Siemon Company was founded in Bridgeport, Connecticut, in 1903.
In 1906, The Siemon Company began manufacturing of a three-pole connecting block for AT&T. AT&T's three-pole connecting blocks were ceramic and fragile. Carl Siemon manufactured a durable plastic version identical to the AT&T block and became a supplier for AT&T and the later "Baby Bells."
In 1923, the company acquired the Bell Record Company and began manufacturing records.
In 1954, the company relocated from its original home in Bridgeport, Connecticut to its current headquarters in Watertown, Connecticut.
During the 1960s, The Siemon Company acquired the Dynamic Tool & Manufacturing Company and expanded operations to Canada and Puerto Rico. Siemon began shipping its 66 connecting blocks to other customers, and the 66 block quickly became the standard for installing new telephone systems.
During the 1980s, the Siemon Company began focusing on the computer networking industry, producing network jacks, patch panels, tools, and testers.
In 1999, The Global Project Services division of Siemon is launched to provide global cabling services.
In 2016, Siemon acquires Gigaduct Fiber Containment System for data centers.
Divisions
Siemon Interconnect Solutions
Siemon Interconnect Solutions (SIS) provides network infrastructure solutions to OEM's, manufacturers, value-added resellers, and system integrators.
Siemon Global Project Services
Siemon Global Project Services (GPS) is a services team that works on multi-site cabling projects for end users.
References
Privately held companies based in Connecticut
Telecommunication companies established in 1903
American companies established in 1903
Telecommunication companies of the United States
Watertown, Connecticut
Andrea Glass (born 17 July 1976) is a former professional German tennis player.
Her highest WTA singles ranking is 53rd, which she reached on 1 February 1999, as a result of reaching the third round of the Australian Open, where Anna Kournikova beat her 4–6, 6–2, 6–3. Her career high in doubles was at 85 set on 20 November 2000.
Glass won the German Tennis Championship in both singles and doubles, partnering Barbara Rittner, in 1997. She played for Germany in the Fed Cup from 1998 to 2001.
ITF finals
Singles (0–4)
Doubles (3–1)
External links
1976 births
Living people
German female tennis players
Sportspeople from Darmstadt
Tennis people from Hesse
The Cape Fear Civil War Shipwreck Discontiguous District is a historic district encompassing a collection of shipwrecks in the Cape Fear area of southeastern North Carolina. The district includes several clusters of underwater archaeological resources associated with as many as 21 shipwrecks dating to the American Civil War. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
List of shipwrecks
Ranger
Ella
Beauregard
Sophia
Wild Dayrell
Phantom
Douro
Hebe
Venus
Lynx
Bendigo
Elizabeth
Stormy Petrel
Arabian
Louisiana
Condor
CSS Raleigh
Modern Greece
one unknown vessel (site 0007NEI)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Brunswick County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Hanover County, North Carolina
References
Shipwrecks on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in New Hanover County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Brunswick County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Pender County, North Carolina
American Civil War on the National Register of Historic Places
Isabel Yeamans (née Fell, 1637?-1704) was an English Quaker preacher, and daughter of Margaret Fell and step-daughter of George Fox, co-founders of the Religious Society of Friends.
Life
Isabel was the third of eight children born to Thomas Fell, a judge and member of Parliament, and Margaret Askew Fell. She was born at Swarthmoor Hall near Ulverston, Lancashire, most likely in 1637, but possibly as late as 1642.
In 1652, George Fox visited Swarthmoor Hall for the first time as a traveling minister. Over the course of his stay, Isabel, her mother Margaret, her sister Sarah Fell, and many of the family became convinced members of the Quaker faith. Thomas Fell happened to be away during this first visit; he became tolerant of their new views, but did not convert himself. He died in 1658. Margaret Fell and several of her daughters continued to manage the estate, and Swarthmoor Hall became a center of Quaker activity.
Isabel married William Yeamans, a Quaker and merchant of Bristol, in 1664. They had four children: William, who died in infancy, Margaret and Rachel, who both died during childhood, and a second son William, the only one who lived to adulthood. The marriage of Margaret Fell and George Fox was held at the Yeamans' home in Bristol in 1669. Isabel signed their marriage certificate.
After death of her husband William in 1674, Isabel moved back to Swarthmoor Hall with her two children Rachel and William. Sometime in the early 1680s she agreed to marry Francis Rogers, a Quaker of Cork, but he withdrew his proposal in 1684 citing concerns about Yeamans' financial situation. Isabel was married a second time in 1689 to Abraham Morrice, a Quaker and merchant of Lincoln. She maintained close relationships with family, including her sisters and her mother, throughout her life. She died in 1704.
Career
Convinced to Quakerism in 1652, by 1660 Isabel was traveling widely and preaching at meetings throughout England and Scotland, as well as writing to meetings in the North and in Ireland. In Bristol she continued the work of Fox and Margaret Fell calling for women's rights in Quaker meetings, including working to establish separate women's meetings for business, which supported women's service, voices, and roles in the Quaker circles. Isabel was known as a gifted speaker and skilled minister.
Isabel sometimes served as a representative of and support for Fox in his travels and work with other Friends. One notable trip was to the Netherlands and Germany in 1677. Isabel joined Fox, William Penn, Robert Barclay, and George Keith and his wife Elizabeth to visit Quaker communities there and to convert others. Isabel hand-delivered a letter written by Fox to the Princess Elizabeth of the Palatinate, and spoke with her. Princess Elizabeth expressed admiration for how Isabel expressed herself.
References
1704 deaths
English Quakers
Year of birth uncertain
1630s births
UNF may refer to:
Technology
Unified fine thread, screw thread series
Unnormalized form, a database data model
Organizations
UniFirst, a supplier of uniforms
United National Front (Afghanistan)
United National Front (Sri Lanka)
United Nations Foundation, a fund-raising organization
University of North Florida, Jacksonville, US
, the Danish Youth Association of Science
, a Swedish youth temperance organisation
or National Fascist Union, Argentina, 1936-1939
or National University of Formosa, Argentina
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing is a story arc in the Marvel Comics series Secret Warriors. It was the first story arc in the Secret Warriors series.
Publication history
The storyline was written by Brian Michael Bendis and Jonathan Hickman.
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing: Part 1, April 2009
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing: Part 2, May 2009
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing: Part 3, June 2009
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing: Part 4, July 2009
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing: Part 5, August 2009
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing: Part 6, September 2009
Plot
Nick Fury, suspicious of the current state of affairs following the dismantling of S.H.I.E.L.D., after the end of the Secret Invasion by the Skrull empire, breaks into The Carousel, a S.H.I.E.L.D. base in Chicago. Information found there leads him to send the Secret Warriors to recon the Black Ice facility in Odessa, TX, where they break cover and battle both HAMMER and HYDRA forces. The HYDRA agents manage to escape and steal a casket containing the remains of the Gorgon. The fact that HYDRA showed up prompts Fury to announce to his team that S.H.I.E.L.D. was evidently working under the control of HYDRA all along.
Meanwhile, in the Ichor HYDRA base, an attack by Skrulls leads Baron von Strucker to destroy the base and regroup the leadership of HYDRA: Kraken (actually Jake Fury, Nick Fury's younger brother), Viper, Madame Hydra (actually Contessa) and The Hive. HYDRA then bring the remains of Gorgon to the Hand where they force the assassin clan to revive Gorgon, taking the life of the Hand Grandmaster in the process.
The Secret Warriors are next sent to evacuate some psi-agents from the Red Worm S.H.I.E.L.D. base but are again confronted by HYDRA. Gorgon cuts off Slingshot's arms during the fight and HYDRA leave with the captive agents. The Secret Warriors seek out a replacement for Yo-Yo and find Eden Fesi - a teleporter living in Australia. Fury goes to the Sudan to recruit the former Howling Commandos soldiers. He assembles an army that attacks The Dock - a S.H.I.E.L.D. base under HAMMER control. During the battle with HAMMER, HYDRA forces again show up, and the Secret Warriors are called to the rescue, allowing Fury to get away with three helicarriers.
Following this event, Madame Hydra and Viper bargain with the Silver Samurai and obtain a mysterious box from Clan Yashida. Kraken orders HYDRA to scan all members for a traitor in their ranks. Fury instructs Dum Dum to start recruiting an army. He reveals to the Secret Warriors that he was not the one who called for their aid in the battle.
Followups
The arc was followed by four others Wake the Beast, The Last Ride of the Howling Commandos, Night and Wheels Within Wheels before the series ended.
Reception
According to Kevin M. Brettauer of PopMatters the revelation that Hydra has been in control of S.H.I.E.L.D. all along caused a great deal of controversy among comic book fans. Brettauer himself stated that it should not have come to too much of a surprise considering the earlier similar occurrences in the Nick Fury vs. S.H.I.E.L.D. from the 1980s. He gave the story a good review and said that it is fitting in the aftermath of 9/11 in the same vein as the modern Daniel Craig series and the Bourne movies. He also expressed that the artwork by Stefano Casselli, is grim and gritty yet somehow tinged with hope in his opinion.
Collected editions
See also
2009 in comics
References
External links
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing at the Comic Book DB
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing Hard Cover at the Comic Book DB
Nick Fury, Agent of Nothing TPB at the Comic Book DB
Nick Fury titles
Secret Warriors (franchise)
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1984 federal election in the state of Queensland.
Overall results
Results by division
Bowman
Brisbane
Capricornia
Dawson
Fadden
Fairfax
Fisher
Forde
Griffith
Groom
Herbert
Hinkler
Kennedy
Leichhardt
Lilley
Maranoa
McPherson
Moncrieff
Moreton
Oxley
Petrie
Rankin
Ryan
Wide Bay
See also
Results of the 1984 Australian federal election (House of Representatives)
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1984–1987
References
Queensland 1984
is an area in Kōtō, Tokyo. It is one of the representative of Tokyo. Formerly, it was a ward of the historical Tokyo City. In 1947, Fukagawa was incorporated into the ward of Kōtō, together with Suginami.
History
The Fukagawa neighbourhood is named after its founder, Fukagawa Hachirozaemon. Originally, parts of the Fukagawa district below the Eitai river (excluding Etchujima) had been part of the adjoining Pacific Ocean coastline; Hachirouemon developed these areas into viable land through the use of landfills.
After the loss of roughly 60 percent of the city to the Great Fire of Meireki in 1657, the local shogunate ordered Buddhist temples on the north and west banks of the Onagi River and the east bank of the Sumida River to be relocated. During this time, the area had been mainly occupied by fishermen, with a population of just over 1000; as of 1695, the area became officially known as the town of Fukagawa-Sagamachi.
Following this, Fukagawa became known for its granary trade in rice and other grains; up until World War II, it was known as one of Tokyo's largest grain markets. In later decades, the construction of bridges along the Sumida River (previously prohibited for security purposes) allowed greater external access to the area, leading to Fukagawa becoming a gateway for the neighbouring town of Monzen-machi and a local red-light district.
Geisha
Fukagawa was an area particularly known for the brash and cutting-edge styles of the geisha who worked there, known as geisha or geisha, the former moniker ostensibly for having popularised the wearing of the - a kimono jacket - by women, when previously it had been worn solely by men. Fukagawa was the location of the first female geisha in Edo, as geisha had originally been male entertainers before transitioning to a majority-female profession in the early 19th century.
Fukagawa is the oldest geisha district in Japan, where the first female geisha appeared. Numbers of geisha declined in the 1980s and the Geisha office was temporarily closed. Fukagawa was revived in 2015 with the influx of a number of younger geisha who were still working individually in the area.
The work environment of the geisha suffered severely during World War II, and numbers of geisha declined by the 1980s to the point where the geisha office was temporarily closed, reflecting a national decline in the post-war geisha population. Fukagawa was revived in 2015 with the influx of a number of younger geisha under the care of older geisha who were still working individually in the area, including Australian national Fiona Graham and her geisha school.
Matsuo Bashō
Fukagawa is known for its relations to the famous Japanese poet, Matsuo Bashō. In 1680, Bashō moved to Fukagawa. Here, he wrote one of his most famous poems, Frog Poem.
References
Districts of Kōtō
Hu Qiaomu (4 June 191228 September 1992) was a Chinese sociologist, Marxist philosopher and politician.
Hu Qiaomu is a controversial figure for opposing the reform and opening up era of economic reform that followed the death of Mao Zedong. He was a member of Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party, permanent member of Central Advisory Commission, and the former president of Xinhua News Agency. He was an academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Early career
Born in Yancheng, Jiangsu Province in 1912, Hu graduated from the Department of Foreign Literature, College of Arts and Sciences, National Chekiang University in 1935. Before this, he also studied history in Tsinghua University (in Beijing) during 1930-1932.
He joined the Communist Youth League of China in 1930 and the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in 1932. In the early part of his career, he was, in chronological order, the party secretary (Communist Youth League of China) in Xijiao District, Beiping City (now Beijing); the head of the Propaganda Department (Communist Youth League of China) in Xijiao District, Beiping City. He was a leader of anti-Japanese student and worker movement in Beiping. In 1936, he became the general secretary of Chinese Sociologist League (), the general secretary of Chinese Leftism Cultural League (), and a member of CPC Jiangsu Province Temporary Committee of Labours ().
From February 1941 (some say 1942) to June 1966, he was Mao Zedong's main secretary. In the beginning, his secretarial work was mainly focused on culture, but later shifted to politics. His secretarial career was ended by the Cultural Revolution.
From October 1, 1949 to October 19, 1949, he was the president of Xinhua News Agency. He also was the head of the News Office of the People's Republic of China; the vice president of Propaganda Department of the Chinese Communist Party; the general secretary of the Central Government Culture and Education Committee; the vice general secretary of the Central Government. In 1954, he also participated in making the Constitution of the People's Republic of China. In 1956, Hu was elected to be a member of the Eighth Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party, and the alternative secretary of Secretariat of the Chinese Communist Party. In 1977, he became the first president of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and later on, advisor and the honorary president.
In 1951 Hu wrote "Thirty Years of the Chinese Communist Party". The book emphasised the Mao Zedong's ideological importance, writing that only he was able to correctly interpret and apply Marxism–Leninism to the Chinese situation. It also gave praise and recognition to orthodox Marxism, Joseph Stalin, the Comintern and the Soviet Union, acknowledging their role in the revolution and the formation of the Chinese Communist Party.
References
Further reading
"The Politics of China: The Eras of Mao and Deng" Edited by Roderick MacFarquhar, published by Cambridge University Press, 1997.
Two Pens of CPC - Hu Qiaomu & Zhou Yang
Notes from People's Daily
1912 births
1992 deaths
Zhejiang University alumni
Chinese sociologists
People's Republic of China politicians from Jiangsu
Republic of China philosophers
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Writers from Yancheng
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Jiangsu
Scientists from Yancheng
People's Republic of China philosophers
Philosophers from Jiangsu
Politicians from Yancheng
Members of the 12th Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party
People's Daily people
Peter Case (born April 5, 1954) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. His career is wide-ranging, from rock n' roll and blues, to folk rock and solo acoustic performance.
Biography
Early career
Case was born in Buffalo, New York and lived in nearby Hamburg, New York. He wrote his first song "Stay Away," in 1965, at the age of eleven. A veteran of several rock bands and the local bar scene as a teenager, Case dropped out of high school when he was fifteen (he would later earn a GED), and after several years of traveling arrived in 1973 in San Francisco, where he performed as a street musician. During this period a documentary about the local music scene, Nightshift, directed by Bert Deivert, captured the young Case on film. In 1976, he teamed up with Jack Lee and Paul Collins to form the early punk-era band The Nerves in San Francisco. The group's 1976 EP track, "Hanging on the Telephone", was later recorded by Blondie.
The Nerves moved to Los Angeles on January 1, 1977, and played and promoted some of the first punk-era shows in that city, performing at The Masque, and the Whisky a Go Go, among other venues. They toured nationally in 1977, the first independent band of their era to do a national tour, as they opened shows for the Ramones, and Mink DeVille, and performed on co-bills with The Nuns, Devo, and Pere Ubu.
After the Nerves broke up in 1978, Case formed the rock n' roll band The Plimsouls in 1979. The Plimsouls became one of the top drawing live bands in California soon after the release of their debut EP "Zero Hour" on the Beat Records label in 1979. They grew in popularity and had two major label albums, the first on Planet/Elektra in 1981, and the next on Geffen Records, in 1983. In 1982, "A Million Miles Away" was released as a 12" single, on the Shaky City/Bomp! label, and became the band's signature song. It was a radio hit in California, and some other regions of the U.S. It eventually charted at number 82 on the Billboard Hot 100. Their songs "A Million Miles Away," "The Oldest Story in the World," and "Everywhere At Once" were included in the movie Valley Girl (1983), but by the time that movie had become a cult favorite, the group had broken up.
Case briefly performed with Gurf Morlix, Victoria Williams (Case's first wife), and Warren Tornado Klein as the Incredibly Strung Out Band, but their collaboration never resulted in a record.
Solo career
Case struck out on his own with the self-titled album Peter Case released in 1986 on Geffen Records. Produced by T Bone Burnett and Mitchell Froom, the record included three songs co-written by Burnett and one by Victoria Williams, and also featured the talents of Williams, Morlix, Klein, Mike Campbell (of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers), John Hiatt, Jim Keltner, Jerry Marotta, Roger McGuinn (of The Byrds), and Van Dyke Parks, among others. One of the songs on the album, "Old Blue Car," was nominated for a Grammy Award. Robert Palmer chose the album as the No. 1 release for 1986 in his year-in-review wrap-up for The New York Times.
In 1989, Case released a second solo album, The Man With the Blue Post-Modern Fragmented Neo-Traditionalist Guitar, this time with the help of artists like David Hidalgo of Los Lobos, Ry Cooder, and Benmont Tench. While not a major commercial success, the album was a favorite of critics and other musicians: Bruce Springsteen told Rolling Stone magazine that he was listening to Peter Case more than anyone else that year.
In 1992, Case scored a radio hit with the song "Dream About You" which peaked at #16 on the U.S. Billboard Modern Rock charts. After a third album for Geffen, Six-Pack of Love, Case recorded a live-in-the-studio album of cover versions of folk, blues, and country songs, Peter Case Sings Like Hell, which was released on Case's own Travelin' Light label. Case signed a contract with Vanguard Records, and the record was re-released on that label in 1993. His next Vanguard record, Torn Again, was issued in 1995, and features Case with a band including the rhythm section of Don Heffington and Jerry Scheff, with Greg Leisz on guitar.
In 1996, the Plimsouls reunited for the first of several reunions. Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, Case continued to release albums as a solo performer, moving in an increasingly acoustic-oriented direction, and playing clubs and small venues. Torn Again was followed by Full Service No Waiting (1998), Flying Saucer Blues (2000), and Beeline (2002) all on Vanguard, in addition to Thank You St. Jude (2001), a self-released CD that featured David Perales on fiddle and background vocals. In a review of Flying Saucer Blues, critic Bill Wasserzieher declared, "I am convinced that nobody of Case's generation writes better songs or does better work in the tradition of Woody Guthrie."
In 2004 Vanguard released Who does Gonna Go Your Crooked Mile, a compilation of tracks from his albums for the label, which also included two previously unrecorded songs, "Wake-Up Call" and "My Generation's Golden Handcuff Blues". Both tracks gave evidence of Case's strongly held political convictions.
In the late 1990s, he curated the musical program for the Getty Museum in Los Angeles. In 2001, he organized, produced, and performed on Avalon Blues, a tribute album to blues music pioneer Mississippi John Hurt, which was nominated for the 2002 Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album. Case also performed Beatles songs at the Hollywood Bowl with George Martin. Case's solo performances have featured his own compositions as well as covers of songs by Memphis Minnie, Sleepy John Estes, Bob Dylan, Neil Young, and others. He frequently conducts songwriting workshops in California, where he now resides, and in other locations.
In February 2006, Hungry for Music, a non-profit organization based in Washington, DC, released a three-disc tribute to Case, entitled A Case for Case; the set featured cover versions of Case's songs performed by various artists, including John Prine, Susan Cowsill, Joe Ely, Dave Alvin, Maura O'Connell and others.
In 2006 Case began posting on his blog sections of a memoir entitled As Far As You Can Get Without a Passport, which was subsequently issued in book form in January 2007 by Everthemore Books. The memoir covers Case's very early days from the time he left his native upstate New York and wound up singing and playing on the streets of San Francisco. This period inspired some of his most memorable songs, including "Entella Hotel "and "Travellin' Light." John Doe, co-founder of the Los Angeles punk band X, contributed an introduction to the book. Case has continued to write and post autobiographical additional material.
On December 6, 2007, Case's Let Us Now Praise Sleepy John was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album. The record was produced by Ian Brennan. The album featured "Every 24 Hours," a duet with Richard Thompson on harmony vocals and guitar, and "That Soul Twist," a duet with Merle Haggard pedal-steel man Norm Hamlet.
In January 2009, Case underwent heart surgery, leading to fund raising efforts by other musicians to help defray his medical costs. Case's next project, Wig!, a CD/LP was released on June 29, 2010, by Yep Roc Records. The record was an interpretation of electric blues, and featured D.J. Bonebrake on drums, and Memphis musician Ron Franklin on slide guitar and electric piano. Case and Franklin composed a number of the songs the day before the sessions, which lasted three days.
In 2012, The Case Files, a compilation of "studio out-takes, demos, and live shots," was released by Alive Naturalsound Records. This record included two 1985 demos made with T Bone Burnett, some spoken word pieces with music from a longer piece called Bomblight Prayer Vigil, and various other Case rarities.
In December 2014, Case went into the Carriage House studio in Los Angeles, and recorded HWY 62, an LP of new original songs, with a band including Ben Harper on lead guitar, D.J. Bonebrake of X, on drums, keyboardist Jebin Bruni, and bassist David Carpenter. The album was released in 2015.
September 2016 saw the re-release of his debut solo album expanded with 7 extra tracks.
In December 2019, Case went to The Old Whaling Church in Martha's Vineyard and recorded with producer Ron Franklin,The Midnight Broadcast, a concept album of traditional and contemporary material featuring Cindy Wasserman (vocals), Bert Deivert (mandolin, drums), Lee Fortier (harmonica, vocals) Franklin (moog, maracas) and Ross Johnson (as the DJ). Mixed by Boo Mitchell at Royal Recorders in Memphis, the album was released in 2021.
Reunion tribute tour
In 2012, longtime musical partners Case and Paul Collins announced a reunion tour paying tribute to their groups The Nerves, The Breakaways, The Beat and The Plimsouls. The touring band line-up for the Collins and Case tour was augmented by members of The Paul Collins Beat (Timm Buechler, bass, and Amos Pitsch of Tenement, drums, and Tim Schweiger, a veteran musician). According to the Los Angeles Times Music Blog of March 22, 2012, the tour "fell apart" early due to "musical differences".
Discography
Bibliography
Bomblight Prayer Vigil. Verb, Issue Two. 2006.
As Far As You Can Get Without a Passport. Everthemore. 2007.
Epistolary Rex, With David Ensminger. CreateSpace. 2011.
Somebody Told The Truth: Selected Lyrics and Stories. Boom & Chime Books. 2020.
References
External links
2012 Peter Case & Paul Collins Tribute To The Nerves Reunion Tour press release announcement
1954 births
Living people
American folk singers
American harmonica players
American male singer-songwriters
Record producers from New York (state)
American rock songwriters
American rock singers
Musicians from Buffalo, New York
The Nerves members
Fast Folk artists
American folk rock musicians
Alive Naturalsound Records artists
People from Hamburg, New York
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Scriptol is an object-oriented programming language that allows users to declare an XML document as a class. The language is universal and allows users to create dynamic web pages, as well as create scripts and binary applications.
References
External links
Programming languages
XML-based programming languages
Object-oriented programming languages
Warriors is the ninth full-length studio album from New York hardcore band Agnostic Front released on November 6, 2007.
The album is produced by Madball frontman Freddy Cricien, who is the half-brother of Agnostic Front frontman Roger Miret.
Track listing
References
External links
Agnostic Front official website
kvltsite.com review
2007 albums
Agnostic Front albums
Albums produced by Chris "Zeuss" Harris
The Israeli Air Force Museum is located at Hatzerim Airbase in the Negev desert.
The museum was established in 1977 and has been open to the public since 1991. The museum displays a variety of Israeli Air Force and foreign aircraft, as well as anti aircraft arms.
Aircraft on display
Israeli air force aircraft
Aérospatiale Alouette II
Aerospatiale Super Frelon
Aerospatiale Super Frelon
Augusta / Bell UH-1 - #002
Augusta / Bell UH-1 - #026
Avia S-199
Beechcraft Queen Air
Bell AH-1G Cobra
Bell AH-1 Cobra
Bell 206
Boeing KC-97 - #039 Masada
Boeing KC-97
Boeing 707 - Operation Thunderbolt flying command post
Boeing 707 - radar testbed
Boeing-Stearman Kaydet - maintained in airworthy condition
Britten Norman Islander
Cessna 172
Consolidated PBY Catalina
Dassault Mirage III - #158
Dassault Mirage III - #159, Re-acquired from Argentina
Dassault Mystere IV
Dassault Mystere IV - #60
Dassault Ouragan - #49
Dassault Ouragan - #80
Dassault Super Mystere
De Havilland Dragon Rapide
De Havilland Tiger Moth
Dornier Do 27
Dornier Do 28
Douglas DC-3 - #038
Fokker S-11
Fouga Magister
Fouga Magister - IAI Tzukit variant
General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon - #107 with 6.5 kill markings
Gloster Meteor - #06
Gloster Meteor - Gate guard
Gloster Meteor - NF-13 Variant
Gloster Meteor - NF-13 Variant
Gloster Meteor - #15
Gloster Meteor - #18
Grumman E-2C - #944
Hughes 500
IAI Arava - #203
IAI Kfir - #712
IAI Kfir TC - #988, modified Mirage IIIB
IAI Kfir - #529, gate guard
IAI Kfir - #451 Prism reconnaissance variant
IAI Kfir - #310, TC-2 variant
IAI Lavi
IAI Nesher
IAI Westwind - modified testbed aircraft
McDonnell Douglas A-4 Skyhawk
McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle
McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II - #323
McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II - transparent panels display aircraft interior
McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II - #498, F-4E(S) reconnaissance aircraft
McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II - Kurnass 2000 #614
McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II - #229 Super Phantom
McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II - #297, Manat test aircraft
McDonnell Douglas RF-4E Phantom II - #485
North American Harvard - #14
North American Harvard - #001, maintained in airworthy condition
North American P-51D Mustang
North American P-51D Mustang
Nord Noratlas - #045, 4X-FAE
Pilatus PC-6
Piper Super Cub
Republic RC-3 Seabee
Sikorsky CH-53 - #471
Sikorsky S-55 - #03
Sikorsky S-58 - #07
SOCATA Trinidad
Sud-Ouest Vautour - #09 Hamashhit (Defiler)
Sud-Ouest Vautour - #33 Big Brother
Sud-Ouest Vautour - #70 Phantomas
Supermarine Spitfire - LF Mk.IXe TE554, The Black Spitfire, former Israeli Air Force 20–57, maintained in airworthy condition
Supermarine Spitfire - LF Mk.IXe SL653, former Israeli Air Force 20-28
Supermarine Spitfire - F Mk.IXe EN145, former Israeli Air Force 20-78
Taylorcraft Auster
Foreign Types
Aerospatiale Gazelle - Former Syrian aircraft, captured 1982.
De Havilland Vampire - liveried as Lebanese Air Force aircraft
De Havilland Venom - liveried as Iraqi Air Force aircraft
Hawker Hunter - Former Chilean example (J-747, ex-XF445), liveried as Royal Jordanian Air Force aircraft.
Grumman TBM-3E Avenger - BuNo. 69355
MiG-15 - former Polish aircraft, bearing Egyptian livery.
MiG-17
MiG-21 - #007, liveried as Operation Diamond aircraft
MiG-21 - #339, two seat variant, acquired 2011 from IAI via Romania. ex Madagascar AF aircraft.
MiG-23 - Former Syrian aircraft, defected 1989.
Mil Mi-24 - #4010, Acquired 2004
Partial remains
Bristol Beaufighter - remains of Israeli aircraft shot down 1948, retrieved 1994.
De Havilland Mosquito
Hiller 360
MiG-17 - remains of Syrian aircraft shot down over the Sea of Galilee in 1966
MiG-19 - Tail of Egyptian aircraft shot down in 1967
Noorduyn Norseman
Sukhoi Su-7 - Tail of Egyptian aircraft shot down during Yom Kippur War
Tupolev Tu-16 - remains of Iraqi aircraft shot down in 1967
Anti Aircraft Weapons
Anti Aircraft Artillery
ZSU-23-4 Shilka
ZSU-57-2
Missiles and AA systems
SA-2 Guideline - mobile launcher
SA-2 Guideline - static launcher
References
Bibliography
External links
Website
Air force museums
Israeli Air Force
Israeli Air Force units
Jewish military history
Military and war museums in Israel
Negev
Museums established in 1977
1977 establishments in Israel
Arabian Television Network (ATN) was a Dubai, United Arab Emirates-based broadcast media company, part of Arab Media Group. Its staff and resources have been merged into Dubai Media Incorporated.
Arabian Television Network had partnered with MTV Networks International of Viacom to launch a localized version of MTV, called MTV Arabia, and Nickelodeon Arabia as well as launching the first user-generated content channel, SHOOFtv.
See also
Arab Media Group
Viacom
References
External links
Arab Media Group
Mass media companies of the United Arab Emirates
Mass media in Dubai
Government-owned companies of the United Arab Emirates
Mass media companies established in 2007
2007 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Arab mass media
The 2011 World Cyber Games (also known as WCG 2011) took place from 8 December to 11 December 2011 in Busan, South Korea.
Official games
PC games
Counter-Strike 1.6
CrossFire (developed by Smile Gate)
FIFA 11
League of Legends
Special Force (developed by Dragonfly) (service name Soldier Front in the United States)
StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty
Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne
World of Warcraft: Cataclysm
Xbox 360 games
Tekken 6
Mobile games
Asphalt 6: Adrenaline
Promotion games
Carom 3D
Dungeon & Fighter
Lost Saga
Results
Official
Promotion
References
External links
WCG 2011
WCG 2011 Lost Saga Game: Interview with the winners
2011 in esports
2011 in South Korean sport
League of Legends competitions
StarCraft II competitions
Warcraft competitions
World Cyber Games events
Esports in South Korea
December 2011 sports events in Asia
Samuel Prescott (1751–c. 1777) was a Massachusetts Patriot during the American Revolutionary War.
Samuel or Sam Prescott may also refer to:
Samuel Cate Prescott (1872–1962), American food scientist and microbiologist
Sam Prescott, character in Ambush at Cimarron Pass
See also
Millsdale is an abandoned village located in Channahon Township, Will County, Illinois. In 1903, it had a population of 25. In 1946, it had a population of 20. The Santa Fe Railway stopped at Millsdale Station.
References
Ghost towns in Illinois
Populated places in Will County, Illinois
The Spain national under-19 football team represents Spain in international football at this age level and is controlled by Royal Spanish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Spain. It is the most successful U-19 national team in Europe with eight continental titles.
Competitive record
UEFA European Under-19 Championship Record
*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Gold background color indicates first-place finish. Silver background color indicates second-place finish.
Individual awards
Spain's U-19 players have won individual awards at UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship tournaments.
Player records
Top Appearances
Note: Club(s) represents the permanent clubs during the player's time in the Under-19s.
Top Goalscorers
Note: Club(s) represents the permanent clubs during the player's time in the Under-19s.
Former squads
2019 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2015 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2013 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2012 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2011 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2010 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2009 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2008 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2007 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2006 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
2002 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads – Spain
See also
Spain national football team
Spain national under-23 football team
Spain national under-21 football team
Spain national under-20 football team
Spain national under-18 football team
Spain national under-17 football team
Spain national under-16 football team
Spain national under-15 football team
Spain national youth football team
References
External links
by RFEF
Tournament archive at UEFA
UEFA U-19 European Championship at RSSSF
European national under-19 association football teams
Football
The Presbyterian Church in Korea (HapDongYeSun) is a Reformed Presbyterian denomination in South Korea and adheres to the Apostles Creed and Westminster Confession. In 2004 it had 2,814 members and 31 congregations served by 71 pastors. It has Presbyterian church government.
References
Presbyterian denominations in South Korea
Presbyterian denominations in Asia
Sülek, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The 2003–04 season was the 107th season of competitive football in Scotland.
League Competitions
Scottish Premier League
The 2003–04 Scottish Premier League season was won by Celtic with 98 points, 17 points ahead of the closest challengers Rangers. Both Rangers and Celtic therefore gained the two UEFA Champions League places and Hearts got the UEFA Europa League place having finished third. Partick Thistle were relegated to the Scottish First Division, this however was decided by a tribunal as at the time Inverness's stadium did not meet the criteria for the SPL, as with Falkirk the previous season, however unlike Falkirk the SPL decided that Inverness were allowed to share a ground with Aberdeen.
Scottish First Division
Scottish Second Division
Scottish Third Division
Other honours
Cup honours
Individual honours
SPFA awards
SFWA awards
Scottish clubs in Europe
Summary
Average coefficient – 7.375
Rangers
Celtic
Hearts
Dundee
Scotland national team
Key:
(A) = Away match
(H) = Home match
ECQG5 = European Championship Qualifying – Group 5
EFQPO = European Championship Qualifying – Play-off
Deaths
1 February: Ally MacLeod, 72, Scotland national team manager (1977–78).
12 February: Leonard Dudman, 70, Falkirk and Forfar Athletic winger.
See also
2003–04 Celtic F.C. season
2003–04 Dundee United F.C. season
2003–04 Rangers F.C. season
Notes and references
Seasons in Scottish football
no:Skotsk Premier League 2003–2004
Robin Ernest William Flower (16 October 1881 – 16 January 1946) was an English poet and scholar, a Celticist, Anglo-Saxonist and translator from the Irish language. He is commonly known in Ireland as "Bláithín" (Little Flower).
Life
He was born at Meanwood in Yorkshire, and educated at Leeds Grammar School. His parents, Marmaduke and Jane, were from families with Irish ancestry. He was awarded a scholarship to study Classics at Pembroke College, Oxford and graduated with first honours in 1904, before obtaining work as an assistant in the British Museum in 1906. It was during his early years at the museum that he began learning Irish, with the museum authorities supporting his study of the language in Ireland. He married Ida Mary Streeter in 1911.
He worked from 1929 as Deputy Keeper of Manuscripts in the British Museum and, completing the work of Standish Hayes O'Grady, compiled a catalogue of the Irish manuscripts there.
He wrote several collections of poetry, translations of the Irish poets for the Cuala Press, and verses on Blasket Island. He first visited Blasket in 1910, at the recommendation of Carl Marstrander, his teacher at the School of Irish Learning in Dublin; he acquired there the Irish nickname Bláithín. He suggested a Norse origin for the name "Blasket". Under Flower's influence, George Derwent Thomson and Kenneth Hurlstone Jackson made scholarly visits to Blasket.
After his death his ashes were scattered on the Blasket Islands.
Works
As a scholar of Anglo-Saxon, he wrote on the Exeter Book He identified interpolations in the Old English Bede, by Laurence Nowell.<ref>Prescott, Andrew (2004) Robin Flower and Laurence Nowell in Jonathan Wilcox (ed.) Old English Scholarship and Bibliography: essays in honor of Carl T. Berkhout. (Old English Newsletter Subsidia ; 32). [Kalamazoo, Mich.]: Medieval Institute, Western Michigan University; pp. 41–61</ref> His work on Nowell included the discovery in 1934, in Nowell's transcription, of the poem Seasons for Fasting.
He translated from the writings of Tomás Ó Criomhthain, his Irish language teacher on the Blasket Islands, and wrote a memoir, The Western Island; Or, the Great Blasket (1944), illustrated by his wife Ida. The essay collection The Irish Tradition (1947) is often cited, and was reprinted in 1994; it includes "Ireland and Medieval Europe", his John Rhŷs Memorial Lecture from 1927.
References
Bell, Sir Harold (1948) Robin Ernest William Flower; 1881–1946, in: Proceedings of the British Academy'', Vol. 32 (includes bibliography, pp. 23–27)
Notes
External links
Translation of "Pangur Bán", a poem by an 8th (? 9th) century Irish monk about his cat
1881 births
1946 deaths
Celtic studies scholars
People educated at Leeds Grammar School
Anglo-Saxon studies scholars
Translators from Irish
English male poets
20th-century English poets
20th-century translators
20th-century English male writers
Corresponding Fellows of the Medieval Academy of America
The Dunsmuir station is an Amtrak train station in Dunsmuir, California. It is used by Union Pacific Railroad as a crew change point, but is not staffed by Amtrak. Dunsmuir station is the northernmost passenger rail station in the state of California. The modern station has telephones and restrooms and is maintained by city residents and local rail enthusiasts.
In addition to the passenger waiting room, the building houses the Dunsmuir Museum of the Dunsmuir Railroad Depot Historical Society, which has exhibits on local railroad history. In 2012, the society became home to the Southern Pacific (SP) Shasta Division archives.
History
The Central Pacific had constructed their rail line up the Siskiyou Trail by 1886, and the settlement of Pusher was founded near Upper Soda Springs as a town to support rail operations in the area. The first Dunsmuir stop was simply a boxcar located lower on the line further to the south than the current town. In January 1887, the Dunsmuir station was moved to the railroad's engine house while retaining the name, whereupon the town also adopted the moniker.
When Amtrak was formed in 1971 and Southern Pacific Shasta Route services were discontinued, Dunsmuir retained rail service as a stop on the Coast Starlight. Due to the way schedules are aligned, both the northbound and southbound trains pass through in the middle of the night.
References
External links
Trainweb USArail: Dunsmuir, CA
Amtrak - Great American Stations: Dunsmuir, CA (DUN)
Dunsmuir Museum - Dunsmuir Railroad Depot Historical Society
Amtrak stations in California
Former Southern Pacific Railroad stations in California
Railway stations in Siskiyou County, California
Museums in Siskiyou County, California
Railroad museums in California
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1887
The Governor of Adana (Turkish: Adana Valiliği) is the bureaucratic state official responsible for both national government and state affairs in the Province of Adana. Similar to the Governors of the 80 other Provinces of Turkey, the Governor of Adana is appointed by the Government of Turkey and is responsible for the implementation of government legislation within Adana. The Governor is also the most senior commander of both the Adana provincial police force and the Adana Gendarmerie.
Appointment
The Governor of Adana is appointed by the President of Turkey, who confirms the appointment after recommendation from the Turkish Government. The Ministry of the Interior first considers and puts forward possible candidates for approval by the cabinet. The Governor of Adana is therefore not a directly elected position and instead functions as the most senior civil servant in the Province of Adana.
Term limits
The Governor is not limited by any term limits and does not serve for a set length of time. Instead, the Governor serves at the pleasure of the Government, which can appoint or reposition the Governor whenever it sees fit. Such decisions are again made by the cabinet of Turkey. The Governor of Adana, as a civil servant, may not have any close connections or prior experience in Adana Province. It is not unusual for Governors to alternate between several different Provinces during their bureaucratic career.
Functions
The Governor of Adana has both bureaucratic functions and influence over local government. The main role of the Governor is to oversee the implementation of decisions by government ministries, constitutional requirements and legislation passed by Grand National Assembly within the provincial borders. The Governor also has the power to reassign, remove or appoint officials a certain number of public offices and has the right to alter the role of certain public institutions if they see fit. Governors are also the most senior public official within the Province, meaning that they preside over any public ceremonies or provincial celebrations being held due to a national holiday. As the commander of the provincial police and Gendarmerie forces, the Governor can also take decisions designed to limit civil disobedience and preserve public order. Although mayors of municipalities and councillors are elected during local elections, the Governor has the right to re-organise or to inspect the proceedings of local government despite being an unelected position.
A list of formal duties are as follows:
To oversee the implementation of government legislation, decisions and constitutional requirements within the Province of Adana
To preside over provincial ceremonies and celebrations during national holidays.
To ensure that government legislation is compatible with all institutions that it affects within Adana.
To both supervise and re-organise local government institutions if necessary.
To command both the provincial police and Gendarmerie forces.
To take decisions to limit civil disobedience and maintain peace and security.
To adjust the remit of public institutions if necessary.
List of governors of Adana
See also
Governor (Turkey)
Adana Province
Ministry of the Interior (Turkey)
References
External links
Biography of the Governor of Adana
List of former Governors of Adana
Politics of Adana Province
Esgueira is an urban civil parish in the municipality (concelho) of Aveiro, in continental Portugal. The population in 2011 was 13,431, in an area of 17.15 km².
History
The history of Esgueira remotes to the early medieval: the first document referring to the region dates to 1050. Specifically, the texts refer to the maritime waters of Esgueira. Outeiro was the locality where the first inhabitants settled.
There are several interpretations of the toponym. That proposed by Monsenhor João Gaspar stands out: Iscaria meant "outeiro", a rocky elevation above Ribeira, the place where now stands the pavilion of Clube do Povo de Esgueira, formerly "Parque do Outeiro".
Its geographic location, alongside tidal flats, permitted, until the 17th century, the development of the salt industry. An active centre in salt commerce, Esqueira was the seat of its jurisdiction (over thirty 31 towns and 10 municipalities). It received a foral (charter) in 1110 from the Count Henrique.
In 1116, the Monastery of Lorvão had possessions in the town, which the Afonso Henriques enlarged in 1176, with the donation of Taboeira, among others.
It was Sancho I that in October 1210, provided Esgueira to his daughter D. Teresa in his testament.
On 8 June 1515, a new foral was issued by Manuel I of Portugal.
During the reign of John III there was a reorganization of the territorial divisions of the kingdom, resulting in the establishment of new comarcas, including Esgueira on 20 December 1533. Between 1528 and 1836, Esgueira was a municipality, consisting of the parishes of Esgueira, Cacia, Nariz and Palhaça, whom, by 1801, included 4426 inhabitants.
With the elevation of Aveiro to city, the lands were converted into crown lands, after the Dukes implicated in the attempted assassination of Joseph I of Portugal were executed: the privileges of the Dukes were removed, and transferred by 6 November 1836 decree, extinguishing the municipality and annexxing Esgueira (as a simple parish) to the municipality of Aveiro.
Geography
The civil parish consists of various localities, including: Senhor do Álamo/Cruzeiro, Bairro do Vouga, Agras do Norte, Cabo Luís, Bela Vista, Taboeira, Quinta do Simão, Mataduços and Paço.
Esgueira is a relatively young residential population.
Esgueira has an annual population of approximately 3050 students, distributed among five kindergarten/primary schools (including EB1/JI Taboeira, EB1/JI Esgueira, EB1/JI Alumieira, EB1/JI Quinta do Simão and Cabo Luís/Bela Vista), one middle-school (Escola Básica 2º/3º Ciclos Aires Barbosa), and a secondary school (Escola Secundária Jaime Magalhães Lima).
While the community strives to establish a health centre, it is served by a health outpost on the ground floor of the municipal hall, in addition to a center for handicapped rehabilitation, medical clinics, two dental clinics, two pharmacies, a center for clinical analysis and centre for surgery.
Architecture
Civic
Residence of Carvoeira ()
Residence of Esgueira ()
Religious
Chapel of Nossa Senhora da Ajuda ()
Chapel of Nossa Senhora da Alegria ()
Chapel of São Pedro ()
Chapel of the Espírito Santo ()
Chapel of Sol-Posto ()
Sport
In addition to futsal, gymnastics and athletics, the Casa do Povo de Esgueira'''s badminton team has been successful at the district, national and international circuits. In addition to the Casa do Povo's recreational association, the Associação Desportiva de Taboeira'' has been responsible for training soccer.
The team C.P.Esgueira play at 2nd Division Portuguese basket." Pro Liga".
References
Freguesias of Aveiro, Portugal
Naphthalene-2-sulfonic acid is an organic compound with the formula C10H7SO3H. A colorless, water-soluble solid, it is often available as the mono- and trihydrates C10H7SO3H.2H2O. It is one of two monosulfonic acids of naphthalene, the other being naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid. The compound is mainly used in the production of dyes via nitration en route to aminonaphthalenesulfonic acids. The compound is prepared by sulfonation of naphthalene with sulfuric acid, however under equilibrating conditions that allow the 1-sulfonic acid isomer to convert to the more stable 2-sulfonic acid.
Naphthalene-2-sulfonic acid undergoes many reactions, some of which are or were of commercial interest. Fusion with sodium hydroxide followed by acidification gives 2-naphthol. It is an intermediate in the formation of 2,6-, 2,7- and 1,6-naphthalene disulfonic acids as well as 1,3,6-naphthalenetrisulfonic acid. Naphthalene-2-sulfonic acid condenses with formaldehyde to give polymeric sulfonic acids.
References
Naphthalenesulfonic acids
The R330 road is a regional road in west central County Mayo in Ireland. It connects the N5 and N59 roads at Westport to the N84 road at the village of Partry, away (map). It meets the R300 road between Cloonee and Partry.
The government legislation that defines the R330, the Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2012 (Statutory Instrument 54 of 2012), provides the following official description:
R330: Westport — Partry, County Mayo
Between its junction with the N5 at Bridge Street in the town of Westport and its junction with N84 at Partry in the county of Mayo via Mill Street, Altamount Street and Ballinrobe Road in the town of Westport: Knockroosky, Aille, Killavally, Cloonee and Ballynanerroon in the county of Mayo.
See also
List of roads of County Mayo
National primary road
National secondary road
Regional road
Roads in Ireland
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Mayo
Eburia cacapyra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae found in Ecuador.
References
cacapyra
Beetles described in 1999
Endemic fauna of Ecuador
Scinet may refer to:
SCinet, high-performance network built annually at the International Conference for High Performance Computing and Communications
SciNet Consortium, Canadian consortium for high-performance computing
Kargın, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Daniele Amati (born 11 August 1931, in Rome) is an Italian theoretical physicist, specializing in particle physics.
Education and career
Amati received in 1952 from the University of Buenos Aires his Ph.D. in physics under Richard Gans with a thesis on ferroresonant circuits. In 1953–1954 Amati was a fellow at the Centro Brasileiro de Pesquisas Físicas in Rio de Janeiro, where he took several graduate courses, including one taught by Richard Feynman. From 1954 to 1959 Amati was an assistant at the University of Rome. Afterwards he was in the theory department of CERN and from 1973 to 1975 its director. Since 1986 he has been a professor at and, until 2001, director of the Scuola Internazionale Superiore di Studi Avanzati (SISSA). SISSA not only deals with physics but also with cognitive science and biology and is close to the International Center for Theoretical Physics (ICTP) located near Trieste. Under the auspices of SISSA, Springer Nature publishes the purely electronic Journal of High Energy Physics, founded by Amati in 1997. In the early to mid-1970s, Amati made the theory group at CERN a center of early string theory development, which was initiated as a result of a dual-resonance model by Gabriele Veneziano at CERN in 1968. Among CERN's theory group, Victor Alessandrini in 1971 and Claud Lovelace in 1970 published on the multiloop amplitudes of the bosonic string. Amati's 1989 article with Ciafaloni and Veneziano has over 1000 citations.
Selected publications
as editor with John Ellis: Quantum Reflections , Cambridge University Press, New York 2000, .
References
External links
(photo from CERN Theory Group Picnic in 1976 — photo donated by J. David Jackson)
1931 births
Living people
University of Buenos Aires alumni
People associated with CERN
Italian string theorists
Italian expatriates in Argentina
The Southern Uplands () are the southernmost and least populous of mainland Scotland's three major geographic areas (the other two being the Central Lowlands and the Grampian Mountains and the Highlands, as illustrated in the accompanying map). The term is used both to describe the geographical region and to collectively denote the various ranges of hills and mountains within this region. An overwhelmingly rural and agricultural region, the Southern Uplands are partly forested and contain many areas of open moorland - the hill names in the area are congruent with these characteristics.
Geology
The Southern Uplands consist mainly of Silurian sedimentary deposits in the Iapetus Ocean 420 million years ago. These rocks were pushed up from the sea bed into an accretionary wedge during the Caledonian orogeny, roughly 400 million years ago (Ma), when the continents and terranes of Laurentia, Baltica and Avalonia collided. The Caledonian orogeny is named for Caledonia, a Latin name for Scotland. The majority of the rocks are weakly metamorphosed coarse greywacke.
The tectonic processes involved in the formation of the accretionary wedge, where sediment is scraped off the seafloor as a tectonic plate is subducted, has led to the formation of multiple, major, east–west faults that are now exploited by rivers and define valleys across the Southern Uplands. Levels of deformation associated with these faults is highly variable, but is pervasive in the finer-grained sediments. Secondary mineralisation has further altered these Lower Panlaeozoic rocks which are hosts for some distinctive springs, some of which have been exploited for tourism, such as those around Moffat.
Geography
The Southern Uplands lie south of the Southern Uplands Fault line that runs from Ballantrae on the Ayrshire coast northeastwards to Dunbar in East Lothian on the North Sea coast, a distance of some .
Hill ranges
There are several ranges of hills and mountains within the Southern Uplands. From east to west these are:
Cheviot Hills straddling the eastern end of the Anglo-Scottish border.
Lammermuir Hills south of Dunbar.
Moorfoot Hills south of Edinburgh.
Tweedsmuir or Manor Hills south of Tweedsmuir.
Culter Hills south of Biggar.
Moffat Hills north-east of Moffat.
Ettrick Hills south of Moffatdale.
Lowther Hills between Clydesdale/Annandale and Nithsdale.
Carsphairn and Scaur Hills between Nithsdale and the Glenkens.
Galloway Hills west of the Glenkens. This is a large hill area lying between Loch Doon in the north and the Solway Firth to the south and have the sub-ranges: The Awful Hand, Dungeon Hills, Rhinns of Kells, Minnigaff Hills and Cairnsmore of Fleet.
Peaks
Although the summits are not as high as many in the Scottish Highlands nor other famous mountain regions, parts of the Southern Uplands are remote and mountainous, containing about 120 Marilyns, the majority of the Donalds and a substantial number of Corbetts and Grahams.
Some of the more notable peaks in the Southern Uplands are:
Merrick: the highest in the south of Scotland at
Broad Law:
White Coomb:
The Cheviot:
Corserine:
Cairnsmore of Carsphairn:
Kirriereoch Hill:
Shalloch on Minnoch:
Lamachan Hill:
Cairnsmore of Fleet:
Tinto:
Craignaw:
The Southern Uplands are home to the UK's second highest, and Scotland's highest, village, Wanlockhead, above sea level.
Rivers and lochs
The region is drained by numerous rivers, the most important of which are Scotland's third and fourth longest, the River Clyde at and the River Tweed at respectively. Several significant rivers drain southwards into the Solway Firth and Irish Sea including (from west to east) the River Cree, River Dee, River Urr, River Nith, River Annan and the River Esk.
There are numerous lochs in the Southern Uplands, particularly in the west. The largest is Loch Ken the water lever of the loch was increased in 1936 when the Glenlochar Barrage was installed on the River Dee as well the Water of Ken was dammed to create man made lochs as part of the Galloway Hydro Scheme. Several other lochs in Galloway are dammed such as Loch Doon, Loch Bradan and Clatteringshaws Loch though many smaller ones remain in a more natural state such as Loch Dee, Loch Enoch, Loch Grannoch and Loch Trool.
To the east of Moffat is the largest natural body of water in the Borders Region of the Southern Uplands, St. Mary's Loch together with the adjacent Loch of the Lowes and nearby Loch Skeen. There are several other reservoirs in the vicinity including Megget Reservoir, Talla Reservoir and Fruid Reservoir whilst Daer Reservoir lies among the Lowther Hills.
Wildlife
The area has a wide diversity of species and habitats. The uplands support black and red grouse, mountain hares, golden eagles, hen harriers and some unusual plant species. The western hills are home to red deer, roe deer, feral goats and wild boar. The western forests have one fifth of the Scottish population of red squirrels. Ospreys are present at some of the lochs of the Galloway Forest Park, St Mary's Loch and along the River Tweed. Brown trout are common in many burns and a number of the rivers in the area have populations of sea trout, salmon and Eurasian otters.
Local government
The two unitary authorities of Dumfries and Galloway in the west
and the Scottish Borders in the east cover almost all of the Southern Uplands. Along its northern margins, the councils of South Ayrshire, East Ayrshire, South Lanarkshire and East Lothian extend into the region. After local government reorganisation in 1974 and prior to further reorganisation in 1996, the Southern Uplands were administered by the two 'regions' of Dumfries & Galloway and Borders along with the southern margins of the regions of Strathclyde and Lothian. Within each of these regions were districts with their own district councils. Historically, i.e. prior to 1974, the region comprised the counties of Wigtown, Kirkcudbright, Dumfries, Roxburgh, Peebles, Selkirk and Berwick together with parts of Ayrshire, Lanarkshire, Midlothian and East Lothian.
The geography of the region has caused it to be sparsely populated, a characteristic shared with the Highlands but in contrast to the Central Lowlands. Although the political and geographical borders do not precisely coincide, the two southern local authority areas have a combined population of around 265,000 across , fewer inhabitants than five of the areas within the Central Lowlands, for example North Lanarkshire is home to 340,000 across .
Economy
Agriculture and forestry are the main forms of land use in the Southern Uplands. Sustainable power has been in production for several decades: the Galloway hydro-electric power scheme was built between 1930 and 1936. More recently a number of wind farms have been developed on upland sites. Tourism and recreation are of increasing importance: walking, fishing and grouse shooting are traditional pursuits and mountain biking has become popular in recent years.
The textile industry employed large numbers in many of the towns of the Scottish Borders in the 19th and 20th centuries. Stocking frames were introduced in Hawick in 1771 and Galashiels' first woollen mill was built in 1800, but textile manufacture had a long history in the area: linen production had been a major industry since the Middle Ages. The textile industry declined in the late 20th century, with 7,800 people employed in 1981 and only 4,400 by 1998. However, it continues to be significant both to the local economy and to that of Scotland in general.
Agriculture
Generally, sheep and arable farming are more predominant in the Scottish Borders to the east, while dairy farming is traditionally more important in Dumfries and Galloway, although recent years here have seen a move away from cattle grazing towards sheep farming. Several breeds of livestock have originated in the Southern Uplands, including Galloway cattle, Ayrshire dairy cattle and Cheviot sheep.
Forestry
Large areas of the Southern Uplands are covered with forests such as:-
Forest of Ae
Mabie Forest
Galloway Forest
The amount of forested land cover in the western Southern Uplands increased greatly between the 1940s and the 1980s, from 1% to 23%.
Transport
The Southern Uplands have always formed a major obstacle to travel between the more heavily populated and industrialised Central Belt of Scotland and England to the south. Major roads and railways follow the east coast route and various valley routes radiating northwards from the Carlisle area.
Road
Several primary roads run through the Southern Uplands, most of which run north–south, with the most notable exception being the A75. The most significant of these roads is the M74 motorway connecting Scotland and England. These roads include
A77: From Stranraer towards Kilmarnock shortly after which it becomes the M77 to Glasgow
A76: From Dumfries towards Kilmarnock
M74/A74(M): From the end of the M6 at the Scottish border near Gretna connecting with the rest of the Scottish motorway network just outside Glasgow.
A701: From Dumfries towards Edinburgh via Moffat and the Devil's Beef Tub
A7: From Carlisle to Edinburgh via Hawick and Galashiels and the Scottish Borders
A68: From Edinburgh via Jedburgh in the Scottish Borders to the English counties of Northumberland and Durham
A1: The primary East coast cross border route running from Edinburgh towards Newcastle Upon Tyne and beyond
A75: From Gretna through Dumfries and Galloway to Stranraer
Rail
Five railway lines pass through, or into, the Southern Uplands; all in a roughly north–south direction. These are the:
West Coast Main Line linking Glasgow and Edinburgh to the north with and the rest of England to the south with a station in the Southern Uplands at .
East Coast Main Line running from Edinburgh to the north via to , Newcastle upon Tyne and the south.
–Glasgow line via and numerous other stations.
Glasgow––Carlisle line via and numerous other stations.
Borders Railway linking Edinburgh and Midlothian to a park-and-ride station at , Scottish Borders, via and .
Air and sea
There are no major airports within the area. The nearest international passenger airports are Glasgow Prestwick International Airport, Glasgow International Airport and Edinburgh Airport.
Vehicle ferries operate between Stranraer and Cairnryan in Scotland and Belfast and Larne in Northern Ireland respectively.
Recreation
Walking
There are numerous walks through the Southern Uplands. These include the Southern Upland Way, a coast-to-coast walk between Portpatrick in the west and Cockburnspath in the east.
Climbing
There is some good rock climbing in the Southern Uplands, particularly in the western portion, the Galloway Hills. The majority of the climbing is on good quality granite, often slabby and sometimes a bit broken in nature. In cold winters there is good ice climbing on the hills of Craignaw, Merrick and Cairnsmore of Fleet.
Mountain-biking
The 7stanes are seven mountain biking centres spanning the south of Scotland, from the heart of the Scottish Borders to Dumfries and Galloway. They are on Forestry Commission land and along with schemes in Wales are regarded as the benchmark by which further trails in the UK should be developed. They are known as the 7stanes because each venue features a 'stane' (Scots for stone) somewhere along the forest trails.
The Seven Stanes:
Glentrool
Kirroughtree, near Newton Stewart
Dalbeattie
Mabie
Forest of Ae
Tweed Valley: Glentress and Innerleithen
Newcastleton
Culture
The Southern Uplands and especially those areas adjacent to the Anglo-Scottish border have a troubled and bloody history. They were the scene of many raids, campaigns and battles, including the Battle of Ancrum Moor, the Battle of Nesbit Moor and the Battle of Philiphaugh. The Common Riding festivals of many Southern Upland towns such as Jedburgh, Kelso, Hawick, Peebles, Selkirk and Langholm recall this history, re-enacting the practice of riding the boundaries of the town to enable warning to be given of raids from the south.
This violent history is also commemorated in many Border ballads, another common theme of which is the supernatural, as in the ballads of Thomas the Rhymer and Tam Lin. Many Border ballads were collected by Sir Walter Scott in his Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border. Scott also portrayed the social history, folklore and traditions of the Southern Uplands in several of his prose and verse works (such as The Lay of the Last Minstrel), as did James Hogg, known as the Ettrick Shepherd.
References
External links
Southern Uplands Partnership
Geography of Scotland
Geology of Scotland
Regions of Scotland
Geography of East Lothian
Geography of Midlothian
Geography of South Lanarkshire
Geography of South Ayrshire
Geography of Dumfries and Galloway
Geography of the Scottish Borders
Mountain ranges of Scotland
The 1935 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1935 college football season. It was the first year as head coach for Ralph Sasse, who had previously coached at Army. Sasse led the Maroons to a 13–7 upset win over Army, a game which has been called one of the greatest wins in school history.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
The Birth of Mani is a Manichean silk cloth color painting painted in the Fujian Zhejiang area during the Yuan period, depicting the founder of the sect Mani The scene of birth, a scholar who specializes in Manichaeism Ma Xiaohe called it "a rare treasure". This picture is now in the collection of Japan Kyushu National Museum. The drawing technique and artistic style are similar to "Mani's Community Established" and "Mani's Parents", "The Birth of Mani" and "Manichean Universe Map". " It was originally part of a large-scale Manichean silk painting, but now the silk painting has been lost, leaving only the birth picture.
Description
According to the research of the Hungarian Asian religious art historian Zsuzsanna Gulácsi , this painting mainly presents three themes: glory, incarnation , and birth celebration. The top of the center of the picture depicts ten Ji Letian in brightly colored costumes, driving two colorful auspicious clouds from the sky. Their position in the picture and the headlights behind their heads indicate their extraordinary identities. On each side of Ji Letian, there are four gods dressed as generals, wearing gold armor and black boots, standing on the colorful clouds and fog. They are holding tributes or banners. They may be the eight heavenly soldiers (English: soldierly angels ; Latin: angelorum exercitibus ) appearing in Manichae literature and art , belonging to the King of Glory. The image of these generals is also seen in the seventh heaven in the " Manichaean Diagram of the Universe ".
There is a transparent sphere suspended on the lotus stand directly below Ji Le Tian, surrounded by ten flying flowers. The sphere is in the very center of the painting, with a female supporter holding a tribute on each side. The image in the sphere is damaged, but it can still be seen that the original depiction is a figure sitting on a lotus position, with headlight and aureola. Given the position of the sphere in the picture, the portrait is likely to represent the baby Mani. Below the sphere can be seen a red lacquer box (baby crib) under the canopy. The newly born Mani slept in it. Around it were live musicians and dancers, as well as dignitaries who came to celebrate.
On the left of the picture is a luxurious mansion, which depicts two scenes: Mani's mother is full of beauty before and after Mani's birth. Man Yan was dressed in a white dress and blue dress, wearing a high crown, and surrounded by maids. The scene facing the viewer is before birth, and the scene on the right side of the stairs is after birth. It can be seen that the baby Mani is born on the cloud from his mother's chest. There are six lotus seats and three gems in front of the baby . Other patterns scattered on the green ground include a golden cross, located on the lower right side of the transparent sphere, which should symbolize the "Cross of Light". At the bottom of the mansion on the left, three noble women led two maids to the paint box where Mani was asleep. The lower right portrays three groups of people, all men, among them nobles wearing white, red, and blue robes, followed by an attendant holding a white canopy in their hands. Behind the dignitaries is a man in a blue robe, surrounded by five standard bearers . He is most likely Mani's father Badi . Above them, in the middle part on the far right side, three demons can be seen standing on a dark cloud.
Gallery
Excursus
Eight silk hanging scrolls with Manichaean didactic images from southern China from between the 12th and the 15th centuries, which can be divided into four categories:
Two single portraits (depicting Mani and Jesus)
Icon of Mani
Manichaean Painting of the Buddha Jesus
One scroll depicting Salvation Theory ()
Sermon on Mani's Teaching of Salvation
Four scrolls depicting Prophetology ()
Mani's Parents
Birth of Mani
Episodes from Mani's Missionary Work
Mani's Community Established
One scroll depicting Cosmology ()
Manichaean Diagram of the Universe
References
Chinese Manichaean art
Gaetano Saya (born 24 April 1956 in Messina, Italy) is a former Italian politician and military leader. Saya was captured by the military police on his return from a mission in Iraqi Kurdistan, on 13 February 2017 and released on 4 May 2017. He is now the leader of the New MSI, an ultranationalist far-right party. Saya has claimed to have been a member of Gladio, NATO's stay-behind anti-Communist network during the Cold War, involved in Italy's strategy of tension during the "Years of Lead."
In November 2004 Gaetano Saya was charged with hate speech, allegedly broadcast through his party's website. In 2005 he was detained by the prosecutor of Genoa on charges of having established a "secret parallel police" named D.S.S.A. (Department of Anti-terrorism and Strategic Studies). In 2011, he was found innocent by the Prosecutor of the Court of Milan.
Saya is known for his verbal struggle with many writers and political figures. The last leader of the Italian Social Movement, Gianfranco Fini, has called Gaetano Saya "a madman who uses the MSI logo without rights". Nonetheless, Saya has won all court cases against Gianfranco Fini. At Florence, the Court of Appeal adjudicated his ownership of the MSI logo. His lawyers pressed charges against Fini for slander against Saya over the years. During a well-known Italian radio program, La Zanzara by Giuseppe Cruciani, Saya discussed his case with interviewer David Parenzo.
In 2017, Saya was arrested again, allegedly due to a political-military conspiracy against him organized by occult powers, aimed at stopping his political commitment to the war against Islamic State terrorism. He was released on 4 May 2017.
On 4 April 2019, the Criminal Court of Rome acquitted Saya, represented by lawyer Antonio Gallinaro, from charges pressed by Gianfranco Fini, with the formula "for not having committed the deed". Immediately afterward Saya pressed charges of slander against Fini, requesting compensation of one million euros.
References
Italian neo-fascists
Living people
1956 births
Ashley Zukerman (born 30 December 1983) is an Australian-American actor known for playing Dr. Charlie Isaacs on WGN America's Manhattan, Senior Constable Michael Sandrelli in Australian drama series Rush, and Jesse Banks in the Australian political thriller The Code, for which he received an AACTA Award for Best Lead Actor in a Television Drama in 2014. He also played a recurring role in Succession. In 2021, he portrayed Robert Langdon in the TV series adaptation of Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol.
Early life
Zukerman was born in Santa Monica, California, the son of Ingrid and Moshe Zukerman, and moved to Melbourne with his family when he was two years old. His family is Jewish; his father is from Israel and his mother is from Peru. His parents spoke Hebrew during his childhood. He is the older brother of Science Vs. podcaster Wendy Zukerman. Zukerman attended Wesley College at the Glen Waverley campus and began a degree in Science and Engineering at Monash University before being accepted into the Victorian College of the Arts.
Career
Graduating from the VCA in 2006, he began his professional career in the theatre. He had a critically acclaimed role in The History Boys, directed by Peter Evans for the Melbourne Theatre Company. He then appeared in HBO's war miniseries The Pacific, which premiered 14 March 2010 and also in Lowdown created by Adam Zwar and Amanda Brotchie. His Australian break came when he played Constable Michael Sandrelli on the series Rush for which he was nominated for a Logie award in the Most Outstanding New Talent category. In 2011, after his time on Rush, Zukerman joined the cast of the short-lived Steven Spielberg–produced sci-fi television series Terra Nova.
Zukerman then returned to the theatre working with director Eamon Flack at the Belvoir Theatre Company in As You Like It playing Orlando, and then two years later in Angels in America playing Joe Pitt. Angels in America won Best Play at the 2014 Helpmann Awards.
He played socially dysfunctional genius hacker Jesse Banks opposite Dan Spielman in the Australian political thriller The Code created by Shelley Birse. The show received huge national and international acclaim and 10 AACTA Award nominations, out of which it won six including Best Lead Actors in a Television Drama for Zukerman.
Early in 2014, Zukerman won the role of ambitious wunderkind Dr. Charlie Isaacs in the WGN America original drama Manhattan created by filmmaker Sam Shaw and directed by Thomas Schlamme. In 2016, Zukerman was cast in the recurring role of Peter MacLeish on the ABC political drama series Designated Survivor, which premiered in the autumn of the same year.
In 2018, Zukerman had a recurring role on the HBO series Succession, and in 2020, appeared as the title character's husband on the Hulu miniseries A Teacher. In 2021, he stars in the Fear Street horror trilogy that streams on Netflix, beginning with Fear Street Part One: 1994. It was announced in March 2020 that Zukerman has also been cast to portray Robert Langdon in the NBC drama pilot Langdon, which is based on Dan Brown's 2009 thriller novel The Lost Symbol.
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
As You Like It (2011) – Orlando
This Is Our Youth (2009) – Warren
B.C. (2009) – Joseph
The Hypocrite (2008) – Valére
The History Boys (2007) – Timms
Accolades
References
External links
1983 births
21st-century American male actors
21st-century Australian male actors
AACTA Award winners
American emigrants to Australia
Australian male television actors
American people of Israeli descent
American people of Peruvian descent
Australian people of Israeli descent
Australian people of Peruvian descent
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
Jewish American male actors
Jewish Australian male actors
Living people
Male actors from Melbourne
Male actors from Santa Monica, California
People educated at Wesley College (Victoria)
University of Melbourne alumni
21st-century American Jews
Roy Lee Hamilton (born July 20, 1957) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) who is currently a coordinating producer for Fox Sports Net. He played college basketball at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) from 1975 to 1979. He was drafted in the first round as the 10th overall pick in the 1979 NBA draft by the Detroit Pistons. He played one season with the Pistons and another with the Portland Trail Blazers. He briefly played in the Continental Basketball Association before pursuing another dream of working on sports television. He thought the odds of his return to the NBA were slim after having already been cut, and did not want to become "bitter and disappointed".
Hamilton became a television commentator for UCLA in the 1982–83 season. He started in an entry-level broadcast position for CBS Sports in New York and later became one of CBS's top National Football League (NFL) producers. When the network lost their NFL contract to Fox in 1993, he joined Fox along with some other CBS personnel. As of 2001, Hamilton was one of the highest-ranking African Americans working on sports television production as Fox Sports Net's coordinating producer of college football and regional NBA coverage. He also oversaw Fox's Sunday coverage of Atlantic Coast Conference basketball.
References
1957 births
Living people
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Los Angeles
Detroit Pistons draft picks
Detroit Pistons players
Point guards
Portland Trail Blazers players
UCLA Bruins men's basketball players
Verbum Dei High School alumni
Petvar Heights (, ) are the heights rising to 2492 m at Mount Mullen in southeast Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. The heights occupy an oval shaped area with a diameter of 21 km, separated from the rest of Sentinel Range by Wessbecher Glacier to the southwest, Kasilag Pass to the west, and Kornicker Glacier to the northwest and north. Their interior is drained by Hudman, Carey, Razboyna, Gabare and Divdyadovo Glaciers.
The heights are named after the settlement of Petvar in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Petvar Heights are centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Geographical features include:
Bagra Peak
Carey Glacier
Divdyadovo Glacier
Fruzhin Peak
Gabare Glacier
Hudman Glacier
Kasilag Pass
Kornicker Glacier
Long Peak
Malkoch Peak
Marze Peak
Miller Peak
Mount Landolt
Mount Mullen
Mountainview Ridge
Razboyna Glacier
Ruset Peak
Thomas Glacier
Wessbecher Glacier
Notes
References
Petvar Heights. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission (in Bulgarian)
Basic data (in English)
External links
Petvar Heights. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Rosmini Gaels GAA Club are based in Drumcondra, within a stone's throw of Croke Park and have been involved in the Dublin GAA scene since their foundation in 1969. Rosmini currently compete in the Dublin Junior 2 Club Football Championship.
History
Founded by their Club President, Noel McLoughlin, then caretaker of Pobalscoil Rosmini on Grace Park Road, with the help of past and then-present pupils of the school, the club was set up to provide an outlet for Football and Hurling for children and adults of the Drumcondra and greater Dublin 9 area and at the outset was involved at Underage, Minor, Under 21 and Adult Junior level.
Major success was first achieved at Minor and Under 21 level in 1983/84, with members of those teams, such as Cormac Day, Paddy Flynn and Bernie O'Toole, still playing with the current Junior team.
In 1984/85 Philip McElwee, a teacher in Rosmini School, took over the management and coaching of the adult team and in 1985 made a Junior Football clean sweep, becoming the first club to win the treble of Junior Championship, Junior League, (Division 1), and the Joy Cup. On that treble-winning team were notable inter-county players such as Brian Ladden, Brian Looney and Jim Woods, (Kerry), Gerry McGovern, (Longford), and Dublin Minor stars in the shape of Paddy Flynn and Paul Redmond.
A number of years in the Intermediate league followed but by the early 1990s Rosmini had slipped down a few divisions until the arrival of Player/Manager Timmy Walsh from Cork. Timmy masterminded a revival in the club's fortunes and secured promotion to Junior Division 2 in 1994,
The following season in 1995 brought even greater success with a Division 2 League title and Parson Cup double. Notably, twelve of the 1985 treble-winning squad were still involved in the successes of 1994/95. The day of the League final against neighbours and close rivals, Whitehall Colmcille, will never be forgotten, not least for the shout from Timmy to Baitsey the goalkeeper (who had just made an impressive solo run out of defence to the half-way line) ordering him to "get back in the goal, you're the goalie 'cos you can't play football"!!! Needless to say, Baitsey never left his line again!
Again in 1996 success continued with victory in the Conlon Cup with lead Rosmini to play intermediate Cup and Junior 1 football, A great achievement for a small club in Dublins city center.
Notable players from 1995 include Paul Baitson (Dublin), Padraig Reilly(Cavan), Mike, Fibarr, Brian, Stephen Carrig (Kerry), Barney Fitzgerald (Dublin), Cormac Day(Dublin), Gary Power (Kildare), Gavin Murphy (Meath), Paddy Flynn (Dublin), Stephen Nolan (Dublin), Seamus Reilly (god only knows!) Mattin McHugh (Mayo) Enda (Galway) Norman Gernan (Dublin).
In the following years, Rosmini Gaels held their own in the upper Junior divisions but a crisis point was reached in 2000/2001 when the club were finding it very difficult to get new players involved. With many bigger neighbouring clubs developing greatly and offering more modern facilities, the club faced closure.
At this point, Joe Hennessy, Vinnie Duffy and Alan Kelly and their colleagues in the Rosmini Committee took the difficult decision to re-grade to the lower Junior divisions, thereby providing Sunday afternoon matches. This bold move proved attractive to both current and a number of new players and succeeded in providing new blood and a new excitement, keeping the club going to this day. Many thanks are due to Kay Hennessy of The Findlater Lounge in Dorset Street whose sponsorship of the club at this point, (and to date), was and is, vital for its survival.
In the past few years Rosmini have remained a force in Junior football despite all of the challenges of a small club and have put together promising Championship, Cup and League runs, coming very close to Cup success when finishing as runners-up in the Duffy Cup Final in 2009.
However, in 2010, Rosmini were again Dublin Football Championship winners, beating a strong Croi Ro Naofa side in the Junior E Final in O'Toole Park on 10/10/10, a date never to be forgotten in the club's history. Amazingly, Seamus Reilly and Cormac Day both played and won a second Dublin Championship medal that day, a full twenty-five years after their 1985 win.
In 2012 Rosmini again tasted success in the Dublin Junior E Football Championship with a 1-8 to 1-5 victory over St Kevins Killians with Reilly again involved as a second half sub to win his third championship medal.
Rosmini are still thriving and are involved in Football League, Cup and Championship competitions, regularly "punching above their weight" and finishing competitions higher placed than many larger rival clubs.
Club Colours/Pitch
Rosmini Gaels colours are black and red vertical stripes and they play their home games in Plunkett's VEC College grounds, Whitehall.
Club Honours
1983 Murphy Cup Winners
1983 Junior Football League Division Four Winners
1984 Parson Cup Winners
1984 Junior Football League Division Two Runners-Up
1985 Junior A Football Championship Winners
1985 Junior Football League Division One Winners
1985 Conlon Cup Winners
1994 Junior Football League Division Three Runners-Up
1995 Parson Cup Winners
1995 Junior Football League Division Three Winners
1996 Conlon Cup Winners
2009 Duffy Cup Runners-Up
2010 Junior E Football Championship Winners
2012 Junior E Football Championship Winners
2015 Junior E Football Championship Runners-Up
2017 Duffy Cup Runners-Up
2017 Junior E Football Championship Runners-Up
2018 Inner City Tournament Winners
2019 AFL Division Nine Runners-Up
References
The Gaelic Athletic Association in Dublin 1884-2000 (2005) Editor and compiler: William Nolan Contributors: Jim Wren, Marcus de Búrca, David Gorry [2]
Club history Herald article http://www.herald.ie/sport/gaa/rosmini-ready-for-duffy-date-1911921.html
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in Dublin (city)
Gaelic football clubs in Dublin (city)
