During the 1994–95 English football season, Fulham F.C. competed in the Division Three.
Final league table
Results
Fulham's score comes first
Legend
Football League Third Division
FA Cup
League Cup
Football League Trophy
Squad
References
Fulham F.C. seasons
Fulham
Ormside is a civil parish in the Eden District of Cumbria, England, which includes the village of Great Ormside and the hamlet of Little Ormside. It had a population of 133 in 2001, increasing to 167 at the 2011 Census.
See also
Listed buildings in Ormside
Ormside railway station
Ormside bowl
References
External links
Cumbria County History Trust: Ormside (nb: provisional research only – see Talk page)
Ormside at britishlistedbuilding.co.uk
Civil parishes in Cumbria
Lists of listed buildings in Cumbria
Lists of buildings and structures in Cumbria
Viljuša is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 920 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Rushey Green is an electoral ward in the London Borough of Lewisham. The ward covers most central, northern and western Catford. The population of the ward at the 2011 Census was 14,916.
References
External links
Rushey Green ward councillors
Wards of the London Borough of Lewisham
Scirtothrips is a genus of thrips in the family Thripidae.
Species
Scirtothrips abditus Mound & Marullo, 1996
Scirtothrips aceri Moulton, 1926
Scirtothrips acus Wang, 1994
Scirtothrips admangiferaffinis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips africanus Faure, 1929
Scirtothrips akakia Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips albidus Masumoto & Okajima, 2007
Scirtothrips albomaculuts Bianchi, 1945
Scirtothrips albosilvicola Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips albus (Jones, 1912)
Scirtothrips angusticomis Karny, 1922
Scirtothrips apatzinganensis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips asinus Wang, 1994
Scirtothrips astibos Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips astrictus Mound & Marullo, 1996
Scirtothrips aurantii Faure, 1929
Scirtothrips australiae Hood, 1919
Scirtothrips aztecus Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips bisbravoae Johansen, 1983
Scirtothrips bispinosus (Bagnall, 1924)
Scirtothrips bondari Moulton, 1933
Scirtothrips bounites Mound & Marullo, 1996
Scirtothrips bournieri Berzosa & Cano, 1990
Scirtothrips brevipennis Hood, 1914
Scirtothrips canizoi Titschack, 1964
Scirtothrips casuarinae Palmer & Mound, 1983
Scirtothrips chamelaensis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips citri (Moulton, 1909)
Scirtothrips cognatoalbus Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips cognatosilvicola Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips combreti Faure, 1929
Scirtothrips danieltelizi Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips dieterenkerlini Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips dignus zur Strassen, 1986
Scirtothrips dobroskyi Moulton, 1936
Scirtothrips dodonaeae Mound & Stiller, 2011
Scirtothrips dorsalis Hood, 1919
Scirtothrips drepanofortis Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips eremicus Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips euthyntus Mound & Marullo, 1996
Scirtothrips ewarti Bailey, 1964
Scirtothrips flavus Masumoto & Okajima, 2007
Scirtothrips frondis Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips fulleri Faure, 1929
Scirtothrips fumipennis Jacot-Guillarmod, 1937
Scirtothrips hainanensis Han, 1986
Scirtothrips hectorganzalizi Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips helenae Palmer & Mound, 1983
Scirtothrips hengduanicus Han, 1990
Scirtothrips ikelus Mound & Marullo, 1996
Scirtothrips inermis Priesner, 1933
Scirtothrips juniperinus Pelikan, 1963
Scirtothrips katsura Masumoto & Okajima, 2007
Scirtothrips kenyensis Mound, 1968
Scirtothrips kirrhos Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips longipennis (Bagnall, 1909)
Scirtothrips litotetes Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips loennbergi (Trybom, 1912)
Scirtothrips longipennis (Bagnall, 1909)
Scirtothrips lumarius Mound & Marullo, 1996
Scirtothrips machili Masumoto & Okajima, 2007
Scirtothrips mangiferae Priesner, 1932
Scirtothrips mangiferaffinis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips mangoaffinis Johansen & Mojia-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips mangofrequentis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips mangoinfestans Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips mangomolestus Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips mangonoxius Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips mangorum Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips manihoti Bondar, 1924
Scirtothrips martingonzalezi Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips moneres Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips multistriatus Hood, 1954
Scirtothrips mugambii Mound, 2010
Scirtothrips musciaffinis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips niveus Hood, 1913
Scirtothrips novomangorum Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips nubicus Priesner, 1936
Scirtothrips oligochaetus (Karny, 1927)
Scirtothrips pan Mound & Walker, 1982
Scirtothrips panamensis Hood, 1935
Scirtothrips pendulae Han, 1986
Scirtothrips perseae Nakahara, 1997
Scirtothrips pilbara Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips prosopsis Hood, 1939
Scirtothrips pteridicola Ananthakrishnan, 1968
Scirtothrips pteridis Mound & Marullo, 1996
Scirtothrips quadriseta Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips ruthveni Shull, 1909
Scirtothrips silvatropicalis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips silvicola Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips solaris Bailey, 1964
Scirtothrips solus Hoddle & Mound, 2003
Scirtothrips spinosus Faure, 1929
Scirtothrips taxendii Hood, 1954
Scirtothrips tehachapi Bailey, 1964
Scirtothrips tenor (Bhatti & Mound, 1994)
Scirtothrips texoloensis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips tlaxcoensis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips totonacus Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips willihennigi Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips zacualtipanensis Johansen & Mojica-Guzman, 1999
Scirtothrips zuluensis Faure, 1929
References
Thrips genera
Thripidae
Intellectual property in India refers to the patents, copyrights and other intangible assets in India.
Government Policy
Indian government approved its first Intellectual Property Rights Policy in May 2016.
Laws
Copyrights
The "Copyright Act, 1957" (as amended by the Copyright Amendment Act 2012) governs the subject of copyright law in India. The history of copyright law in India can be traced back to its colonial era under the British Empire. The Copyright Act, 1957 was the first post-independence copyright legislation in India and the law has been amended six times since 1957. The most recent amendment was in the year 2012, through the Copyright (Amendment) Act 2012.
Trademarks
"Indian trademark law" statutorily protects trademarks as per the Trademark Act, 1999 and also under the common law remedy of passing off. Statutory protection of trademark is administered by the Controller General of Patents, Designs and trademarks, a government agency which reports to the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry.
Patents
The Patents Act, 1970 were brought into the force on 20 April 1972, and further amendments were carried in 1999, 2002 and 2005. The Patent Rules, 2003 were introduced along with the Patent Act (amendment), 2002 on 20 May 2003, and recent amendments were carried in 2016, and 2017. The Patents (Amendment) Rules 2016 mainly focused on expediting the grant process, benefits to startup, and increase in official fees.
Authority
The Intellectual Property India is administered by the Office of the Controller General of Patents, Designs & trademarks (CGPDTM). This is a subordinate office of the Government of India and administers the Indian law of Patents, Designs, trademarks and Geographical Indications.
References
Indian intellectual property law
Luk Tei Tong () is a village of Mui Wo, on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Administration
Luk Tei Tong is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
History
At the time of the 1911 census, the population of Luk Tei Tong was 76. The number of males was 23.
Features
Luk Tei Tong is known for the Luk Tei Tong watchtower, which is listed as a Grade 3 Historic Building. It is said to have been built for protection against bandits and its date of construction has been stated as roughly 1930 or roughly 1942.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Luk Tei Tong (Mui Wo) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Mui Wo
opened in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, in 1995. It is located next to the Ayaragigō Site, a Yayoi settlement that has been designated a national Historic Site.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Yamaguchi)
Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum
References
External links
Shimonoseki City Archaeological Museum
Museums in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Shimonoseki
Archaeological museums in Japan
Museums established in 1995
1995 establishments in Japan
Bonnie & Clyde Copycats is a 2017 Belgian action film written and directed by Bo & Gustavo Catilina.
Plot
Bruges is threatened by two notorious mob gangs: the ruthful Alfredo's gang and the Toriettis, who have more values.
Betty and Marc are an average couple who hate their jobs and dress up as Bonnie & Clyde to try and have a little fun. When they accidentally witness Alfredo, killing a key figure in the Torrieti family, they get entangled in their gang war.
They weren't careful what they wished for and are obliged to live a life like their heroes, Bonnie and Clyde, although they now realize that a peaceful life isn't so bad after all.
Production
Bonnie & Clyde Copycats was filmed at the same time as Direction Lourdes in the summer of 2014, for a total budget of €0.
Location
The entire film was shot on location in and around Bruges. The climax was filmed at the international airport of Ostend-Bruges.
References
External links
2017 films
2010s road movies
Belgian action films
2010s English-language films
George Augustus Addison (1792—14 January 1815) was a British public official and writer.
Addison was born in Calcutta in 1792, the son of John Addison, a civil servant in the East India Company who was at that time Judge of Natore. He was sent home at the age of five to be educated at Newcome's School in Hackney before returning to the far east.
Like his father, Addison became a public servant and by 1814 was Private Secretary to Sir Stamford Raffles. Whilst serving in Java, he succumbed to a fever and died on . His collected works were published posthumously under the title, Indian Reminiscences, or the Bengal Moofussul Miscellany, in London by Edward Bull in 1837. His knowledge of languages, his mathematical and classical attainments, his excellent qualities, and his religious character, are all highly extolled in the introduction to that work.
References
British memoirists
Writers from Kolkata
1792 births
1814 deaths
People educated at Newcome's School
19th-century memoirists
Emil Q. Javier (born September 11, 1940) is a Filipino plant geneticist and agronomist best known for having served as the 17th President of the University of the Philippines between 1993 and 1999. He was conferred the rank of National Scientist of the Philippines for contributions in Agriculture in August 2019.
Early life and education
Javier was born in Santa Cruz, Laguna, Philippines. He earned his Ph.D. in Plant Breeding and Genetics from Cornell University, his master's degree from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and bachelor's degree from the University of the Philippines College of Agriculture (now the University of the Philippines Los Baños).
Career
Javier spearheaded the elevation the UPCA's Division of Plant Breeding into the UPLB Institute of Plant Breeding, which was approved and given funding under Presidential Decree No. 729 in June 1975, with Javier also serving as the Institute's first director.
Javier served as a presidential cabinet member and chair of the National Science Development Board. He worked at The Hague in the Netherlands as senior research fellow for the International Service for National Agricultural Research and went to Taiwan to direct work on vegetable research and development. After a few years abroad, Javier returned to his country at the request of former President Fidel Valdez Ramos to lead the University of the Philippines as its president.
References
1940 births
Living people
Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences alumni
University of Illinois College of Agriculture, Consumer, and Environmental Sciences alumni
People from Laguna (province)
University of the Philippines Los Baños alumni
Presidents of universities and colleges in the Philippines
Filipino expatriates in the United States
Pagea is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid classified as part of the family Stylonuridae. It contains three species, all from the Devonian; P. plotnicki from Nunavut, Canada and P. sturrocki and P. symondsii from the Old Red Sandstone of the United Kingdom. The genus is named in honor of David Page, an early worker on the fauna of the Old Red Sandstone and describer of the first Stylonurine eurypterid.
Description
Pagea was a large stylonurid eurypterid. The third and fourth prosomal appendages bore double rows of flat spines. The prosoma was subrectangularly shaped, with the eyes located on the anterior half.
The metastoma was narrow in relation to the width of the prosoma, being half as wide as it was long. The telson was styliform, long and keeled.
See also
List of eurypterids
References
Stylonuroidea
Devonian eurypterids
Eurypterids of North America
Eurypterids of Europe
Bowellism is a modern architectural style heavily associated with Richard Rogers. It is described as a transient architectural and flippant style that was influenced by Le Corbusier and Antoni Gaudi. The style consists of services for the building, such as ducts, sewage pipes, and lifts, being located on the exterior to maximise space in the interior.
Origin
The style originated with Michael Webb's 1957 student project for a Furniture Manufacturers Association building in High Wycombe. Webb coined the term in response to a comment on his design by Sir Nikolaus Pevsner in a 1961 lecture, in which he recalled hearing the words: "within the schools there are some disturbing trends; I saw the other day a design for a building that looked like a series of stomachs sitting on a plate. Or bowels, connected by bits of gristle". Thus this inside-out style was termed 'Bowellism' because of how it recalled the way the human body works. One of Webb's proposed structures based on bowellism was the Sin Centre for Leicester Square. The concept was a geodesic structure that supports a glass skin.
Some scholars cite Reyner Banham as the first to use bowellism for the new architectural fascination with visible circulation, one that focuses on a building's skeletal services as well as its "bloodstream" or the moving cars and crowd, cascading down from the top to the main foyers - all visible through the structure's geodesic skin. Banham is also credited for introducing the term "topological" to refer to an aspect of brutalism.
Richard Rogers and Renzo Piano continued the style with the design of the Pompidou Centre in Paris, described as a "vast exercise in Bowellism", so the floor space of the interior could be maximised to fully appreciate the exhibitions.
Examples
The Pompidou Centre in Paris (1977) by Rogers and Renzo Piano.
The Lloyd's building in London (1978) also by Rogers.
The Central Library of Rotterdam (1983) by Jaap Bakema.
The Channel 4 headquarters, 124 Horseferry Road, London.
Gallery
See also
High-tech architecture
British high-tech architecture
References
Architectural styles
20th-century architectural styles
The women's 800 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20, 21 and 22 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Semifinals
21 July
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Heats
20 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 39 athletes from 29 countries participated in the event.
References
800 metres
800 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Kim Bo-hyon (; 3 October 1871 – 2 September 1955) was a farmer from the South Pyongan province. He was the paternal grandfather of the founder of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Kim Il-sung, the great-grandfather of Kim Jong-il, and great-great-grandfather of the current leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un.
He was buried in the revolutionary Martyrs cemetery in North Korea.
Biography
Kim Bo-hyon was born on 3 October 1871 as the only son to Mangyongdae farmer Kim Ung-u (1848-October 4, 1878). Kim Ung-u died at the age of thirty, one day after Kim Bo-hyon's seventh birthday. Without his father, Kim went to live with his uncle.
In his twenties, Bo-Hyon married a girl named Lee Bo-ik, who was five years younger than Kim. Together, they had three sons and three daughters, the most well known of the offspring being Kim Hyong-jik. To feed his six offspring, Kim was said to have woken up at early dawn and went around the village to collect manure, while at night, he was said to twist straw ropes, make straw sandals and plait straw mats by lamplight.
Kim Il-sung claimed his ancestors, including his grandfather Kim Bo-hyon and great-grandfather Kim Ung-u, were involved in the General Sherman incident, despite the fact that Kim Bo-hyun was not born until five years later. The account, undisputed in North Korea, has been questioned by independent scholars abroad.
Legacy
Kim Bo-hyon and Lee Bo-ik were likened as "patriots" by the Editorial Committee for the Short Biography of Kim Il-sung.
On 19 August 2013, wreaths were sent by various North Korean organizations to the tombs of Kim Bo-hyon and Lee Bo-ik.
Family
Father: Kim Ung-u (김응우; 17 June 1848 – 4 October 1878)
Grandfather: Kim Song-ryeong (김송령; 1 December 1810 – 12 March 1899)
Grandmother: Na Hyon-jik (나현직; 4 March 1811 – 23 January 1897)
Mother: Lady Lee (이씨)
Wife: Lee Bo-ik (이보익; 31 May 1876 – 18 October 1958)
Son: Kim Hyeong-jik (김형직; 10 July 1894 – 5 June 1926)
Son: Kim Hyeong-rok (김형록)
Son: Kim Hyeong-gwon (김형권; 4 November 1905 – 12 January 1936)
Daughter: Kim Gu-il (김구일)
Daughter: Kim Hyeong-sil (김형실)
Daughter: Kim Hyeong-bok (김형복)
References
1871 births
1955 deaths
Korean independence activists
Korean communists
Korean revolutionaries
Kim dynasty (North Korea)
The Sabaot Land Defence Force (SLDF) was a guerrilla militia operating in the Mount Elgon District of Kenya since 2005. It has been accused of killing more than 600 people, and of committing a variety of atrocities including murder, torture, rape, and the theft and destruction of property. More than 66,000 people had been displaced in an 18-month period.
Overview
The group drew its members from the Sabaot people, who are a sub-tribe of the Kalenjin, an ethnic group which forms less than 11% of the Kenyan population, but a much larger percentage in the Rift Valley Province and eastern Uganda. They were allegedly led by a former bodyguard to the President, who was killed by security forces. Wycliffe Matakwei Kirui Komon was the deputy commander and assumed leadership of the militia at its peak; he claimed to command 35,000 soldiers and scouts. Unusual for groups in the area, they wore jungle camouflage uniforms and had access to ammunition – although AK47s and other guns are easily accessible from bordering nations such as Somalia, costing around $130 while ammunition is more difficult to acquire. The SLDF was funded by unofficial "taxation" of the local residents, and had implemented a parallel administration system.
Commentators attributed the outbreaks of violence and rise of the militias to several factors: conflict over scarce land resources, widespread unemployment among young men, and a fast-growing population (50% of the Kenyan population is aged below 16). In local tradition it had been considered good for a man to have as many children as possible, and international aid agencies which receive any portion of funding from the US federal government have been prohibited from providing advice on family planning. This has resulted in a fast-growing population which is stressing agricultural resources. Tensions between different ethnic groups were also manifested in the 2007–2008 Kenyan crisis.
Structure
ISS described the group as having "a clear organizational structure and chain of command" with a political and spiritual wing along with the main military arm. The overall leader of the group was Wycliffe Matakwei with the second in command being David Sichei. The group's leader claimed to have 35,000 men under his command but the Western Kenya Human Rights watch estimated 3,000 fighters with 30 cells of approximately 100 men each. Majority of the SLDF lived alongside civilians when not engaged in combat except the militia's leadership, trainers and specialized fighters who were permanently based in forests near the border with Uganda.
The group had access to a variety of weapons uncommon for criminal groups in Kenya including machine guns, hand grenades and rocket-propelled grenades along with the usual AK-47s and G3 rifles. Notably the group also had access to jungle combat fatigues commonly seen with the Kenya Police and this along with the weapons led to reports that civilians had difficulty in distinguishing militia fighters from police in the area. The group was considered well trained due to a number of former police and military officers having been linked in secretly training SLDF fighters in the Mount Elgon forests. Indeed the second in command, David Sichei was a former police officer and the level of coordination and language used in attacks alluded to some formal training by former security services personnel.
Between 2006 and 2008 the SLDF virtually controlled Mount Elgon region and had established its administration with informal courts and taxation for residents. Taxation was particularly harshly enforced on civil servants with severe repercussions for those who failed to pay levies.
Government response
The government initially treated the SLDF as common criminals, but begun to treat them as an organised militia. An amnesty offered the equivalent of $265 to fighters surrendering their weapons, but no weapons were surrendered. Security forces found it difficult to gain information on the group, due to intimidation and the threat of violence towards the families of those who might come forward with information.
A large scale military assault in March 2008 resulted in allegations of serious human rights abuses by the Kenya Army, including murder, torture, rape, and arbitrary detention. By July 2008 fighting had substantially declined with the SLDF having been virtually destroyed in a number of offensive operations particularly around the Chebyuk area with relative peace prevailing.
Wycliffe Matwakei Komol, the leader of SLDF was killed by the Kenyan army on 16 May 2008.
See also
The Mungiki: a pseudo-religious militia group operating in urban areas of Kenya.
Mombasa Republican Council (MRC)
References
Rebel groups in Kenya
Mount Elgon District
Gangs in Kenya
Bungoma County
Cucureasa River may refer to the following rivers in Romania:
Cucureasa, a tributary of the Ilva in Bistrița-Năsăud County
Cucureasa, a tributary of the Teșna in Suceava County
See also
Cuca River (disambiguation)
Cucuieți River (disambiguation)
Sir Charles Garonne Renold J.P., LL.D (29 October 1883 – 7 September 1967) was a British engineer and pioneer of management science. Born in Altrincham, England, he was the son of Hans Renold, a Swiss-born engineer and businessman. He was Director from 1906 of Hans Renold Limited, the company his father started, later Managing Director (and Deputy Chairman or Chairman) of the Renold and Coventry Chain Company in Manchester 1930–67, which became Renold Chains Limited then Renold Plc. Renold was vice-president of Manchester College of Science and Technology, which was to become UMIST and was then part of the University of Manchester. During the Great War he offered his services to the government on the Manchester Armaments Committee. A public-spirited civil servant he remained concerned about industrial relations and the fear of sabotage. Like Mather and later Weizmann he was granted an interview by Lloyd George in which he promoted the activities of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers. Renold deliberately disassociated the workers from extremist peace campaigners in order to promote "the industrial issue".
He was a noted expert in industrial administration, and was knighted in 1948 for services to the cause of good management, and the development of humane and progressive ideals in industry
Renold was educated at Abbotsholme School and Cornell University. He was granted an honorary LL.D. from the Victoria University of Manchester in 1960. He lived in Heaton Mersey, and latterly in Chapel-en-le-Frith, Derbyshire.
The Renold Building at the University of Manchester is named in his honour.
References
20th-century English businesspeople
1883 births
1967 deaths
People from Altrincham
Knights Bachelor
People educated at Abbotsholme School
20th-century British engineers
Ruby & the Rockits was an American comedy series executive produced by Shaun Cassidy and Marsh McCall. The series premiered on Tuesday, July 21, 2009.
The series was created by Shaun Cassidy, the creator of American Gothic and Invasion, brother of cast member Patrick Cassidy, and half-brother of the show's star David Cassidy. Their youngest brother Ryan Cassidy worked on the show in a behind-the-scenes capacity.
Premise
Ruby & the Rockits follows Patrick Gallagher, a former teen icon, who has chosen to lead a quiet life with his wife Audie (herself an ex-1980s music video dancer) and two sons. But when his former Rockits bandmate and brother, David, shows up unexpectedly with his new-found teenage daughter in tow, the Gallagher family's life becomes anything but normal. David, who refuses to give up his past glory days, comes to Patrick for help raising Ruby while he continues to perform. Patrick must now put the past with David behind them in order to help raise Ruby and keep order within the rest of the Gallagher clan.
Production
Ruby & the Rockits was written by former teen idol Shaun Cassidy and Ed Yeager, with teleplay by Ed Yeager and Marsh McCall. Former teen idol David Cassidy, his brother Patrick Cassidy, Katie A. Keane, Alexa Vega, and Austin Butler star in the series.
On February 2, 2009, ABC Family announced it had ordered a full season of ten episodes, and the series premiere was watched by 1.6 million viewers. However, due to low ratings, the show was canceled at the end of the season.
Cast and characters
Alexa Vega as Ruby Gallagher
Patrick Cassidy as Patrick Gallagher
David Cassidy as David Gallagher
Katie A. Keane as Audie Gallagher
Austin Butler as Jordan Gallagher
Kurt Doss as Ben Gallagher
Critical reception
Ruby & the Rockits received a score of 60 out of 100 from review aggregator Metacritic. Reviews were mixed but generally favorable. Robert Lloyd, from the Los Angeles Times, stated in his review that the show "feels surprisingly ordinary and uninformed, put together out of scraps from the old sitcom drawer." In a review in the New York Daily News, David Hinckley also noted the feeling of a 1950s sitcom but, in contrast, said this "isn't totally a bad thing." Hinckley adds that despite the jokes of rock star life, the show "keeps it all remarkably clean and wholesome." Another reviewer says "it's simple enough for the kids and entertaining enough for the adults."
A review in the Boston Globe stated that Ruby & the Rockits has no right to be as likable as it is, and called the show "a warm intergenerational comedy that never pushes life lessons in your face." Similarly, The Hollywood Reporter'''s Randee Dawn noted the "same unicorn-and-rainbows flavor Disney has been shilling out for years", but adds that this "makes it practically perfect in every way." In a review for Variety, Brian Lowry called the show "borderline ridiculous" and stated that "there's nothing much to recommend." Furthermore, the Los Angeles Times'' review said that it was "not especially good."
Episodes
Music
Each week a song in promotion of an episode was released onto the iTunes Store. All songs were performed by Alexa Vega, except where noted.
"Lost in Your Own Life" (released on June 30, 2009)
"You are Where I Live" (released on July 21, 2009)
"The Way It's Gonna Be" (released on July 28, 2009)
"Forever Your Song" (released on August 4, 2009)
"Too High a Price" (released on August 11, 2009)
"Possibilities" (performed by Alexa Vega & Austin Butler) (released on August 18, 2009)
"Life, I Love You Not" (performed by Austin Butler) (released on September 1, 2009)
"When I Close My Eyes" (released on September 9, 2009)
References
External links
2000s American teen sitcoms
2009 American television series debuts
2009 American television series endings
ABC Family original programming
English-language television shows
Television series about families
Television series about teenagers
Television series by ABC Studios
Television shows set in Florida
Television series created by Shaun Cassidy
This is a list of episodes from the Fox animated television series Bobby's World. The series premiered on September 8, 1990 and ended on February 23, 1998. A total of 81 half-hour episodes were produced.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (1990–91)
Season 2 (1991)
Season 3 (1992–93)
Season 4 (1993–94)
Season 5 (1994–95)
Season 6 (1995–96)
Season 7 (1997–98)
Notes
References
Bobby's World
Mobilicoccus caccae is a Gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic and motile bacterium from the genus of Mobilicoccus which has been isolated from the feces of a primate (Rhinopithecus roxellana) from the Yunnan Wild Animal Park, Yunnan Province, China.
References
External links
Type strain of Mobilicoccus caccae at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2017
The Asiatic toad or Chusan Island toad (Bufo gargarizans) is a species of toad endemic to East Asia. The species was previously classified as Bufo bufo gargarizans, a subspecies of the common toad.
Distribution and habitat
It is common in China (specifically Anhui, Fujian, Gansu, Guizhou, Hebei, Heilongjiang, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Inner Mongolia, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Jilin, Qinghai, Shaanxi, Shandong, Shanxi, Sichuan, and Zhejiang) and portions of the Russian Far East (up north to the Amur River valley and on Sakhalin Island, and east to Transbaikalia in Siberia), but relatively rare on the Korean Peninsula. Asiatic toads are also found on the Miyako Islands of southern Japan, although they have been extirpated from some islands in recent years, possibly including Okinawa. The Miyako subspecies, Bufo gargarizans miyakonis, is also known as the Miyako toad.
The Asiatic toad avoids dense forests, but is found in most other habitats, including grasslands, open forests, meadows, and cultivated areas. It prefers humid areas, and is seldom found at altitudes of more than 800 meters.
Relationship with humans
The Asiatic toad plays an important role in traditional Oriental medicine. An extract of the toxins secreted by the toad, known as toad venom or chan-su, has long been touted for its medicinal properties. In addition, dried toad skins have been prescribed as remedies for dropsy and other ailments. More recently, Western medical science has also taken an interest in the toad. In 1998, an antimicrobial peptide was extracted from the toad, and patented.
Gallery
See also
Bufotoxins
Dobrovirus bufonis
Jin Chan
List of amphibians of Korea
References
Bufo
Amphibians of China
Amphibians of Japan
Amphibians of Korea
Amphibians of Russia
Amphibians described in 1842
Ketolides are antibiotics belonging to the macrolide group. Ketolides are derived from erythromycin by substituting the cladinose sugar with a keto-group and attaching a cyclic carbamate group in the lactone ring. These modifications give ketolides much broader spectrum than other macrolides. Moreover, ketolides are effective against macrolide-resistant bacteria, due to their ability to bind at two sites at the bacterial ribosome as well as having a structural modification that makes them poor substrates for efflux-pump mediated resistance.
Ketolides block protein synthesis by binding to ribosomal subunits and may also inhibit the formation of newly forming ribosomes. According to a recent study comparing the action of the classic macrolides erythromycin and azithromycin with ketolides, which are used to treat serious infections, the more powerful drugs (ketolides) were the more "leaky" in blocking the production of proteins. The researchers were surprised to discover that ketolides, which are known to be better antibiotics, allow for many more proteins to be made compared to the older, less efficient macrolides. As a result, it is now believed that allowing cells to make some proteins could be much more damaging for a microbe than not letting it make any proteins at all. The findings may point the way to better and more potent antibiotics.
The only ketolide on the market at this moment is telithromycin, which is sold under the brand name of Ketek. Other ketolides in development include cethromycin and solithromycin.
Medical uses
Ketolides are used to treat community-acquired bacterial pneumonia. Other respiratory tract infections were removed as indications when it was recognized that use of telithromycin can result in hepatitis and liver failure.
References
Giannis Kiakos (; born 14 February 1998) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Super League club PAS Giannina.
References
1998 births
Living people
Citizens of Greece through descent
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
German people of Greek descent
Sportspeople of Greek descent
Regionalliga players
Gamma Ethniki players
Super League Greece players
SpVgg Bayreuth players
Panionios F.C. players
Volos N.F.C. players
PAS Giannina F.C. players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Bamberg
Moscow is the capital of Russia.
Moscow may also refer to:
Music
Moscow (Tchaikovsky), 1883 cantata by Tchaikovsky
Oh Moscow, an album by Lindsay Cooper
Moscow (Giardini), a hymn tune by Felice Giardini, also called Italian Hymn
Moscow, English version of the song Moskau by German band Dschinghis Khan
Moscow, Idaho, an EP by The Cassandra Complex
Places
United States
Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama, unincorporated
Moscow, Marengo County, Alabama, unincorporated
Moscow, Arkansas, unincorporated
Moscow, Idaho, a city
Moscow, Indiana, unincorporated
Moscow, Iowa, unincorporated
Moscow, Kansas, a city
Moscow, Kentucky, unincorporated
Moscow, Maine, a town
Moscow, Maryland, unincorporated and census-designated place
Moscow, Minnesota, unincorporated
Moscow, Mississippi, unincorporated
Moscow, Ohio, a village
Moscow, Licking County, Ohio, a ghost town
Moscow, Pennsylvania, a borough
Moscow, Tennessee, a city
Moscow, Texas, unincorporated
Moscow, Vermont, unincorporated
Moscow, West Virginia, unincorporated
Moscow, Wisconsin, a town
Moscow (community), Wisconsin, unincorporated
Moscow Township (disambiguation)
Elsewhere
Moscow, a hamlet within the township of Stone Mills, Ontario, Canada
Moscow, India, a village in the Kottayam district of Kerala, India
Moscow Oblast, the federal subject that surrounds the Russian capital
Moscow, East Ayrshire, a hamlet in East Ayrshire, Scotland
Other uses
David Moscow (born 1974), American actor
FC Moscow, a Russian football club
Moscow (cycling team), a Russian road-racing team 2009–2010
MoSCoW method, a prioritisation technique used in business analysis and software development
Moscow Patriarchate
Moscow-850, a giant Ferris wheel located at the All-Russia Exhibition Centre, Moscow
See also
Mosco (disambiguation)
Moscou, Ghent, Belgium
Moskau (disambiguation)
Moskovsky (disambiguation)
Moskva (disambiguation)
New Moscow (disambiguation)
Camas County Highpoint, at above sea level is the second highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho and the highest point in Camas County. Located on the border of Blaine and Camas counties, Camas County Highpoint is about south-southwest of the range's highest point, Saviers Peak. The peak is also on the border of Sawtooth National Recreation Area and the Fairfield Ranger District of Sawtooth National Forest.
References
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Blaine County, Idaho
Mountains of Camas County, Idaho
Sawtooth National Forest
Kampp 150 is an ancient Egyptian tomb located in the Dra' Abu el-Naga' necropolis in Thebes. Based on a cartouche inscription, it probably dates back to the reign of Thutmose I of the Eighteenth Dynasty.
The owner
Who built this tomb is not yet clear. It may have been occupied by a scribe named Maati and his wife Mehu, according to funerary cones found in its courtyard, This is highly unlikely since his cones are securely dated to the reign of Thutmosis III. Another possibility is a person named Djehutymes, whose name was found on one of its walls. He may have been the owner or a relative.
History of archaeological work
The tomb is known since at least the 1990s and was registered as "Kampp 150" by Friederike Kampp-Seyfried during her survey in the years 1988/89. She gave a first account on the architecture and decoration of this funerary complex: It is a saff-tomb with an open courtyard and a four-pillared portikus, now mostly destroyed, a broad hall with a caved-in ceiling, and a long corridor, leading to the shaft room with a small niche in the middle of the back wall which was used as a chapel. A shaft is located in the northern half of this room. F. Kampp-Seyfried dated the tomb to the end of the 17th or beginning of the 18th Dynasty based on the architectural remains. Another tomb, Kampp 390, shares the courtyard with Kampp 150, but is probably later in date.
On December 9, 2017, the Ministry of State of Antiquities announced that the tomb was cleared from debris, along with Kampp 161, by a team of Egyptian archeologists.
Finds
A yet unidentified linen-wrapped mummy was found inside, along with funerary objects, like wooden statues and masks.
References
Bibliography
F. Kampp, Die thebanische Nekropole. Zum Wandel des Grabgedankens von der XVIII. bis zur XX. Dynastie, Theben 13.1-2 (Mainz 1996), Vol. II, p. 701–702, Fig. 619 ()
Theban tombs
Brenda Wadworth (26 November 1885 – 28 January 1962) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. She was the daughter of Jessie Wadworth. Wadworth competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round competition. She took ninth place in the event with 522 points.
References
External links
Brenda Wadworth's profile at Sports Reference.com
1885 births
1962 deaths
British female archers
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Shooting at the 2014 Asian Games was held in Pistol/Rifle at Ongnyeon International Shooting Range & Shotgun and Gyeonggido Shooting Range in Incheon, South Korea between 20 and 30 September 2014.
Schedule
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Participating nations
A total of 543 athletes from 34 nations competed in shooting at the 2014 Asian Games:
References
ISSF Results Overview
External links
Official website
2014 Asian Games events
2014 Asian Games
2014
Asian Games
Alfont is an unincorporated community in Green Township, Madison County, Indiana.
History
Alfont was laid out in about 1850. It was named for William Alfont, an early settler.
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
This is a list of the tallest structures in Turkmenistan. This list contains all tower, buildings and other structures in Turkmenistan based on standard height.
Tallest structures
This list ranks the structures in Turkmenistan that stand at least 90 m (295 ft). Only completed buildings and structured are included.
See also
List of the tallest structures in Central Asia
List of the tallest structures in the former Soviet Union
References
Tallest structures
Turkmenistan
Colibabovca is a village in Leova District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Leova District
Bulgarian communities in Moldova
The Princess of Dhagabad is a 2000 novel, the first book of a trilogy by Anna Kashina.
Plot introduction
The Princess of Dhagabad follows the princess as she grows up, in fictional Dhagabad, into a young woman of seventeen, when she proves that she more than capable of taking her destiny—and the destiny of Dhagabad—into her hands.
Plot summary
A magical book written with the exotic flavor of Arabian Nights, The Princess of Dhagabad is the first in a trilogy of fantasy novels. This sensuous and vividly imagined novel is about the coming-of-age of an Arabian princess, who is destined to be heiress to the throne of Dhagabad, and her relationship with Hasan, an all-powerful djinn who becomes her slave, teacher and steadfast companion.
The Princess of Dhagabad follows the princess as she grows from a child of twelve into a young woman of seventeen, at which age she proves, against all tradition, that she is more than capable of taking her destiny-and the destiny of Dhagabad-in hand.
Hasan, her devoted djinn, whose power and omniscience crush him under an unbearable burden, gradually releases himself from his centuries-old pain and apathy. He grows to enjoy spending time with his mistress, until one day-against all odds-he discovers a power greater than wisdom or immortality, greater than suffering—love.
Characters in "The Princess of Dhagabad"
Princess - The Princess of Dhagabad, protagonist
Hasan the Djinn - The princess' slave djinn
The Sultan- The princess' father, Sultan of Dhagabad
The Sultana- The princess' mother, Sultana of Dhagabad
Major themes
Djinn
Arabian Nights
Princesses
Marriage
Fictional places
Release details
2000, USA, Herodias , Pub date 15 May 2000, Hardcover
Sources, references, external links, quotations
Anna Kashina's official book website
American fantasy novels
2000 American novels
Worthy Stevens Streator (October 16, 1816 – March 6, 1902) was an American physician, railroad developer, industrialist and entrepreneur after whom the city of Streator, Illinois is named. He was instrumental in the creation of the Atlantic and Great Western Railway in Ohio, was president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O), and financed the first large-scale coal mine operation in Northern Illinois in 1866. He served as an Ohio State Senator in 1869, and was the first mayor of East Cleveland, Ohio. He was an influential in the development of many civic institutions in his home city of Cleveland, Ohio. He co-founded the Christian Standard magazine, he was an original endower of Case School of Applied Science and was a principal in the creation of the James A. Garfield Monument; the first true mausoleum created in the United States in honor of President James A. Garfield. He was a pallbearer at President Garfield's funeral in 1881.
Background
Born in Hamilton, Madison County, New York, on October 16, 1816, Streator was a descendant of Stephen Streeter, who emigrated to Gloucester, Massachusetts in 1642, whose lineage traces back to the 15th century in Kent, England. His great-grandfather, John Streator, served in the American Revolutionary War as a private in the Berkshire County, Massachusetts, Militia. At age eighteen he entered medical school and upon graduation moved to Aurora, Ohio, in 1838. In 1839 he married Sarah Wakeley Sterling, of Lyman, New York. They had five children; Helen Gertrude (born May 20, 1842), Sterling Rush (born December 31, 1845), Henry Doolittle (born August 26, 1851), Edward H. (born August 20, 1855) and Harold Arthur (born August 5, 1861). By 1850, Streator moved to Cleveland, Ohio, and retired from medicine.
Railroads
Once in Cleveland and removed from the practice of medicine, Streator embarked on his second career in developing railroads. With his partner, Henry Doolittle, their firm built the Greenville and Medina Railroad. In 1853 they contracted for the construction of the Atlantic and Great Western Railroad in Ohio. Work continued on this and other ancillary lines of the railroad until completion in 1861, when he sold his unfinished contracts upon the death of Doolittle.
In 1862 he began plans for the Oil Creek Railroad, which would bring newly discovered oil from the Oil Creek fields in western Pennsylvania to the town of Corry, Pennsylvania. This highly coveted railroad was a great financial success for Streator. The public's interest in the oil fields was so great that crowds gathered to view the oil being loaded onto the railcars. By 1866, Streator sold his interest in the Oil Creek line to the New York Central Railroad. He then began construction of a new line from Corry to New York Central's Buffalo and Erie Railroad line in Brocton, New York.
Vermilion Coal Company
Upon completion of the Corry to Brocton railroad line, Streator suspended his involvement in rails and began a third career developing coal mines on the Vermilion River in North-Central Illinois. While it is unclear as to whether Streator or his cousin, Col. Ralph Plumb learned first of the vast, untapped coal fields on the banks of the Vermilion River, Streator gathered other investors and formed the Vermilion Coal Company in 1866 with Streator as its president and Plumb as the Business Manager. Plumb and Streator "invited" Streator's friend, then Ohio Congressman, James A. Garfield to sign on as an investor. In return, Garfield was expected to work with Robert C. Schenck, then the president of the American Central railroad, in getting the railroad to "bend their lines" to the coal mine in the area known as Hardscrabble in LaSalle County, Illinois. Eventually the plan did not work. The Vermilion Company then made arrangements with the Fox River line for their needed rail service. The company purchased of land and dispatched Col. Plumb to begin work. Plumb surveyed the area for the incoming Fox River Line, platted the land for the new town and commenced to build a total of eight mine shafts.
Plumb needed laborers for his mines, but the Vermilion Coal Company was unable to afford European employment agents. Instead, it alerted steamship offices of the new job opportunities and convinced local railroads to carry notices of Vermilion Coal's promise. Scottish, English, Welsh, German and Irish immigrants came to the area first, followed later by scores of mostly Slovaks. Czechs, Austrians and Hungarians came in lesser numbers.
The coal operation was an immediate success due to the increasing appetite for coal in the United States. In 1870, the Dwight Division of the Chicago and Alton Railroad was commenced. The Chicago, Pekin and Southwestern rail line came next and was followed by the Chicago and Paducah railroad. This increase in rail construction gave the region unparalleled advantages in shipping. By 1877, the Vermilion Coal Company employed 1,200 miners.
Streator, Illinois
In 1868 the newly developed town that was created in conjunction with the mines was incorporated as Streator, Illinois, named in honor of Streator. Colonel Ralph Plumb served as the new city's first mayor. Worthy Streator, himself, never visited the city named for him.
The success of the local mining operations and the introduction of the new glass making industry allowed for improvements in the living conditions and personal wealth of its miners and laborers.
In his 1877 History of LaSalle County, author H.F. Kett states:
Perhaps no city...in Illinois, outside of the great city of Chicago, presents an instance of such rapid and substantial growth as the city of Streator. From a single small grocery house... the locality has grown to be a city of 6,000 prosperous and intelligent people. Churches, school-houses, large, substantial business houses and handsome residences, with elegant grounds and surroundings, now beautify the waste of ten years ago, while the hum of machinery and thronged streets are unmistakable evidences of business importance and prosperity.
Streator continued to flourish for much of the 20th century. Ultimately the demand for coal was replaced with the new demand for oil. Many of the mines closed in the 1920s, with the last of the mines finally shutting down in 1958. Since then, growth has stagnated, but Streator remains a viable manufacturing town with a glass bottle and a heavy equipment industry in addition to retail and agriculture.
Political life
With the success of the Vermilion Coal Company in Streator, Illinois, Streator turned his attention back to his home in Cleveland and specifically toward politics. In 1869 he was elected to the Ohio State Senate representing Cuyahoga County's 20th senate district. In 1872 he left the senate after one term and was named by then Ohio Governor (and later U.S. president) Rutherford B. Hayes as trustee of the Ohio Agricultural College. He served as a presidential elector for the Ohio 20th district in 1874 and voted for Hayes. In 1879, Hayes appointed Streator as Collector of Internal Revenue for the Northern District of Ohio. He was re-appointed by Presidents Garfield and Chester A. Arthur.
Cleveland civic life
Throughout his life Streator maintained close ties with the civic and business leaders in Cleveland and Ohio. He was involved with his church, the Disciples Church. He was a long-time resident of a grand mansion on on "Millionaires' Row" along Euclid Avenue in Cleveland. His neighbors included the first American billionaire, John D. Rockefeller.
In 1865, Streator along with James A. Garfield and J.P. Robison organized the Christian Standard publishing company. Its periodical, Christian Standard became one of the leading independent religious magazines in the church. In 1887, Streator was instrumental in founding the Disciples Union of Cleveland.
After the death of Streator's friend, Leonard Case in 1880, Streator along with other Cleveland leaders enacted Case's plan to create a first-class research institute in Cleveland. The initial endowment by the group, led by the estate of Leonard Case created what was later to become the Case Western Reserve University.
By 1886, Streator returned to business, when he partnered with William Halsey Doan in creating the firm of W.H. Doan & Company. They began selling crude oil on commission, shipping it from the oil fields of northwestern Pennsylvania to Cleveland.
James A. Garfield
Streator had a long association with President James A. Garfield. Streator offered Garfield a partnership in the Vermilion Coal Company in 1866. Garfield partnered with Streator in creating the Christian Standard publishing company. Garfield appointed Streator to political positions.
Garfield represented Ohio in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1863 until his election as president in 1881. Garfield was in office for only four months, when he was shot and fatally wounded on July 2, 1881. Garfield died from complications of his wounds on September 19, 1881. The funeral held on September 26, 1881 was a majestic, solemn affair. An estimated one hundred thousand visitors came to Cleveland for the service and two-hundred and fifty thousand people lined the streets to view the five-mile procession which concluded at Cleveland's Lake View Cemetery. Worthy Streator was one of twelve friends and colleagues who took their place alongside Garfield's funeral car to serve as pall-bearers.
A year after Garfield's death, Streator became a principal member of an association created to build the Garfield Monument, in honor of their friend. Construction of the graystone mausoleum began in 1885. It contained a chapel in its center which hold the crypt of President Garfield and his wife, Lucretia. The monument was dedicated by Presidents Rutherford B. Hayes and Benjamin Harrison on May 29, 1890.
Death and legacy
Streator died at age 85 on March 3, 1902 in Cleveland, Ohio. He was buried at Lake View Cemetery.
Streator is known primarily for the city of Streator, Illinois. In Cleveland, there was a street named Streator Avenue for many years, and currently there is a Streator Court. Streator Park, in Lorain, Ohio houses the headquarters of the city's Parks and Recreation Department on land donated by Streator's estate. It is located at the corner of Long & Streator Streets.
The Parks Department building was, until 1957, the Lorain Public Library.
References
Further reading
1816 births
1902 deaths
People from Hamilton, New York
Ohio Republicans
Ohio state senators
Physicians from Cleveland
History of Cleveland
19th-century American railroad executives
People from Streator, Illinois
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Mayors of East Cleveland, Ohio
Streator, Illinois
People from LaSalle County, Illinois
People from Aurora, Ohio
Politicians from Cleveland
19th-century American politicians
Gustaf Lennart Lind (24 June 1893 – 6 August 1961) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics, but was eliminated in the second bout.
References
External links
1893 births
1961 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
People from Porvoo
Sportspeople from Uusimaa
Alan Robertson may refer to:
Alan Robertson (footballer) (born 1952), Scottish footballer and coach
Alan Robertson (South African soccer player) (born 1994), South African soccer player
Alan Robertson (geneticist) (1920–1989), English population geneticist
Alan Robertson (swimmer), New Zealand swimmer
Alan Robertson (judge) (born 1950), former judge Federal Court of Australia (2011–2020)
Alan S. Robertson (born 1941), former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Alan W. Robertson (1906–1978), British philatelist
See also
Allan Robertson (1815–1859), Scottish golfer
The Torah Academy is a Chabad Jewish day school in Johannesburg, South Africa. It comprises a boys' high school, a girls' high school (on a separate campus), a primary school and a nursery school. The Mission of the school is to "provide and promote the highest quality Jewish and general education to a diverse community of Jewish children... [and] to cultivate students to reach personal excellence, and to be responsible members of society." Although the school is Chassidic Orthodox, families of all levels of observance are welcomed.
The school provides a Kodesh (Jewish Studies) curriculum "combined with a strong secular studies program within a single framework." Kodesh studies comprise Torah (Chumash, Navi, Mishna and Talmud), Halacha (Jewish law), Hebrew language, and Jewish History; at the Boy's High School, studies are within a Mesivta environment. The secular program follows the national and provincial standards, and students are fully prepared for writing "Matric"; pass rate are generally very high, and students often achieve competitively in these exams.
The main campus, purchased in 1980, comprises a stone building with stained glass windows on approximately of lawns and gardens, playing fields, including netball, basketball and soccer fields, recreational facilities, classrooms, a computer/media centre, science laboratory, and a pre-school department. On campus there is also "Lubavitch House", which contains the offices of the dean and administrator, with boardrooms, a printing room, and a dining room and kitchen. The Torah Academy Shul, serving the (Chabad) community in that area of Johannesburg, is also on campus.
See also
Jewish education in South Africa under History of the Jews in South Africa
Lubavitch Yeshiva Gedolah of Johannesburg
References
External links
Torah Academy School Website
chabad.org Listing
Orthodox yeshivas in South Africa
Chabad schools
Schools in Johannesburg
Jews and Judaism in Johannesburg
Private schools in Gauteng
Jewish schools in South Africa
On the Rock is an album by the Jamaican vocal trio Israel Vibration, released in 1995. It was nominated for a National Association of Independent Record Distributors Award. The trio promoted the album with a North American tour. Its singles were "Sugar Me" and "Rudeboy Shufflin".
A dub version of the album, Dub the Rock, was released.
Production
The album was produced by the trio and Doctor Dread. The three members each wrote four songs. The Roots Radics Band backed Israel Vibration. The title track is about the increase in the number of younger people sent to prison. "Love Is All You Need" interprets the Beatles song. Polio survivors, the trio display their mobility aids on the album cover.
Critical reception
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch deemed On the Rock "another uncompromising and exceptional disc of modern roots reggae." The Gazette determined that the album "not only conjures up the conscious Marley vibe, it is a thing of beauty against great odds."
The Times Colonist concluded that "like Marley, Israel Vibration are sweet prophets of doom and transcendence, and On the Rock is a reminder of reggae's powers to challenge, transform and inspire." The Boston Globe opined: "An outstanding disc, it consciously echoes a Bob Marley vibe as snatches of his lyrics rise up from within the deep reggae grooves."
AllMusic called the album "music with soul, thought provoking and totally satisfying."
Track listing
References
Israel Vibration albums
1995 albums
Slotoxin is a peptide from Centruroides noxius Hoffmann scorpion venom. It belongs to the short scorpion toxin superfamily.
Method of isolation
For isolation of slotoxin, scorpions of the species Centruroides noxius are milked for venom in the laboratory. The crude venom is being dissolved in distilled water and spun. The supernatant is separated. The active fraction is then further separated.
Structure
The 37 amino acid peptide belongs to the charybdotoxin sub-family (αKTx1) and was numbered member 11. αKTx1.11 revealed specificity for mammalian MaxiK channels (hSlo), thus, was named slotoxin. Its sequence is H-Thr-Phe-Ile-Asp-Val-Asp-Cys(1)-Thr-Val-Ser-Lys-Glu-Cys(2)-Trp-Ala-Pro-Cys(3)-Lys-Ala-Ala-Phe-Gly-Val-Asp-Arg-Gly-Lys-Cys(1)-Met-Gly-Lys-Lys-Cys(2)-Lys-Cys(3)-Tyr-Val-OH.
Targets
Slotoxin reversibly blocks the high conductance calcium-activated potassium channels composed of only α-subunits (Kd = 1.5 nM). Unreversibly blocks the high conductance calcium-activated potassium channels composed of α- and β1-subunits. Unreversibly and weakly blocks the high conductance calcium-activated potassium channels composed of α- and β4-subunits. It shows no activity on other potassium channels.
Mode of action
The positively charged surface (C-terminal) of SloTx has a specific short-range interaction with the negatively charged pore region of potassium-channels leading to channel blockade. Specific hydrophobic residue-residue interactions between SloTx and MaxiK channels may also contribute to toxin-channel interaction. Another region in the potassium channel (flanking the N-terminal of SloTx) is situated in the face opposite to the site of toxin-pore interaction, and might have implications for the modulation of channel blockade by the MaxiK β subunits.
SloTx is suggested to interact with the MaxiK channel pore-forming α-subunit
by blocking the pore via a bimolecular reaction.
Toxicity
The large-conductance voltage and calcium-activated potassium (MaxiK, BK) channels are intrinsic membrane proteins that regulate excitability in a large variety of tissues including brain and smooth muscle.
References
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/viewer.fcgi?db=protein&val=90101392
Neurotoxins
Ion channel toxins
Peptides
Scorpion toxins
Ohme is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Johan Andreas Cornelius Ohme (1746–1818), Danish-Norwegian army officer
Kevin Ohme (born 1971), Major League Baseball pitcher
Melanie Ohme (born 1990), German chess player
Dongwuyuan station (动物园站, "Zoo Station") may refer to:
Zoo station (Chongqing Rail Transit), a station on Line 2 of Chongqing Rail Transit
Dongwuyuan (Beijing Zoo) station, a station on Line 4 of the Beijing Subway
See also
Zoo station (disambiguation)
Note: In 2012, the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature was amended, with new regulations allowing the publication of new names and nomenclatural acts in zoology after 2011, in works "produced in an edition containing simultaneously obtainable copies by a method that assures (...) widely accessible electronic copies with fixed content and layout", provided that the work is registered in ZooBank before it is published, the work itself states the date of publication with evidence that registration has occurred, and the ZooBank registration states both the name of an electronic archive intended to preserve the work and the ISSN or ISBN associated with the work. New scientific names appearing in electronic works are not required to be registered in ZooBank, only the works themselves are. Works containing descriptions of some of the taxa listed below were not printed on paper in 2012; however, the taxa that were described in works which were registered in ZooBank in 2012 are listed as valid.
Plants
Arthropods
The following is a summary of the arthropods described in 2012
41 arachnids
105 crustaceans
362 insects
5 merostomatans
51 trilobites
9 other arthropods
Bryozoans
Brachiopods
Molluscs
The following is a summary of the Molluscs described in 2012
54 ammonites
14 other cephalopods
52 gastropods
15 other molluscs
Echinoderms
Ascidians
Conodonts
Fishes
During 2012, 81 new species of fish were described.
Amphibians
Research
A study of the braincase of Eocaecilia micropodia and a phylogenetic analysis of non-amniote tetrapods is published by Hillary C. Maddin, Farish A. Jenkins Jr and Jason S. Anderson (2012).
A study of anatomy and relationships of Solenodonsaurus janenschi is published by Marylène Danto, Florian Witzmann and Johannes Müller (2012).
A study of limb joint mobility of Ichthyostega is published by Stephanie E. Pierce, Jennifer A. Clack and John R. Hutchinson (2012).
New taxa
Newly named basal tetrapods
Newly named temnospondyls
Newly named lepospondyls
Newly named lissamphibians
Parareptiles
Newly named parareptiles
Ichthyopterygians
Newly named ichthyosaurs
Lepidosauromorphs
Newly named saurosphargids
Newly named sauropterygians
Newly named rhynchocephalians
Squamates
Research
A large phylogenetic analysis of living and fossil squamates is published by Jacques A. Gauthier et al. (2012).
A study of squamate diversity in North America during the latest Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) and the impact of Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event on the diversity of the group is published by Nicholas R. Longrich, Bhart-Anjan S. Bhullar and Jacques A. Gauthier (2012).
New taxa
Turtles
Research
A large phylogenetic analysis of basal turtles is published by Jérémy Anquetin (2012).
New taxa
Archosauromorphs
Newly named basal archosauromorphs
Archosaurs
The following is a summary of the archosaurs described in 2012
8 pseudosuchians
1 basal dinosauriform
40 non-avian dinosaurs
64 birds
9 pterosaurs
1 archosaur of uncertain phylogenetic placement
Synapsids
Non-mammalian synapsids
Research
A phylogenetic analysis of basal synapsids is published by Roger B. J. Benson (2012).
New taxa
Mammals
The following is a summary of the mammals described in 2012
9 non-eutherian Mammals
24 eutherian Mammals
Other animals
Other organisms
References
2010s in paleontology
Paleontology
Parvaz Homay (born 9 February 1980 in Gilan, Iran) is an Iranian composer, lyricist, vocalist, and performer specializing in Persian classical-style music. Also known by his given birth name Saieed Jafar-Zadeh, he is better known in the public as Homay. He is the founder and leader of the Mastan Ensemble.
Biography
Homay was born in Gilan, a province located in north-west portion of Iran, bordering the Caspian Sea. From an early age, Homay showed an interest in the arts. His favorite subjects at school were poetry and painting. At the age of 15, he began singing and acting in theater. At 16, he entered art school where he would receive his diploma for painting.
At the age of 19, he left theater school and decided to study musical harmonization and composition with focus on piano and setar. Receiving his formal education in art studies and pursuing his degree from The Conservatory of Music in Tehran, Iran, Homay studied Persian poetry. His studies were conducted under supervision of professors such as Dr. Ali Gholi Bakhtiari-Tayari and Mr. Ali-Akbar Kanni.
Homay learned Gilaki folk music with Mr. Fereydoun Pour-Reza and Persian classical music (radif) with Maestros Kamal-Din Abbas, Hengameh Akhvan and Karim Saleh Azimi.
At the age of 30 he decided to study Italian Opera. To learn the discipline, he traveled to Italy and Canada to study under two operatic masters - Mr. Daniel Ebi (Toronto) and Mr. Delfo Menicucci (Viargu, Italy).
Homay & Mastan Ensemble Performances
Homay & the Mastan Ensemble enjoyed success after the release of their album entitled "Molaghaat Ba Doozakhian," or "Meeting with Sinners among the Flames", which was written, composed, and sung by Homay.
Homay & the Mastan Ensemble released "In Che Jahanist?" ("Questions for Our World", "What sort of World is This?") in 2007, an album that examining the relationship between human beings and the reality that they create.
His performances have been held at notable and sizable venues across the globe, including but not limited to Los Angeles' Walt Disney Concert Hall, the Lincoln Center in New York, Strathmore Hall in the Washington D.C. area, and Roy Thompson Hall in Toronto, Canada.
Over the past several years, Homay has been working on an international project entitled "Saving Our Planet Earth". To compile the various components of this project both musically and artistically, Homay has spent much time traveling and conducting research in various countries around the world, including Africa, India and Iran.
Parvaz has performed several mixed performances of Persian music in conjunction with symphony orchestras in operatic format in Belgium, Los Angeles and Toronto. Some of these include:
"Moses and the Shepherd" (Walt Disney Concert Hall, Los Angeles, CA. Conductor: Mr. Shahrdad Rouhani)
"Love, Wisdom and Man" (Tonhalle, Düsseldorf, Germany; CCH - Congress Center Hamburg, Germany; Palais Des Beaux Arts Bruxselles, Belgium; Barbican Hall, London, United Kingdom Conductor: Mr. Walter Proost)
"Love, Wisdom and Man", Roy Thompson Hall Toronto, Ontario, Conductor: Mr. Kerry Stratton
Other significant tours have included:
Vahdat Concert Hall / Tehran-Iran 2006
International Tour 2006 - 2007
Niyavaran Palace / Tehran-Iran 2007
Roodaki Concert Hall / Tehran-Iran 2007
United States Tour 2008
Walt Disney Concert Hall / Los Angeles, CA 3 July 2008
Encinitas community center / San Diego, CA 2008
Santa Clara convention center / San Jose, CA 2008
Strathmore Music Center / Washington DC 19 July 2008
2008 Rumi's Anniversary
Konya-Turkey 14 December 2008
United States Tour 2009
Walt Disney Concert Hall / Los Angeles, CA 16 August 2009
Palace of Fine Arts / San Francisco 22 August 2009
Benaroya Hall / Seattle 23 August 2009
Museum of Contemporary Art / San Diego 29 & 30 August 2009
Stafford Center / Houston 4 September 2009
Garland Art Center / Dallas 5 September 2009
Lincoln Center (Alice Tully Hall) 19 September 2009
Strathmore Music Center / Washington DC 25 September 2009
Northeastern University / Chicago 26 September 2009
Gwinnett Performing Arts Center / Atlanta 27 September 2009
International Tour 2009
Vancouver, BC / 9 October 2009
Toronto, ON / 11 October 2009
Montreal, QC / 16 October 2009
2010 North America Tour
Los Angeles, CA/ 15 August 2010
San Francisco, CA / 21 August 2010
San Diego, CA / 28 August 2010
Houston, TX / 4 September 2010
Dallas, TX / 5 September 2010
Miami, FL / 10 September 2010
Orlando, FL / 12 September 2010
Atlanta, GA / 18 September 2010
Washington, D.C. / 19 September 2010
New York, NY / 24 September 2010
Toronto, ON / 3 October 2010
Montreal, QC / 8 October 2010
Vancouver, BC / 16 October 2010
Calgary, AB / 23 October 2010
2010 Europe Tour
2011 North America Tour
2011 Europe Tour
2012 Europe Tour
2013 North America Tour
2013 Europe Tour
2014 Europe Tour
Albums by Homay and the Mastan Ensamble
Jedale Aghl va Eshgh (2005) (The Battle between Wisdom and Heart)
Molahgat ba Doozakhian (2006) (Meeting with the Infernals)
In Che Jahanist? (2007) (What Sort of World Is This?)
Sar Zamine Bi Karan (2008) (Endless Country)
Parvardgare Mast (2009) (Drunken Creator)
Ajab Abe Gelaloodi (2010) -unreleased (A Hidden Truth Within Muddy Waters)
Mussa va Shaban: Moses and the Shepherd (2010) -unreleased
Mastan Symphonic (2010) -unreleased
Morgh-e Sahar Naleh Sar Nakon (Don't Cry Morning Bird)
Sarbazaan (Soldiers)
Dar Aghosh-e Khoda (In the Bosom of God)
Mast-e Mastam (I'm Dead Drunk)
Banu-ye Irani (Iranian Girl)
Kolahat Ra Bekon Ghazi (Be Your Own Judge)
Bayadha Va Nabayadha (The Do's and Don't's)
Divaneh Cho Divaneh Bebinad Khoshashayad
Khodah Dar Roostaye Mast (God is in my Village)
References
1980 births
Living people
Iranian classical singers
Iranian composers
21st-century Iranian male singers
Iranian singer-songwriters
People from Gilan Province
Persian classical musicians
Islamic Azad University alumni
Marysville High School may refer to:
Marysville High School (California)
Marysville High School (Michigan)
Marysville High School (Ohio)
The Old Church Cemetery (also known as Cobh Cemetery) is an ancient cemetery on the outskirts of the town of Cobh, County Cork, Ireland which contains a significant number of important burials, including a number 3 mass graves and several individual graves containing the remains of 193 victims of the passenger ship which was sunk by a German torpedo off the Old Head of Kinsale during the First World War in May 1915 with the loss of more than 1,100 lives. The Commonwealth War Graves Commission register and maintain the graves of 127 identified Commonwealth service personnel (including Lusitania victims) from the same war.
Notable burials
Captain Thomas Brierley, awarded a medal for his part in rescue of survivors from RMS Lusitania
Jack Doyle (1913–1978), boxer, singer and actor
Robert Forde (1875–1959), Antarctic explorer
Charles Hallahan (1943–1997), American Actor
Frederick Daniel Parslow (1856–1915), posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross and first member of British Mercantile Marine to receive the award
Charles Wolfe (1791–1823), poet, remembered for "The Burial of Sir John Moore at Corunna"
Louis Piatt (1876–1884), son of American poets John James Piatt and Sarah Morgan Bryan Piatt; drowned in a boating accident in Cork Harbor
Dr James Roche Verling (1787–1858), personal physician to Napoleon Bonaparte during his exile on St. Helena
Six members of the crew of the British submarine which was destroyed in an accidental explosion at nearby Haulbowline Naval Base in February 1905
References
External links
Cemeteries in the Republic of Ireland
Monuments and memorials in the Republic of Ireland
Religion in County Cork
The 2019 KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships in speed skating were held in Heerenveen at the Thialf ice skating rink from 26 January to 27 January 2019. The tournament was part of the 2018–2019 speed skating season. Hein Otterspeer and Jutta Leerdam won the sprint titles. The sprint championships were held at the same time as the 2019 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships.
Schedule
Medalist
Men's sprint
Women's sprint
Classification
Men's sprint
Women's sprint
Source:
References
KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships
KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships
2019 Sprint
The 2018 Petit Le Mans (formally known as the 2018 MOTUL Petit Le Mans for sponsorship reasons) was the 21st running of the Petit Le Mans, and was held on October 15th 2018. It was the last race in the 2018 IMSA WeatherTech Sportscar Championship, and the last race of the 2018 Tequila Patron North American Endurance Cup, and was run at Road Atlanta in Braselton, Georgia. The race was won overall by the #10 Wayne Taylor Racing Cadillac DPi-V.R.
Background
Entry List
Due to a highly controversial change made by the FIA/ACO in the 2018-19 FIA World Endurance Championship, which saw the date of the 6 Hours of Fuji moved to allow Fernando Alonso to compete at the home race of the sole LMP1 manufacturer, Toyota, several drivers which were due to compete in both events were unable to do so. As such, the entry list featured a large number of changes compared to the previous rounds of the championship.
Qualifying
Pole Positions for each class is denoted in Bold.
Race
Results
Class winners are denoted in bold.
References
Petit Le Mans
2018 WeatherTech SportsCar Championship season
Ilzaam () is a 1954 Indian Hindi-language film directed by R. C. Talwar starring Meena Kumari, Kishore Kumar in lead roles. Madan Mohan gave the music of the film.
Plot
The urban settled boy Rajan (Kishore Kumar) falls in love with a village happy-go-lucky girl Kamli (Meena Kumari) but his mother is against their relationship. Situations occur when their relationship faces a blue. What happens next? Will they come together?
Cast
Meena Kumari as Kamli
Kishore Kumar as Rajan
Shammi as Rekha
Randhir as Lakhoo
Om Prakash
Meera Devi as Ranjan's mother
Jagdish Kanwar
Jagdish Sethi
Tiwari
Crew
Director – R. C. Talwar
Producer – Rafiq Anwar, R. C. Talwar
Dialogues – Ramanand Sagar
Screenplay – R. C. Talwar
Cinematography – Madan Sinha
Music – Madan Mohan
Lyrics – Rajendra Krishan
Editing – Prakash Malhotra
Playback Singers – Manna Dey, Asha Bhosle, Kishore Kumar, Shamshad Begum and Sunder
Soundtrack
The film had eight songs in it. The music of the film was composed by Madan Mohan. Rajendra Krishan wrote the lyrics.
References
External links
1954 films
1950s Hindi-language films
The 30th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1890 Nova Scotia general election, the 29th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 30th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1894 Nova Scotia general election, the 30th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 31st General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 8th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1981 Nova Scotia general election, the 52nd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 53rd Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 30th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
North Branch Mehoopany Creek (also known as North Fork Mehoopany Creek or North Branch Mehoppany Creek) is a tributary of Mehoopany Creek in Bradford County, Sullivan County, and Wyoming County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Wilmot Township in Bradford County, Colley Township in Sullivan County, and North Branch Township and Forkston Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of . The creek has eight named direct tributaries, including hollows. In the 1940s and 1950s, the average discharge for September was found to be just , but was found to be over for July and August.
North Branch Mehoopany Creek has a deep, narrow valley, with "rough and hilly" topography. The upper reaches of the creek's watershed contain swamps and small lakes. Although forested land is the most prevalent land use in the creek's watershed, agricultural land is also present. A number of bridges have been constructed over the creek. Its watershed is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. The creek has wild trout naturally reproducing within it.
Course
North Branch Mehoopany Creek begins in Wilmot Township, Bradford County. It flows south for several tenths of a mile, flowing through an unnamed lake, before turning southwest and then south-southeast, entering Colley Township, Sullivan County and crossing Pennsylvania Route 87. After several tenths of a mile, the creek turns east-southeast for several tenths of a mile before receiving the tributary Wolf Run from the left. It then meanders south for a few tenths of a mile to receive the tributary Smith Cabin Run from the right. The creek then flows east, continuing to follow Pennsylvania Route 87. After more than a mile, it turns southeast and then east again for several tenths of a mile. It then turns northeast for several tenths of a mile, receiving the tributary Barnes Brook from the right and the tributary Scotia Brook from the left and turning east.
North Branch Mehoopany Creek then enters North Branch Township, Wyoming County and flows east-northeast for a few miles, still following Pennsylvania Route 87. It receives the tributary Miller Brook from the left and then turns east-southeast for more than a mile, receiving the tributaries Burgess Brook from the left and Douglas Hollow from the right. The creek then turns east-northeast and enters Forkston Township, where it turns east-northeast. After several tenths of a mile, it turns east for several tenths of a mile, receiving the tributary Farr Hollow from the left and turning south. A short distance further downstream, the creek reaches its confluence with Mehoopany Creek.
North Branch Mehoopany Creek is approximately long. The creek joins Mehoopany Creek upstream of its mouth.
Hydrology and climate
Between 1942 and 1958, the average annual discharge of North Branch Mehoopany Creek near Lovelton ranged from in 1954 to in 1948. Between December 1940 and September 1958, the months of the year with the highest average discharge were April and March, with discharges of , respectively. The months of the year with the lowest average discharge were September and July, with discharges of . The highest average discharge for an individual month was , which occurred in April 1958. The lowest was , which occurred in September 1941.
In the early 1900s, the average annual rate of precipitation in the watershed of North Branch Mehoopany Creek is .
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of North Branch Mehoopany Creek is above sea level. The elevation near the creek's source is above sea level.
The topography of the watershed of North Branch Mehoopany Creek has been described as "rough and hilly". The creek has a deep and narrow valley flanked by steep hills. In the early 1900s, the creek's valley was noted to be very fertile. Near the headwaters, there are swamps and small lakes. The creek has a channel that is sinuous and flows through rock formations consisting of sandstone and shale.
The bedrock in the watershed of North Branch Mehoopany Creek consists entirely of sandstone. The Arnot-Oquaga-Dystrochrepts soil association occurs between North Branch Mehoopany Creek and Mehoopany Creek. In the 2000s, accelerated erosion of streambanks and lateral shifting were identified at five locations on North Branch Mehoopany Creek. This was caused by man-made alterations after Tropical Storm Agnes in 1972 and other flooding events, as well as dredging in the creek. Remedying this would reduce the sediment load of Mehoopany Creek.
Watershed
The watershed of North Branch Mehoopany Creek has an area of . The mouth of the creek is in the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Forkston. However, its source is in the quadrangle of Meshoppen. The creek's mouth is located within of Forkston. There are of streams within the creek's watershed. The watershed of the creek occupies parts of Wyoming County, Sullivan County, and Bradford County.
There is a pond known as Saxe Pond in the upper reaches of the watershed of North Branch Mehoopany Creek. The pond has a dam in Wilmot Township, Bradford County. Pennsylvania Route 87 runs alongside the creek for much of its length. There is a stream gage on the creek near Lovelton, at an elevation of above sea level. The creek drains an area of at this point.
The main land use in the watershed of North Branch Mehoopany Creek is forested land, but there are significant areas of agricultural land as well. The watershed of the creek contains 10 drilled wells and another 14 permitted wells.
North Branch Mehoopany Creek is the largest tributary of Mehoopany Creek, forming approximately a third of the creek's watershed.
History
North Branch Mehoopany Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1193036. The creek is also known as North Fork Mehoopany Creek and North Fork Mehoppany Creek. The latter variant name appears in a 1983 county highway map created by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation. However, in 1969, civil engineer Ronald W. Hurs was unable to find any evidence that locals referred to the creek as "North Fork Mehoopany Creek". Deeds dating back to about 100 years before that all called the creek "North Branch Mehoopany Creek". North Branch Township probably takes its name from the creek.
The first road in North Branch Township, Wyoming County was built from Forkston up the valley of North Branch Mehoopany Creek. In the early 1900s, the main industry in the watershed of North Branch Mehoopany Creek was agriculture. Major communities in the creek's watershed at the time included Lovelton, with 136 people, and Colley, with 75 people. The creek was used as water power for a gristmill at Lovelton in the early 1900s.
A two-span prestressed box beam or girders bridge carrying State Route 3001 over North Branch Mehoopany Creek was built in Forkston Township, Wyoming County in 1987 and is long. A steel stinger/multi-beam or girder bridge carrying T-410 over the creek was built in Colley Township, Sullivan County in 1925 and is long.
In 1973, a 21-year-old man drowned in North Branch Mehoopany Creek.
When the Mehoopany and Little Mehoopany Creek Watershed Assessment was completed by Borton-Lawson in 2003, North Branch Mehoopany Creek was identified as "problem area" in need of restoration. However, by 2013, projects were being done to stabilize the banks of the creek. The Institute for Energy and Environmental Research was planning on installing a real-time continuous monitor on the creek, but flooding has made these plans uncertain.
Biology
Wild trout naturally reproduce in North Branch Mehoopany Creek from its upper reaches downstream to its mouth. The drainage basin of the creek is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. A total of of streams in the creek's watershed are designated a Natural Trout Reproduction, while are Trout Stocked. In the 1980s, the creek was noted to be best for trout fishing in the early part of the season.
North Branch Mehoopany Creek is stocked with trout. In the 1980s, it was stocked with brook trout, brown trout, and rainbow trout. Stocking occurs in both Wyoming County and Sullivan County. In the 2000s, a total of 31 species of fish were observed in the creek, including darters, daces, suckers, and bluegills.
North Branch Mehoopany Creek is too small to support viable hellbender populations, even at its mouth.
See also
Rogers Hollow, next tributary of Mehoopany Creek going downstream
Bowman Hollow, next tributary of Mehoopany Creek going upstream
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
External links
Map of the North Branch Mehoopany Creek watershed
Rivers of Bradford County, Pennsylvania
Rivers of Sullivan County, Pennsylvania
Rivers of Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Mehoopany Creek
Gianluca Signorini (17 March 1960 – 6 November 2002) was an Italian footballer, who played as a defender. He made more than 200 appearances for Genoa C.F.C.
Career
Born in Pisa, Signorini started his career playing for his home team, Pisa S.C. of Serie C1, and successively for Pietrasanta, Prato, Livorno, Ternana and Cavese before joining A.C. Parma, with Arrigo Sacchi as coach. He quickly became a key player for Parma, helping the club to Serie B promotion in 1986, winning the Serie C1 title. He was successively signed by Nils Liedholm's A.S. Roma, and then to Genoa in 1988, after personal requests by coach Francesco Scoglio; during his first season with the club, he immediately helped the team to Serie A promotion by winning the 1988–89 Serie B title. In total, he played seven seasons for Genoa, all seven years as team captain; a hard defender and a fan favourite, he is remembered as one of the last (and best) Italian sweepers. In his later years at the club, he was a vital member of the Genoese "dream team" which managed to reach the semi-finals of the 1991–92 UEFA Cup, and became the first Italian team to beat Liverpool F.C. on their Anfield Road home turf; he also helped the team to a fourth-place finish during the 1990–91 Serie A season, the club's best league finish since the end of the Second World War.
He left Genoa in 1995, aged 35, to join his hometown club Pisa, then in Serie D, and retired two years later. He played 210 Serie A matches with 6 goals.
Retirement and illness
After having ended his playing career, Signorini started a managing career working for Pisa, and serving as joint caretaker manager during their 1997–98 Serie C2 campaign, However, he soon discovered he was suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, an illness that slowly forced immobility, paralyzing all his muscles. He died on 6 November 2002, in his Pisa home. In his honour, the #6 jersey, worn by Signorini during his time for the rossoblu club, was retired.
Style of play
A large, tough, elegant, and physically strong player, Signorini is regarded as one of Italy's best and last true sweepers; his talent, technical ability, and tactical intelligence as a central defender had a strong influence on Franco Baresi's playing style.
Personal life
Signorini was married to Antonella; together they had four children. On 17 May 2009, one of Signorini's sons, Andrea, a footballer himself, made his Serie A debut with Genoa, thus continuing the legacy of his father and former rossoblu captain.
Honours
Club
Parma
Serie C1: 1985–86
Genoa
Serie B: 1988–89
See also
Stefano Borgonovo
Giovanni Bertini
Pietro Anastasi
References
External links
Addio a Signorini (from RAI Sport)
Career profile of Gianluca Signorini
1960 births
2002 deaths
Sportspeople from Pisa
Footballers from Tuscany
Italian footballers
Pisa S.C. players
Ternana Calcio players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
A.S. Roma players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Cavese 1919 players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Neurological disease deaths in Tuscany
Deaths from motor neuron disease
Association football sweepers
Association football central defenders
Viktor Skomorokha () is a Ukrainian lawyer and former chairman of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine. He became better known for chairing the Constitutional Court when it lifted a ban of the Communist Party of Ukraine.
Skomorokha is from Dnipropetrovsk Oblast. His working career he started at the Zhovtneva Revolyutsiya (October Revolution) kolkhoz in village of Promin. After his obligatory military service Skomorokha enrolled to the Kharkiv Law Institute. He graduated from Yaroslav Mudryi National Law University (Kharkiv Law Institute) in 1967 and after a brief internship-like training, until 1969 Skomorokha was a people's judge at the Krasnyi Luch city court.
In 1969 to 1976 Skomorokha worked as a judge at the Luhansk Oblast court. In 1976-1996 he was a judge of the Supreme Court of Ukraine (judicial college on criminal matters). In 1996-2005 he was a judge of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine. In 1999 at the presidential inauguration Skomorokha was administering an oath from the President of Ukraine Leonid Kuchma.
References
External links
Viktor Skomorokha. Constitutional Court of Ukraine website.
Viktor Skomorokha at the Official Ukraine Today
1941 births
Living people
People from Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
Yaroslav Mudryi National Law University alumni
Ukrainian judges
Constitutional Court of Ukraine judges
Judges of the Supreme Court of Ukraine
Ukrainian presidential inaugurations
Chief Abel Ebifemowei (AKA Osuwo 1) was born in Amassoma, Ogboin North Local Government Area, Bayelsa State, southern Nigeria on 6 December 1963 to Late Chief Abel Femowei and Mrs Yoruba Ere. He is a cousin to the former governor of Bayelsa State, Chief Diepreye Alamieyeseigha. He was also the special adviser to Chief Diepreye during his time in office.
Before he had anything to do with politics, he studied aviation electronics and missiles explosives at the Russian Military Academy. He also worked as a specialist on missiles assembly at the Ministry of Defence in the old Soviet Union. He came back home on the invitation of his cousin, Chief D.S.P. Alamieyeseigha, to join the governor's cabinet as a special adviser on youth logistics and government house transport.
In September 2005, Chief Abel was accused to be among the family members who allegedly helped Alamieyeseigha to launder public funds into private accounts. An attempt to assassinate Chief Abel was made on Saturday 12 December 2009 in Yenagoa, which he narrowly escaped.
References
Living people
1963 births
People from Bayelsa State
Nigerian civil servants
"Technologic" is a song by French duo Daft Punk from their third studio album, Human After All (2005). It was released as the second single on 14 June 2005. The music video for "Technologic" was directed by Daft Punk.
Composition
In the song, an electronically transposed voice chants technological commands. For example, "Touch it, bring it, pay it, watch it, turn it, leave it, start, format it" are spoken in rhythm to a beat.
A portion of the vocals were altered and used in the Busta Rhymes single "Touch It", produced by Swizz Beatz. Subsequently, elements of both "Technologic" and "Touch It" were featured in Daft Punk's live album Alive 2007.
A portion of the vocals were also altered for the Hannah Wants single "Rhymes", which reached number 13 on the UK Singles Chart in 2015.
A portion of the vocals were sampled in Dua Lipa's performance of her song, "Hallucinate", during her Studio 2054 livestream concert on 27 November 2020. and later on her Future Nostalgia Tour performance of the same song.
Music video and other media
The music video for "Technologic" is the third directed by Daft Punk, following "Fresh" and "Robot Rock". The video features Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter on a pyramid-themed stage playing the bass guitars shown in the single cover. The lyrics flash as individual words of text on a television monitor set on the stage. The video features a robot character that appears to chant the lyrics of the song. The character is situated in front of the flashing screen between the duo and later appears in a darkened room watching itself on television. The robot was created by Tony Gardner and his team at Alterian, Inc. The music video is included in the CD and DVD edition of the album Musique Vol. 1 1993–2005.
The pyramid design used in the video is similar to the scheme used in Daft Punk's live performances during the Alive 2006/2007 tour. The flashing lyrical text is integrated with the live version of "Technologic" on a large light-emitting diode display used for their shows. Homem-Christo stated, "In the 'Technologic' video, this little robot [is] in the pyramid and we thought it would be funny to have the two of us in the bigger pyramid."
The song was featured in an iPod advertisement shown in the summer of 2005. It was also featured in an ad for the Motorola E398 mobile-phone, aired in early 2005 in Brazil. Additionally, the song was featured in an episode of The O.C.. In 2009, it was used in a Lincoln MKS commercial, and in a series of TV advertisements for the Alfa Romeo MiTo. It is a playable track on the iOS games Tap Tap Revenge and Tap Tap Dance, and was sampled for the video game DJ Hero. In an episode of the TV show America's Best Dance Crew, crew Kaba Modern performed to a master mix of this song on 7 February 2008. "Technologic" was also featured in the game Dance Central 2. In June 2013, after game one of the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals, this song was used as the beat for a compilation of passing and shooting calls from announcer Mike Emrick.
Track listings
Charts
References
External links
"Technologic" music video at YouTube
2005 singles
2005 songs
Daft Punk songs
Electronic rock songs
Songs written by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo
Songs written by Thomas Bangalter
Virgin Records singles
George H. Sweigert (1920–1999) is credited as the first inventor to patent the cordless telephone.
Born in Akron, Ohio, Sweigert served five years in the US Army as a radio operator in World War II in Guadalcanal, Bougainville, Fiji and New Georgia assigned to the 145th Headquarters Company under the 37th Infantry Division (United States). Following the war, Sweigert attended Bowling Green State University near Toledo, Ohio.
Sweigert credited his military experience for invention of the cordless telephone, citing experimentation with various antennas, signal frequencies, and types of radios.
Radio telephone
With the patent application submitted on May 2, 1966 to the US Patent and Trademark Office, Sweigert submitted a working model of the phone in addition to the required description. A Cleveland Plain Dealer article, published shortly after the patent was filed, documented the first public demonstration of the cordless phone with a picture of the device and the inventor.
The Plain Dealer reported that Sweigert used a part from his washing machine for the invention - the solenoid used to lift the phone's receiver when a current was sensed in the induction coil. Sweigert, who suffered severe back pain from a war injury, saw the device primarily helping handicapped and elderly people.
The US Patent and Trademark Office issued on June 10, 1969. The New York Times reported the patent in the June 14th, 1969 edition. (page 52, column 6) In the article, Sweigert gives the first description of how the "remote phone" might be used as a remote office or around the home, foreshadowing the way cell phones are used today.
Sweigert held two amateur radio licenses: W8ZIS (Ohio) and N9LC (Indiana). He held the amateur radio extra class license, the highest class license. He also held a First Class Radiotelephone license issued by the Federal Communications Commission.
Role models
Sweigert's heroes included Samuel Morse, Thomas Edison, Alexander Graham Bell, Lee DeForest, Edwin Armstrong, Albert Einstein, and Philo Taylor Farnsworth. Sweigert was coincidentally born in the same city that hosts the National Inventors Hall of Fame, Akron, Ohio.
Sweigert studied the life stories of these inventors, and he frequently would recount the early technical and legal struggles of these inventors to get their inventions patented and protected.
Edison's early technical struggles with full duplex (two way) communication was another favorite subject, born out of Edison's desire to "speed up" telegraphic conversations by sending and receiving at the same time. Whether Edison could actually perform this telegraphic feat has never documented, but Sweigert credited this story with his inspiration for a full duplex cordless telephone. Sweigert studied how duplexes reduced frustrations dealing with technologies, going back to the early days of telegraphy.
Sweigert admired Alexander Graham Bell's work with the deaf as an inspiration for development of the telephone. One of Sweigert's sons is hearing impaired. This may explain Sweigert's intricate use of amplifiers in the initial invention. Sweigert was physically disabled, and saw the cordless phone as a similar to the telephone in terms of motivation and inspiration for the development of the invention. Sweigert sided with Alexander Graham Bell in the Elisha Gray and Alexander Bell telephone controversy, although Elisha Gray was another Cleveland inventor. He did credit Gray with being the first to come up with a way of multiplexing several messages simultaneously on the same wire.
He also enjoyed the fact that Bell was a complete amateur compared with professional established laboratories of Elisha Gray and super-inventor Thomas Edison. He greatly admired Edison's work on improving the vibrating diaphragm to vary the induced resistance from varying frequency in the voice. He frequently cited Bell besting Edison on the invention of the telephone as Edison's motivation to invent the phonograph. He expressed dismay how Bell missed inventing the phonograph after his frequent lectures about visualizing audio waves and electrically reproducing them. Sweigert credited being able to visualize human voice waveforms as another key in perfecting the cordless phone.
Sweigert also admired Edwin Armstrong and his invention of FM radio. Armstrong's concept of the superheterodyne receiver to filter out noise and amplify the original signal is used in the cordless phone. He also admired Armstrong's courage to challenge the status quo of AM radio and its powerful leader, David Sarnoff.
Wireless networking
Sweigert's eureka moment for the cordless phone was similar, imagining the human voice waveform for a word as a short "wavelet" traveling through the air and then the wire, linking the words together to reproduce a conversation. He envisioned a home where all kinds of devices generated "message wavelets" to share the electromagnetic spectrum, foreshadowing Ethernet. Sweigert's philosophy was "the simpler, the better, as could be understood by a child". He often recounted Albert Einstein's experience of reading a children's story about a child racing a telegraph signal going through a wire.
His later years were spent trying to perfect antenna designs, applying the work of James Clerk Maxwell's work on electromagnetic theory and Maxwell's Equations. His persistent frustration after the invention of the cordless phone was his inability to do the advanced calculus required by the equations for advanced antenna design.
Sweigert predicted that half of the people in the world would own a wireless phone in the time of his children. With the world population of wireless phones at 3.2 billion in 2008, he was probably not far wrong with this prediction. He predicted integrated cameras, GPS, accelerometers, and other advanced sensors in the 1969 moon lander would be integrated into the wireless phone. Sweigert received notice of his patent approval on day of the first moon landing on June 20, 1969.
Later years
Sweigert greatly admired Philo Farnsworth for his invention of television, and more specifically his work with the cathode ray tube and the electronic amplifier. Sweigert nicknamed his oscilloscope in his home electronics lab "Philo" in honor of Philo Farnsworth, critical to Sweigert for visualizing his "word worms". He also admired Farnsworth for his ability to challenge RCA, founding the Farnsworth Television and Radio Corporation in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1938. While reading about Farnsworth and his later work on submarine detection equipment, he was led to a research and development position with Magnavox Corporation in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1969.
Sweigert took the R&D position with Magnavox Corporation in 1969 in Fort Wayne to work on Army field radios for soldiers in the Vietnam War. He sympathized with the soldiers fighting in the Vietnam jungles which were similar to the jungle conditions he fought in at Guadalcanal and Bougainville Island in the Second World War. Magnavox field radios were key to the US Army for the entire Vietnam War. Sweigert was fascinated by the development of the integrated circuit and its potential uses to reduce the size of electronic products. He was friends with many of the people involved in the founding of Bowmar Instrument Corporation in Fort Wayne, the makers of the first electronic pocket calculator, or more popularly known as the Bowmar Brain.
Sweigert taught electronics at the vocational college level in his later years for ITT Technical Institute in Fort Wayne despite his physical disability. He credited ITT for purchasing the Farnsworth Television from Philo Farnsworth, enabling him to finally receive compensation for his invention. Sweigert sympathized with the struggles in the later life of Edwin Armstrong and wanted to avoid a similar fate in his own life.
Trivia
Sweigert also admired Guglielmo Marconi for his work with wireless telegraphy. He was internally conflicted on whether Nikola Tesla or Marconi should be credited with the invention of radio.
See also
Telecommunications
Radio
History of radio
Cordless telephone
References
External links
Carterphone Decision
1920 births
1999 deaths
United States Army personnel of World War II
Telephony equipment
History of radio
Amateur radio people
People from Euclid, Ohio
United States Army soldiers
20th-century American inventors
Bowling Green State University alumni
Marzi is a 2020 Indian Hindi-language crime thriller web series that aired on an Indian OTT platform, Voot. The story is based on the novel 'Liar', which is written by Jack and Harry Williams. The series stars Rajeev Khandelwal and Aahana Kumra. The show is directed by Anil Senior. The six episode series was aired on Voot on 3 March 2020.
Plot
The story is set amidst the picturesque locales of Shimla wherein Sameera Chauhan (Aahana Kumra), a cheerful school teacher is all set to give love a shot again after an ugly breakup with her fiance Nitin (Rajeev Siddhartha). She agrees to go on a dinner date with the charming and respectable surgeon Anurag Saraswat (Rajeev Khandelwal) but which soon turns out to be a nightmare for her. Sameera wakes up to find out that she is sexually assaulted and is convinced that Anurag is the culprit.
Cast
Rajeev Khandelwal as Anurag Saraswat
Suhaas Ahuja as Shaan
Aahana Kumra as Sameera Chauhan
Vivek Mushran as Subodh
Rajeev Siddhartha as Nitin
Shivani Tanksale as Isha
Abhay verma as Ayaan
Amit Jairath as Dinesh
Episodes
References
External links
Indian web series
Internet properties established in 2020
The 2012 Masters of Formula 3 was the 22nd Masters of Formula 3 race held at Circuit Park Zandvoort on 15 July 2012.
Drivers and teams
Notes
Classification
Qualifying
Race
References
Masters of Formula Three
Masters of Formula Three
Masters
Masters of Formula Three
The Little Gypsy Witch () is a 2011 Croatian children's fantasy film directed by Tomislav Žaja.
Cast
Sabina Ajrula as Baba Ilonka
Selma Ibrahimi as Manuša
Marin Arman Grbin as Zdenko
Aleksandra Balmazović as Aska
Rakan Rushaidat as Hrast
Krunoslav Sarić as Kasum
References
External links
2011 films
2010s children's fantasy films
Croatian children's films
2010s Croatian-language films
2011 directorial debut films
Kŭmgol station is a railway station in Kŭmgol 1-dong, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened in 1961.
A trolleybus line formerly ran from next to the railway station to Kumgol 3-dong serving the Komdok mining area, though no trolleybuses have run since 2011 and the loop line next to the station has been dismantled around or before 2015.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Into Thy Hands is a 2011 play by Jonathan Holmes on the life of John Donne and in particular his actions during 1611 and his relationships with those involved in translating the King James Version. Its title quotes Psalm 31 and Luke 23:46, from the sayings of Jesus on the cross.
It premiered at Wilton's Music Hall in London from 31 May to 2 July 2011 in a production directed by Holmes himself, to mark the 400th anniversary of the Authorized King James Version, with Donne played by Zubin Varla.
Premiere cast
John Donne – Zubin Varla
Donne's wife Anne – Jess Murphy
Lancelot Andrewes – Nicholas Rowe
Henry Wotton and James I – Bob Cryer
Countess of Bedford (Donne's patron) – Stephanie Langton
Lady Danvers (wife of John Danvers and patron of Donne) – Helen Masters
John Layfield – Stephen Fewell
References
English plays
Biographical plays about writers
400th anniversary of the King James Version
2011 plays
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1578.
Events
December – Publication of John Lyly's didactic prose romance Euphues: the Anatomy of Wyt, originating the ornate English prose style known as Euphuism.
unknown date – Alonso de Ercilla y Zúñiga is sent on a mission to Zaragoza by King Philip II of Spain.
New books
Prose
Diogo de Payva de Andrada – Defensio Tridentinæ fidei (posthumously published)
George Best – A True Discourse of the Late Voyages of Discoverie…under the Conduct of Martin Frobisher
John Florio – First Fruits
Jaroš Griemiller – Rosarium philosophorum
Gabriel Harvey – Smithus, vel Musarum lachrymae
John Lyly – Euphues: the Anatomy of Wit
Margaret Tyler, The Mirrour of Princely Deedes and Knighthood
Drama
Jan Kochanowski – Odprawa posłów greckich ("The Dismissal of the Greek Envoys")
George Whetstone – Promos and Cassandra
Poetry
See 1578 in poetry
Births
April 2 – Francesco Amico, Italian theologian
June – Mary Fitton, possible inspiration for Shakespeare's The Dark Lady (died 1647)
August 24 – John Taylor, English poet and waterman (died 1653)
unknown dates
Giambattista Andreini, Italian dramatist and actor (died 1650)
Jacob Bidermann, German dramatist (died 1627)
George Hakewill, English author and cleric (died 1649)
Deaths
May 4 – Martin Eisengrein, German theologian and polemicist (born 1535)
July 27 – Jane Lumley, English translator from Greek and Latin (born 1537)
August 11 – Pedro Nunes, Portuguese polymath (born 1502)
October 12 – Cornelius Gemma, Dutch physician, astronomer and astrologer (born 1535)
unknown date – Gabriele Giolito de' Ferrari, Italian printer (born c. 1508)
probable – Johann Stumpf, Swiss writer on history and topography (born 1500)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
is a city located in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan.
As of March 31, 2017, Amakusa has an estimated population of 83,082 and a population density of 120 persons per km2. The total area is . Amakusa has the distinction of being the fastest depopulating city in Japan since the last census (2005).
Amakusa covers the majority of two main islands, Kamishima (上島, "Upper Island") and Shimoshima (下島, "Lower Island") (天草諸島), and six smaller islands and islets. The modern city of Amakusa was established on March 27, 2006, from a merger between the former cities of Hondo and Ushibuka, and the towns of Amakusa , Ariake, Goshoura, Itsuwa, Kawaura, Kuratake, Shinwa and Sumoto from Amakusa District.
Amakusa Airlines is headquartered in Amakusa.
Geography
Climate
Amakusa has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification Cfa) with hot summers and cool winters. Precipitation is significant throughout the year, and is heaviest from May to August. The average annual temperature in Amakusa is . The average annual rainfall is with June as the wettest month. The temperatures are the highest on average in August, at around , and lowest in January, at around . The highest temperature ever recorded in Amakusa was on 20 August 2013; the coldest temperature ever recorded was on 25 January 2016.
Demographics
Per Japanese census data, the population of Amakusa in 2020 is 75,783 people. Amakusa has been conducting censuses since 1920.
Tourism
Sightseeing Spots
Alegria Gardens
Amakusa Christian Museum
Amakusa Dolphin Marine Land
Ōe Catholic Church
Sakitsu Church
Shimoda Onsen hot springs
Notable people
Sunao Sonoda, statesman
Hiroyuki Sonoda, statesman
Kundō Koyama, film writer
Michiko Ishimure, writer
Tochihikari Masayuki, sumo wrestler
Yoshiki Tanaka, novelist
Kenta Matsumoto, vocalist and bassist of WANIMA
Koushin Nishida, guitarist of WANIMA
Sister Cities
Encinitas, California, United States
References
External links
Cities in Kumamoto Prefecture
The augmented seventh chord, or seventh augmented fifth chord, or seventh sharp five chords is a seventh chord composed of a root, major third, augmented fifth, and minor seventh (1, 3, 5, 7). It can be viewed as an augmented triad with a minor seventh. When using popular-music symbols, it is denoted by +7, aug7, or 75. For example, the augmented seventh chord built on C, written as C+7, has pitches C–E–G–B:
The chord can be represented by the integer notation {0, 4, 8, 10}.
Use
The root is the only optional note in an augmented seventh chord, the fifth being required because it is raised. This alteration is useful in the major mode because the raised 5th creates a leading tone to the 3rd of the tonic triad. See also dominant.
In rock parlance, the term augmented seventh chord is sometimes confusingly and erroneously used to refer to the so-called "Hendrix chord", a 79 chord which contains the interval of an augmented ninth but not an augmented fifth.
The augmented minor seventh chord may be considered an altered dominant seventh and may use the whole tone scale, as may the dominant seventh flat five chords. See chord-scale system.
The augmented seventh chord normally resolves to the chord a perfect fifth below. Thus, G aug7 resolves to a C major or minor chord, for example.
Augmented seventh chord table
{| class="wikitable"
!Chord
!Root
!Major third
!Augmented fifth
!Minor seventh
|-
!Caug7
|C
|E
|G
|B
|-
!Caug7
|C
|E (F)
|G (A)
|B
|-
!Daug7
|D
|F
|A
|C (B)
|-
!Daug7
|D
|F
|A
|C
|-
!Daug7
|D
|F (G)
|A (B)
|C
|-
!Eaug7
|E
|G
|B
|D
|-
!Eaug7
|E
|G
|B (C)
|D
|-
!Faug7
|F
|A
|C
|E
|-
!Faug7
|F
|A
|C (D)
|E
|-
!Gaug7
|G
|B
|D
|F (E)
|-
!Gaug7
|G
|B
|D
|F
|-
!Gaug7
|G
|B (C)
|D (E)
|F
|-
!Aaug7
|A
|C
|E
|G
|-
!Aaug7
|A
|C
|E (F)
|G
|-
!Aaug7
|A
|C (D)
|E (F)
|G
|-
!Baug7
|B
|D
|F
|A
|-
!Baug7
|B
|D
|F (G)
|A
|}
See also
Augmentation (music)
References
Seventh chords
Dame Louisa Brandreth Aldrich-Blake (15 August 1865 – 28 December 1925) was a pioneering surgeon and one of the first British women to enter the world of modern medicine.
Born in Chingford, Essex, she was the eldest daughter of a curate. Louisa Aldrich-Blake graduated in medicine from the Royal Free Hospital in 1893. She obtained her Master of Surgery degree and was a lead surgeon by 1910. Louisa volunteered for military medical service during the First World War. She was one of the first people to perform surgery on rectal and cervical cancers. In recognition of her commitment and achievements, a statue of her was erected in Tavistock Square, London. This statue's position is close to her alma mater.
Early life and education
Louisa Aldrich-Blake was born in Chingford, London to Rev Frederick James Aldrich-Blake and his wife Louisa Blake Morrison. She moved with her family to Welsh Bicknor in Herefordshire during her childhood, and maintained a home in the town until her death. Throughout her career, Aldrich-Blake was associated with the Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Hospital, becoming senior surgeon in 1910.
Aldrich-Blake began her school education at Cheltenham Ladies' College. She graduated with first-class honours from the London School of Medicine for Women by 1894 as a Bachelor of Surgery, Bachelor of Medicine and an MD. Upon graduating from the University of London, Aldrich-Blake followed with a masters in surgery a year later. She went on to take the University of London's higher degrees in Medicine and Surgery, becoming the first British woman to obtain the degree of Master of Surgery.
Career
The newly qualified Aldrich-Blake began work at the New Hospital for Women and Children in London. She worked her way up to become the lead surgeon while also working at the city's Royal Free Hospital. At the Royal Free Hospital, she was the first woman to hold the post of surgical registrar in 1895 and also acted as an anaesthetist. Her position as consulting surgeon at the Royal Free started in 1919 and ended when she died in 1925. She also worked at the Canning Town Women's Settlement Hospital.
During the First World War, many of the male surgical staff were deployed on foreign active service and Dr. Aldrich-Blake took on increased responsibility for the surgery, becoming consulting surgeon to the hospital. Aldrich-Blake spent multiple holidays aiding the military hospitals in 1914 to 1916, specifically in France with Dr. Frances Ivens from the Anglo-French Red Cross Hospital and helped out as a visiting surgeon at the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps Hospital. Aldrich-Blake was nicknamed "Madame la Générale" by her patients. Her time was also spent contacting other women in the profession to organise volunteer units. She approached every woman on the Medical Register to ask if they would consider volunteering for the Royal Army Medical Corps, and 48 enrolled, many of whom were sent to Malta.
Aldrich-Blake was the first to perform operations for cervical and rectal cancers. She led the British surgeons in taking on the Wertheim operation for carcinoma of the cervix. She added a piece to the Practitioner's Encyclopedia of Midwifery and Diseases of Women named "Pain as a symptom of pelvic trouble" and a piece on "Abdomino-perineal excision of the rectum by a new method" in the British Medical Journal in 1903. She held a chair position as a vice-president of the Section of Obstetrics and Gynaecology in 1924 that was a part of the British Medical Association.
Academia
Aldrich-Blake was devoted to training students at her alma mater, the London School of Medicine for Women (now the medical school of University College London). She became Vice-Dean in 1906 and Dean of the School in 1914. Aldrich-Blake's encouragement for women to join the medical field increased the school's population by almost double during the First World War.
Death and legacy
Aldrich-Blake died on 28 December 1925 from cancer at home in Welsh Bicknor, having undergone several operations during previous weeks. St Pancras Church in London celebrated her life on 1 January 1926 and her ashes were transferred back to her home.
The Dame Louisa Brandreth Aldrich-Blake Collection is located in the Royal Free Hospital's Archives Centre. A statue of her is in Tavistock Square, London. Her career was highlighted in a 2015 exhibit specifically related to her actions in the First World War where she performed surgery on the front line and encouraged other women to join the field. She also influenced the War Office to allow women to enlist to be a part of the medical staff.
In 2019, she was acknowledged with a Google Doodle for the UK, Ireland, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Israel, Bulgaria, Sweden, Denmark, Estonia, and Iceland on the 154th anniversary of her birth.
Awards and honours
A year before her death, Aldrich-Blake was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 1925 New Year Honours.
References
External links
Genesis Women's History archive index entry for Royal Free Hospital Collection.
Wellcome Library holdings of archive material.
Oxford Dictionary of National Biography Index
1865 births
1925 deaths
19th-century English medical doctors
19th-century women physicians
20th-century English medical doctors
20th-century women physicians
Alumni of the London School of Medicine for Women
English women medical doctors
English surgeons
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Deaths from cancer in England
People from Chingford
Women surgeons
20th-century surgeons
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
19th-century English women
Péter Szijjártó (; born 30 October 1978) is a Hungarian politician who has been Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade since 2014. He previously served as Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade and Parliamentary State Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. In June 2012, he was appointed to State Secretary for Foreign Affairs and External Economic Relations of the Prime Minister's Office.
He joined Fidesz in 1998. He was elected to member of the municipal government in the same year in the city of Győr, and then he obtained a mandate between 2006 and 2010 again. In 2005 he was elected to president of Fidelitas, the youth organization of Fidesz and he occupied this position until 2009. He first became a member of the National Assembly in 2002. He received mandates in 2006, 2010, 2014 and 2018 as well; currently he is serving his fourth term as Member of Parliament.
The Hungarian government pursues a pro-Russian foreign policy, so in December 2021, Péter Szijjártó was awarded the Order of Friendship, which he received from Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow.
Studies
Péter Szijjártó was born in Komárom on 30 October 1978. After spending a half year in the United States, he finished his secondary studies at Czuczor Gergely Benedictine Secondary Grammar School of Győr in 1997. He graduated from the Budapest University of Economic Sciences and Public Administration (today Corvinus University of Budapest) majoring in international relations and sports management.
Career
He began his political career in 1998, when he was elected as the youngest member of the Municipal Assembly of Győr. He served as vice chairman of the education, culture and sports committee. He was one of the founders and the first president of the Fidelitas, youth organization of Fidesz in Győr. He was elected a vice president of the Fidelitas 2001, and also became a member of the Fidesz's national board.
Szijjártó has been a member of the National Assembly of Hungary since 2002. He was the youngest Member of the Parliament from 2002 to 2006. He was appointed Vice Chairman of the Committee on Youth and Sport Affairs in 2004, holding the office until 2006. He was elected President of the Fidelitas in 2005, replacing András Gyürk. He also became the leader of the Győr branch of Fidesz. He held the position of Fidelitas leader until 2009, when Péter Ágh was nominated as the new president.
Before Fidesz came to power in May 2010, Szijjártó was the spokesman of Fidesz – Hungarian Civic Union. He served as personal spokesman of the Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán from 2010 to 2012.
On 4 July 2012 Orbán nominated Szijjártó as the chairman of eight economic committees to boost the Hungarian government's policy of opening up trade with countries to the east as well as consolidating Hungary's role in supporting the Western Balkan nations' EU integration, the Central European Visegrád Group of heads of government announced the same day. Szijjártó, who had taken up the post on 2 July, also worked to strengthen co-operation with neighbouring countries.
Prime Minister Viktor Orbán appointed Szijjártó as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade in September 2014, when his predecessor Tibor Navracsics resigned due to his new position in the European Commission.
During a breakfast meeting of the Israel Council on Foreign Relations in Jerusalem on November 16, 2015, Szijjártó said that Hungary would not place the settlements labeling on products originating from the West Bank. This decision followed the Notice adopted by the European Commission on November 11, 2015, incorporating guidelines to label imports from the Israeli settlements. He considered the aforementioned policy to be "irrational," and even threatening to a potential Israeli-Palestinian dialogue. Szijjártó also addressed the contemporary European migration crisis, describing mass migration as "the greatest challenge that the EU has had to face since its foundation" and condemning European leaders for the misguided policies their political correctness engendered.
November 2020 visit to Cambodia
Szijjártó visited Cambodia on November 3, 2020 to hold several meetings with high-ranking government officials, and tested positive for COVID-19 the following day after flying to Bangkok. Four close contacts in Cambodia subsequently tested positive, which prompted government officials from 13 Cambodian government ministries, including Prime Minister Hun Sen, to enter quarantine, and contact tracing efforts were made to seven provinces and tests administered on around 1,000 people. The visit resulted in schools, museums, cinemas, entertainment venues, gyms, beer gardens to be closed across Phnom Penh for two weeks. Local media reported that the Hungarian Foreign Ministry had requested for no temperature checks, mandatory mask wearing and alcohol spraying ahead of the meetings.
Honours
Orders
See also
List of foreign ministers in 2017
List of current foreign ministers
References
External links
Official website
|-
1978 births
Fidesz politicians
Foreign ministers of Hungary
Living people
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2022–2026)
People from Komárom
Members of the Fourth Orbán Government
Barcelos may refer to:
Barcelos, Amazonas a municipality in the state of Amazonas
Barcelos, Portugal, a municipality in the district of Braga
Barcelos (parish), a former-civil parish in the municipality of Barcelos
People with the name
Pêro de Barcelos, Portuguese explorer of North America
See also
Barceló
Count of Barcelos, a title of nobility in Portugal
Lensman or the Lensman series is a science fiction book series by Edward Elmer Smith.
First Lensman, the second novel of the series, published in 1950
Gray Lensman, the fourth book in the series, published in 1951
Second Stage Lensmen, originally published in four parts, November 1941 – February 1942
Lensman may also refer to:
Lensman: Secret of The Lens, an anime movie based on the Lensman novels
Galactic Patrol Lensman, an anime television series based on the Lensman novels
"Backstage Lensman", a short story parody of the Lensman series by Randall Garrett, first written in 1949
Lensman microscope, designed by Rick Dickinson
Lensman (game), a game based on the Lensman novels
Jonas Björkman was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Todd Martin won the tournament, beating Thomas Johansson in the final, 6–3, 6–4, 6–4.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Main draw
1998 Stockholm Open
1998 ATP Tour
Centro Tampa (previously known as Centro Mi Diario) is a weekly Spanish-language tabloid published in Tampa, Florida, by Times Publishing Company, a company that also owns The Tampa Bay Times and tbt*.
CENTRO Tampa began publication on October 21, 2005. Currently, it is the largest Spanish-language newspaper in Tampa Bay with a circulation of more than 50,000. Since 2007, the publication has been audited by the Audit Bureau of Circulations (ABC).
References
External links
Tampa, Florida
Mass media in the Tampa Bay area
2005 establishments in Florida
Matthew John Pallister (born 31 January 1969 in Camperdown Hospital, Sydney) is an Australian slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the late 2000s. He finished 16th in the C-2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. Four years later in Atlanta, Pallister finished 38th in the K-1 event.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1969 births
Australian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Australia
Ghuwayran (), is a district of Al-Hasakah, Syria in the autonomous region of Syrian Kurdistan .
References
Districts of Al-Hasakah
The Extractive Industries and Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of environmental studies, with a specific focus on the societal and environmental impacts of extractive industries such as the mining and oil and gas industries. It was established in 2014 and is published by Elsevier. The founder and editor-in-chief is Professor Gavin Hilson (University of Surrey). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 3.586, ranking it 50th out of 125 journals in the category "Environmental Studies".
References
External links
Environmental studies journals
Publications established in 2014
English-language journals
Elsevier academic journals
Biannual journals
Events from the year 1229 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Lord: Henry III
Events
Philip de Barry founded Ballybeg Priory for the Canons Regular of St Augustine.
Shankill Castle built by Archbishop Henry de Loundres on the site of the ancient Shankill church.
Births
Deaths
Gilla an Choimded Ó Duillénnáin, a cleric.
References
1220s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 13th century in Ireland
Patrick Peter Owen Adams (March 17, 1950 – June 22, 2022) was an American music arranger and record producer. He earned 32 gold and platinum records.
Career
He was known primarily for his production, songwriting and engineering work on the New York-based Salsoul Records, Prelude Records and major record labels as well as his associations with various recording artists such as Black Ivory (1970s), Inner Life, Jocelyn Brown, Loleatta Holloway, R. Kelly, Keith Sweat, Teddy Riley, Salt-N-Pepa, Leroy Burgess and bands (The Universal Robot Band, Logg and Musique). In addition, Adams worked with rap, hip-hop/R&B and dance/club acts such as Coolio, Cathy Dennis, Keith Sweat, Teddy Riley, R. Kelly, Eric B. & Rakim, Salt-N-Pepa and Shades of Love. He owned and operated PAPMUS (Patrick Adams Productions Music) in New York City.
Personal life
Adams was one of three children born in Harlem, New York to Fince and Rose Adams; his father was a merchant seaman. He had two natural children; two daughters (C. Joi Sanchez and Tira Adams) and a step-son (Malcolm A. Holmes), though he never married. Adams died on June 22, 2022 in Manhattan, from cancer, at age 72.
Discography
Black Ivory - Don't Turn Around (1971)
Herbie Mann - Supermann (1978)
Patrick Adams Presents Phreek (1978) (with Phreek)
Production credits:(selected)
Musique - "Keep On Jumpin'" (1978)
Inner Life - "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" (1981)
Venus Dodson - "Shining" (1979)
Cloud One - "Disco Juice" (1977)
The Universal Robot Band - "Doing Anything Tonight" (1978)
Four Below Zero - "My Baby's Got E.S.P." (1976)
Paper Dolls - "Get Down Boy" (1976)
Phreek - "Weekend" (1978)
Rainbow Brown - "Till You Surrender" (1981)
Bumble Bee Unlimited - "Lady Bug" (1978)
The Eight Minutes - "Looking for a Brand New Game" (1973)
Phreek - "May My Love Be with You" (1978)
Personal Touch - "It Ain't No Big Thing" (1976)
The Main Ingredient - "Everything Man" (1977)
JJ Barnes - "You Owe It to Yourself" (1973)
Marta Acuna - "Dance, Dance, Dance" (1977)
Sammy Gordon and the Hip Huggers - "Making Love" (1976)
Sine - "Happy Is the Only Way" (1977)
Mary Clark - "Take Me I'm Yours" (1980)
Debbie Taylor - "Romance Without Finance" (1972)
Donna McGhee - "I'm a Love Bug" (1978)
The Universal Robot Band - "Dance and Shake Your Tambourine" (1976)
References
External links
Soundcloud page
1950 births
2022 deaths
20th-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
Record producers from New York (state)
American disco musicians
American boogie musicians
American soul musicians
Musicians from New York City
People from Harlem
Zoom Daddy is the third album by rock band The Swirling Eddies, released in 1994 on Alarma Records. It was released almost simultaneously with Terry Scott Taylor's other project, the Daniel Amos album: Bibleland.
The Swirling Eddies dropped their pseudonyms for this album, listing their real names in the credits.
The album was dedicated to Mark Heard.
Track listing
"I Had A Bad Experience With the C.I.A. and Now I'm Gonna Show You My Feminine Side" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
"Mr. Sharky" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
"(Disco) Love Grapes" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
"Nightmare At the Elks Lodge" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
"The Golden Girl of the Golden West" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven, Tim Chandler and Jerry Chamberlain)
"Sweet Mother of God" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
"The Twist" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven, Tim Chandler and Jerry Chamberlain)
"God Went Bowling" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven, Tim Chandler and Jerry Chamberlain)
"Multipurpose Man" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
"Pyro Sets A Wildfire" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
"Some Friendly Advice" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
"Art Carney's Dream" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven, Tim Chandler and Jerry Chamberlain)
"Holy, Holy, Holy" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven, Tim Chandler and Jerry Chamberlain)
"Zoom Daddy" (words and music by Terry Taylor, David Raven and Tim Chandler)
Personnel
Terry Scott Taylor who sings the vocals and plays most of the guitars.
Tim Chandler who plays bass and some occasional rhythm guitar.
David Raven who plays drums and percussion.
Jerry Chamberlain who plays lead guitars.
Greg Flesch who plays occasional guitar and piano.
Gene Eugene who plays most of the keyboards and piano.
Production notes
Engineered by Gene Eugene and Terry Taylor.
Executive Producer Matthew Duffy.
Mixed at the Mixing Lab by Gene Eugene.
References
1994 albums
The Swirling Eddies albums
Savera may refer to:
Films
Savera (1942 film), Indian Hindi language film.
Savera (1958 film), Indian Hindi language film, directed by Satyen Bose starring Ashok Kumar and Meena Kumari
People
Savera Nadeem, Pakistani actress and director.
Others
Savera Hotel, an 11-storied four-star hotel located in Mylapore, Chennai, India.
Giovanni Dall'Igna (born 16 August 1972 in Malo) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.
Honours
Sampdoria
Serie A champion: 1990–91.
Coppa Italia winner: 1993–94.
1972 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
S.P.A.L. players
U.C. Sampdoria players
U.S. Cremonese players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Ravenna F.C. players
Spezia Calcio players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
Tritium Calcio 1908 players
Association football defenders
The 2020 Bucknell Bison football team represented Bucknell University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by second-year head coach Dave Cecchini and played their home games at Christy Mathewson–Memorial Stadium. They played as a member of the Patriot League.
On July 13, 2020, the Patriot League announced that it would cancel its fall sports seasons due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The league announced a spring schedule on February 5, with the first games set to be played on March 13.
Schedule
Bucknell had games scheduled against Penn on September 19, Princeton on September 19, and Cornell on October 3, which were all later canceled before the start of the 2020 season.
References
Bucknell
Bucknell Bison football seasons
Bucknell Bison football
Ulrike Röseberg (born 15 October 1978) is a German stage and television actress.
Career
After graduating from high school, Röseberg completed her acting studies in the Brandenburg state capital Potsdam at the Konrad Wolf Film University of Babelsberg at Babelsberg Studio, where she graduated with a diploma. After her permanent engagement at the Salzburger Landestheater, she performed in a number of theaters, including the Bregenzer Landestheater and the Klosterruine Boitzenburg. The role of Annette Bergmann in the television series Alles was zählt, in which she portrayed from 2006 to 2012, was her first major television role; on 1 June 2012 her character was killed off in episode 1445. Since then, she has appeared in various television series, including Heiter bis tödlich: Zwischen den Zeilen, Cologne P.D., SOKO Leipzig and Block B - Unter Arrest.
Personal life
In August 2013, Röseberg entered into a registered civil partnership with her long-time friend Franzi. On 5 February 2021, she took part in the #ActOut initiative in SZ-Magazin with 184 other lesbian, gay, bisexual, queer, non-binary and transgender actors.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Actresses from Berlin
German film actresses
German stage actresses
German television actresses
20th-century German actresses
21st-century German actresses
German lesbian actresses
LGBT actors from Germany
Leslye Amede Obiora (publishes as L. Amede Abiora) is a Nigerian lawyer and professor. Her written work focuses on culture, gender, human rights, and public international law.
Early life and education
Leslye Amede Obiora is from Oguta, a riverine Igbo community in Nigeria. She was born on the cusp of the pogrom that triggered the Biafra Secessionist War to Violet Odiso (née Nwakuche) and Samson B. C. Obiora. Her father was a lawyer and her mother earned a diploma in Home Economics, before marrying in 1951. Obiora was one of nine children born to the couple before her father's death in 1973. Obiora completed her studies earning an LLB from the University of Nigeria in 1984, an LLM from Yale Law School in 1988, and a JSD from Stanford Law School in 2000.
Professional career
Obiora has been a Professor of Law in the United States since 1992. In 1999, she received an unsolicited offer from the World Bank to manage a program to help advance substantive gender equity in Africa. In 2006, she received another unsolicited appointment to serve as the Minister of Mines and Steel Development for the Federal Republic of Nigeria. She is the recipient of several nominations and, including the Coca-Cola World Fund Visiting Faculty at Yale University as well as fellowships from the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford, Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, Rockefeller Foundation Bellagio Study Center, and the Djerassi Resident Artist Program. She has been the Genest Global Faculty at Osgoode Hall Law School in Toronto and the Visiting Gladstein Human Rights Professor at the University of Connecticut. Obiora is the founder of the Institute for Research on African Women, Children and Culture (IRAWCC which is pronounced as "I ROCK").
References
Living people
Yale University alumni
Stanford University alumni
University of Arizona faculty
Nigerian emigrants to the United States
University of Nigeria alumni
American people of Igbo descent
Igbo academics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Amadeus Webersinke (1920-2005) was a German pianist and organist.
Webersinke studied from at the Institut für Kirchenmusik in Leipzig with Karl Straube, Johann Nepomuk David, and Otto Weinreich. He was a lecturer at the Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre. Until 1953, he worked mainly as an organist, and later only as a pianist.
Webersinke was particularly devoted to Bach's organ and piano works and also gave concerts on the clavichord. He recorded Max Reger's Piano Concerto. 1966, he assumed a professorship at the Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber Dresden.
External links
knerger.de – his grave
Bach-cantatas.com – Amadeus Webersinke
1920 births
2005 deaths
German classical pianists
Male classical pianists
German classical organists
German male organists
Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber faculty
University of Music and Theatre Leipzig alumni
Recipients of the Order of Merit of the Free State of Saxony
German Bohemian people
German people of German Bohemian descent
People from Broumov
Naturalized citizens of Germany
Czechoslovak emigrants to Germany
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century German musicians
20th-century organists
20th-century German male musicians
Male classical organists
USS Justin (IX-228), formerly the liberty ship Gus W. Darnell, was built by Todd Houston Shipbuilding Corporation, Houston, Texas, in 1944. She was operated as a cargo ship in the Pacific and acquired by the US Navy on 2 September 1945; and commissioned at Guiuan Roadstead, Philippine Islands on 4 September 1945.
Justin departed for Shanghai, China, 20 October where she embarked naval passengers for transport to the United States. She picked up a cargo of 3,000 bags of mail at Guam before arriving San Francisco, California 23 December 1945. Justin decommissioned at San Francisco 23 January 1946 and was turned over to the War Shipping Administration. She was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California, until being sold 25 May 1954 to the Boston Metals Corporation and scrapped.
References
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in Houston
Liberty ships
1944 ships
Maritime incidents in November 1944
The Idaho Falls Spuds were the first minor league baseball team based in Idaho Falls, Idaho. Playing from 1926 to 1928, the Spuds played as members of the Class C level Utah-Idaho League, winning league championships in 1926 and 1927 and hosting home games at Highland Park.
The Idaho Falls Spuds were followed by the Idaho Falls Russets, who joined the Pioneer League in 1940. Today, the Idaho Falls Chukars franchise continues play in the Pioneer League.
History
Minor League baseball began in Idaho Falls in 1926, when the Idaho Falls Spuds became charter members of the newly formed Utah-Idaho League. The Idaho Falls Spuds joined the Logan Collegians, Ogden Gunners, Pocatello Bannocks, Salt Lake City Bees and Twin Falls Bruins in the new six–team league.
The 1926 Idaho Falls Spuds won the 1926 Utah–Idaho League Championship. The Spuds ended the season with a 75–39 record, finishing 11.5 games ahead of the 2nd place Twin Falls Bruins. Idaho Falls was managed by Bill Leard and Danny Collins. The league did not have playoffs in 1926. Idaho Falls pitcher Robert Hurst led the league with 22 wins, while teammate Guy Morrison had a 2.83 ERA to lead the league.
In 1927, the Spuds repeated as Utah-Idaho League Champions. On June 28, 1927, Idaho Falls pitcher Charles Newbill pitched a no–hitter in a 4–0 win against the Twin Falls Bruins. The Spuds finished the season with a record of 52–47 to place 3rd in the Utah-Idaho League regular season standings, playing under manager Dan O'Leary. In the 1927 Utah-Idaho League Playoffs, the Idaho Falls Spuds defeated the Pocatello Bannocks 4 games to 3 to claim their second consecutive Utah–Idaho League Championship.
In 1928, the Idaho Falls Spuds were playing under manager Pete Maloney, with a record of 17–38, when the franchise disbanded on July 5, 1928. The Twin Falls Bruins franchise folded on the same day. The Utah–Idaho League finished the 1928 season with the four remaining teams, but folded permanently after the season.
Idaho Falls minor league baseball resumed in 1940, when the Idaho Falls Russets became a member franchise of the Pioneer League, a league still playing as a Rookie League today with the Idaho Falls Chukars as a member.
The ballpark
The Idaho Falls Spuds minor league teams played home games at Highland Park. The ballpark sat within Highland Park. All Idaho Falls teams since have played in ballparks at the same site. The Highland Park ballpark had a capacity of 3,000 (1927), with dimensions (Left, Center, Right) of 350–400–350 (1927). The Highland Park ballpark was located at 500 West Elva, Idaho Falls, Idaho.
Today, Highland Park contains Melaleuca Field, which hosts the Idaho Falls Chukars of the Pioneer League. Melaleuca Field is located at 568 West Elva, Idaho Falls, Idaho.
Timeline
Year-by-year records
Notable alumni
Bill Brenzel (1928)
Ed Coleman (1927)
Jim Cronin (1926–1927)
Ike Danning (1926)
Roy Johnson (1926)
Guy Morrison (1926)
See also
Idaho Falls Spuds players
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Idaho Falls, Idaho
Sports teams in Idaho
Baseball teams established in 1926
Baseball teams disestablished in 1928
1926 establishments in Idaho
1928 disestablishments in Idaho
Bannock County, Idaho
Defunct baseball teams in Idaho
Professional baseball teams in Idaho
The 4th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
the Nova Scotia general election, 1765, the 4th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 4th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1878 Nova Scotia general election, the 26th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 27th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 4th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Audio-visual entrainment (AVE), a subset of brainwave entrainment, uses flashes of lights and pulses of tones to guide the brain into various states of brainwave activity. AVE devices are often termed light and sound machines or mind machines. Altering brainwave activity is believed to aid in the treatment of psychological and physiological disorders.
Introduction
All of our senses (except smell) access the brain's cerebral cortex via the thalamus, and because the thalamus is highly innervated with the cortex, sensory stimulation can easily influence cortical activity. In order to affect brain (neuronal) activity, sensory stimulation must be within the frequency range of roughly 0.5 to 25 hertz (Hz) . Touch, photic and auditory stimulation are capable of affecting brain wave activity. A large area of skin must be stimulated to affect brainwaves, which leaves both auditory and photic stimulation as the most effective and easiest means of affecting brain activity. Therefore, mind machines are typically in the form of light and sound devices.
Auditory or visual stimulation (AVS) can take a variety of forms, generating different subjective and clinical effects. The simplest form of stimulation is to present a series of random light flashes and/or sound pulses to a subject, such as from watching TV or cars drive by, and investigate the resulting subjective experiences or electroencephalography (EEG) effects. AVE, however, involves organized, repetitive stimulation at a particular frequency for a specific period of time, and the frequency of stimulation is reflected within the EEG. This is called "open loop" stimulation, or free-running entrainment, and is not contingent on monitoring brainwaves in any way. "Close loop" AVE would involve visual and auditory stimulation in response to one's EEG.
History
Physiology
Effects
AVE effects on the EEG are found primarily over the sensory-motor strip, frontally, and in the parietal lobe (somatosensory) regions and slightly less within the prefrontal cortex.
It is within these areas where motor activation, attention, executive function, and somatosensory (body) awareness is primarily mediated. Auditory entrainment (AE) is the same concept as visual entrainment, with the exception that auditory signals are passed from the cochlea of the ears into the thalamus via the medial geniculate nucleus, whereas visual entrainment passes from the retina into the thalamus via the lateral geniculate nucleus. Eyes-closed AVE at 18.5 Hz has been shown to increase EEG brainwave activity by 49% at the vertex. At the vertex (with the eyes closed) AE has been shown to increase EEG brainwave activity by 21%. Successful entrainment leads to a meditative, peaceful kind of dissociation, where the individual experiences a loss of somatic and cognitive awareness. However, it is possible for visual entrainment to trigger seizures.
Evidence of sensory effects
Huxley and Walter were among the first to articulate the subjective correlates of photic stimulation. They described subjective experiences of incessantly changing patterns, whose color was a function of the rate of flashing. Between ten and fifteen flashes per second, Walter reported orange and red; above fifteen, green and blue; above eighteen, white and grey. Huxley also described enriched and intensified experiences when subjects were under the effects of mescaline or lysergic acid. In his view, the rhythms of the lamp interacted with the rhythms of the brain's electrical activity to produce a complex interference pattern, which is translated by the brain's perceptual circuits into a conscious pattern of color and movement. Glicksohn also reported on altered states of consciousness from photic driving and its relationship of self-perceived creativity.
Research
A review of 20 studies on brainwave entrainment found that it is effective in improving cognition and behavioral problems, and alleviating stress and pain.
The results of a study on children with attention-deficit disorder found that AVE was more effective than neurofeedback for treating ADD symptoms.
A migraine headache study involving seven patients with migraine found that AVE sessions reduced migraine duration from a pretreatment average of six hours to a posttreatment average of 35 minutes. Measuring 50 of the participants' migraines, 49 migraines decreased in severity and 36 were stopped when using AVE.
Another clinical study showed declines in depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation following a treatment program using AVE. A study by Berg and Siever used audio-visual entrainment devices on women with seasonal affective disorder. Both depression and anxiety symptoms were reduced in participants, as compared to a placebo phase. Participants also reported improvements in their social lives, with increased happiness and sociability, decreased appetite, increased energy and weight loss. A study by Cantor and Stevens found significant decreases in depression scores in participants after four weeks of using AVE.
A study by Thomas and Siever showed that many people with chronic temporomandibular joint disorder (TMD) brace up when asked to relax. AVE at 10 Hz produced deep masseter muscle relaxation and finger warming within six minutes. Audio entrainment has shown promise as a singular therapeutic modality for treating jaw tension and TMD pain. AVE has been used to reduce jaw pain, patient anxiety and heart rate during dental procedures.
References
Mind–body interventions
Joe Kelly (born 1954) is an American author known primarily for books on fathering.
Career
Kelly was born in northern New Jersey, and grew up in Ohio and South Jersey. He attended LeMoyne College and graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Superior. Before working on girls' and fathering issues, Kelly was a reporter, producer, and regional news director for Minnesota Public Radio.
He was co-founder, with Michael Kieschnick, of a national advocacy nonprofit for fathers and daughters in the United States, Dads and Daughters (DADs), which operated from 1999 until 2008. In 1993, he helped his wife Nancy Gruver to found New Moon magazine, edited by girls 8 to 14 years old.
Books
Kelly is the author of several books on fathering.
Personal
Kelly and his wife have twin daughters, who were born in 1980.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
American family and parenting writers
Le Moyne College alumni
University of Wisconsin–Superior alumni
Writers from New Jersey
Meherjaan () is the feature-length début film of Bangladeshi director Rubaiyat Hossain. The film was pulled from theatres due to the hostile response of some segments of the audience after its release in January 2011. Meherjaan claims to be a women's "feminine" re-visiting of the Bangladesh Independence War with Pakistan in 1971, while many feel discomfort with the deconstructive representation of the '71 conflict.
Cast
Jaya Bachchan as Meher
Victor Banerjee as Khwaja Saheb (Grandfather)
Omar Rahim as Wasim Khan (Pakistani Soldier)
Shaina Amin as Young Meher
Reetu A Sattar as Neela (Birangona/Freedom fighter)
Azad Abul Kalam Pavel as Shumon (Communist Party worker)
Humayun Faridi as Khonker (Razakar)
Sharmili Ahmed as Meher's Mother
Khairul Alam Sabuj as Meher's Father
Monira Mithu as Meher's Aunt
Nasima Selim as Sarah (Warchild)
Rubaiyat Hossain as Salma
Ashique Mostafa as Shimul (Freedom fighter)
Shatabdi Wadud as Khalil
Iqbal Sultan as Major Baset (Pakistani Major)
Rifat Chowdhury as Arup
Arup Rahee as Rahee
Rajeev Ahmed as Sami
Tansina Shawan as Joba (Freedom Fighter)
Festivals and awards
Meherjaan has been participated in many film festivals including Kolkata Film Festival, Festival International de Films de Fribourg, Festival de Cine de Bogotá, Festival Cinematográfico Internacional del Uruguay, London Asian Film Festival, Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian & Arab Cinema.
Meherjaan wins a handful of awards at International film festivals and competitions including Best Critic Award (Jaipur International Film Festival), Jury Award and Audience Award (Northampton International Film Festival), Orson Welles Award (Tiburon International Film Festival)
Suspension
The film was withdrawn from movie theatres in Bangladesh due to the objections of different groups of people. "The film Meherjaan, which was released in Dhaka in January 2011, was quickly pulled out of theatres after it created a furore among audiences. The hostile responses to the film from across generations highlight the discomfort about the portrayal of a raped woman, and its depiction of female and multiple sexualities during the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971. The film's stance against Bangladeshi nationalism also created a stir among audiences."
On 3 November 2011, there was a special film event and a panel discussion at Harvard University sponsored by the University of Massachusetts Boston, South Asia Initiative at Harvard University, Consortium on Gender, Security and Human Rights at UMass, and the CARR Center for Human Rights, Harvard Kennedy School. The film was screened in advance of a panel discussion by Cambridge/Boston academics.
Reviews
Meherjaan has received mixed reviews.
References
External links
2011 films
Bengali-language Bangladeshi films
Bangladeshi war drama films
Films set in the 1970s
Films based on the Bangladesh Liberation War
Film controversies in Bangladesh
Marcos Gustavo Mondaini (born 14 February 1985 in Sáenz Peña) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Career
South America
Mondaini began his career in the youth ranks of top Argentine side Boca Juniors, debuting with the first team during the 2004 Apertura season. While with Boca, Mondaini appeared in six league matches.
Mondaini spent the 2006–07 season on loan with Ecuadorian club Emelec. During his one season with Emelec he appeared in 41 matches and scored 12 goals. After the season, he was recognized as the top player in Ecuador's Serie A for 2006. In 2008, he returned to Ecuador to play for Emelec's arch-rival, Barcelona SC. While with Barcelona SC he appeared in 21 matches and scored 3 goals. After returning briefly to Boca, Mondaini was loaned out to Uruguay's Nacional. While with Nacional he helped the club in capturing the 2008–09 league title. He also participated in the 2009 Copa Libertadores for Nacional appearing in seven matches and scoring two goals as the club reached the semi-final stage.
In 2010, he joined Colombia's Atlético Nacional. On 31 July 2010, "The devil", in his debut, scored his first goal for Atlético Nacional in a 3–1 defeat against Deportivo Cali in the third round of the Torneo Finalización of Colombia.
United States
Mondaini was loaned from Centro Atlético Fénix of the Uruguayan Primera División to C.D. Chivas USA of Major League Soccer on 1 March 2011. He scored his first goal for his new club on 30 April in a 3–0 win over New England Revolution.
On 7 May 2011 he made a tackle from behind with no chance of getting the ball on Real Salt Lake's Javier Morales, sending him off the field with a dislocated ankle and two broken bones. Morales was out for several months. Mondaini received a suspension of four games: 3 games for the tackle plus 1 game for the red card.
After one season in MLS, Mondaini signed with his former Ecuadorian club Emelec in January 2012.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Boca Juniors
Copa Libertadores (1): 2007
Emelec
Serie A Runner-up (2): 2006, 2012
Serie A (2): 2013, 2014
Individual
Emelec
Serie A Assist Leader (2): 2006, 2012
Serie A Best Foreign Player: 2006
Serie A Best Player: 2006
References
External links
MLS player profile
Argentine Primera statistics
Estadio.com article, Oct. 5, 2006
1985 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Boca Juniors footballers
Guayaquil City F.C. footballers
C.S. Emelec footballers
Barcelona S.C. footballers
Club Nacional de Football players
Atlético Nacional footballers
Centro Atlético Fénix players
Chivas USA players
Argentine Primera División players
Uruguayan Primera División players
Categoría Primera A player
Ecuadorian Serie A players
Major League Soccer players
Association football wingers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Uruguay
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Ecuador
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
People from Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña
Sportspeople from Chaco Province
Junk Food Flip is an American cooking-themed television series that aired on Cooking Channel. The series was presented by chef Bobby Deen as well as chef Nikki Dinki, who was a contestant on the ninth season of the Food Network series Food Network Star. The series featured the chefs visiting restaurants to eat high-calorie guilty pleasure foods and later challenging the restaurant owners with similar, lower-calorie versions of the foods.
The pilot episode aired on . Deen did not appear in the pilot, but he was added when it was picked up as a series, which officially premiered on . The second season of the series premiered on and concluded on February 23, 2016.
Episodes
References
External links
Lion Television . Home
2010s American cooking television series
2014 American television series debuts
2016 American television series endings
Cooking Channel original programming
English-language television shows
Food reality television series
The Håga mound (Hågahögen) or King Björn's Mound (Kung Björns hög) is a large Nordic Bronze Age tumulus in the western outskirts of Uppsala, Sweden. It is one of the most magnificent remains from the Nordic Bronze Age.
It is Scandinavia's most gold-rich bronze age grave ever found.
Hågahögen
Hågahögen mound is approximately 7 metres high and 45 metres across. It was constructed circa 1000 B.C. by the shore of a narrow inlet of the sea. (The land has been continually rising since the Ice Age due to post-glacial rebound). The mound was built of turfs that had been laid on top of a cairn. The cairn, in turn, was built on top of a wooden chamber containing a hollow oak coffin. Within the coffin are the cremated remains of a short man. During the burial there had probably been human sacrifice, the evidence for which is human bones from which the marrow had been removed.
The coffin contained rich unburnt bronze objects such as a Bronze age sword, a razor, two brooches, a number of thickly gilded buttons, two pincers and various other bronze objects. They may all come from the same workshop in Zealand.
The mound was excavated 1902–1903 by Oscar Almgren together with the future king Gustaf VI Adolf. Only minor excavations have been done in the Bronze Age settlement but the area contains several house foundations in stone. The findings from Hågahögen were stored in the Swedish Museum of National Antiquities (Historiska museet) on Narvavägen in Östermalm in Stockholm.
In February 1986 a theft was committed in the Swedish Museum of National Antiquities. One of the Museum's art objects, the Bronze Age spectacle-shaped gilt brooch found in 1902—03 at Hågahögen, was stolen. Parts of it were found outside the Museum's main entrance some months later after snow had melted.
Etymology
The place name Håga means the "tall mound". It is mentioned in the Hervarar saga as Haugi (from the Old Norse haugr meaning knoll, mound or a hill). The name Björn's mound is from the Swedish king Björn at Haugi (Björn at the mound), who used to live at the royal estate (see Uppsala öd) of Håga, while his brother and co-king Anund Uppsale resided at Old Uppsala. The connection between the king and the mound was later reversed: the mound was named after the king, as the king had previously received his cognomen from the mound.
See also
Bronze age sword
the King's Grave
Kurgan
Nordic Bronze Age
Sagaholm
References
Other sources
Almgren, O. (1905) Kung Björns hög och andra fornlämningar vid Håga (KVHAA Monografi nr 1. Stockholm)
External links
Finds from Hågahögen
Map with location of Hågahögen
Nordic Bronze Age
Germanic archaeological sites
Uppsala
Tumuli in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Uppsala
History of Uppsala
is a railway station in Takehara, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1932
Ferndale is a hamlet in the Town of Liberty, Sullivan County, New York, United States. It is situated along the old alignment of New York Route 17 between Harris and Liberty. The zip code is 12734.
References
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Sullivan County, New York
Eransus is a locality located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 14.
Geography
Eransus is located 15km east of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Banitsa () is a village in Vratsa Municipality, Vratsa Province, northwestern Bulgaria. its population is 1,328.
The great Bulgarian poet and revolutionary Hristo Botev was killed nearby.
Gallery
Villages in Vratsa Province
Vincent E. Egan was an executive and entertainment company founder. Egan founded VEE Corporation for the Sesame Street Live touring shows. He was a founder of the Event and Arena Marketing Conference. By 2009, Vincent had been married and divorced twice.
Life
Vincent E. Egan was raised in north Minneapolis. As a young adult, he worked for GM as a district sales manager primarily in Montana. In 1970, he returned to Minnesota and bought a Dayton farm on 2.5 acres. He kept the farm despite taking a job in Chicago in 1970. The job he took was as a marketer with the Ice Follies, which had a show segment with the Sesame Street Muppets. He was elevated through the ranks until he was vice president of marketing and operations. However, in 1978, he was fired after a disagreement with his boss thus returned to his Dayton farm. He looked for a job as a shoe salesman to no avail.
After months of unemployment, in the late 1979 and 1980, Egan focused on the idea of family entertainment. As at the time, there were only three touring family shows, Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus and two ice shows, Ice Follies and Holiday on Ice. He based it off his time working for the Ice Follies which had a segment with those Sesame Street Muppets. Egan approached Jim Henson's company and Children's Television Workshop, who were interested. Egan refinanced his home mortgage for $25 thousand in additional funding and found an equity investor. With the funding for his corporation that he started on March 14, 1980, VEE Corporation was able to sign a licensing agreement with the Children's Television Workshop for the characters.
The first Sesame Street Live show opened in September 1980 at the Metropolitan Sports Center in Bloomington, Minnesota for a five-day run. That show was successful. The following shows in five locations had lackluster attendance costing VEE the profits made in Bloomington. Egan figured that the marketing material was confusing people in those markets as what type of show was not specified. He overhauled the script and marketing while getting his creditors to wait for payments. That Christmas, the show went on to play for four weeks at Madison Square Garden's 4,000-seat Felt Forum in New York City before an audience of 100,000 people. Egan was able to expand to Henson's Muppets tours in the mid-1980s and other show.
Around 2000, Egan purchased the equity fund's stake in the corporation. On April 1, 2015, Blue Star Media, LLC purchased VEE Corporation with Egan continuing on as a consultant. On December 1, 2016, Vincent E. Egan died.
Awards
Hall of Fame Award (2015) Event and Arena Marketing Conference
References
American chief executives
American entertainment industry businesspeople
1942 births
2016 deaths
William James Olcott (February 22, 1862 – April 29, 1935) was an American football player and mining and railroad executive in the Mesabi Range. He played college football for the University of Michigan from 1881 to 1883 and was captain of the 1882 and 1883 teams. After receiving his degree, he worked in the iron ore mining industry for more than 40 years. He was president of the Oliver Iron Mining Company from 1909 to 1928 and president of the Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Railway from 1901 to 1909.
Early years
Olcott was born in Detroit, Michigan, in 1862, the son of Harlow and Elizabeth Olcott. He moved with his family to Michigan's Upper Peninsula and attended school in Marquette, Michigan.
University of Michigan
He subsequently attended the University of Michigan where he studied chemistry and mining. He played on the Michigan Wolverines football team, was the starting "three-quarter back" from 1881 to 1883 and served as captain of the 1882 and 1883 teams.
Mining and railroad career
Olcott graduated from Michigan in 1884. After receiving his degree, Olcott returned to Michigan's Upper Peninsula, where he worked in the mining business. In 1885, he was employed as an assistant engineer to the Chapin Mine on the Menominee Range.
In 1890, he was reported to be living in Ironwood, Michigan, and working as an assistant superintendent of five mines at a salary of $3,600. Olcott later moved to Duluth, Minnesota, where he lived for three decades.
He became superintendent of the Lake Superior Consolidated Mines on the Mesabi Range. In 1897, he was appointed first vice president of the Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Railway and in 1901 became the company's president. He served as the railroad's president from 1901 to 1909.
In 1905, Olcott was promoted to the position of vice president of the Oliver Iron Mining Company; he had previously been the general manager of the company. In 1909, he was appointed as the company's president. The Oliver Iron Mining Company was at the time the subsidiary of the United States Steel Corporation responsible for the company's iron ore mining operations. He testified in 1913 in a government suit seeking to break up the steel company. Olcott had 40,000 men working for him and reported directly to John D. Rockefeller. Rockefeller and his family stayed at the Olcott's home in 1928.
Family and later years
On December 26, 1887, Olcott married Fannie Bailey of Ann Arbor, Michigan. In 1904, Olcott and his wife built a 10,000 square foot Georgian Colonial mansion for their family in Duluth. The house was built at a cost of $140,000 and had an estate covering five city lots surrounded by a brick and wrought iron wall. The Olcotts had two daughters who they raised in the house. The Olcott family donated the house to Duluth Teachers College in 1939, where it housed a music school.
In 1925, Olcott and his wife established the "Olcott Lodge", a rest lodge for wives of the Oliver Iron Mining Company at Half Moon Lake in the Mesabi Range. At the time, a newspaper account noted: "The lodge itself is a charming place, and the surroundings of lake and forest attractive and restful. The Olcotts not only have caused the beautiful lodge to be built and completely furnished and equipped, but they defray all costs of maintenance, with a competent and experienced woman in charge." In 1931, the camp was turned over to the Girl Scouts and has been operated since that time as the Fannie Bailey Olcott Girl Scout Camp.
Olcott retired as president of the Oliver Iron Mining Co. in 1928 and traveled extensively in the seven years following his retirement, including a year in Europe and trips to Florida and California.
In April 1935, Olcott died while visiting his daughter, Mrs. Torrey Ford, in Pasadena, California. He died from pneumonia following a stroke suffered several weeks earlier. He was 73 years old at the time of his death.
Legacy and honors
Olcott Park - Olcott Park is a 40-acre (160,000 m2) piece of land in Virginia, Minnesota reserved for the city's enjoyment. It has a fountain in the northern part built during the Great Depression. There is also a bandstand in the center, used mainly for city band performances. To the south, it borders Parkview Learning Center, to the east 9th Avenue West, to the north 9th Street North, and to the west Greenwood Cemetery. Olcott Park is also home to the Olcott Park Greenhouse. Williams Olcott's company, the Oliver Iron Mining Co., first leased the land to the city in 1905 for $1 per year if the city would pay taxes. In 1939 the city purchased the land for $9,015.
Olcott Park Greenhouse - The Olcott Park Greenhouse 4,500 square feet (420 m²) is a city-operated greenhouse located in the 40 acre (162,000 m²) Olcott Park at N 9th Avenue W and 7th Street N in Virginia, Minnesota. It is open to the public year-round without charge. This three-room greenhouse dates from the 1930s. Its central room contains a good collection of exotic plants, ranging in size from small specimens to mature Ponderosa lemon trees bearing fruit, with cacti and succulents, large agave, palm, and ficus specimens. Historically, it was the site for huge begonia shows which attracted thousands of visitors. The north and south greenhouses were used to raise bedding plants for flower beds throughout the city.
William J. Olcott (Steamer) - Due to his standing in the mining and railroad industry, a steam boat was named for him and launched on July 9th, 1910, in Ecorse, Michigan.
References
1862 births
1935 deaths
19th-century players of American football
American railroad executives
Michigan Wolverines football players
People from Marquette, Michigan
Players of American football from Duluth, Minnesota
John Byron Dale (born December 19, 1945) is an American former ice hockey defenseman and Olympian.
Dale played with Team USA at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. He previously played for the Eastern Hockey League's Johnstown Jets as well as the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers men's ice hockey team.
Jack Dale is the father of actor Ian Anthony Dale (born July 3, 1978).
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
American men's ice hockey left wingers
The Art Gallery of Hamilton (AGH) is an art museum located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The museum occupies a building on King Street West in downtown Hamilton, designed by Trevor P. Garwood-Jones. The institution is southwestern Ontario's largest and oldest art museum.
The museum was established as the Municipal Gallery of Hamilton in January 1914, and was opened to the public in June 1914, at a Hamilton Public Library building on Main Street West. The museum continued to operate from that location until 1953, when the museum relocated to a new building in the neighbourhood of Westdale. In 1977, the museum moved to its present King Street West location. The museum building was renovated with designs by Bruce Kuwabara from 2003 to 2005.
The Art Gallery of Hamilton's permanent collection has over 10,000 works by artists from Canada, and around the world. In addition to exhibiting works from its collection, the museum has also organized, and hosted a number of travelling exhibitions.
History
The spouse of William Blair Bruce donated a number of works to the City of Hamilton, on the condition that an adequate facility was founded to house them. The museum was formally incorporated by the city on 31 January 1914 as the Municipal Gallery of Hamilton. The museum first operated from the second floor of a Hamilton Public Library branch on Main Street, west of James Street. The museum was opened to the public on 28 June 1914, hosting an exhibition 33 works by William Blair Bruce.
In 1947, the raised the budget of the institution significantly, and the employment of the institution's first curator-director, Thomas Reid MacDonald. MacDonald had sought to grow the institution's collection, as well as refurbish, or construct a new museum's building. During this time, an auxiliary volunteer group to support the museum, known as the Women's Volunteer Committee. The Committee helped raise funds for the acquisition of works, as well as funds for a new building. On 12 December 1953 the museum opened a one-storey Art Deco building in the neighbourhood of Westdale, adjacent to McMaster University.
However, by the 1960s, it had become apparent that any expansion of the museum would require relocation, as expansion plans for the adjacent university made any plans to expand the museum difficult. The museum eventually announced its plans to relocate to downtown Hamilton, as a part of the municipal government's larger "Civic Square Project;" which included Hamilton Convention Centre, and Hamilton Place (later renamed FirstOntario Concert Hall). Trevor Garwood-Jones was commissioned to design a new building for the museum, and was opened in October 1977.
In 2003, the museum underwent C$18 million renovation of the building. The renovated museum building was reopened in May 2005.
The museum was notified in 2003 that a painting in its permanent collection, Portrait of a Lady, by Johannes Cornelisz Verspronck, was suspected of being art stolen by the Nazis during World War II. After a 10 year investigation into the claim, the museum confirmed the claim in November 2014, and returned the painting to its original owners. The painting was acquired by the museum at a Sotheby's auction for C$58,000 in 1987; with the museum unaware that the work was stolen art.
From 2013 to February 2018, the museum operated a satellite location on James Street North, as a retail and flexible space for museum programs, such as its film program. Following the closure of the AGH Annex, the museum's films are shown at the Lincoln Alexander Centre.
Architecture
The museum is situated on King Street West in downtown Hamilton. The property is owned by the municipal government, with the museum occupying the property under a lease arrangement. The museum occupies a building originally designed by Trevor Garwood-Jones. Garwood-Jones was commissioned to design a building for the museum, and the museum was later built and opened in 1977. The building design was typical of other brutalist designs found in the city, with exposed concrete, shaped like bunker like boxes. Shortly after its opening 1979, Garwood-Jones was awarded a design award from the Ontario Association of Architects for the new museum building.
Initially the building's main entrance was to be situated on the building's second level, connected through series of municipally maintained elevated walkways around Commonwealth Square. The elevated walkway plan, known as Plus 15, was never completed, with developments abandoned by the municipal government. However, as a result of abandoning the Plus 15 system, the museum's entrance was placed at a covered street off the main roadways, and Commonwealth Square adjacent to the museum was disconnected from the street.
In 2003, the museum undertook a two-year renovation of the museum building, completed in 2005. The renovations were undertaken by KPMB Architects, with Bruce Kuwabara serving as its renovation's design partner. PCL Construction was contracted as the renovation's construction manager, whereas Stantec was contracted as the project manager for the renovations. The renovations saw the installation of insulated gold-steel panels to cover the existing structure, with most of the materials coming from Dofasco. The renovations also saw the construction of a pavilion, and Irving Zucker Sculpture Garden to the south of the museum, occupying the space formerly planned for the Plus 15 elevated walkways.
Permanent collection
As of October 2018, the museum has over 10,000 works in its permanent collection. As of 2018, approximately 12 per cent of all works in the museum's permanent collection were created by female artists. The permanent collection is organized into three collection areas, the Canadian collection, the contemporary art collection, and the international collection.
The museum's Canadian collection area includes works from all Canadian, including indigenous Canadian artists; although it does not include contemporary Canadian artists, whose works are organized into the contemporary collection area. In 2016, the museum received a donation of 75 Inuit sculptures, crafted by Inuit patients of the Hamilton Mountain Sanatorium as a part of their therapy. The contemporary collection includes all contemporary artists, regardless of nationality of geographic origin. The international collection includes works from non-Canadian artists, notably European artists from the Baroque to Post-Impressionism period, with particular emphasis on the French, British and Italian schools. A number of the works in the international collection were donated by Joey and Toby Tanenbaum, including 200 European works in 2002, and their entire African collection in 2010.
The museum's permanent collection originates from the number of works by William Blair Bruce, bequeathed to the City of Hamilton in 1914. From 1929 to 1947, the museum's permanent collection saw little growth, given unsafe storage conditions, and lack of patrons willing to contribute to the institution. In 1947, the raised the budget of the institution significantly, allowing for the employment of a curator, and conservation staff for the collection.
Efforts to revitalize the collection was undertaken in the mid-20th century by the museum's first curator-director, Thomas Reid MacDonald. Acquisition efforts by the museum was also bolstered by the fundraising efforts of the museum's Women's Volunteer Committee. MacDonald held an annual winter exhibition from 1948 to 1973, and provided artists with an important exhibition venue and also brought works to Hamilton that might be acquired by the museum. Typically around one hundred works were featured in each exhibition, with the purchase prize for admittance to the AGH permanent collection. In this way, many important works were acquired, such as A.J. Casson's First Snow, Lilias Torrance Newton's Keith MacIver, and the iconic Horse and Train by Alex Colville.
One of the work's selected from the winter exhibition, Colville's Horse and Train was panned by The Hamilton Spectator art critic Mary Mason, who wrote: "There are undoubtedly some very fine paintings out at the Art Gallery of Hamilton in this year's Winter Show, but the winner of the purchase prize is not, alas, one of them." The paint would become one of the more popular works in the museum's collection, having been featured on several items in contemporary culture. Shortly after Colville's death, the painting was exhibited alongside two study drawings that help demonstrate the geometrical plotting in the work. In addition to the study drawings, the work was also accompanied by a latter from Colville thanking the museum's director for purchasing the work, and a display of books that the work was featured on.
Selected works
Library
The museum also operates a reference library, the Muriel Bostwick Library. The library's holdings includes documents that support the permanent collection, as well as past catalogues, and exhibition documents published by the museum.
See also
Culture of Hamilton, Ontario
List of art museums
List of attractions in Hamilton, Ontario
List of museums in Ontario
References
Further reading
External links
1914 establishments in Ontario
Art museums established in 1914
Buildings and structures completed in 1977
Museums in Hamilton, Ontario
Art museums and galleries in Ontario
José Manuel Soto (born 19 September 1946) is a former Costa Rican cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Costa Rican male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Costa Rica
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from San José, Costa Rica
Guiyu (), in Guangdong Province, China, is widely perceived as the largest electronic waste (e-waste) site in the world. In 2005, there were 60,000 e-waste workers in Guiyu who processed the more than 100 truckloads that were transported to the 52-square-kilometre area every day. The constant movement into and processing of e-wastes in the area leading to the harmful and toxic environment and living conditions, coupled with inadequate facilities, have led to the Guiyu town being nicknamed the "electronic graveyard of the world".
It is believed that much of the waste is imported from developed countries. The European Union has sanctions against exporting waste to developing countries, but those rules are aggressively ignored. Many waste goods are classed as "charitable donations" before they're dumped on scrap heaps. Similarly, Agbogbloshie, in Ghana, is another example how thousands of tons of electronic waste from Europe is dumped in developing countries.
Health impacts
Once a rice village, the pollution has made Guiyu unable to produce crops for food and the water of the river is undrinkable. Many of the primitive recycling operations in Guiyu are toxic and dangerous to workers' health with 80% of children suffering from lead poisoning. Above-average miscarriage rates are also reported in the region. Workers use their bare hands to crack open electronics to strip away any parts that can be reused—including chips and valuable metals, such as gold, silver, etc. Workers also "cook" circuit boards to remove chips and solders, burn wires and other plastics to liberate metals such as copper; use highly corrosive and dangerous acid baths along the riverbanks to extract gold from the microchips; and sweep printer toner out of cartridges. Children are exposed to the dioxin-laden ash as the smoke billows around Guiyu, and finally settles on the area. The soil surrounding these factories has been saturated with lead, chromium, tin, and other heavy metals. Discarded electronics lie in pools of toxins that leach into the groundwater, making the water undrinkable to the extent that water must be trucked in from elsewhere. Lead levels in the river sediment are double European safety levels, according to the Basel Action Network. Lead in the blood of Guiyu's children is 54% higher on average than that of children in the nearby town of Chendian. Piles of ash and plastic waste sit on the ground beside rice paddies and dikes holding in the Lianjiang River.
A 2008 study titled Heavy Metals Concentrations of Surface Dust from E-Waste Recycling and Its Human Health Implications in Southeast China examined environmental and human health risks in Guiyu by collecting dust samples from workshops, roads, a schoolyard and an outdoor food market that sells fish, vegetables and meat. The study found that in the workshops, there were elevated levels of lead, copper and zinc; at a schoolyard, there were elevated levels of lead and copper. Other areas near the school also contained extremely high levels of nickel in areas where children often eat (and are therefore exposed to contaminated dust). In the food market, high levels of copper, nickel, lead and zinc were found. This was a concern because the food (often placed in plastic buckets on the ground) likely comes into contact with this contaminated dust. Lead and copper in road dust were 330 and 106, and 371 and 155 times higher, respectively, than non e-waste sites located 8 and 30 km away. High levels of toxic metals at the schoolyard and food market showed that public places were adversely impacted. Out of all the metals found, lead consistently had the greatest amounts present at all locations, with copper being the second most-abundant. Levels of lead for a workshop employee exceeded the "safe" amount of oral lead ingestion by 50 times. Lead levels for the general public were 5 times lower than those for e-waste workers but was still higher than the "safe" amount. Children, who face great adverse effects from lead poisoning, face a potential health risk at all locations 8 times higher than adults. Studies done in 2009 have revealed that Guiyu has some of the highest levels of dioxin contamination in the world.
Children under the age of 6 are especially vulnerable to lead poisoning, which can severely affect their mental and physical development or even be fatal. Lead can result in irreversible brain damage to their still developing brains. Some symptoms of lead poisoning in children include loss of appetite, weight loss, fatigue, stomach pain, vomiting, constipation and learning difficulties. Symptoms in adults include high blood pressure, decline in mental functioning, pain/numbness of extremities, muscle weakness, headache, stomach pain, memory loss, mood disorders and fertility problems including higher probability of miscarriages. For both children and adults, lead poisoning can result in damage to the kidneys and nervous system.
Economic rationale
The economic incentives created by strict domestic regulation, non-existent or unenforced regulations in developing countries, and the ease of free trade brought about by globalization, led recyclers to export e-waste. The value of parts in discarded electronics provides an incentive for poverty-stricken citizens to migrate to Guiyu from other provinces to work in processing it. Guiyu has 5,500 businesses, many of them family workshops, that dismantle old electronics to extract lead, gold, copper and other valuable metals. This industry employs tens of thousands of people and dismantles 1.5 million pounds of discarded computers, cell phones and other electronics each year. The average worker, adult or child, makes barely $1.50/day (or 17 cents/hour). The average workday is sixteen hours. This $1.50 is made by recovering the valuable metals and parts that are within the piles of discarded electronics. Even this relatively tiny profit is enough motivation for workers to risk their health.
Media coverage
Guiyu as an e-waste hub was first documented fully in December 2001 by the Basel Action Network, a non-profit organization which combats the practice of toxic waste export to developing countries in their report and documentary film entitled Exporting Harm. The health and environmental issues exposed by this report and subsequent scientific studies have greatly concerned international organizations such as the Basel Action Network and later Greenpeace and the United Nations Environment Programme and the Basel Convention. Media documentation of Guiyu is tightly regulated by the Chinese government, for fear of exposure or legal action. For example, a November 2008 news story by 60 Minutes, a popular US TV news program, documented the illegal shipments of electronic waste from recyclers in the US to Guiyu. While taping part of the story on-site at an illegal recycling dump in Guiyu, representatives of the Chinese recyclers attempted without success to confiscate the footage from the 60 Minutes TV crew. Greenpeace has protested the environmental impacts of e-waste recycling in Guiyu using different methods to raise awareness such as building a statue using e-waste collected from a site in Guiyu, or delivering a truckload of e-waste dumped in Guiyu back to Hewlett Packard headquarters. Greenpeace has been lobbying large consumer electronics companies to stop using toxic substances in their products, with varying degrees of effectiveness.
In 2005 a Planet Funk video for their song "Stop Me", shows the situation throughout the city, with people living and working inside an e-waste environment.
Cleanup efforts
Since 2007, conditions in Guiyu have changed little despite the efforts of the central government to crack down and enforce the long-standing e-waste import ban. However, because of the work of activist groups and increasing awareness of the situation, the local government has created steps to improve environmental conditions. "It can be done. Look at what happened with lead acid batteries. We discovered they were hazardous, new legislation enforced new ways of dealing with the batteries which led to an infrastructure being created. The key was making it easy for people and companies to participate. It took years to build. E-waste is going the same route. But attitudes have changed and we will get there", says Robert Houghton, president and founder of Redemtech, an asset management and recovery firm. Zheng Songming, head of the Guiyu Township government has published a decree to ban burning electronics in fires and soaking them in sulfuric acid, and promises supervision and fines for violations. Over 800 coal-burning furnaces have been destroyed because of this ordinance, and most notably, air quality has returned to Level II, now technically acceptable for habitation.
In 2013, 《汕头市贵屿地区电子废物污染综合整治方案》(Comprehensive Scheme of Resolving Electronic Waste Pollution of Guiyu region of Shantou City) was approved by Guangdong Province government. Part of this scheme involves building and relocating all the workshops into an industrial ecology park where the wastes can be properly treated and recycled. In 2017, most workshops were merged into larger companies and moved to the National Circular Economy Pilot Industry Park. However, many areas are still contaminated from the remnants of e-waste processing and have not been cleaned up.
In popular culture
Chen Qiufan's novel The Waste Tide is heavily inspired by the recycling industry and environmental issues of Guiyu.
See also
Electronic waste in China
Environmental issues in China
Pollution in China
References
External links
Viceland: CTRL+ALT+LANDFILL – China's Secret Computer Graveyard
The complete photo service from Vice's photographer Luca Gabino
Video about e-waste in Guiyu
Series of pictures of e-waste in Guiyu -- Greenpeace China
FOXNews.com - Chinese Recyclers Live in Toxic E-Waste Dump - Science News | Science & Technology | Technology News
Shantou
Guiyu
Electronic waste in China
Landfills
Petnica is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 180 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Iron Horse Park (formerly known as the Billerica Repair Shops) is the name of the former repair facilities of the Boston and Maine Railroad repair facilities in North Billerica, Massachusetts.
History
In 1913, the Boston and Maine Railroad (B&M) built its repair yards in North Billerica off High Street, which were named the Billerica Repair Shops. This complex expanded into a large industrial park that is now called Iron Horse Park. Pan Am Railways now own the site and still have their main offices in the park, but the old B&M repair yards and buildings are no longer in operation, although the railroad tracks remain in use as there are a couple of rail customers in the park area.
The employees of the Billerica Repair Shops built a small neighborhood behind the old Faulkner Mills along the railroad line, adjacent to the depot, starting in 1904. This neighborhood became known as Garden City because of the large flower gardens the residents would have in their yards. Based on the Garden suburbs in England, Garden City can be considered one of America's oldest suburbs, according to the October 2, 2005 edition of the Lowell Sun. Today, only a few houses still have these gardens, but the old name still remains. Some of the streets in the neighborhood were built on the old track beds of the Billerica and Bedford Railroad where it ran spur lines between the depot, round house, and the loading dock of the old mills.
In the 1980s, the former shops became a Superfund site.
Occasionally, a small freight train will run down the old Billerica and Bedford track from the depot to the Salem Road Crossing and switch onto the parks spur line to deliver and pick up cars from customers, including the Boston Globe's distribution plant, and exit the park onto the main Lowell Line and return to Boston. Iron Horse Park is the dividing line between North Billerica and East Billerica.
The MBTA is constructing a new commuter rail dispatching center at the location.
References
Billerica, Massachusetts
Superfund sites in Massachusetts
Boston and Maine Railroad
Buildings and structures in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Rail yards in Massachusetts
Pan Am Railways
Industrial buildings and structures in Massachusetts
Rail transportation in Massachusetts
Railway workshops in the United States
or is a strait located in Tromsø Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. The long strait separates the island of Tromsøya (the location of the city of Tromsø) from the mainland east of the island. The strait is crossed by the Tromsøysund Tunnel (E8 highway) and by the Tromsø Bridge. The strait ranges from about wide. The strait connects to the Balsfjorden and Straumsfjorden to the south and into the Kvalsundet and Grøtsundet straits to the north.
References
Tromsø
Landforms of Troms og Finnmark
Straits of Norway
Kenneth Dennis Molloy (August 2, 1919 – March 9, 1999) was a judge on the New York State Supreme Court.
Early life
Molloy was born in Brooklyn, New York and attended high school at Manual Training High School, where he played lacrosse, basketball, baseball and swimming. He also worked on the school newspaper, was class president and a member of the student government. Molloy was also a member of the Mu Chapter of the Omega Gamma Delta fraternity and became acquainted with Manhasset through both the fraternity (which had a chapter in Manhasset) and through lacrosse which was then the only school on Long Island to have a team.
Molloy subsequently attended Syracuse University, where he played lacrosse and was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. He became a two-time All-American in lacrosse.
World War II
On March 29, 1943, Ens. Molloy was assigned to Squadron 21 and told to report to Commander Motor Torpedo Squadron Twenty-One, Navy Yard, New York for outfitting. He then served as a PT boat commander in the Pacific in World War II where he was awarded a Silver Star for "conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action against the enemy" while holding the rank of Lieutenant (jg.). His citation reads:
On 17 August 1944, as Commanding Officer of Motor Torpedo Boat 326, he was conducting a patrol against Japanese barges on the west shore of Geelvink Bay. On the previous night another PT patrol had sighted and attacked approximately twelve enemy barges on the beach on the southeastern coast of Mansiman Island, off Manokwari, New Guinea. Under orders to make a close reconnaissance of these barges, and to destroy any that remained serviceable, he approached the position in broad daylight to within twenty yards of the beach. He first made one run at a very slow speed to appraise the number and condition of the enemy craft. He then reversed his course and thoroughly strafed the entire row of barges. At this time heavy calibre enemy batteries at Manokwari opened up, as well as machine gun positions on Mansiman. Despite this, he courageously and aggressively made a second run in the face of the fire to within fifty yards of the barges and beach. It has been definitely established that three of the craft were sunk, and all the remaining barges were damaged beyone repair. His skill and calmness were outstanding. His leadership was an inspiration to his men. His actions were in keeping with the highest traditions of the Navy of the United States.
−Thomas C. Kinkaid, Vice Admiral, U.S. Navy, Commander Seventh Fleet. Classified Citation
Following his tour as a PT boat commander, Molloy was recruited by the O.S.S. to head a highly dangerous mission in connection with the projected invasion of Japan. A small fleet of junks was to be filled with high explosives and sunk over the tunnels connecting the Japanese southern islands with the main island, to destroy them prior to the actual invasion and impede the movement of troops. A single junk was designated to attempt rescue of the crews. Molloy and his associates were returning to the Pacific from training in the United States when the atom bombs were dropped, averting the invasion. Molloy had sufficiently impressed the head of the O.S.S., General William Donovan, that he later offered Molloy a place in his law firm on graduation from law school.
Later life
Following his time in the Navy, he returned to Syracuse for law school and doubled as the Syracuse Varsity Lacrosse coach. Molloy passed the New York Bar Exam while still a law student and the Bar Association responded by barring students from taking the exam in future.
Molloy moved to Manhasset after law school and became involved in the local lacrosse program and expanding the lacrosse programs at Long Island schools. Over his nearly 50 years in Manhasset, his community involvement led to his being dubbed "Mr. Manhasset." During the 1960s he was an unsuccessful Republican nominee for Congress. The lacrosse field in Manhasset and an annual Lacrosse Invitational are named after him.
Molloy played a role in the cultivation of Jim Brown's athletic career. When the coaching staff at Syracuse University did not offer a scholarship to Brown, Molloy raised enough money to pay for Brown's first year and obtained a promise from the school that if Brown proved to be a talented athlete, he would be put on scholarship.
He died in March 1999, with a formal memorial service held at the Supreme Court Building in Mineola. His son, Kenneth Molloy, and grandson, Kenneth Thomas Molloy, are named after him.
References
External links
Brennan, Eileen. "A Sad Farewell to 'Mr. Manhasset'". Manhasset Press, March 19, 1999.
1919 births
1999 deaths
People from Manhasset, New York
Syracuse University alumni
Syracuse University faculty
New York (state) Republicans
United States Navy officers
American lacrosse players
Hunor Kelemen (born 18 October 1967) is a Romanian politician and Hungarian language writer. The current president of the Democratic Alliance of Hungarians in Romania (UDMR), he has been a member of the Romanian Chamber of Deputies since 2000, and was nominated as his party's candidate for the 2009, 2014, and 2019 presidential elections. From December 2009 to May 2012 he was Romania's Minister of Culture in the Emil Boc and Mihai Răzvan Ungureanu governments, a role he has reprised between March and October 2014 in the government headed by Victor Ponta.
In 2000, Hunor Kelemen was awarded the Order of the Star of Romania, Commander rank, and in 2008 Hungary's Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit. In 2012, he married Éva Czézár; the civil ceremony took place at Cârța Town Hall, while the religious wedding was held at St. Michael's Church in Cluj-Napoca.
Biography
An ethnic Hungarian, he was born in Cârța. He completed primary school in Ineu-Ciuc, and the gymnasium in his native locality, while practising ice hockey in the school's team. After completing high school in Târgu Mureș, he enrolled in the University of Agricultural Sciences and Veterinary Medicine of Cluj-Napoca, graduating as a veterinarian in 1993, and then in the Faculty of Philosophy of the Babeș-Bolyai University, graduating in 1998.
Following the Revolutions of 1989, Hunor Kelemen was one of the founders of the Hungarian language cultural magazines Jelenlét and later became deputy editor-in-chief. After 1993 he also collaborated with the Hungarian language magazine Korunk, and between 1990 and 1997 he was editor of cultural and political shows for the Radio Cluj, part of the Romanian Radio Broadcasting Company. In 1995 Hunor Kelemen published his first poetry volume in Hungarian language, Mínuszévek, for which he was awarded the Debut Prize of the Writers' Union of Romania in 1996. He further published a novel, A madárijesztők halála ("The scarecrow's death"), in 1999, and a second poetry volume, A szigetlakó ("The islander"), in 2001, both in Hungarian language.
Kelemen entered politics in 1997, when he was appointed as Secretary of State from the UDMR in the Romanian government's Ministry of Culture. He held this post until 2000, when he was elected in the lower house of the Romanian Parliament on the UDMR list. He was re-elected in 2004 and in 2008, obtaining over 50% of the votes in his electoral college in the latter elections.
In June 2009, the UDMR Council of the Union Representatives voted Hunor Kelemen as candidate for the office of President of Romania in that year's November elections. On this occasion Kelemen declared his program will include a proposal for Hungarian ethnic autonomy, in a way "that would not upset the Romanian ethnics". In July, at a summer camp organised by the UDMR at Băile Tușnad, he acknowledged that, as a Hungarian ethnic, he had no chance to win, but he presented the motives that led to his candidature: the desire of the Hungarian community of Romania to have a candidate of its own, the need to fill the traditional Hungarian segment in Romanian politics, and the need to present the message of the Hungarian minority to the Romanian majority. He received 372,764 votes (3.83% of the ballot). He performed better in the regions with important Hungarian communities, winning a majority in the counties of Harghita (71.2%) and Covasna (52.8%), and the second place in Mureș and Satu Mare.
On December 20, 2009, Emil Boc, nominated as prime-minister by the re-elected Traian Băsescu, proposed Hunor Kelemen as the Minister of Culture in the PDL-UDMR coalition government. The proposal was met with strong protests by PDL vice-president Cezar Preda, who declared that his party made the "greatest political mistake of the last years". Following unofficial protests from the Patriarch of the Romanian Orthodox Church, the Religious Affairs, previously subordinated to the Ministry of Culture, were put under the direct control of the prime-minister. Reportedly, the Orthodox Church was dissatisfied with being subordinated to a minister of a different denomination. The cabinet was approved by the Parliament on December 23, 2009.
Kelemen left government in May 2012 when the Răzvan Ungureanu government lost a vote of confidence and was replaced by one led by Victor Ponta.
Electoral history
Presidential elections
References
External links
2009 campaign site
1967 births
Living people
People from Harghita County
Romanian veterinarians
Hungarian-language writers
Babeș-Bolyai University alumni
Romanian writers
Romanian educators
Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Romania)
Commanders of the Order of the Star of Romania
Romanian Ministers of Culture
Candidates for President of Romania
Commander's Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary (civil)
Namkoong Won (born August 1, 1934) is a South Korean actor. Namkoong was born Hong Gyeong-il in 1934. He was a popular actor of the 1960s along with Shin Seong-il, Shin Young-kyun and Choi Moo-ryong.
Filmography
* Note; the whole list is referenced.
Awards
1970, the 6th Baeksang Arts Awards : Favorite Film Actor selected by readers
1970, the 7th Blue Dragon Film Awards : Favorite Actor
1971, the 7th Baeksang Arts Awards : Favorite Film Actor selected by readers
1971, the 8th Blue Dragon Film Awards : Favorite Actor
1972, the 8th Baeksang Arts Awards : Favorite Film Actor selected by readers
1973, the 12th Grand Bell Awards : Best Actor (다정다한)
1973, the 9th Baeksang Arts Awards : Best Film Actor (충녀)
1973, the 9th Baeksang Arts Awards : Favorite Film Actor selected by readers
1974, the 10th Baeksang Arts Awards : Favorite Film Actor selected by readers
1975, the 11th Baeksang Arts Awards : Favorite Film Actor selected by readers
1981, the 20th Grand Bell Awards : Best Actor (피막)
References
External links
1934 births
Male actors from Seoul
Living people
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
Namyang Hong clan
Robert Juranic (29 May 1904 – 8 December 1973) was an Austrian footballer. He played in six matches for the Austria national football team from 1926 to 1928.
References
External links
1904 births
1973 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Erigeron poliospermus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names gray-seeded fleabane and purple cushion fleabane. Native to western North America, it is mainly found in east of the Cascade Range in Washington, Oregon, and Idaho. A species of desert, scrub and rocky habitats below , it occasionally found at higher elevations.
Erigeron poliospermus is a small perennial herb rarely more than tall, producing a woody taproot. The plant generally produces only 1–3 flower heads per stem. Each head has 15–45 pink, purple, or white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The ray florets are lacking in var. disciformis. The involucre bracts, long, are more or less the same length and are sparsely to densely white-hairy.
Varieties
Erigeron poliospermus var. cereus Cronquist - Washington
Erigeron poliospermus var. disciformis (Cronquist) G.L.Nesom - Washington, Oregon
Erigeron poliospermus var. poliospermus - British Columbia, Washington, Idaho, Oregon
References
External links
poliospermus
Plants described in 1884
Flora of British Columbia
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The 2021 North Dakota State Bison baseball team represented North Dakota State University during the 2021 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Bison play their home games at Newman Outdoor Field adjacent to NDSU's campus. The team was coached by Tod Brown in his 14th season at NDSU. The Bison won the Summit League tournament for the second time since entering Division 1 and first time since the 2014 season. After entering the NCAA Tournament the Bison went 1-2 and were eliminated after being defeated by No. 7 overall Stanford and No. 17 overall UC Irvine. They defeated Nevada for the team's first ever NCAA Division 1 Tournament game win.
Previous season
The Bison began the 2020 season 8-9 before the NCAA's decision to cancel the season on March 12 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the season's cancellation, all Division I college baseball players were granted an extra year of eligibility.
Personnel
Roster
Coaching staff
Schedule and results
Stanford Regional
References
North Dakota State Bison baseball
2021 college baseball season
Suicide is the act of intentionally ending one's own life (and can be a noun for a person who has died by suicide).
Suicide may also refer to:
Arts, entertainment and media
Suicide (wrestling), a professional wrestling persona, used by multiple professional wrestlers
Suicide (game), a type of street game that involves the bouncing of a ball against a wall
Suicide (Durkheim book), an 1897 case study on suicide by French sociologist Émile Durkheim
Suicide (novel), a 2008 short novel by Edouard Levé
Suicide (Suvorov book), a 2001 book by Viktor Suvorov
Music
Suicide (band), an American electronic/punk band, intermittently active from 1970-2016
Suicide (1977 album), the first album by Suicide
Suicide: Alan Vega and Martin Rev, the second album by Suicide
Suicide (Sweet Water album), a 1999 album by American rock band Sweet Water
Suicide, a 2010 mixtape by American rapper Lil Scrappy
Suicide, it's a suicide, a hip hop meme
"Suicide", a song by T-Pain from the 2007 album Epiphany
"Suicide", a song by The Devin Townsend Band from the 2003 album Accelerated Evolution
"Suicide", a song by Thin Lizzy from the 1975 album Fighting
"Suicide", a song of by the band Adler's Appetite
Other uses
Animal suicide, suicide in animals concerns self-destructive behavior of various species in the animal kingdom
Aokigahara (also called the Suicide Forest), in Japan
Euthanasia, the practice of intentionally ending life to relieve pain and suffering
Suicide, a trick with the diabolo juggling prop, in which the player lets go of one hand and spins the diabolo freely
Suicide (b-boy move), a breakdancer's sudden drop to his or her back
Suicide Hill (Montana), a mountain in the U.S. state of Montana
See also
The Suicide (disambiguation)
The Canton Township MPS is a multiple property submission, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. A multiple property submission is a group of related structures that share a common theme. The Canton Township MPS consists of eleven houses (some with associated property and outbuildings) built between 1825 and 1904 and located in Canton Township, Michigan.
Early history and settlement
Although lands around Detroit had been settled since the early 18th century, it took considerably longer for interior parts of Michigan to attract settlers. After the American Revolution, the United States began plans to expand into what was then the Northwest Territory. However, the British still held onto some trading posts in the area, and the Native Americans still held legal title to most of Michigan. The War of 1812 removed the British from the area, and a series of treaties with area tribes removed most obstacles to settlement.
However, it was commonly believed that the interior of Michigan was of poor quality: Edward Tiffin, surveyor general of the United States in the 1810s, reported that the area consisted primarily of swamps, likes, and poor sandy soil. Thus, most early settlers headed for more southerly (and more easily accessible) lands near the Ohio River, and surveying in Michigan wasn't begun until 1815.
Eventually, settlers (primarily from New York and New England) made it into the area. The first purchasers of land in Canton Township were Philander and Samuel Burd, who filed on May 30, 1825. A week later, Timothy Sheldon (builder of the Sheldon Inn) and Lucretia Downer purchased property; by the end of 1825 thirteen people had settled in the township. The opening of the Erie Canal in October 1825 made the journey to Michigan easier and spurred settlement in Michigan. Land purchases in Canton Township peaked in 1833, and all but 14 of the 328 parcels were sold by 1836. By the 1840 census, the population of Canton Township was 1081.
Many families whose houses are included in this MPS were among the first wave of settlers purchasing property in Canton. Timothy Sheldon built his Sheldon Inn in 1825 shortly after he arrived in the area. Moses Bradford (Benjamin's brother) also arrived in 1825, and John Patterson arrived in 1826. Elisha Kinyon, Orrin's father, bought land in 1831; both Orrin Kinyon and Benjamin Bradford purchased their own farms in 1835. These families, as were the bulk of Canton's early settlers, traveled from New York and New England to Michigan.
Later history
A second wave of settlers arrived in the latter half of the nineteenth century. Unlike the first settlers from New England, this second wave consisted primarily of immigrants from Central Europe. Two houses built by German immigrants or their descendants, the Phillip and Maria Hasselbach Dingledey House and the John and Edna Truesdell Fischer Farmstead.
For the remainder of the century, the population of the area remained relatively stable, and farmland was passed from generation to generation. Whereas the early settlers engaged in subsistence farming, their descendants were able to turn farming into a business, with many going into the dairy business. In the twentieth century, farmers turned to market farming, delivering their produce and other goods to markets in Detroit and other area cities.
Architecture
Many of the early settlers in Canton Township were from New York and New England. These pioneers brought Greek Revival-style architecture with them and implemented it when they constructed their own houses. All pre-1865 houses on this MPS were originally constructed in the Greek Revival style, although one (the Thomas and Maria Blackman Bartlett House) was later updated with Victorian elements.
As the nineteenth century progressed, the local family farms prospered, and the farmers grew more affluent. This economic success was reflected in the increasing size and modernity of the houses built in Canton Township. Earlier houses were updated and/or enlarged as the residents were able to afford more space. At the same time, architectural styles changed, with later houses being of an upright and wing or gabled-ell design. Near the end of the century, typically Victorian house forms, Stick-Eastlake and Queen Anne were also used.
Houses in MPS
{| class="wikitable"
!Resource Name
!Image
!Address
!architecture
!Built
!Description
|-
|Thomas and Maria Blackman Bartlett House
|
|500 N. Ridge Rd.
|New England large house
|1840
|The Thomas and Maria Blackman Bartlett House (also known as the Bartlett-Travis House) was originally constructed c. 1840 in a Greek Revival style, but in subsequent years has been updated with Victorian elements. In 1989, the house was moved to its current location and placed on a new foundation. Restoration work was begun in 1994 and finished in 2002.
|-
|David and Elizabeth Bell Boldman House
|
|3339 Canton Center Road
|Greek Revival
|1835
|The David and Elizabeth Bell Boldman House was a basilica-style Greek Revival with a two-story center section flanked by single-story wings. The former site of the house is now vacant.
|-
|Benjamin and Mary Ann Bradford House
|
|48145 Warren Rd.
|Greek Revival
|1860
|In 1825, Moses Bradford moved to Canton Township, one of the first settlers to stake a claim in the area. The following year, Aruna and Mary Bradford, Moses's parents, followed their son to Canton Township. On arrival, they bought the property this house now sits on; in 1835 they sold the parcel to their other son, Benjamin. In 1860, Benjamin built the house that now stands on the property; it remained in the Bradford family until 1911.
|-
|Thomas and Isabella Moore Clyde House
|
|50325 Cherry Hill Rd.
|Greek Revival
|1845
|The Thomas Clyde House is a -story clapboard upright and wing Greek Revival house with an unusual asymmetrical facade. It was built c. 1845, and moved from its original location across the street to its present location in 1924.
|-
|Phillip and Maria Hasselbach Dingledey House
|
|1638 Haggerty Road
|Upright and Wing house
|1881
|The Phillip and Maria Hasselbach Dingledey House was an upright and wing style farmhouse with a relatively unusual double upright. The house is no longer at its listed location; a small commercial complex now occupies the site.
|-
|John and Edna Truesdell Fischer Farmstead
|
|4896-5228 Sheldon Road
|Queen Anne, Greenhouse
|1897
|This farmstead includes an 1897 Queen Anne house built by the children of German immigrants, as well as a 1945 ranch house, 18 greenhouses, a boiler house, a modern garage, and the remnants of a barn and silo.
|-
|Orrin and Roxanne Fairman Kinyon House
|
|7675 N. Ridge Rd.
|Greek Revival
|1850
|This house is a Greek Revival farmhouse, of post and beam construction, sided with wood and sitting on a stone foundation. It was built in 1850 by Orrin Kinyon, the son of one of Canton Township's original settlers.
|-
|John and Eliza Barr Patterson House
|
|6205 N. Ridge Rd.
|Greek Revival
|1844
|In 1844, John Patterson married Eliza Barr; the couple purchased another plot of land and built this Greek Revival house. The farm remained in the family until 1999. The grounds still contain rose, daylily, and peony plantings that date from the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
|-
|Sheldon Inn
|
|44134 Michigan Avenue
|Greek Revival
|1825
|The Sheldon Inn is a two-story Greek Revival apartment building, previously used as a single-family home and a travelers' inn. The Inn was built by Timothy and Rachel Sheldon, one of the first families to settle in Canton Township, in 1825.
|-
|George and Mary Pine Smith House
|
|3704 Sheldon Road
|Gabled-ell house
|1904
|The land this house sits on was first farmed by William Smith of England, who purchased of land in 1830. William Smith and his wife Mary Collins Smith raised seven children on this farm, establishing a long line of Smiths farming in Canton Township. William's grandson George Smith Jr. married Mary Pine, and in 1904, George Jr. and Mary Smith spent $2,058.76 to build the house that now sits on the property. Although the present acreage is small, outbuildings on the property give the feel of the old farmstead and the wooded edges isolate the house from the surrounding modern developments.
|-
|Ephraim and Emma Woodworth Truesdell House
|
|1224 Haggerty Road
|Stick-Eastlake
|1888
|The structure is significant as one of the most finely crafted houses in the township, as well as its association with one of the most important families in the area.
|}
See also
Canton Charter Township, Michigan
Cherry Hill, Michigan
References
External links
Canton Township
Canton Historical Society
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Houses in Wayne County, Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Wayne County, Michigan
Miyonse Amosu (born August 26, 1992) is a Nigerian chef and media personality from Badagry in Lagos State, Nigeria. He is known for being a housemate in the Big Brother Naija season 2, and hosting the cooking segment of the Wake-Up Nigeria breakfast show on TVC Entertainment.
Early life and education
Born in Festac Town, Lagos State to an entrepreneur father and a mum who is a nurse, he is the last of four children with an elder sister as well as two elder brothers. He went through nursery and primary education at AT-BET International School in Lagos, Nigeria's most populous city.
He had his secondary education at Early Life Secondary School in Lagos, graduating in 2009, and proceeded to the University of Lagos where he bagged a Bachelor of Science (B.sc) degree in Mass Communication in 2013. After leaving the University, he had a brief stint at the Lagos State Signage & Advertisement Agency (LASAA), before deciding to make a switch to the culinary profession.
Big Brother
In 2017, he went in as one of an eventual 14 housemates on the second season of the popular reality show Big Brother Nigeria. In June 2017, he was announced as the maiden ambassador for Payporte Food store.
Awards and recognition
He was awarded for his “remarkable contribution” to the entertainment industry during the City People's Awards which held in August 2017 and also won the award for Outstanding Television Chef of the Year at the Nigerian Culinary Professionals Awards for his work on Wake Up Nigeria.
References
1992 births
Living people
Big Brother (franchise) contestants
People from Lagos
University of Lagos alumni
Nigerian media personalities
Gorgippus () was a son of Satyrus I and was a Spartocid joint ruler with his brother Leucon (389-349 BC) of the Bosporan Kingdom. He situated himself on the Asiatic side of the kingdom, in Gorgippia where he presumably ruled until his death in 349 BC.
Wars of Expansion
Gorgippus was a prominent figure of the Bosporan Wars of Expansion, after he became joint-ruler of the Bosporan Kingdom alongside his brother Leukon upon the death of their father Satyros I. He seems to have ended the war his father had unsuccessfully begun with queen Tirgatao of the Maeotians, who had been wronged by Satyrus earlier on in diplomatic relations with Hecataeus. Additionally, he seems to have renamed Sindia, the capital of the Sindike Kingdom, to Gorgippia, after himself.
In a speech against the Athenian orator Demosthenes, Gorgippus was described as one of the "detested tyrants", alongside Paerisades I and Satyrus I for whom Demosthenes had erected statues in Athens due to his grandfather's relation with the Spartocids. The same speech claimed that Demosthenes received a thousand bushels of grain from Gorgippus annually.
Gorgippus' daughter, Comosarye, may have been of Sindian descent. She married her cousin Paerisades I, a son of Leucon and later ruler of the Bosporan Kingdom.
References
4th-century BC rulers
Rulers of the Bosporan Kingdom
349 BC deaths
Spartocid dynasty
The Juuku () is a river in Jeti-Ögüz District of Issyk-Kul Region of Kyrgyzstan. It rises on north slopes of Teskey Ala-Too Range and flows into lake Issyk-Kul near Saruu. The length of the river is and the basin area . Average annual discharge is . The maximum flow is . Three breakthrough-prone moraine-dammed and moraine glacier-dammed lakes, specifically: Chokoly-Kel, Juukuchak, and Juuka Syrty are located in the river basin upstream at altitudes of 3600 m and above posing a risk of floods.
References
Rivers of Kyrgyzstan
Tributaries of Issyk-Kul
"Justified" is a song by American country music artist Kacey Musgraves. It was released on August 27, 2021, as the lead single from Musgraves' fifth studio album, Star-Crossed, released on September 10, 2021. Musgraves co-wrote the song with Ilsey Juber, BJ Burton and Ian Fitchuk, and produced it with Fitchuk and Daniel Tashian.
Content
In an interview with Elle in May 2021, Musgraves talked about the inspiration for the song, her divorce with Ruston Kelly: "I felt, in many ways, on top of the world in my career, but in my personal life, I felt like I was dying inside. I was crumbling. I was sad. I felt lonely. I felt broken."
Matt Doria of NME pointed out that the song "serve[s] as a poignant reflection on Musgraves' divorce from country singer Ruston Kelly". Andy Sahadeo of Nicki Swift described the song as "a somber contemplation of the singer's personal life over the past few years".
Critical reception
Jason Friedman of Paste felt that the track "recalls some of the warmth of previous album Golden Hour, with the track serving as an uptempo reminder that 'healing doesn't happen in a straight line,' as the singer wrestles with the different mood cycles that follow a breakup."
Music video
The music video was directed by Bardia Zeinali, and taken from the film Star-Crossed. The video begins with Musgraves "driving solemnly through a desert while listening to a commercial on love counseling from the car radio". She drives through "different environments and weather, likes a green-lit tunnel, a snowy forest, rain, an urban city, and an autumn highway".
Commercial performance
"Justified" debuted at number 31 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart dated September 11, 2021. After the album was released, it climbed to number 22 on the chart dated September 25, 2021.
Live performance
On October 2, 2021, Musgraves performed the song on the 47th season of Saturday Night Live.
Charts
Release history
References
2021 songs
2021 singles
Kacey Musgraves songs
Songs written by Kacey Musgraves
Songs written by Ilsey Juber
Songs written by BJ Burton
MCA Nashville Records singles
Interscope Records singles
Song recordings produced by Daniel Tashian
Song recordings produced by Ian Fitchuk
Songs written by Ian Fitchuk
The Decatur Downtown Historic District is a historic commercial district located in downtown Decatur, Illinois. The district includes 75 buildings, 61 of which are considered significant or contributing to its historic character. While downtown Decatur was platted in 1829, it did not experience significant commercial development until 1854, when two railroads built lines through the city; all but one of the district's contributing buildings were built between 1854 and 1916. The district includes many of the commercial buildings which were built in the economic boom following the railroad's construction. These buildings represent several popular commercial architectural styles of the period, including Classical Revival, Italianate, Romanesque, and Chicago School. The district also includes several sites connected to Abraham Lincoln's legal and political career.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 9, 1985.
References
Romanesque Revival architecture in Illinois
Neoclassical architecture in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Buildings and structures in Decatur, Illinois
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Macon County, Illinois
The 2016 European Darts Open was the sixth of ten European Tour events on the 2016 PDC Pro Tour. The tournament took place at Maritim Hotel in Düsseldorf, Germany, between 29–31 July 2016. It featured a field of 48 players and £115,000 in prize money, with £25,000 going to the winner.
Robert Thornton was the defending champion, but he lost in the second round to Wes Newton.
Michael van Gerwen won his second European Darts Open title after defeating Peter Wright 6–5 in the final.
Prize money
The prize money of the European Tour events stays the same as last year.
Qualification and format
The top 16 players from the PDC ProTour Order of Merit on 13 May automatically qualified for the event and were seeded in the second round. The remaining 32 places went to players from three qualifying events - 20 from the UK Qualifier (held in Coventry on 20 May), eight from the European Qualifier on 1 June and four from the Host Nation Qualifier on 28 July.
On 27 July 2016, Phil Taylor withdrew from the tournament, moving seeds 14-16 up a place, and promoting Alan Norris to 16 seed, which also meant a 5th Host Nation Qualifier would also qualify for the tournament.
The following players will take part in the tournament:
Top 16
Michael van Gerwen (Winner)
Peter Wright (Runner-up)
Michael Smith (Third round)
Dave Chisnall (Second round)
Kim Huybrechts (Semi-finals)
Ian White (Third round)
Benito van de Pas (Second round)
Jelle Klaasen (Quarter-finals)
James Wade (Third round)
Mensur Suljović (Quarter-finals)
Terry Jenkins (Quarter-finals)
Robert Thornton (Second round)
Gary Anderson (Quarter-finals)
Stephen Bunting (Semi-finals)
Simon Whitlock (Second round)
Alan Norris (Second round)
UK Qualifier
Gerwyn Price (Third round)
Daryl Gurney (Third round)
Shaun Griffiths (First round)
James Richardson (Second round)
Andy Jenkins (First round)
Mark Frost (First round)
Harry Ward (First round)
Jonny Clayton (Second round)
Ritchie Edhouse (Second round)
Tony Newell (First round)
Steve West (Second round)
Kyle Anderson (Third round)
Jamie Caven (Second round)
Robbie Green (First round)
Andy Boulton (Second round)
John Henderson (First round)
Wes Newton (Third round)
Andy Hamilton (First round)
Devon Petersen (Second round)
European Qualifier
John Michael (Second round)
Cristo Reyes (First round)
Christian Kist (First round)
Jeffrey de Graaf (First round)
Kim Viljanen (Second round)
Jan Dekker (Third round)
Daniele Petri (First round)
Dimitri Van den Bergh (Second round)
Host Nation Qualifier
Martin Schindler (First round)
Stefan Stoyke (Second round)
Holger Rettig (First round)
Fabian Herz (First round)
Max Hopp (First round)
Draw
References
2016 PDC European Tour
2016 in German sport
Terahertz spectroscopy detects and controls properties of matter with electromagnetic fields that are in the frequency range between a few hundred gigahertz and several terahertz (abbreviated as THz). In many-body systems, several of the relevant states have an energy difference that matches with the energy of a THz photon. Therefore, THz spectroscopy provides a particularly powerful method in resolving and controlling individual transitions between different many-body states. By doing this, one gains new insights about many-body quantum kinetics and how that can be utilized in developing new technologies that are optimized up to the elementary quantum level.
Different electronic excitations within semiconductors are already widely used in lasers, electronic components and computers. At the same time, they constitute an interesting many-body system whose quantum properties can be modified, e.g., via a nanostructure design. Consequently, THz spectroscopy on semiconductors is relevant in revealing both new technological potentials of nanostructures and in exploring the fundamental properties of many-body systems in a controlled fashion.
Background
There are a great variety of techniques to generate THz radiation and to detect THz fields. One can, e.g., use an antenna, a quantum-cascade laser, a free-electron laser, or optical rectification to produce well-defined THz sources. The resulting THz field can be characterized via its electric field ETHz(t). Present-day experiments can already output ETHz(t) that has a peak value in the range of MV/cm (megavolts per centimeter). To estimate how strong such fields are, one can compute the level of energy change such fields induce to an electron over microscopic distance of one nanometer (nm), i.e., L = 1 nm. One simply multiplies the peak ETHz(t) with elementary charge e and L to obtain e ETHz(t) L = 100 meV. In other words, such fields have a major effect on electronic systems because the mere field strength of ETHz(t) can induce electronic transitions over microscopic scales. One possibility is to use such THz fields to study Bloch oscillations where semiconductor electrons move through the Brillouin zone, just to return to where they started, giving rise to the Bloch oscillations.
The THz sources can be also extremely short, down to single cycle of THz field's oscillation. For one THz, that means duration in the range of one picosecond (ps). Consequently, one can use THz fields to monitor and control ultrafast processes in semiconductors or to produce ultrafast switching in semiconductor components. Obviously, the combination of ultrafast duration and strong peak ETHz(t) provides vast new possibilities to systematic studies in semiconductors.
Besides the strength and duration of ETHz(t), the THz field's photon energy plays a vital role in semiconductor investigations because it can be made resonant with several intriguing many-body transitions. For example, electrons in conduction band and holes, i.e., electronic vacancies, in valence band attract each other via the Coulomb interaction. Under suitable conditions, electrons and holes can be bound to excitons that are hydrogen-like states of matter. At the same time, the exciton binding energy is few to hundreds of meV that can be matched energetically with a THz photon. Therefore, the presence of excitons can be uniquely detected based on the absorption spectrum of a weak THz field. Also simple states, such as plasma and correlated electron–hole plasma can be monitored or modified by THz fields.
Terahertz time-domain spectroscopy
In optical spectroscopy, the detectors typically measure the intensity of the light field rather than the electric field because there are no detectors that can directly measure electromagnetic fields in the optical range. However, there are multiple techniques, such as antennas and electro-optical sampling, that can be applied to measure the time evolution of ETHz(t) directly. For example, one can propagate a THz pulse through a semiconductor sample and measure the transmitted and reflected fields as function of time. Therefore, one collects information of semiconductor excitation dynamics completely in time domain, which is the general principle of the terahertz time-domain spectroscopy.
By using short THz pulses, a great variety of physical phenomena have already been studied. For unexcited, intrinsic semiconductors one can determine the complex permittivity or THz-absorption coefficient and refractive index, respectively. The frequency of transversal-optical phonons, to which THz photons can couple, lies for most semiconductors at several THz. Free carriers in doped semiconductors or optically excited semiconductors lead to a considerable absorption of THz photons. Since THz pulses passes through non-metallic materials, they can be used for inspection and transmission of packaged items.
Terahertz-induced plasma and exciton transitions
The THz fields can be applied to accelerate electrons out of their equilibrium. If this is done fast enough, one can measure the elementary processes, such as how fast the screening of the Coulomb interaction is built up. This was experimentally explored in Ref. where it was shown that screening is complete within tens of femtoseconds in semiconductors. These insights are very important to understand how electronic plasma behaves in solids.
The Coulomb interaction can also pair electrons and holes into excitons, as discussed above. Due to their analog to the hydrogen atom, excitons have bound states that can be uniquely identified by the usual quantum numbers 1s, 2s, 2p, and so on. In particular, 1s-to-2p transition is dipole allowed and can be directly generated by ETHz(t) if the photon energy matches the transition energy. In gallium arsenide-type systems, this transition energy is roughly 4 meV that corresponds to 1 THz photons. At resonance, the dipole d1s,2p defines the Rabi energy ΩRabi = d1s,2p ETHz(t) that determines the time scale at which the 1s-to-2p transition proceeds.
For example, one can excite the excitonic transition with an additional optical pulse which is synchronized with the THz pulse. This technique is called transient THz spectroscopy. Using this technique one can follow the formation dynamics of excitons or observe THz gain arising from intraexcitonic transitions.
Since a THz pulse can be intense and short, e.g., single-cycle, it is experimentally possible to realize situations where duration of the pulse, time scale related to Rabi- as well as the THz photon energy ħω are degenerate. In this situation, one enters the realm of extreme nonlinear optics where the usual approximations, such as the rotating-wave approximation (abbreviated as RWA) or the conditions for complete state transfer, break down. As a result, the Rabi oscillations become strongly distorted by the non-RWA contributions, the multiphoton absorption or emission processes, and the dynamic Franz–Keldysh effect, as measured in Refs.
By using a free-electron laser, one can generate longer THz pulses that are more suitable for detecting the Rabi oscillations directly. This technique could indeed demonstrate the Rabi oscillations, or actually the related Autler–Townes splitting, in experiments. The Rabi splitting has also been measured with a short THz pulse and also the onset to multi-THz-photon ionization has been detected, as the THz fields are made stronger. Recently, it has also been shown that the Coulomb interaction causes nominally dipole-forbidden intra-excitonic transitions to become partially allowed.
Theory of terahertz transitions
Terahertz transitions in solids can be systematically approached by generalizing the semiconductor Bloch equations and the related many-body correlation dynamics. At this level, one realizes the THz field are directly absorbed by two-particle correlations that modify the quantum kinetics of electron and hole distributions. Therefore, a systematic THz analysis must include the quantum kinetics of many-body correlations, that can be treated systematically, e.g., with the cluster-expansion approach. At this level, one can explain and predict a wide range of effects with the same theory, ranging from Drude-like response of plasma to extreme nonlinear effects of excitons.
See also
Terahertz nondestructive evaluation
Terahertz time-domain spectroscopy
Terahertz radiation
Ultrafast laser spectroscopy
Semiconductor Bloch equations
Cluster-expansion approach
Elliott formula
References
Spectroscopy
Terahertz technology
Tephrodornis is a bird genus usually placed in the Vangidae.
There are four species:
Large woodshrike, Tephrodornis gularis The scientific name of this is in dispute, and it is commonly referred to as T. gularis. or T. virgatus.
Malabar woodshrike, Tephrodornis sylvicola
Common woodshrike, Tephrodornis pondicerianus
Sri Lanka woodshrike, Tephrodornis affinis
References
Shrikes
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pierre Zaccone (2 April 1817 – 12 April 1895) was a popular 19th-century French novelist.
He owned a castle which is now named after him in Locquirec, a small Breton seaside resort located on the border of Finistère and Cotes d'Armor.
He wrote serialized novels, including several detective novels. He authored some dramas in collaboration, including Le cousin Verdure, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act by Saint-Yves in 1855 and one after his novel, Les Nuits du boulevard, in 1880. After 1870, much of his work was published by .
Works
Époque historique de la Bretagne (1845)
Sous le masque (1845)
Histoire des sociétés secrètes, politiques et religieuses (1847)
Les Ouvriers de Paris et les ouvriers de Londres, with Paul Féval (2 volumes, 1850)
Marguerite et Béatrix (1851), in collaboration with Émile Souvestre
Le Dernier Rendez-vous (1851)
Les Travailleurs au Moyen Âge (1851)
Éric le Mendiant (1853)
Le Clan breton (1853)
Le Roi de la Bazoche (2 volumes, 1853)
Le Drame des catacombes (1854)
Le Vieux Paris (Adolphe Delahays, 1855)
Les Ouvriers de l'avenir (1856)
Le Fils du ciel, roman chinois (1857)
L'Orphelin du temple (1859)
Les Zouaves (1859)
Les Mystères de la Chine (1860)
La Bohémienne (1860)
Le Vannier de Taulé (1860)
Une banqueroute frauduleuse (1861)
Les illuminés" (1862)
Les Mystères de Bicêtre (1864)
Une haine au bagne (Victor Bunel éditeur, 1863)
Les Plaisirs du Roi (1866)
Un condamné à mort (1866)
Un fils de forçat (1866)
Jean Longues Jambes (1868).
La Poste Anecdotique et Pittoresque (Librairie Achille Faure, Paris, 1869)
Histoire des drames de police (1869)
Les Drames de l'Internationale (2 volumes - Dentu, 1872)
Un drame sur les pontons (J. Brouillet, 1872)
La Lanterne rouge (1872)
La Cellule n°7 (Dentu, 1874)
Les Misérables de Londres (1874)
Les Gueux (1874)
Mémoires d'un commissaire de police (Dentu, 1875)
Les Marchands d'or (1876)
Histoire des bagnes (1876)
L'Homme des foules (Dentu, 1877)
Les Aventuriers de Paris (Dentu, 1877)
La Dame d'Auteuil (1878)
La Vie à outrance (1878)
Le Courrier de Lyon (1879)
Le Fer rouge (Dentu - 1879)
Les Compagnons noirs (1880)
La Vertu de Charbonnette (1880)
Les Mansardes de Paris (1880)
Les Nuits du boulevard (1880)
Un duel à mort (1880)
Histoire des conspirateurs anciens et modernes (1881), in collaboration with Constant Guéroult
L'inconnu de Belleville (Dentu 1881)
La Petite Bourgeoise (Dentu 1881)
Maman Rocambole (1881)
Blanchette (Dentu 1882 )
La Recluse (1882)
Les Drames de la bourse (1882)
La Belle Diane (Dentu 1883)
Poste restante (Nouvelle dans ouvrage collectif 47 Chaussée d'Antin, Dentu, 1886)
Les Deux Robinsons (1887)
La Chambre rouge (Plon 1887)
Les Dimanches de Risette (Nouvelle dans ouvrage collectif Pique-Nique, Dentu, 1887)
La Fille des camelots ( 1888)
L'Enfant du pavé (Dentu 1888)
La Duchesse d'Alvarès (1889)
Les Deux bohêmes (Nouvelle dans ouvrage collectif Les Compagnons de la Plume, Dentu, 1890)
Le Crime de la rue Monge (Dentu 1890)
Seuls (1891)
Les Nuits de Paris (s. d.)
References
External links
19th-century French novelists
French crime fiction writers
People from Douai
1817 births
1895 deaths
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway's 1158 class comprised two 2-6-6-2 articulated steam locomotives built in 1910 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works.
They were Jointed Boiler Locomotives, an experiment confined to the Santa Fe; the railroad considered it successful enough to build four of the later 3300 class locomotives with flexible boilers, but both classes were scrapped in the 1920s.
References
2-6-6-2 locomotives
1158
Baldwin locomotives
Mallet locomotives
Steam locomotives of the United States
Railway locomotives introduced in 1910
Scrapped locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
"May the Force Be with You Always" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall. It was released in November 1977 as the lead single from the album, New Train Same Rider. The song peaked at number 13 on the U.S. country singles chart and at number 5 on the Canadian country singles chart.
Chart performance
References
1977 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
1977 songs
RCA Records singles
Steel Rose () is a manhua - a Chinese-language comic.
Overview
Taekwondo Olympic gold medalist Lee Le Ting strikes terror into others with her arrogance and brutal fists. Little does she know she has captured the heart of a wealthy, handsome European bachelor, Louis, who has been infatuated with her since their first meeting. It's hate at first sight for Le Ting as she is disgusted by pretty boys! But Louis does all he can to bring himself closer to her.
Characters
Lee Le Ting : an 18-year-old taekwondo champion from Taiwan. Le Ting runs away to New York after having a big spat with her grandfather, who disagrees with her plan to retire from taekwondo entirely. She mistakes Louis for a robber on the street and punches him landing him in the hospital. She was pulled into shooting an advertisement and becoming the spokesperson for the clothing company Xanadu by Louis as compensation for the hospital fees. Sees Louis as a sissy and overwhelmingly annoying.
Louis Lorenzo : A well sought after European bachelor who only has eyes for Le Ting. He has a strangely optimistic and happy-go-lucky personality even in the worst situations. He pulls Le Ting into the advertisement under the pretense of repaying him but actually is only using it as an excuse to try to get closer to her. Affectionately called "Lulu" by Jiayu.
Although he was adopted by Yung Jo's parents, he treats Yung Jo as a real brother. His biological father is Cloud's father, who had a passionate love affair with his then 15-year-old mother, Isabella, making Cloud his half brother. As he grew older, his mother came back for him and brought him to his biological father. His mother had become a fashion designer, and because there was no one to model the appearance in full clothing and makeup of the "Charlotte" doll, she had Louis do it temporarily. Accidentally, Cloud saw "Charlotte" who was really Louis in disguise.
Cloud : Louis' rival. They were schoolmates since middle school. He is CEO of Xanadu Clothing Company. It seems he has something called the "Charlotte's curse"; something only he and Louis know about. Later it is revealed Cloud has had a longtime infatuation with a girl named Charlotte who he saw briefly by chance when he was younger. He did not realize at the time it was Louis dressed up as Charlotte. He believes Louis stole Charlotte away from him. Cloud holds a deep resentment for Louis because of this, as well as Louis being the favored son of their father.
Ding Jiayu : Le Ting's best friend who is a photographer.
Yung Jo/Juliano Lorenzo : a photographer who is Jiayu's boyfriend. He is half Chinese. Louis is his brother, but they do not share the same blood because Yung Jo's father adopted Louis as his own.
Isabella Fauchon : Louis' biological mother whom he took his looks after. She left him in Yung Jo's father, Emilio's adoptive care after she realized she wasn't financially stable enough to look after her son as a single mother. When she reunited with the adolescent Louis, she had already become an internationally famous wedding dress designer.
Andrea/Angela : Chosen by Cloud to be spokesperson for Xanadu along with Le Ting. She is an Olympic gold medalist in gymnastics representing Romania. Only 145 cm tall.
Marcus : Louis' assistant. His first assignment is the Xanadu photoshoot, which he is increasingly nervous about.
Zhang Fen Fang : Jiayu's mother.
Taiwanese comics titles
2000 comics debuts
Geoffrey Franklin Bruce is a former Canadian diplomat. He was appointed concurrently as High Commissioner to Uganda and High Commissioner to Kenya. He was later Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Portugal.
External links
Foreign Affairs and International Trade Canada Complete List of Posts
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
High Commissioners of Canada to Uganda
High Commissioners of Canada to Kenya
Ambassadors of Canada to Portugal
The tsymbaly () is the Ukrainian version of the hammer dulcimer. It is a chordophone made up of a trapezoidal box with metal (steel or bronze) strings strung across it. The tsymbaly is played by striking two beaters against the strings.
The strings are strung in groups of 3-5, which are tuned in unison. The bass strings may have 1 or 2 wrapped strings tuned in union. The beaters were quite short in comparison to those used by the Cymbalom although not as short as those of the Belarus variety. Traditionally they had leather wrappings rather than the cotton wrap used by Hungarian and Romanian players.
Under the Hornbostel-Sachs system of classification of musical instruments, it has the catalog number 314.122-4,5.
History
A small multi-stringed chordophone was first was depicted on Assyrian frescoes dating back to 3500 B.C. It is thought to have developed from the Persian santur, which entered Europe in the Middle Ages during the Crusades.
Eastern Europe
With the rise of piano manufacturing Vienna in the 19th century, access to metal tuning pins and strings became much easier. The hammered dulcimer became popular throughout the Austro-Hungarian Empire, where it was quickly spread by itinerant Jewish and Romani (Gypsy) musicians. It spread to Romania, Moldavia, Hungary, Slovakia, Ukraine and Belarus, where a variety of regional folk versions and concert instruments were developed. These instruments differed in size, tuning, number of strings and method of holding and playing the hammers.
Ukraine
According to Hnat Khotkevych, the tsymbaly has existed in Ukraine since the 9th century.
The first documented evidence of the tsymbaly in Ukraine dates to 17th century, where it appears in various dictionaries.
The tsymbaly were relatively easy to make and quite forgiving in its manufacture. With access to piano wire and metal tuning pegs, an instrument could easily be constructed in the village environment. The instrument spread in popularity among the population in the Carpathians in Southwestern Ukraine particularly among the Hutsuls and Bukovinians. It also became relatively popular in Boikivshchyna, Transcarpathia, Podolia, Bessarabia and Eastern Ukraine.
The instrument is often used in folk ensembles known as Troyista muzyka, usually made up of 3 instruments played in an ensemble with the violin, basolia, sopilka or bubon.
Tsymbaly in the Ukrainian diaspora
Tsymbaly playing is popular in Western Canada among the ethnic Ukrainian diaspora there. Numerous music competitions exist, and the instrument defines what "Ukrainian-ness" is in the local music scene.
Types of Ukrainian Tsymbaly
1) The Hutsul tsymbaly: a small instrument usually carried by the musician, using a strap around the player's neck and leaning one edge of the instrument against the player's waist. These instruments usually have 12-13 courses of strings.
2) A semi-concert tsymbaly: manufactured by the Chernihiv Musical Instrument Factory in three sizes designed by Olexander Nezovybat'ko and Ivan Skliar. These instruments were manufactured from 1950-1986.
3) Concert cimbaloms: originally developed in Hungary by József Schunda in the 1870s. These instruments stand on four legs, have many more strings, and a damping pedal. The concert cymbalom has replaced most of the smaller folk tsymbaly previously used in Ukrainian orchestras and in Academic Conservatory courses. These instruments are fully chromatic and have a range of over four octaves.
Use of the Tsymbaly in Ukrainian music
Concert works have been composed for the tsymbaly by professional Ukrainian composers V. Shumeiko, Volodymyr Zubytsky, Anatoliy Haidenko, Bohdan Kotiuk, Izydor Vymer, Dezyderiy Zador, Myroslav Skoryk and Yevhen Stankovych.
Tsymbaly manufacturers in Ukraine
Among the first concert tsymbaly to be manufactured in Ukraine were made by the Melnytse-Podilsk workshop in Western Ukraine by Vasyl Zuliak. These instruments had two pedals and were slightly smaller than the concert Hungarian instruments, although the range was the same. Zuliak later made three different types of instrument.
Instruments were also made by the Chernihiv Musical Instrument Factory. These instruments were designed by Ivan Skliar aided by O. Nezovybat'ko. They were made in 3 sizes: prima, alto and bass.
Prominent Tsymbaly players of Ukraine
Some notable Ukrainian tsymbaly players are:
Taras Baran: Professor of tsymbaly at the Lviv Conservatory.
Gheorghe Agratina: Professor of tsymbaly at the Kyiv Conservatory.
Dumitru Popiciuc: One of the first tsymbaly graduates from the Kyiv Conservatory.
Oleksander Nezovybatko: One of the pioneers of tsymbaly playing in Eastern Ukraine.
See also
Hammered dulcimer
Cimbalom
Ukrainian folk music
Khim
Footnotes
Sources
Bandera, M. J. The Tsymbaly maker and His Craft, The Ukrainian Hammered Dulcimer in Alberta. Edmonton: CIUS. 1991
Baran, T. The Cimbalom world, Lviv: Svit, 1999
- The Cimbalom player Taras Baran, Lviv: Kobzar, 2001
Humeniuk, A. Ukrainski narodni muzychni instrumenty, Kyiv: Naukova dumka, 1967
Ivanov, P. Orkestr ukrainskykh narodnykh instrmentiv, Kyiv: Muzychna Ukraina, 1981
Khotkevych, H. Instrumenty Ukrainskoho narodu, Kharkiv: DVU, 1930
Mizynec, V. Ukrainian Folk Instruments, Melbourne: Bayda books, 1984
Nezovybat'ko, O. Shkola hry na ukrainskykh tsymbalakh, Kyiv: Mystetsvo, 1966
Nezovyba'ko O. Ukrainski tsymbaly, Kyiv: Muzychna Ukraina, 1976.
Cherkaskyi, L. Ukrainski narodni muzychni instrumenty, Tekhnika, Kyiv, Ukraine, 2003 - 262 pages.
External links
Samples and Pictures of Ukrainian Instruments
Doreen Girard, tsymbaly and visual artist.
Hammered box zithers
Ukrainian musical instruments
The Jerry Lewis Show was the name of several separate but similar American variety, talk and comedy programs starring comedian Jerry Lewis that aired non-consecutively between 1963 and 1984. The original version of the series aired on ABC from September 21, 1963 – December 21, 1963. A second series of the same name aired on NBC from September 12, 1967 – May 27, 1969. A final version also of the same name aired in first-run syndication for one week in June 1984.
Show origins
Martin and Lewis
Before The Jerry Lewis Show premiered in 1963, Lewis made several films and television appearances, notably as host on The Colgate Comedy Hour, with vocalist Dean Martin as the duo of "Martin and Lewis", first formed in July 1946. In 1956, after 17 films, a radio series , 29 Colgate shows and many night club appearances, they parted ways bitterly. Both Martin and Lewis continued as successful, but separate superstars. Between 1957 and 1962, Lewis headlined several well received solo specials for the NBC and ABC networks. "The Jerry Lewis Show" was the comedian's first foray into weekly television. Lewis had been a substitute host of The Tonight Show for two weeks after Jack Paar quit the show and before Johnny Carson took over, in 1962. Lewis' stint was successful, garnering huge ratings for the time period and a bidding war between the networks for his services as a talk show host. ABC gave him everything he asked for, including two hours live every Saturday night.
Renovation of the El Capitan
In 1963, the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), purchased the Hollywood and Vine Street Theatre, also known as the El Capitan Theatre (not to be confused with the present-day El Capitan Theatre on Hollywood Blvd.). The theater had been used in previous years for broadcasting radio shows for the Mutual Broadcasting System and for NBC television shows. ABC decided to renovate the theater so to be used for several ABC television shows. The entire theater was renovated at a cost of $400,000.
Promotion of Elton Rule
The same year of the renovation, ABC decided to promote Elton Rule to head of the network. Rule had previously worked as general manager of programming for ABC's Los Angeles affiliate KABC. Rule and other executives at ABC hired comedian Jerry Lewis to do a show for the network and videotape it at the newly renovated theater.
ABC version
The first version of The Jerry Lewis Show premiered on Saturday September 21, 1963 on ABC. Before the series premiere, ABC gave Lewis $4.5 million to renovate the stage even after the $400,000 renovation done to the whole theater just months before. That was also part of the contract used to get Lewis to do the show. The other, main part of the contract, had Lewis agree to film 40 episodes for the network in exchange for $8 million, making Lewis, at the time, the highest paid television actor in history. The first episode, broadcast live, became a disaster as most of the new equipment failed, making a shambles of the proceedings. The opening night served as an omen; Lewis remained unable to find his footing as a 2-hour live talk show host during the ensuing weeks.
JFK assassination and cancellation
On November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated while riding in a motorcade in Dallas, Texas. Network news coverage of the assassination and the events that followed pre-empted all scheduled programing between the afternoon of the 22nd and the late evening of the 25th. All series, specials and sporting events were delayed, put on hiatus or cancelled. Episodes of competing series on CBS, The New Phil Silvers Show and Gunsmoke were delayed until January and April 1964, respectively. The NBC Saturday Night Movie was also delayed until January 1964. The Jerry Lewis Show scheduled for the 23rd was suspended and did not return until early December. Its final episode, the thirteenth of the promised forty, aired on December 21, 1963.
NBC version
Director and producer Bob Finkel decided to revise The Jerry Lewis Show nearly four years after the original ABC version ended its run. A revision of the series premiered on NBC on September 12, 1967 with guest Barbara Eden.
NBC introduced the show in the Tuesday 8:00 pm time slot. Lewis was given access to the Osmond Brothers, featured musicians on the recently-ended The Andy Williams Show, as regular performers. The 60 minute program continuously lost viewers at the half-hour point to The Red Skelton Show, ranked #7 on CBS and #28 rated It Takes a Thief on ABC. The following September as the series entered its second season, NBC decided to switch time slots with I Dream of Jeannie which starred Eden, but the 7:30 pm time slot was not successful either. Jeannie moved to Mondays and finished #26 in the Nielsen ratings, while Lewis lost his potential viewers to The Mod Squad on ABC. NBC cancelled the program, airing its last episode on May 27, 1969.
Syndicated version
Alan Thicke created his own late night talk show to compete against NBC's highly rated The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. The series, entitled Thicke of the Night, was syndicated and only ran for one season before being crushed by Carson and cancelled in June 1984. Needing a replacement program, series distributor Metromedia gave Lewis an on-air tryout in Thicke's former slot. During the week of June 11, 1984, Lewis hosted The Jerry Lewis Show, with Charlie Callas as Lewis' announcer/sidekick. Metromedia decided not to go forward with the project after a one-week trial run.
Broadcast history
The syndicated version aired after the 11:00 local news.
Ratings
Neither the ABC nor the NBC version of the series ever made it in the top 30.
References
External links
1960s American sketch comedy television series
1980s American sketch comedy television series
1960s American variety television series
1980s American variety television series
1963 American television series debuts
1967 American television series debuts
1969 American television series endings
1984 American television series debuts
1984 American television series endings
NBC original programming
Jerry Lewis
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
American late-night television shows
Sir James Kirkpatrick, 8th Baronet (22 March 1841 – 10 November 1899) was the 8th Kirkpatrick Baronet of Closeburn, Dumfriesshire. In his youth he was a keen sportsman, and helped organise the Scottish football team in the representative matches between March 1870 and February 1872. He also played in goal for the Wanderers when they won the FA Cup in 1878.
Family and professional career
Kirkpatrick was born in Canada, the second son of Sir Charles Sharpe Kirkpatrick, 6th Baronet and Helen Stuart Kirk. His father died in 1867 at which time his brother, Thomas, succeeded to the title; Thomas died childless in 1880 and the title passed to James.
He was educated privately before joining the Admiralty as a clerk where he progressed to become Private Secretary to Lord George Hamilton, the First Lord of the Admiralty.
He married Mary Steward of Peckham, Surrey on 24 April 1872 and they had six children:
Josephine Mary Kirkpatrick (1873–1948)
Charles Sharpe Kirkpatrick (1874–1937) who succeeded his father as the 9th Baronet.
Harry Fearnley Kirkpatrick (1876–1918), Lt. Colonel in The East Kent Regiment (3rd Foot), who was killed in the First World War.
Margaret Hope Kirkpatrick (1878–1945)
Yvone Kirkpatrick (1879–1924), worked for the political service in Nigeria.
Athole Kirkpatrick (1885–1917), 2nd Lieutenant in The East Kent Regiment (3rd Foot), who was also killed in the First World War.
Kirkpatrick died at the family home in Forest Hill, Kent on 10 November 1899, aged 58.
Football career
Kirkpatrick was a member of the Civil Service Football Club and also of the Wanderers. His first Wanderers appearance came on 2 February 1867 in a 1–0 defeat by C.C.C. on Clapham Common; the team sheet for that match also includes a "C. Kirkpatrick", possibly his younger brother Charles. He became a frequent member of the Wanderers XI, making a total of 58 appearances over the next 11 years, generally as goalkeeper although he played occasionally as an outfield player, even scoring two goals, against Forest Club in 1870 and Gitanos in 1876.
In the Football Annual for 1875, he was described as "a goalkeeper [who] is always excellent, and Surrey owes much to him in that position" while the 1879 edition said that he was "a very useful goalkeeper; fields well, and does not lose his head". Other editions described him as "a useful player all round, a good back and excellent goalkeeper". By 1874, he was chiefly known as a goalkeeper, whose "flying days [were] numbered in the past".
In 1870, he helped Arthur Kinnaird to organise the Scottish team to play against England in the first of the series of international football matches. The Scotsmen were all based in London and the Home Counties. The advertisement placed in the Sportsman newspaper stated:A match between the leading representatives of the Scotch and English sections will be played at The Oval on Saturday 19 February, under the auspices of the Football Association. Players duly qualified and desirous of assisting either party must communicate with Mr AF Kinnaird of 2 Pall Mall East, SW or Mr J Kirkpatrick, Admiralty, Somerset House, WC on behalf of the Scotch, or with Mr Charles W Alcock, Boy Court, Ludgate Hill, EC or Mr RG Graham, 7 Finch Lane, EC on the part of the English.
For the inaugural international match, Kirkpatrick was Scotland's goalkeeper and captain. The Scots opened the scoring with a quarter of an hour to play after England's goalkeeper was moved upfield thus allowing Robert Crawford to score with a shot from distance. England fought back to score through Alfred Baker to salvage a draw a minute from the end of the game. Kirkpatrick retained his place for the next three international matches, being captain again in the second.
Although he had first played for the Wanderers in 1867, he was rarely available for their FA Cup ties. He was, however, an "umpire" for the first FA Cup Final in 1872. In 1877–78, he played in every round helping Wanderers to reach the final where they met a team from the Royal Engineers. The final was played at the Kennington Oval on 23 March 1878, the day after Kirkpatrick's 37 birthday. In the match, Kirkpatrick suffered a broken arm after fifteen minutes during a tussle on the goal-line; despite his injury, he managed to keep the ball out of the goal, and went on to play the remainder of the match despite his injury. Wanderers won the match 3–1 in their last appearance in the Final, thus claiming the trophy for the fifth time in seven years. The 1878 FA Cup Final was Kirkpatrick's final appearance for the Wanderers.
He also represented Surrey and served on the Football Association committee from 1869 to 1872.
Cricket career
Kirkpatrick also played cricket for the Civil Service, Lansdown and Chiswick & Turnham Green clubs between 1863 and 1879 and played for the Gentlemen of the South in a first-class match against the Gentlemen of the North in July 1867 taking three wickets as his side claimed an eight wicket victory.
References
External links
Wanderers Hall of Fame
1841 births
1899 deaths
People from Dumfries and Galloway
Scottish footballers
England v Scotland representative footballers (1870–1872)
Wanderers F.C. players
Scottish cricketers
British civil servants
Baronets in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Gentlemen of the South cricketers
Association football goalkeepers
FA Cup Final players
London Buses route 433 is Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Addington Interchange and Croydon it is operated by Abellio London.
History
The route was created as a "Tram feeder" service with the opening of Tramlink in 2000. It was numbered T33. In 2015, the route was renumbered 433 as part of wider changes that also saw the withdrawal of routes T31 and T32.
In July 2018, service frequencies at all times were reduced. On 2 November 2019, the route was changed to terminate on Katharine Street instead of calling at West Croydon bus station.
In 2021, Abellio announced it intended to introduce electric buses on the route.
References
Bus routes in London
Transport in the London Borough of Croydon
Jack Miller (10 August 1906 – October 1978) also known by the nickname of "Cod", due to his profession as a Fishmonger, was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Warrington, Huddersfield (World War II guest) and Leigh, as a , or . Over his 20-year career he made 526 appearances for Warrington, a club record which was broken in 1959 by Brian Bevan.
Background
Jack Miller was born in Newton-le-Willows, Lancashire, England.
Jack was married to Margaret who was a model and fashion assistant at Broadbents in Warrington.
They had 2 daughters June and Barbara (born 1937) and lived in Grappenhall, Warrington when they were younger.
Playing career
Warrington
Miller made his début for Warrington on Saturday 11 December 1926, and he played his last match for Warrington on Saturday 9 February 1946.
Miller played in Warrington's 15-2 victory over Salford in the 1929 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1929–30 season at Central Park, Wigan on Sat 23 November 1929, the 10-9 victory over St. Helens in the 1932 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1932–33 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 19 November 1932, and he played left- in the 8-4 victory over Barrow in the 1937 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1937–38 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 23 October 1937.
Miller is also a Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame inductee.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Jack Miller played right-, i.e. number 10, in Huddersfield's 13–9 aggregate victory over Bradford Northern in the 1944–45 Challenge Cup Final during the 1944–45 season; the 7-4 victory in the first-leg at Fartown Ground, Huddersfield on Saturday 28 April 1945, and the 6-5 victory in the second-leg at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 5 May 1945.
Leigh
In November 1946, Miller was transferred to Leigh. He made 25 appearances for the club, scoring two tries.
International honours
Miller won caps for England while at Warrington in 1928 against Wales, in 1933 against Other Nationalities, in 1936 against France, and Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1933 against Australia (3 matches), and on the 1936 Great Britain Lions tour against Australia, and New Zealand (2 matches).
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
(archived by web.archive.org) Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk (martini)
Image 'Huddersfield 13 Bradford 9' at huddersfieldrlheritage.co.uk
1906 births
1978 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Huddersfield Giants players
Leigh Centurions coaches
Leigh Centurions players
People from Newton-le-Willows
Place of death missing
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
Warrington Wolves players
is a iaijutsu koryū founded by Hasegawa Chikaranosuke Eishin (or Hidenobu)(長谷川主税助英信) as a continuation of the teachings he received in Shinmei Musō-ryū. After the death of the eleventh headmaster, Ōguro Motoemon Kiyokatsu, the school split into two branches or ha. One branch, the Shimomura-ha (下村派), was renamed by its fourteenth headmaster Hosokawa Yoshimasa to Musō Shinden Eishin-ryū (無雙神傳英信流). After studying under Hosokawa, Nakayama Hakudō created his own school which he called Musō Shinden-ryū (夢想神伝流) in 1932. The other branch, the Tanimura-ha (谷村派), was renamed Musō Jikiden Eishin-ryū during the Taishō era (1912-1926), by its seventeenth headmaster, Ōe Masaji, who incorporated the Shimomura-ha techniques and rationalized the curriculum.
Lineage
Here is the lineage of Hasegawa Eishin-ryū and its two branches up until Nakayama Hakudō and Ōe Masaji. Hayashi Masu no Jō Masanari, the twelfth headmaster as recognized by the Tanimura-ha, was a direct disciple of Matsuyoshi Teisuke Hisanari, the twelfth headmaster as recognized by the Shimomura-ha.
Jinsuke-Eishin mainline
Shimomura-ha
Tanimura-ha
Notes
References
Watatani Kiyoshi, Yamada Tadashi (1978). Bugei Ryuha Daijiten (武芸流派大事典) (Large Encyclopedia of Martial Arts) (in Japanese). Shin Jinbutsu Ourai Sha (人物往来社).
Ko-ryū bujutsu
Japanese swordsmanship
Dana Marie Douglas (born 1975) is an American attorney serving as a United States magistrate judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana who is a nominee to serve as a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Education
Douglas earned a Bachelor of Arts from Miami University in 1997 and a Juris Doctor from the Loyola University New Orleans College of Law in 2000.
Career
In 2000 and 2001, Douglas served as a law clerk for Judge Ivan L. R. Lemelle of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. From 2003 to 2013, she was a member of the New Orleans Civil Service Commission. In this role, Douglas authored an opinion affirming the suspension and termination of a police officer for committing a battery against a civilian. In another case, Douglas affirmed disciplinary actions against officers who formed a limited liability company to administer their paid off-duty police details.
She was also a partner for 17 years at the New Orleans office of Liskow & Lewis, a Louisiana law firm focused on energy and oil industries. She joined the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana as a Magistrate Judge in 2019. Douglas has presided over discovery disputes. Douglas denied an effort by Amtrak to subpoena medical records from an employee, finding portions of the subpoena to be unnecessary.
Douglas is a former president of both the New Orleans Bar Association and the Greater New Orleans Louis A. Martinet Society
Nomination to court of appeals
On June 15, 2022, President Joe Biden nominated Douglas to serve as United States Circuit Court Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. President Biden nominated Douglas to the seat to be vacated by Judge James L. Dennis, who will take senior status upon confirmation of a successor. On July 27, 2022, a hearing on her nomination was held before the Senate Judiciary Committee. On September 15, 2022, her nomination was reported out of committee by a 16–6 vote. Her nomination is pending before the United States Senate. If confirmed, she will be the first woman of color to serve on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
See also
List of African-American jurists
References
1975 births
Living people
20th-century American women lawyers
21st-century American women lawyers
African-American women lawyers
African-American lawyers
Lawyers from New Orleans
Louisiana lawyers
Loyola University New Orleans College of Law alumni
Miami University alumni
United States magistrate judges
Fair is an alternative rock band currently signed to Tooth & Nail Records. It was created in 2005 from members of Aaron Sprinkle's touring band – Sprinkle, fellow Poor Old Lu alum Nick Barber, Erick Newbill, and Joey Sanchez.
The band released their first album, The Best Worst-Case Scenario, on June 6, 2006.
Members
Aaron Sprinkle – guitar, lead vocals.
Erick Newbill – guitar, vocals.
Joey Sanchez – drums, percussion.
Nick Barber – bass guitar, vocals.
Discography
Albums
References
External links
Official site
Official Purevolume
Official MySpace
Tooth & Nail Records artists
Musical groups established in 2005
Christian rock groups from Washington (state)
Alternative rock groups from Washington (state)
Musical groups from Seattle
The Book of World Records Series is a book series published once a year by Scholastic. The series was designed to inform about current records. There is another world record series that outsells this one, but this one shows the top five in each category. The 2010 publication was written by Jenifer Corr Morse.
References
Series of books
World record databases
SN 2005df was a Type Ia supernova in the barred spiral galaxy NGC 1559, which is located in the southern constellation of Reticulum. The event was discovered in Australia by Robert Evans on the early morning of August 5, 2005 with a 13.8 magnitude, and was confirmed by A. Gilmore on August 6. The supernova was classified as Type Ia by M. Salvo and associates. It was positioned at an offset of east and north of the galaxy's nucleus, reaching a maximum brightness of 12.3 on August 18. The supernova luminosity appeared unreddened by dust from its host galaxy.
The progenitor was a carbon-oxygen white dwarf close to the Chandrasekhar limit, making a merger scenario unlikely. Modelling of the explosion shows a low central density for a hydrogen accretion scenario, suggesting the donating companion was a helium star or a tidally-disrupted white dwarf. Alternatively, the progenitor may have undergone some form of central mixing.
References
External links
Light curves and spectra on the Open Supernova Catalog
Color photographs of SN 2005df
Brightness measures for SN 2005df
Supernovae
Reticulum (constellation)
20050804
2005 in science
Martuk (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Martuk. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
The Southview Housing Historic District encompasses a collection of World War II-era residences on Stanley Road in Springfield, Vermont. They were built in 1942 to provided housing for workers producing militarily important materials, and have survived with remarkably little alteration since then. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
Description and history
The Southview Housing district is located on the southern side of the town center of Springfield, between South Street and the Black River. Extending south from Stanley Street's junction with South Street are eighteen wood frame multi-unit residential buildings. Fifteen are two stories in height, with hip roofs and vinyl siding, while the other three are single-story buildings with novelty siding and gabled roofs. Most of the buildings on the west side of Stanley Street are arrayed perpendicular to the street, while those on the east side are arrayed parallel to it. Each building houses either three or four residences, most of which are two-story duplex style units.
The development was erected in 1942, after the federal government took the land (a farm at the time) by eminent domain. They were built to house workers at several of Springfield's precision machinery manufacturers, who were producing equipment critical to the production of military hardware. It was one of two such developments built by the government in Springfield; the other, called Westview, survives only in significantly altered form.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Windsor County, Vermont
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Windsor County, Vermont
Colonial Revival architecture in Vermont
International style architecture in Vermont
Buildings and structures completed in 1942
Historic districts in Windsor County, Vermont
Springfield, Vermont
Houses in Windsor County, Vermont
Alan Mackay-Sim (born 16 May 1951) is an Australian biomedical scientist specialising in adult stem cell research, and winner of the 2017 Australian of the Year. Some of his research focuses on olfactory ensheathing cells, which are cells in the human nose that interact with the nervous system to cause a sense of smell.
His research into stem cells contributed to the treatment of spinal cord injuries. The restoration of mobility to Darek Fidyka, a Polish paraplegic man, used research by Mackay-Sim.
Academic and professional life
Mackay-Sim received his PhD from Macquarie University in 1980, then subsequently studied at the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Wyoming.
He was the director of the National Centre for Adult Stem Cell Research at Griffith University before his retirement in 2015.
Personal life
Mackay-Sim grew up in Roseville, New South Wales, the third of four brothers. He attended North Sydney Boys High School.
He is married, with two children.
In 2015, he was diagnosed with multiple myeloma, and was treated with stem cell transplant.
Mackay-Sim retired in 2015, and lives in Currimundi, Queensland.
Awards
Member of the Order of Australia, for "significant service to tertiary education, and to biomedical science", in the 2021 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Australian of the Year, 2017
Queenslander of the Year, 2003
References
External links
Professor Alan Mackay-Sim at Griffith University
1951 births
Living people
People with multiple myeloma
Stem cell researchers
Australian medical researchers
Australian of the Year Award winners
Griffith University faculty
Macquarie University alumni
Members of the Order of Australia
University of Pennsylvania alumni
University of Wyoming alumni
People educated at North Sydney Boys High School
Australian republicans
The Lexus RZ is an upcoming battery electric mid-size luxury crossover SUV from Lexus, a luxury division of Toyota. Built on the e-TNGA platform shared with the Toyota bZ4X/Subaru Solterra, it is the first dedicated battery electric vehicle of the Lexus marque that will be sold worldwide and also the second battery electric model after the ICE-based UX 300e.
History
The RZ was previewed by the LF-Z Electrified concept in March 2021. A prototype RZ was shown in December 2021 during a Toyota press event to announce its future plans for rolling out battery electric models. The production model was unveiled at a press event on April 20, 2022, and it was first shown to the public at Le Volan Cars Meet 2022 Yokohama in late May. The RZ was developed at Toyota's Technical Center Shimoyama.
It will go on sale in 2022 (as the 2023 model year in North America), initially in RZ 450e grade, which is equipped with a standard fully variable "Direct4" all-wheel drive system and optional steer-by-wire technology.
Design
Powertrains
The front motor of the RZ 450e is taken from the front-wheel drive version of the bZ4X, while the rear unit is taken from the all-wheel drive version of the same car, making it quicker than the bZ4X/Solterra. Using the 'DIRECT4' system, front/rear axle torque output can be varied continuously from 100:0 to 0:100; during normal driving, the torque split ranges from 40:60 to 60:40.
The storage battery is identical to the bZ4X/Solterra, with a capacity of 71.4 kWh. The RZ 450e has an estimated range of under the EPA driving cycle, depending on wheel size. The maximum charging rate is 150 kW. Four levels of regenerative braking are available; the lowest level eliminates regeneration entirely and relies on the mechanical (hydraulic) brake system. According to the RZ 450e chief engineer Takashi Watanabe, this was done to provide a more conventional braking feel. At maximum regeneration, the deceleration rate is .
Steer-by-wire system
The steer-by-wire system, which Lexus have branded "One Motion Grip" for some markets, comes with a steering yoke and removes the physical connection between the yoke and the steering rack. The position of the yoke is used to drive a motor attached to the steering rack, while a second motor provides feedback to the yoke itself. The effort required to turn the yoke varies in response to driving conditions. Regardless of the situation, the total rotational range of motion is 300 degrees, which removes any need to perform a hand-over-hand movement for which a conventional steering wheel may be more suitable. In a hands-on test, Motor Trend called the yoke "little more than a novelty" but declared the "steering system that minimizes movement by instantly and intuitively adjusting to ever-changing conditions ... [is] a brilliant bit of engineering that could well change driving for the better".
Chassis
The chassis takes advantage of structural adhesives, laser-based welding processes, and high-tensile steel to enhance rigidity and reduce weight; the hood is aluminum and the battery is carried underneath the passenger floor, contributing to the vehicle's low center of gravity. The e-TNGA platform has a fully-independent suspension, with MacPherson struts in front and trailing-arm double-wishbones in the rear.
Styling
Six exterior and three interior colors are available; as an option, the exterior can be painted in a bi-tone finish, with the black "spindle" grill accent extended over the hood and roof. The low hoodline and active grille shutter reduce aerodynamic resistance; in addition, the underbody is dimpled to create minute vortices and a roof spoiler is used to enhance downforce.
References
External links
Official press release
RZ
Cars introduced in 2021
Mid-size sport utility vehicles
Luxury crossover sport utility vehicles
Production electric cars
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Electric concept cars
Krananda semihyalina is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Frederic Moore in 1868. It is found from the Oriental tropics to Japan, Sulawesi and the southern Moluccas.
The wingspan is 39–44 mm.
External links
"スカシエダシャク Krananda semihyalina Moore, 1868". Japanese Moths. Retrieved February 6, 2019.
Boarmiini
Moths of Borneo
Moths of Japan
Batrachedra hageter is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from California.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Obsession is a 1954 French language motion picture crime drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote screenplay with Antoine Blondin, Roland Laudenbach and Gian Luigi Rondi, based on story "Silent as the Grave" by Cornell Woolrich written under the pseudonym of William Irish. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Raf Vallone.
It tells the story of a couple forming a circus trapeze act, and their involvement in a murder case.
Cast
Michèle Morgan : Hélène Giovanni
Raf Vallone : Aldo Giovanni
Marthe Mercadier : Arlette Bernardin
Jean Gaven : Alexandre Buisson
Albert Duvaleix : Barnet
Robert Dalban : Inspecteur Chardin
Louis Seigner : L'avocat général
Olivier Hussenot : Louis Bernardin
Jacques Castelot : Me Ritter
Jean Toulout : Le président des assises
Dora Doll : L'entraîneuse
Raphaël Patorni : Bertrand
Martine Alexis : Olga
Albert Michel : Le réptionniste de l'hôtel rouennais
Pierre Moncorbier : Le secrétaire de Chardin
Aimée Fontenay : La chanteuse au trapèze
Yves Rozec : Trapéziste
References
External links
Obsession at Films de France
1954 films
Films based on short fiction
Films directed by Jean Delannoy
French crime drama films
1954 crime drama films
Circus films
Films based on works by Cornell Woolrich
Films with screenplays by Roland Laudenbach
1950s French films
Dagmar Kolesárová (born December 1990) is a Slovak beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Slovenskej Republiky 2011 and represented her country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.
Early life
A native of Revúca, Kolesárová is pursuing a bachelor's degree at the Faculty of Chemical and Food Technology, Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava.
Miss Universe SR 2011
Kolesárová, who stands tall, competed as one of 13 finalists in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Universe Slovenskej Republiky, broadcast live on 5 March 2011 from Bratislava, where she obtained the Miss Diva Award and became the eventual winner of the title, gaining the right to represent the Slovak Republic in Miss Universe 2011.
Miss Universe 2011
As the official representative of her country to the 2011 Miss Universe pageant, broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on 12 September 2011, Kolesárová will vie to succeed current Miss Universe titleholder, Ximena Navarrete of Mexico.
References
External links
Official Miss Universe Slovenskej Republiky website
1990 births
Living people
Slovak beauty pageant winners
Miss Universe 2011 contestants
People from Revúca
Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava alumni
The Headquarters House, located at 11 Barker Road in Hong Kong was the residence of the Commander British Forces in Hong Kong from 1978 to 1997. Since the Handover of Hong Kong in 1997, the current Commander of the People's Liberation Army Hong Kong Garrison has resided there.
A private road from Barker Road was used to access the home for those who had the required security clearance. Nearby are two other official residences, namely the one for the Chief Secretary for Administration at 15 Barker Road, and the one for Secretary for Justice at 19 Severn Road.
In 1978, it replaced the old Headquarters House (Flagstaff House) at 10 Cotton Tree Drive, which is now the Museum of teaware in Hong Kong.
References
Official residences in Hong Kong
Victoria Peak
Korong may refer to:
Shire of Korong, a former local government area in Victoria, Australia
Korong Vale, Victoria, a town within the Shire of Korong
Korong Vale railway station, a former railway station in the town
Electoral district of Korong, the state parliamentary electorate for the area
Korong Station, a pastoral lease in the Goldfields of Western Australia.
Mount Korong, the former name of the town of Wedderburn, Victoria
Batrachedra conspersa is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Ecuador.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
A referendum on the length of terms of office was held in Liberia on 4 May 1869. The proposals put forward by Parliament on 29 January 1869 would increase the presidential term from two to four years, increase the term of House of Representatives members from two to four years, and increase the term of office of Senators from four to eight years. President-elect Edward James Roye claimed that the changes were approved and that he would remain in office until 1873. However, the legislature, which oversaw the counting process, declared the proposals to be rejected.
Results
References
Liberia
1869 in Liberia
Constitutional referendums in Liberia
Referendums in Liberia
May 1869 events
Ternovsky or Ternovskoy ( or ; masculine), Ternovskaya (; feminine), or Ternovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Ternovskoy, a khutor in Ternovskoye Rural Settlement of Sholokhovsky District of Rostov Oblast
Ternovsky, Chertkovsky District, Rostov Oblast, a khutor in Sokhranovskoye Rural Settlement of Chertkovsky District of Rostov Oblast
Ternovsky, Yegorlyksky District, Rostov Oblast, a khutor in Obyedinennoye Rural Settlement of Yegorlyksky District of Rostov Oblast
Ternovsky, Stavropol Krai, a khutor in Kazinsky Selsoviet of Andropovsky District of Stavropol Krai
Ternovsky, Voronezh Oblast, a settlement in Ternovskoye Rural Settlement of Novokhopyorsky District of Voronezh Oblast
Ternovskaya, Krasnodar Krai, a stanitsa in Ternovsky Rural Okrug of Tikhoretsky District of Krasnodar Krai
Ternovskaya, Rostov Oblast, a stanitsa in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement of Tsimlyansky District of Rostov Oblast
Anthony John Fowler (born 10 March 1991) is a British professional boxer. As an amateur, he won a bronze medal at the 2013 World Championships and gold at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Amateur career
Fowler competed at the 2013 World Championships. He won four fights including beating 2nd seed Dmytro Mytrafanov and 7th seed Stefan Härtel, winning the bronze medal along with Artem Chebotarev of Russia.
Fowler entered the 2014 Commonwealth Games Middleweight boxing competition at the round of 32, beating Cypriot Kyriakos Spanosby unanimous decision. Fowler continued to the final, defeating Kieran Smith in the round of 16, Nickson Otieno Abaka in the quarter-final, and Benny Muziyo in the semi-final, all by unanimous decision. Fowler claimed gold in the competition on 2 August 2014, defeating Indian Vijender Singh by unanimous decision.
Fowler competed for the British Lionhearts squad at the 2015 World Series of Boxing competition.
Fowler fought Asian Games quarter-finalist Zhou Di of the China Dragons in York Hall, Bethnal Green London, on 15 January 2015. Fowler comfortably controlled the opening two rounds, however in the third round the fight took a dramatic turn when a clash of heads left Fowler with a gaping cut to the forehead, forcing the referee to stop the fight.
On 30 January 2015 Fowler fought again on behalf of the British Lionhearts to face Moroccan Atlas Lions middleweight contender, Said Harnouf. Fowler dominated the first two rounds of the fight knocking his opponent down to the canvas three times. During the second round a cut Fowler sustained two weeks earlier was re-opened though the referee allowed the fight to continue. From here Fowler clearly changed strategy in order to protect the cut in order to finish the fight. Despite this setback Fowler continued to challenge his opponent and was declared the unanimous victor at the end of the five fight bout.
On 26 February Fowler went on to win his fight for the British lionhearts against his opponent Misael Rodriguez (fight for the Mexican Guerreros) by split decision to continue his winning streak in the 2015 world series boxing.
Anthony Fowler's Olympic dream was shattered in Rio as he was floored in the second and lost all three rounds to middleweight beast Zhanibek Alimkhanuly of Kazakhstan.
Fowler finished his amateur career in 2016 with a record of 190-19.
Professional career
Fowler vs. Gelkins
Fowler made his professional debut on 27 May 2017 at Bramall Lane in Sheffield, on the undercard of Kell Brook vs. Errol Spence Jr., scoring a first-round knockout (KO) over Arturs Geikins.
Fowler vs. Fitzgerald
Fowler suffered his first defeat at the hands of Scott Fitzgerald via split decision (SD). The bout took place on 30 Mar 2019 at the Echo Arena in Liverpool.
Fowler vs. Harper
On 7 August, 2020, Fowler fought and defeated Adam Harper via a seventh round TKO.
Fowler vs. Fortea
On 20 March, 2021, Fowler fought IBF #15 ranked Jorge Fortea. Fowler won the fight via KO in three rounds.
Fowler vs. Smith
On 9th Oct 2021, Anthony Fowler was beaten by fellow Liverpudlian, Liam Smith (boxer), suffering an 8th round TKO loss.
Personal life
Fowler is a first cousin of former Liverpool F.C. and England footballer Robbie Fowler.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Official website for Anthony Fowler (archived)
(archive)
Anthony Fowler - Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
1991 births
Living people
English male boxers
Middleweight boxers
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Boxers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Boxers from Liverpool
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Olympic boxers of Great Britain
Boxers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Boxers at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for Great Britain
Riccardo Gaiola (born 1 April 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays for Cattolica San Marino.
Biography
Born in Padua, Veneto, Gaiola was a youth product of Lombard club Internazionale. He was a player of their under-15 football team in 2010–11 season. Gaiola left the reserve team in summer 2014, for Cesena. On 11 August 2015 Gaiola was signed by Lega Pro club Prato. The club also signed several players from Inter, such as fellow midfielder Gianmarco Gabbianelli on the same day.
On 2 August 2019, he joined Serie D club Cattolica San Marino.
References
External links
Italian footballers
Inter Milan players
A.C. Prato players
San Marino Calcio players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Association football midfielders
Italy youth international footballers
Sportspeople from Padua
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Veneto
WOLY (1500 AM) was a radio station broadcasting a religious format. Licensed to Battle Creek, Michigan, United States, the station was owned by the Christian Family Network. The station was on the air without a license from 2004 to 2009.
Recent history
In 2004, WOLY's last license was set to expire on October 1 of that year; however, the station failed to file the proper paperwork by the due date, which was June 1, 2004—according to Federal Communications Commission regulations, renewals for broadcast licenses are due four months prior to the current license's expiration. According to the FCC, the station's owners failed to file any paperwork for renewal, resulting in the station's license expiration, and the station's legal calls were deleted from the database, appended as "DWOLY".
On June 13, 2006, the FCC sent the owners a letter, stating that the station was on the air illegally, and must cease broadcasting; the owners never responded to that letter. It wasn't until January 15, 2009 that the owners filed paperwork to the FCC for a renewal of license and a "special temporary authority". The owners explained that they did attempt to file the renewal in a timely manner before the 2004 expiration, but, according to the FCC:
''"...its president could not electronically file a renewal application because he was “completely befuddled by the electronic filing requirements of the FCC... [and that his] Internet Service Provider was not compatible with the FCC's electronic filing system.” Christian Family Network also claims that despite numerous telephone calls to Commission staff, “no staff member advised [the president] that a paper renewal application could be filed if accompanied by a request for waiver of the mandatory electronic filing requirement.”"
The FCC refused to accept the owner's reason. On May 27, 2009, the FCC denied WOLY's renewal and petition, and mandated that the station leave the air immediately. WOLY complied with the order and is no longer on the air.
References
External links
Query the FCC's AM station database for WOLY
OLY
Radio stations established in 1963
1963 establishments in Michigan
Radio stations disestablished in 2006
2006 disestablishments in Michigan
Defunct religious radio stations in the United States
OLY
OLY
Robert K. "Bob" Stevens (June 20, 1938 – October 5, 2001) was a British-born American photojournalist for the Sun, a subsidiary of American Media, located in Boca Raton, Florida, United States. He was the first journalist killed in the 2001 anthrax attacks when letters containing anthrax were mailed to multiple media outlets in the United States. The anthrax attacks also killed four others in the United States and sickened seventeen others.
Personal
Robert Stevens was born in Britain, but he resided in Lantana, Florida, with his wife Maureen Stevens, also from Britain. Stevens and his wife had three children, Nicholas Stevens, Heidi Hogan, and Casey Tozzi. Many people described Stevens as a person who loved to spend time outdoors.
Career
Robert Stevens was a newspaper photo editor for Sun, owned by American Media, until he was hospitalized on October 2, 2001. American Media published many different tabloids including the National Enquirer and the Sun. Many of the publications that Stevens worked on made claims that Elvis was not dead or that celebrities were pregnant with martians.
Death
In early October 2001, letters which contained anthrax were mailed to multiple locations across the United States. After a recent visit to North Carolina, Robert Stevens reported having symptoms similar to the flu. When he was first hospitalized, doctors believed he had developed meningitis. After the doctors completed further testing, it was discovered that he had developed pulmonary anthrax. This had also already been confirmed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Stevens died on October 5, 2001, making his death the first death from anthrax in 25 years. After an investigation was conducted by the FBI, it was revealed that Stevens had come into contact with anthrax through the letter that was mailed to him at American Media in Boca Raton, Florida.
Stevens was the first person killed in these attacks. In addition to killing Stevens, the anthrax killed two postal workers in Washington, a hospital worker in New York, and a 94-year-old woman from Connecticut, and it caused seventeen other people to become sick. In addition, an envelope containing anthrax was opened in what was once the office of Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle. As a result, the House of Representatives was closed down.
Investigation
During their investigation, the FBI concluded that Bruce Edward Ivins, a microbiologist for the United States Army, had mailed the deadly letters. The FBI obtained some of the anthrax spores and analyzed them. After analyzing the spores, the FBI traced the spores to a military lab located at Fort Detrick, Maryland. Ivins quickly became a suspect in the investigation. The FBI began to suspect Ivins when they noticed he had logged in many late-night hours right before the attacks. He was questioned in March 2005 about the attacks, but he could not provide a valid reason why he had worked late those nights. In addition to this, Ivins had sent out several emails in which he discussed his mental state and treatment. In 2008 Ivins killed himself just as the FBI was preparing to arrest him. Leading up to his death, Ivins had been hospitalized for psychiatric evaluation after threatening to kill people he worked with, investigators of the anthrax attacks, and many other people who had supposedly wronged him.
Lawsuit
Maureen Stevens, wife of Robert Stevens, filed a US $50 million lawsuit in 2003 against the government of the United States. In the lawsuit, Maureen Stevens claimed "that the government was negligent in failing to stop someone from working at an Army infectious disease lab from creating weapons-grade anthrax used in letters that killed five people and sickened 17 others." Ten years after filing the lawsuit, Maureen Stevens settled with the United States government for US$2.5 million. After Maureen and her lawyer settled with the government, Maureen's lawyer said, "Justice has been served."
Context
The anthrax mailings that killed five people and sickened seventeen others came right after the September 11 terrorist attacks. Because they came immediately following 9/11, investigators believed that Al Qaeda was also somehow responsible for the anthrax attacks — only this time, they were using biological weapons. However, it was soon discovered that the strain of anthrax used was connected to a military research laboratory in Maryland.
Impact
Robert Stevens was the first anthrax victim to be killed in 25 years. The type of anthrax with which he was killed was rare and lethal. During the investigation, the FBI shut down the offices in which Stevens was employed to collect evidence of anthrax. Another thing that makes the death of Robert Stevens important is that at the time it was very rare for anthrax to be in the form of white powder. At the time experts believed that Anthrax could be found in the soil, in sheep, in cattle, and in horses. The machines used to process mail as it came through the system caused anthrax spores to go into the air. Then, by cleaning those same machines, the anthrax spores spread even farther and onto other mail causing twenty two other people to become sick; five of whom died.
Reactions
The main reaction to these events was fear that the deaths were the work of terrorists in the United States only a few weeks after the September 11 attacks, and the United States Postal System also became fearful as the letters containing anthrax were mailed through the postal service. Because of this fear, online sales of Ciprofloxacin, an antibiotic used to treat anthrax, drastically went up. People purchasing the antibiotic were paying more than ten times the normal cost of the drug.
See also
List of journalists killed in the United States
References
1938 births
2001 deaths
2001 anthrax attacks
American terrorism victims
Deaths from anthrax
Infectious disease deaths in Florida
Journalists killed in the United States
Terrorism deaths in Florida
People from Lantana, Florida
British expatriates in the United States
20th-century British journalists
Julián Simón Carranza (born 22 May 2000) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Philadelphia Union of Major League Soccer.
Club career
Banfield
Carranza's career began in 2017 with Argentine Primera División side Banfield. His first appearance for Banfield came against Defensa y Justicia in the league on 24 November, coming on as a 55th-minute substitute for Michael López. In his third appearance, Carranza scored two goals in a home defeat versus Argentinos Juniors on 9 December. He ended 2017–18 with five goals in fourteen league fixtures, subsequently netting a further five times in all competitions in 2018–19.
Inter Miami
On 26 July 2019, Major League Soccer's Inter Miami signed Carranza. However, he was loaned back to Banfield until January 2020; when Inter Miami would officially join MLS. Having returned from his homeland in early 2020, Carranza's competitive bow wouldn't arrive until midway through the year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. His first appearance belatedly arrived on 8 July in an MLS is Back Tournament loss to Orlando City. Carranza would later, on 22 August, score twice on his MLS regular season debut versus the same opponents.
Loan back to Banfield
Carranza spent five months back with Banfield to end 2019 after his transfer to Inter Miami, due to the newly formed American club not joining Major League Soccer until the succeeding January. He made twelve appearances in his second spell, whilst netting goals against Godoy Cruz and Lanús. His last appearance came in a win away to Independiente on 6 December 2019.
Philadephia Union
In December 2021, it was announced that Carranza would spend the 2022 season on loan with the Philadelphia Union, in exchange for a second-round selection in the 2022 SuperDraft.
On 2 April 2022, Carranza scored his first goal for the Philadelphia Union in a 2–0 home victory over Charlotte FC. On 12 July, he netted his first career hat-trick in a 7–0 home victory over D.C. United, becoming the fifth player in the Union's history to achieve the feat. He was voted MLS Player of the Week. On 13 July, Philadelphia opted to make Carranza's move to the club permanent, sending Miami $500,000 of General Allocation Money. On 21 August, he bagged a second-half hat-trick in a 6–0 away win over D.C. United, becoming the first Union player to score multiple hat-tricks, and joining Cobi Jones as the only players to have scored two hat-tricks against the same side in a single MLS season. Carranza also became the first Philadelphia player to score three goals and register an assist in the same match, and by being voted MLS Player of the Week again, he became only the second Union player after Sébastien Le Toux (2010) to win the award twice in the same season.
International career
Carranza featured in two matches for the Argentina U17 team at the 2017 South American Championship in Chile. He also featured in friendlies for the U17s, versus Godoy Cruz and Racing Club respectively; scoring twice against Godoy and once against Racing. Carranza has also trained with the U20 team. September 2019 saw Carranza make Fernando Batista's U23 squad.
Career statistics
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Córdoba Province, Argentina
Argentine footballers
Argentina youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Argentine Primera División players
Major League Soccer players
Club Atlético Banfield footballers
Inter Miami CF players
Philadelphia Union players
Designated Players (MLS)
Rhabdophis barbouri, Barbour's water snake, is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in the Philippines.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Reptiles described in 1922
Taxa named by Edward Harrison Taylor
Brown County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2010 census, the population was 6,937. Its county seat is Mount Sterling.
Siloam Springs State Park is located partly in this county.
History
Brown County was formed out of Schuyler County in 1839. It is named in honor of U.S. General Jacob Brown, who defeated the British at the Battle of Sackett's Harbor in 1813.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water. The Illinois River flows along part of the county's eastern border.
Adjacent counties
Schuyler County - north
Cass County - east
Morgan County - southeast
Pike County - south
Adams County - west
Major highways
US Route 24
Illinois Route 99
Illinois Route 107
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Mount Sterling have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 6,937 people, 2,099 households, and 1,346 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,462 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 76.1% white, 18.5% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 4.4% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.5% were German, 15.6% were American, 12.7% were Irish, and 6.1% were English.
Of the 2,099 households, 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.9% were non-families, and 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.88. The median age was 37.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,696 and the median income for a family was $50,341. Males had a median income of $34,648 versus $27,288 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,133. About 9.9% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.
The Illinois state prison, Western Illinois Correctional Center, located south east of Mount Sterling, has an average daily population of 2,066. The all-male population and racial makeup of the prison is so large, compared to the rest of the county, that it skews the census demographic data. This is evidenced by the lopsided age pyramid.
Communities
City
Mount Sterling (seat)
Villages
Mound Station
Ripley
Versailles
Townships
Brown County is divided into these nine townships:
Buckhorn
Cooperstown
Elkhorn
Lee
Missouri
Mount Sterling
Pea Ridge
Ripley
Versailles
Unincorporated Communities
Benville
Buckhorn
Cooperstown
Damon
Fargo
Gilbirds
Hersman
Jaques
La Grange
Morrelville
Siloam
Politics
Brown County is located in Illinois's 18th Congressional District and is currently represented by Republican Darin LaHood. For the Illinois House of Representatives, the county is located in the 93rd district and is currently represented by Republican Norine Hammond. The county is located in the 47th district of the Illinois Senate, and is currently represented by Republican Jil Tracy.
Brown County is part of the German-settled area of western Central Illinois and the Missouri Rhineland centred on the St. Louis metropolitan area. This region was opposed both to southern plantation owners and socially liberal Yankees and consequently voted against the majority of people in their state. Brown County voted for the Democratic candidate in every presidential election from at least 1840 through 1948, with the sole exception of the 1928 election when the county voted for the Republican candidate Herbert Hoover. From 1952 to 2020, Democrats have carried Brown County only three times (1964, 1976, and 1992) and have won a majority of the vote only once (1964).
Education
Brown County Community Unit School District 1
Meredosia-Chambersburg Community Unit School District 11
Southeastern Community Unit School District 337
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Brown County, Illinois
References
Specific
General
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
United States National Atlas
External links
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
The Uzbekistan–Kyrgyzstan barrier is a border barrier built by Uzbekistan along its border with Kyrgyzstan to prevent terrorist infiltration. Construction began in 1999 after bomb attacks in the Uzbek capital of Tashkent were blamed on Islamic terrorists originating from Kyrgyzstan. The fence, unilaterally erected in disputed territory has caused economic hardships in the poor agricultural areas of the Ferghana Valley and has separated many families in this traditionally integrated border region.
History
The border dispute between Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan centers on Uzbekistan's unilateral demarcation of the border and its alleged seizure of large tracts of Kyrgyz agricultural land which had been lent to Uzbekistan for temporary usage during the Soviet period but never returned.
The 1999 Tashkent bombing in February 1999 which were blamed on foreign Islamic militants and the subsequent incursion of the Kyrgyz region of Batken by the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, who were based in Tajikistan and opposed to Uzbek President Islam Karimov, led to Uzbekistan sealing its border and commencement constructing a barbed wire fence around long sections of its border with Kyrgyzstan in the Ferghana Valley.
Uzbekistan's efforts in 1999 and 2000 to secure its previously porous boundaries the Ferghana Valley have shown that any neat division of territory on the basis of ethnic mix or economic activity is almost impossible, and the complicated history of integrated use of border land makes it hard to determine ownership. However, neither the land ownership considerations nor the daily difficulties being experienced by ordinary inhabitants of the valley discouraged the Uzbek state from demarcating and militarizing its border as quickly as possible in order to prevent possible attacks.
In June 2004 the foreign ministry of Kyrgyzstan protested over Uzbekistan's attempt to build a border fence in the Tuya-Moyun area in southern Osh, near the Kerkidon reservoir in Kyrgyzstan, adjacent to Uzbekistan's eastern Fergana Region. It said the fence would have cut into southern Kyrgyzstan territory by 60m in violation of the state border which has been delineated by the Kyrgyz-Uzbek intergovernmental commission on delineating the Kyrgyz-Uzbek state borders.
It was later reported that Uzbekistan had temporarily stopped erecting the fence. The Kyrgyz Republic's Foreign Ministry subsequently sent a memorandum to the Uzbek Foreign Ministry on May 28, 2004. It expressed Kyrgyzstan's position that "such unilateral moves by Uzbekistan run counter to the norms of international law and do not comply with the provisions of the Eternal Friendship Treaty signed by the Kyrgyz Republic and the Republic of Uzbekistan on December 24, 1996".
Effects and consequences
Economic consequences
Occurrences, such as the removal of a 2-meter section of the fence on the road between the southern Kyrgyz regional capital of Osh and the small provincial town of Aravan in January 2000, highlighted the frustration experienced by the local population straddling the border region, after it turned out that it was local Uzbekistani citizens who cut through the border fence to smuggle goods to sell in Kyrgyzstan.
On May 14, 2005, a day after the Andijan massacre, Uzbek locals seized control of Qorasuv, a town on the border with Kyrgyzstan, driving away the government officials. Angry crowds set alight government buildings and attacked the mayor. As thousands tried to flee the country and escape the political unrest, two bridges across the border were rebuilt in an effort to revive trade with Kyrgyzstan.
Disputed natural resources
The region has always been short of water. Rivers and streams that have traditionally irrigated the lands snake down the valley, now passing into different countries as many as 20 times. The new borders have set community against community in their attempt to access the water, resulting in violent clashes.
Reduced freedoms
Transport links have been seriously impeded in the Ferghana Valley by the barrier. The routes from Osh to almost all other towns in the south of Kyrgyzstan pass at least once through newly established or recently strengthened Uzbek checkpoints. Buses can be taken only to the border, where they stop and turn back, leaving passengers to walk through customs and take another bus to the next checkpoint. Journey times to some outlying mountainous regions have increased threefold, and costs have been pushed up not only by the need for more buses but also by bribes to be paid at checkpoints. Such costs hit hard in an area of rural poverty.
Inter-communal strife
Southern Kyrgyzstan is home to a sizeable Uzbek minority. In 1990, at the start of the barriers construction, tensions in the region between the Uzbeks and the Kyrgyz majority flared into bitter inter-communal violence leaving 170 people dead. The subsequent border disputes between Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan in 1999 added to the tensions.
Opinions on the barrier
Kyrgyz opinions
Political clash over violation of Kyrgyz territory
In 1999, the "border issue" became a key element in political battles between the Kyrgyz government and the nationalist opposition. Being the year leading up to parliamentary and presidential elections, the government avoided almost all mention of the dispute, emphasizing instead President Askar Akayev's "Silk Road diplomacy" of regional co-operation, which, it said, would solve all border problems in the long term by re-opening the ancient trade routes to Europe and China. The opposition dismissed these as empty words, and pointed to the government's perceived failure to prevent Uzbekistan from advancing border posts into Kyrgyz territory as indicative of the presidential administration's weakness.
See also
Uzbek-Afghanistan barrier
References
Barrier
Barrier
Border barriers
Minefields
Elizabeth Benson (1888 – 1976) was a South African sculptor. Her work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1888 births
1976 deaths
20th-century South African sculptors
20th-century South African women artists
South African women sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Kimberley, Northern Cape
Take a Break! Pinball was a 1993 pinball computer game collection by Dynamix/Sierra On-Line. It contained several individual boards based on various Dynamix or Sierra series such as King's Quest, Space Quest, The Adventures of Willy Beamish, Leisure Suit Larry, and Nova 9: The Return of Gir Draxon. It is the second game in the Take a Break! series of casual Windows games. It was designed for Windows 3.x.
Boards
Quest for Daventry
This board is based on King's Quest V. The game follows the narrative of the adventure game with objectives based on locations and encounters from that game. As objectives are completed on the board, new locations are opened up on the map. On this board, there was a bug that made the ball invisible after entering the Endless Desert Temple Stone Wall Trap. This was later patched with an updated DLL file.
Planet Pinball
Three boards based on Space Quest IV.
Level One: Planet Xenon in the Beginning
Level Two: Spaced Travel
Level Three: Reformation Day
Larry's Big Score
This board is based on Larry 5. It was later released as a stand-alone game in the early Leisure Suit Larry collections.
Flipped Out Willy
This board is based on The Adventures of Willy Beamish.
Draxon
Two boards based on Nova 9.
Level One: Nova 9
Level Two: Lots in Space
Reception
Computer Gaming World in 1993 liked to Take a Break! Pinballs adventure game-like boards, but criticized the high CPU requirements, stating that performance "can be so bad as to be unplayable on a 386, and irritating on a 486". Interactive Entertainment CD ROM Magazine criticized the colorful graphics on some boards, saying that they made it "nearly impossible to keep your eye on the ball". They said that "taken as a serious pinball simulation, it falls short in more than one area".
See also
King's Quest V: Absence Makes the Heart Go Yonder!
Space Quest IV: Roger Wilco and the Time Rippers
Leisure Suit Larry 5: Passionate Patti Does a Little Undercover Work
The Adventures of Willy Beamish
Nova 9: The Return of Gir Draxon
References
1993 video games
Pinball video games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Sierra Entertainment games
Dynamix games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in the United States
The following are the national records in track cycling in China maintained by China's national cycling federation: Chinese Cycling Association.
Men
Women
References
External links
Chinese Cycling Association web site
China
Records in track cycling
Track cycling
track cycling
Buton Regency (Kabupaten Buton) is a regency of Indonesia's Southeast Sulawesi Province, lying entirely on Buton Island. Until 2014 it had an area of 2,681.22 km2, and a population estimated at 276,944 (for January 2014). However, in 2014 it was divided into three regencies, with two new regencies being cut out of it; the residual area now is 1,648.04 km2, and the districts in that area contained a population of 94,388 at the 2010 Census while the 2020 Census produced a total of 115,207.
The capital is nominally at Pasarwajo, but the administrative centre is in the city of Baubau on the south-west of the island, although that city is administratively separate from the Regency.
Administration
The Buton Regency was divided at 2010 into 21 districts (kecamatan), but in 2012 it was announced that the regency was to be split, with the southern seven districts split off to form a new Buton Selatan Regency, and seven other districts split off to form a new Buton Tengah Regency (although the latter does not contain any part of Buton Island). This division was made effective in 2014.
The remaining seven districts are tabulated below with their areas, their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census, and the location of their administrative centres.
Climate
Buton regency has a tropical monsoon climate (Am) with moderate rainfall from July to October and heavy rainfall from November to June. The following climate data is for the town of Pasarwajo, the seat of the regency.
References
Regencies of Southeast Sulawesi
is a private junior college in Kirishima, Kagoshima, Japan.
History
The college was established in 1966. It adopted its present name in 1985.
Courses
Early childhood education
References
External links
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1966
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Kagoshima Prefecture
The Shining Girls is a novel by South African author Lauren Beukes. The book centers on a time-traveling Depression-era drifter who must murder the "shining girls" in order to continue his travels.
The Shining Girls was published on 15 April 2013 by the Umuzi imprint of Random House Struik in South Africa, on 25 April 2013 by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom, and on 4 June 2013 by Mulholland Books in the United States. HarperCollins had won the international rights to the book in a bidding war with several other publishers.
Unlike her previous novels, which are set in South Africa, The Shining Girls takes place in Chicago. Beukes said that because the story steps back and forth through history, she felt South Africa would not be a suitable setting because "then it would become an Apartheid story". Beukes added that race issues appear frequently in her work, but "Apartheid would have overwhelmed everything else I wanted to do with the novel".
In 2013, The Shining Girls was short-listed for UK based Crime Writers' Association 2013 Goldsboro Gold Dagger award. In 2014 the book won the British Fantasy Society's August Derleth Award for Best Horror Novel
Plot
The Shining Girls follow Harper Curtis, a killer from Depression-era Chicago, who finds a key on the person of his latest victim, and uses it to unlock the door to a strange house. Inside, Harper discovers a room covered in seemingly random objects, each with a woman's name attached. He quickly figures out that the house wants him to kill these women — the titular Shining Girls — who live at various times across the next 60 years. All Harper has to do is step out of the room with the house key and a copy of one of the objects — the originals remain inside the house — and he can visit any year between 1929 and 1993.
So begins Harper Curtis' killing spree. He visits each of the Shining Girls when she is little and gives her a token item from the room, such as a baseball card or toy. Then, he leaps forward in time by a decade or more, murders the Shining Girl, and leaves a different woman's token at the scene.
His luck changes when he brutally stabs Kirby Mizrachi in 1989 and leaves her for dead. Unbeknownst to Harper, Kirby survives the attempt on her life. And four years later, with her would-be killer still unidentified, she decides to go after him on her own.
Kirby takes a job working for Dan Velazquez, the journalist who covered her story for the Chicago Sun-Times. She's upfront about wanting to track down her attacker, and she has an impossible theory — that the man who tried to kill her has been murdering women in Chicago for the last 60 years. Because Harper's M.O. includes leaving another woman's token with each Shining Girl he kills, Kirby's search uncovers anachronisms at the scenes of several Chicago murders, and she realizes that her own token — the 1985 My Little Pony figurine a strange man gave her in 1976 — is similarly displaced in time. Armed with this information, she enlists Dan's help to research the pony's history.
Meanwhile, Harper is hunting Kirby once again, having read one of her articles from 1993. When someone tips her off that a man is looking for her, Kirby turns the tables on Harper and pursues him all the way to the house. After seeing the token room, she tries reporting Harper and the house to the police, but they find nothing amiss inside.
Kirby approaches Dan once more and convinces him to break into the house with her. While Dan fends off Harper in 1929, Kirby gathers the tokens and prepares to burn them. Harper critically injures Dan and returns to the house, arriving just in time to see Kirby set the items ablaze. The novel ends with Kirby shooting Harper and leaving him to die in the burning house while she and Dan escape.
Criticism and reviews
The Shining Girls received positive to mixed reviews from critics.
Writing for NPR, American writer and critic Alan Cheuse called The Shining Girls "a triumph" and "a marvelous narrative feat that spans the history of Chicago from the 1930s to the 1990s". He complimented Beukes on her in-depth research into Chicago's history, and described the plot as a "well-made, though extremely complex temporal creation". A reviewer in the National Post described The Shining Girls as "a thoroughly satisfying thriller" and said that Kirby's charm is "irresistible and irrepressible", while Harper reminds one of the 1890s Chicago serial killer H. H. Holmes.
American writer Julia Keller wrote in a review of the book in the Chicago Tribune that she was pleased that The Shining Girls deviates from traditional serial-killer fiction in that it does not glorify the killer. Beukes presents Harper as "greedy and seedy and opportunistic", rather than "scintillatingly brilliant and alluringly damaged". While the book's time-travel theme "stretches scientific plausibility", Keller said that the book's strength comes from Beukes's "audacious imaginative vision", and that she has made "delicate and redemptive magic" out of "something horrific and inexplicable".
Simmy Richman wrote in The Independent that while the book has good ideas, it is "ultimately another high-concept novel that suffers in the execution". He said that the back-and-forth time travel results in the story "feel[ing] all over the place". Richman added that Beukes's characterization of Harper's victims was good, but felt that she does not give the killer the same attention. American author Charles Finch writing in a review in USA Today also felt that The Shining Girls is "not entirely successful in its execution", but added that because Beukes is "so profusely talented – capable of wit, darkness, and emotion on a single page", the book should still be a "blockbuster". Finch said that while Beukes "successfully defines and limits her story's magical elements", the magic "come[s] apart at the seams" during the final showdown between Kirby and Harper.
In a review in The New York Times, American journalist and critic Janet Maslin wrote that Beukes has made The Shining Girls more than "a standard serial-killer story" by "load[ing] it with acrobatic twists", and said it is a "strong contender for the role of this summer's universal beach read". Maslin added that a strong point of the book is "the emotional effect of the victims' unusual virtue" that Beukes creates, but complained about the book's lack of information about Harper. Maslin also criticized the fact that all the story's "occult power" rests in the House, which "has a mind of its own, but we never find out how it works". Alison Flood wrote in a review in The Guardian that if you accept Beukes's "time-travel conceit", The Shining Girls is a page-turner that will "take some beating this summer". Flood defended Beukes's decision not to explain how the House works, saying that "The [H]ouse just is", and that Harper's underdeveloped character is what makes him an enigma. She complimented Beukes on her victims, calling them "vivid, glowing characters", and described Kirby as "one of the sarkiest, most resilient heroines you're likely to meet this year".
Adaptations
In May 2013, it was announced that MRC and Appian Way, Leonardo DiCaprio's production company, have bought the television rights to The Shining Girls. In July 2020, Apple announced that it green lit a straight-to-series order for Shining Girls, launching exclusively on Apple TV+, with Elisabeth Moss set to star and executive produce. In February 2021, Wagner Moura was cast to lead opposite Moss. Production on the series began in Chicago in May 2021. It premiered on April 29, 2022.
Awards
2013 – UJ Prize for South African Writing in English
2013 – RT Thriller of the Year
2013 – Exclusive Books' Readers Choice Award
2014 – The Strand Magazine Critic's Best Novel Award
2014 – British Fantasy Society August Derleth Award for Best Horror Novel
References
External links
2013 novels
2013 science fiction novels
21st-century South African novels
South African speculative fiction novels
Novels about time travel
Novels adapted into television shows
Mulholland Books books
HarperCollins books
Random House books
The Jindalee National Park is a protected national park that is located north of Cootamundra, in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia. The northern boundary of the park runs adjacent to the Burley Griffin Way.
History
Jindalee National Park was initially declared a forest reserve in 1877 and in August 1918 it was reclassified as state forest. In January 2011, the park was reserved under the National Park Estate (South-Western Cypress Reservations) Act (2010) to protect remaining areas of cypress pine woodlands, which have been extensively cleared across New South Wales.
Features
The park is divided into two portions by a strip of private farmland along Berthong Rd. It is characterised by undulating country, dissected by numerous minor drainage lines. The state forest had a long history of recreational activity, particularly motorbike use and in later years some mountain bike use. Following reservation, all of the existing roads within the park remained open to public vehicle access, however all vehicles are required to be registered and their use confined to the existing formed trails only.
Flora
The park consists of several vegetation communities. Mugga Ironbark-mixed box woodland makes up 74 percent of the park, 20 percent is Mugga Ironbark-Western Grey Box-Cypress Pine woodland, and 5.8 percent of the park is cleared land. 0.2 percent of the park is White Box-Yellow Box-Blakely's Red Gum Grassy Woodland, an ecological community classified as Critically Endangered in NSW. The pine donkey orchid, listed as Vulnerable in NSW under the Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016, occurs within Jindalee National Park.
Invasive plants found in the park include St. John's wort, Paterson's curse, viper's bugloss, blackberry, apple of Sodom, thistles and capeweed.
Fauna
Threatened birds recorded in the park include Swift parrot, Regent honeyeater, Little lorikeet, Brown treecreeper, Speckled warbler, Black-chinned honeyeater, Varied sittella, Flame robin, Diamond firetail, Grey-crowned babbler, Hooded robin, Little eagle, Turquoise parrot and Painted honeyeater. Threatened mammals recorded in the park include Squirrel glider and Eastern pygmy possum.
Several introduced pest species occur, including the European fox, feral cat and various deer species.
Issues
Illegal firewood collection and illegal off-road motorcycle and four-wheel drive vehicle use occur within Jindalee National Park.
See also
Protected areas of New South Wales
List of national parks of Australia
References
National parks of New South Wales
Protected areas established in 2011
2011 establishments in Australia
Cathrine Mary Burnett-Wake is an Australian politician, who has been a member of the Victorian Legislative Council for the Eastern Victoria Region representing the Liberal Party since 2 December 2021. Burnett-Wake was appointed by a joint sitting of the Victorian Parliament to fill a vacancy brought about by the resignation of Edward O'Donohue. She is the first Liberal female upper house member for Eastern Victoria.
Prior to entering the Victorian Parliament, Burnett-Wake was a local government councillor for Yarra Ranges Shire between October 2020 and November 2021, representing the Streeton Ward. She also worked as principal migration agent for Harris Wake, a legal and migration firm she co-founded with Owen Harris. Burnett-Wake sits on the boards of the Burrinja Cultural Centre and the Eastern Alliance for Greenhouse Action.
In July 2022, Burnett-Wake lost preselection to Renee Heath for the 2022 state election.
References
|-
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
Women members of the Victorian Legislative Council
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Victoria (Australia) local councillors
Women local councillors in Australia
Victoria University, Melbourne alumni
21st-century Australian politicians
Jamie McGhee (born 28 September 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Boston United, as a right-sided midfielder.
McGhee is a graduate of the Mansfield Town youth academy, and made his first-team debut for the Stags near the end of the 2006-07 season, appearing as a substitute in the League Two games against Swindon and Bury. He did not feature for Mansfield's first-team in 2007-08, and appeared only once during the 2008-09 season (against York City in the Conference League Cup). He was released by Mansfield at the end of the season, and signed for Corby Town in July 2009.
External links
1989 births
Living people
English footballers
English Football League players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Corby Town F.C. players
Grantham Town F.C. players
Boston United F.C. players
Northern Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Voytenko or Voitenko (Cyrillic: Войтенко) is a Ukrainian-based surname. It is derived from a word Voyt (wójt), which was borrowed via German Vogt from Latin advocatus. Other versions may include Wojtenko (Polish or German spelling). Notable people with this surname include:
Anatoly Voitenko, the inventor of the Voitenko compressor
, Ukrainian neurobiologist
Valeri Voytenko Russian football coach and player
See also
Ukrainian-language surnames
Occupational surnames
is a private junior college in Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan. Originally established in 1950 as a women's junior college, it became coeducational in 1998.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1950
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ishikawa Prefecture
1950 establishments in Japan
Kanazawa
Sara M. Evans (born 1943) is a Regents Professor Emeritus in the history department at the University of Minnesota. She has also worked as the editor of Feminist Studies and a consulting editor of the Journal of American History. She received her B.A. from Duke University in 1966 and her M.A. from Duke University in 1968. She later received her PhD from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1976 and began teaching at the University of Minnesota that year.
Her parents were a Methodist minister and a mother she describes as "a radical egalitarian in her bones."
Books
Her books include: Personal Politics: The Roots of Women's Liberation in the Civil Rights Movement and the New Left (1979), Born for Liberty: A History of American Women (1989), Wage Justice: Comparable Worth and the Paradox of Technocratic Reform (1989) (with Barbara J. Nelson), Free Spaces: Sources of Democratic Change in America, 2nd edition, (1992) (with Harry C. Boyte), Journeys That Opened Up the World: Women, Student Christian Movements, and Social Justice, 1955-1975 (2003), and Tidal Wave: How Women Changed America at Century's End (2003).
Awards
Her awards include:
• CLA Dean's Medal, 1999
• College of Liberal Arts Scholars of the College, University of Minnesota, 1991 - 1994
• McKnight Humanities Scholar, University of Minnesota, 1996 - 1999
• McKnight Distinguished University Professorship, beginning in 1997
• College of Liberal Arts Dean's Medal, University of Minnesota, 1999
• President's Outstanding Service Award, University of Minnesota, 1999
• American Council of Learned Societies Fellowship, 2001 - 2002
• Award for Outstanding Contributions to Postbaccalaureate, Graduate, and Professional Education, 2002 - 2003
• Regents' Professorship, University of Minnesota, 2004
Papers
The Sara M. Evans Papers, 1959-2005, are held at the David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library.
External links
with Sara M. Evans by Stephen McKiernan, Binghamton University Libraries Center for the Study of the 1960s, August 16, 2010
References
20th-century American historians
21st-century American non-fiction writers
1943 births
Duke University alumni
Feminist historians
Living people
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
Historians from Minnesota
The siege of Derbent (or "Storming of Derbent"; ) took place on 10 May 1796 during the Persian Expedition of 1796. Derbent, an ancient city with thick walls has a favorable geopolitical position, which locks the coastal passage between the Caucasus Mountains and the Caspian.
Background
In the spring of 1795, the Persians, led by the new ruler and founder of the Qajar dynasty, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar, re-subjugated eastern Georgia (recently unified as the Kingdom of Kartli-Kakheti) and the khanates of the region. In carrying out its obligations under the Treaty of Georgievsk of 1783, the Russian government sent a large army (about 13 thousand) from Kizlyar towards the Iranian possessions in the Caucasus.
For the subsequent hike in 1796, a strong Russian corps of two infantry and two cavalry battalions had been formed in Kizlyar. Command was given to Pavel Tsitsianov, Bulgakov, Alexander Korsakov, Baron Levin August, Count Stepan Apraksin, and Matvei Platov, while the commander-in-chief was Lieutenant-General Count Valerian Zubov.
Storming
The Russians offered Shakyh-Ali Khan Darbandi, the Iranian governor of the town, to collaborate against the shah. But the young Sheikh-Ali Khan left the letter unanswered, and therefore the city was met with a barrage of Russian cannon shots.
On 10 May, the city was captured.
The capture of Derbent by Zuvov was glorified by the Russian court poet Derzhavin in his poem Na Pokorenie Derbenta ("on the conquest of Derbent").
Aftermath
Empress Catherine waxed jubilant at Zubov's rapid progress, which in two months had exceeded the gains of Peter the Great's costly Persian campaign in two years. Sheikh Ali Khan, the governor of Derbent was taken prisoner, which broke the spirit of resistance of the locals. Despite this success, when Paul I ascended the Russian throne, foreign policy changed, and the Russian troops were withdrawn from the Caucasus (in December 1796), and all the conquered areas were returned to Qajar Iran.
References
Sources
History of Dagestan
History of Derbent
1790s in Iran
1796 in the Russian Empire
Conflicts in 1796
Derbent
Battles involving Qajar Iran
Micaela Martins Jacintho (born 12 June 1979) is a Brazilian basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Brazil
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Portugal was represented by Doce, with the song "Bem bom", at the 1982 Eurovision Song Contest, which took place in Harrogate on 24 April. Doce was the winner of the Portuguese national final for the contest, held on 6 March. The song was chosen through a national final organised by broadcaster RTP.
Before Eurovision
Festival da Canção 1982
The final was held at the Teatro Maria Matos in Lisbon, hosted by Alice Cruz & Fialho Gouveia. The winning song was chosen by the votes of 22 regional juries.
Doce previously came 2nd in the 1980 Portuguese Final and in the 1981 Portuguese Final 4th. Two members of the group (Teresa Miguel & Fatima Padinha) were in the group Gemini that represented Portugal in 1978 as was in Paris in France.
At Eurovision
On the night of the final Doce performed first in the running order, preceding Luxembourg. At the close of voting "Bem bom" had received 32 points, placing Portugal 13th of the 18 entries. The Portuguese jury awarded its 12 points to the winner song from Germany.
Members of the Portuguese jury included José Vacondeus, Filipa Corte Real, Ilda Cocco Leote, José Eduardo Meira da Cunha, Maria Isabel Soares da Rocha, José Carlos Magalhães Ferreira, Maria José Soveral Gomes, Mário Nuno dos Santos Queirós, Carlos Ribeiro Luís, Frederico Hogan Teves, and Ana Manuela Preto Pacheco.
Voting
References
1982
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982
Eurovision
Headcorn railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the village of Headcorn, Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross . The station and all trains that serve the station are operated by Southeastern.
Headcorn was, until 1954, the northern terminus of the Kent & East Sussex Railway although their platform was named .
History
Headcorn station was opened on 31 August 1842 as part of the extension of the South Eastern Railway's (SER) main line from Tonbridge. In common with other SER stations outside the London area, staggered platforms and a simple single-storey wooden clapboard station building were provided at Headcorn. The SER's line was opened to Ashford by December 1842, to Folkestone by December 1843 and finally to Dover by February 1844. A bridge between Headcorn and Staplehurst was the scene of an accident in 1865 involving Charles Dickens; a rail had been removed by a ganger mistaken as to the day, and the Staplehurst rail crash resulted.
In 1905, the station became the northern terminus of Colonel Stephens' Kent & East Sussex Railway, the KESR's tracks entering Headcorn via a siding on the Ashford side of the station. The KESR had its own long platform to the rear of the Up main line platform, and a corrugated iron building was moved here from the KESR's Tenterden Town station. The station, known as by the KESR, was remodelled between 1924 and 1930 by the Southern Railway (SR), with the addition of two new fast lines through the station. This involved the demolition of the main line Up platform, its reconstruction opposite the Down platform, and the moving of the KESR's connection to the main line to the west side of the station. A new concrete KESR platform was provided here facing on a curved alignment.
The remodelling included a footbridge across the station and new signal box for the main line and an SR signal for the KESR branch. A connection was also provided between KESR metals and the SR Up loop line on the London side of Headcorn station, the KESR's facilities consisting by now of two loops and a siding.
Following a decline in passenger and freight traffic, the KESR between Headcorn and Tenterden was closed to all traffic in 1954. Goods facilities were withdrawn from Headcorn in 1962, and the goods yard became a car park. The SER's original buildings however survived until 1988 when they were swept away by British Rail as part of a modernisation scheme. A new red-brick station building was officially opened on 11 May 1989 by Ann Widdecombe, then Maidstone's MP; shelters were provided for the platforms. In 1994, a new freight loop was built for Channel Tunnel freight services.
Services
All services at Headcorn are operated by Southeastern using EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
2 tph to London Charing Cross via
2 tph to of which 1 continues to
During the weekday peak hours, there are also services to and from London Cannon Street, and .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Headcorn station on "Subterranea Britannica"
Headcorn station on "Kent Rail"
Headcorn station in 1940, showing the K&ESR platform.
Borough of Maidstone
Disused railway stations in Kent
Former Kent and East Sussex Railway stations
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1842
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Pennard Castle is a ruined castle, near the modern village of Pennard on the Gower Peninsula, in south Wales. The castle was built in the early 12th century as a timber ringwork following the Norman invasion of Wales. The walls were rebuilt in stone by the Braose family at the turn of the 13th and 14th centuries, including a stone gatehouse. Soon afterwards, however, encroaching sand dunes caused the site to be abandoned and it fell into ruin. Restoration work was carried out during the course of the 20th century and the remains of the castle are now protected under UK law as a Grade II* listed building.
History
13th-14th centuries
The Normans began to make incursions into South Wales from the late-1060s onwards, pushing westwards from their bases in recently occupied England. Their advance was marked by the construction of castles and the creation of regional lordships. Pennard Castle was built at the start of the 12th century after Henry de Beaumont, the Earl of Warwick, conquered the Gower Peninsula and made Pennard one of his demesne manors.
The castle was constructed on a limestone spur, overlooking the mouth of the Pennard Pill stream and Three Cliffs Bay, and was protected to the north and west by surrounding cliffs. The fortification initially took the form of an oval-shaped ringwork, , with a defensive ditch and ramparts around the outside, and a timber hall in the centre. A local church, St Mary's, was built just to the east and a settlement grew up around the site; a rabbit warren was established in the nearby sand dunes. In the early 13th century, a simple stone hall, approximately , was built on the site of the older timber building, using red-purple sandstone with white limestone detailing.
Around the turn of the 13th and 14th centuries, while the castle was controlled by William and his son, also called William, the timber defences were replaced. A thin stone curtain wall, approximately tall with battlements, replaced the palisades, with the mural defences including a square tower on a rocky spur on the west side, and a circular tower on the north-west corner. A gatehouse was built as the new entrance, with two half-circular towers that possibly imitated those of regional castles such as Caerphilly; it was weakly defended by a portcullis and a handful of arrow loops. The new walls were built from a mixture of red sandstone rubble, probably quarried locally, and limestone dug from the castle site itself. The Braoses may have rebuilt Pennard as a replacement for their castle at nearby Penmaen which was abandoned at around the same time due to encroaching sand dunes.
16th-21st centuries
Pennard Castle also began to suffer from sand dune encroachment and the castle and its settlement were gradually abandoned. A survey in 1650 described the fortification as being "desolate and ruinous" and surrounded by sand. By 1741, the castle's south wall had mostly collapsed but the remainder of the castle was apparently still generally intact, although it had suffered further losses by 1795. It was a popular subject for engravings, sketches and paintings from the 18th century onwards, with the view of the ruins from the east proving particularly popular. By 1879, large cracks had appeared in the southern tower of the gatehouse, which led to its partial collapse.
By 1922, concerns had grown about the condition of the castle and discussions took place between the Penard Golf Club, who owned the site, the Royal Institution and the Cambrian Archaeological Association. A joint committee was formed to raise the funds for repairs to the stonework but the costs appear to have been excessive and instead the gatehouse was patched with concrete between 1923 and 1924. Much of the remaining southern wall collapsed at the beginning of 1960 and an archaeological survey was conducted between 1960 and 1961. Urgent masonry repairs were then carried out in 1963, paid for by a combination of the Ministry of Public Buildings and Works, the Gower Society, the golf club and a public appeal launched by local newspapers.
In the 21st century, the ruins of the gatehouse still survive, reaching up to the battlements on its east side, partially because it was built with very strong mortar. Parts of the curtain wall survive, mainly on the north and east sides, now around thick and averaging tall, along with the remains of the square mural tower. The ruins are protected under UK law as a grade II* listed building and a scheduled ancient monument.
See also
List of castles in Wales
Castles in Great Britain and Ireland
Notes
References
Bibliography
Castles in Swansea
Grade II* listed castles in Wales
Grade II* listed buildings in Swansea
Castle ruins in Wales
Ringwork castles
Grade II* listed ruins
Castle
Xplornet Communications Inc. is a Woodstock, New Brunswick-based rural internet service provider. It is the largest rural fixed wireless broadband service provider in Canada.
History
Xplornet was founded in 2004 under the name Barrett Enterprises.
In April 2012, Xplornet entered into a partnership with Shaw Communications to market bundles of its Shaw Direct satellite television service with Xplornet internet service.
In 2014, the company purchased capacity on ViaSat-2 and EchoStar XIX as part of a plan to expand its service area to all of Canada by 2017.
In January 2017, Xplornet acquired the Saskatoon-based competitor YourLink.
In November 2017, Xplornet acquired Manitoba-based fixed wireless provider Netset Communications. With the deal Xplornet retained the Netset brand and Netset continues to operate out of Brandon, Manitoba as a separate division of Xplornet.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Xplornet customers reported increased issues with connectivity speeds. According to Lis McWalter, a Carling, Ontario resident and chair of the West Parry Sound SMART Community Network, speeds are so slow that audio calls are impeded, and said “Even at the best of times we don't get the speed that's promised.”.
In June 2020, Xplornet announced its sale to New York private equity firm Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners. The sale did not include Xplore Mobile, which continued as a separate company before shutting down at the end of August 2022.
In September 2022, Xplornet rebranded as Xplore Inc.
Services
Xplornet provides fixed wireless internet access to remote areas through a combination of satellite internet as well as LTE and WiMAX fixed wireless networks. It owns part of the lifetime capacity of ViaSat-2 and is expanding its 4G network. These networks support approximately 400,000 subscribers, the largest number of rural Canadian subscribers of any company as of 2021.
As with other telecommunications companies, some Xplornet programs are funded in part by federal and provincial government grants.
Xplore Mobile
On February 16, 2017, Bell announced that as part of its acquisition of Manitoba Telecom Services (MTS), it would divest a portion of its wireless subscribers to Xplornet. The divestment is a condition of the deal intended to preserve the presence of four major wireless carriers in Manitoba post-merger (Bell also divested a larger portion of MTS's wireless subscribers to Telus). Xplornet would receive 24,700 MTS subscribers, as well as 6 retail locations, and wireless spectrum. Bell entered into agreements with Xplornet to provide tower access, roaming, and devices for a period of time while it establishes its new mobile network.
The new Xplore Mobile brand was announced August 1, 2018. The company claimed that its wireless services would be "built on the values of fairness, simplicity and transparency".
In July 2022, Xplornet announced that Xplore Mobile would end operations at the end of August 2022, citing it that had been impacted by "high roaming rates that significantly exceed retail prices", and regulatory delays in a new CRTC framework that would require the incumbent wireless carriers to sell wholesale access to their networks to new regional competitors for a period of time. Xplore Mobile's pricing was never competitive with that of Bell, Rogers, or Telus. Executive director of the Public Interest Advocacy Centre John Lawford argued that the divestment was not aggressive enough to make Xplore Mobile a viable competitor to the established incumbents, and that the company's failure demonstrated the federal government's lax attitude towards competition in Canada's wireless industry.
References
External links
Xplore Mobile official website
Xplornet Commercial Services
2004 establishments in New Brunswick
Canadian companies established in 2004
Communications in Manitoba
Internet service providers of Canada
Mobile phone companies of Canada
Telecommunication companies established in 2004
The women's 3000 metre relay at the 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships began on 11 March, and ended on 13 March at the Sheffield Arena.
The top eight teams from the World Cup season competed.
Results
Semifinals
Top 2 teams from each heat qualify the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
References
2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
Susan Bandecchi (born 1 July 1998) is a Swiss tennis player. She reached a career-high singles ranking of world No. 164 on 7 March 2022 and doubles ranking of world No. 141 on 11 July 2022.
Professional career
2013-2017: Professional debut
She started playing tennis at the age of five. Since 2013, she has played on the professional tour, mainly at ITF Circuit tournaments. In 2017, she won her first ITF doubles tournament in Caslano, Switzerland, partnering her compatriot Lisa Sabino.
2019-2020: WTA Tour debut
In November 2019, Bandecchi made her WTA Tour debut at the Taipei tournament, where she participated in both singles and doubles.
In 2020, Bandecchi won the ITF tournament in Lousada, Portugal, in singles, beating the Dutch player Arianne Hartono in the final. Together with Lara Salden from Belgium, she also won the doubles title in Lousada.
2021: First WTA title in doubles
She won her first doubles title at the 2021 Ladies Open Lausanne, partnering Simona Waltert.
Grand Slam singles performance timeline
WTA career finals
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
ITF finals
Singles: 9 (4 titles, 5 runner–ups)
Doubles: 5 (2 titles, 3 runner–ups)
Ranking history
Notes
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Swiss female tennis players
Errikos Briolas (; Athens, 19 October 1933 – 20 June 2018) was a Greek actor in theater, cinema, and television.
Briolas' family were motorists; Errikos followed the same profession and became a taxi driver until his second wife urged him to become an actor. He played in many Greek films roles, and due to his appearance and talent, became very popular. He later appeared in many theater performances. On television he starred in the series Ten Minutes (2000) and Time The Good (2004). From 1985 to 1990, he participated in 19 productions.
Briolas died on June 20, 2018 after a short hospital stay, during which he was particularly overworked.
References
1933 births
2018 deaths
Greek male film actors
Greek stage actors
Greek television actors
Male actors from Athens
In enzymology, a N-acylglucosamine 2-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
N-acyl-D-glucosamine N-acyl-D-mannosamine
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, N-acyl-D-glucosamine, and one product, N-acyl-D-mannosamine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is N-acyl-D-glucosamine 2-epimerase. Other names in common use include acylglucosamine 2-epimerase, and N-acetylglucosamine 2-epimerase. This enzyme participates in aminosugars metabolism. It employs one cofactor, ATP.
Structural studies
As of late 2019, three structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with the PDB accession codes , , and . They show that the N-acylglucosamine 2-epimerase monomer folds as a barrel composed of α-helices, in a manner known as (α/α)6-barrel. The structures are presented as dimers, with the structures from Sus scrofa and Anabaena sp. CH1 having a different organization than the structure from Nostoc sp. KJV10.
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
The 1934 Giro di Lombardia was the 30th edition of the race. It was held on October 21, 1934, competing over a total route of 245 km. It was won by the Italian Learco Guerra, reached the finish line with the time of 7h34 ' 00 "at an average of 32.378 km/h, preceding the countrymen Mario Cipriani and Domenico Piemontesi.
160 cyclists took off from Milan and 60 of them completed the race.
General classification
References
External links
Web oficial de la carrera ((in Italian))
El Sitio de Ciclismo
Resultados a Les-Sports.info
1934 in road cycling
Giro di Lombardia
1934 in Italian sport
Sleep-related hypermotor epilepsy (SHE), previously known as nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy, is a form of focal epilepsy characterized by seizures which arise during sleep. The seizures are most typically characterized by complex motor behaviors. It is a relatively uncommon form of epilepsy that constitutes approximately 9-13% of cases. This disorder is associated with cognitive impairment in at least half of patients as well as excessive daytime sleepiness due to poor sleep quality. This disorder is sometimes misdiagnosed as a non-epileptic sleep disorder. There are many potential causes of SHE including genetic, acquired injuries and structural abnormalities.
History
In 1981, Lugaresi and Cirignotta described a group of 5 patients with paroxysmal attacks of violent movements of the extremities and dystonic-tonic posturing. It was initially uncertain whether these events constituted seizures or something else. However, the patients had a good clinical response to the anti-seizure medication carbamazepine. Ultimately, the epileptic nature of this condition was confirmed with EEG and suggested that they were coming from the frontal lobe. The term “nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy” was suggested as a name for this condition. Later in 2014, a consensus conference recommended that the name be changed to sleep-related hypermotor epilepsy. There were three main justifications for this change: (1) not all seizures arise from the frontal lobe; (2) seizures do not necessarily occur during the night but rather from sleep; (3) hypermotor describes the most common visible clinical manifestation of the seizures.
Symptoms
Seizures in SHE is brief and usually have an abrupt onset and offset. The observable clinical manifestations may consist of rapid, hyperkinetic movements as well as tonic/dystonic posturing of the limbs. Other potential manifestations include brief arousals from sleep or wandering ambulatory behavior. Non-motor manifestations (such as sensory or emotional phenomenon) are common and retained awareness during seizures may occur. Seizures usually occur during non-REM sleep. The frequency of seizures can be very high and as many as dozens may occur every night which results in poor sleep quality. In addition, many patients with SHE suffers from cognitive impairment and have behavioral/psychological problems. There are many risks associated with nocturnal seizures including concussion, suffocation and sudden unexpected death (SUDEP).
Cause
Approximately 86% of SHE cases are sporadic, 14% of patients have a family history of epilepsy and 5% are inherited in an autosomal dominant manner (i.e. autosomal dominant sleep-related hypermotor epilepsy). Both genetic, structural and multifactorial etiologies can occur. In structural cases, the most common pathology is focal cortical dysplasia.
The first described mutation in SHE was found in genes coding for the neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. Since then multiple other genes have been identified including KCNT1, DEPDC5, NPRL2, NPRL3, PRIMA1, CABP4, CRH and others. In some cases, structural and genetic etiologies can coexist such as with mutations in DEPDC5.
Diagnosis
The condition may be difficult to diagnose and misdiagnosis is common. The subject may be unaware they have a seizure disorder. To others, the involuntary movements made during sleep may appear no different from those typical of normal sleep. People who have nocturnal seizures may notice unusual conditions upon awakening in the morning, such as a headache, having wet the bed, having bitten the tongue, a bone or joint injury, muscle strains or weakness, fatigue, or lightheadedness. Others may notice unusual mental behaviors consistent with the aftermath of a seizure. Objects near the bed may have been knocked to the floor, or the subject may be surprised to find themselves on the floor.
Diagnosis is based on clinical history but often EEG and/or polysomnography is required. In many patients the EEG can also be unhelpful as seizures may originate from deep in the brain. Polysomnography can be helpful distinguishing SHE from parasomnias as they often arise from different stages of sleep.
Treatment
Like other forms of epilepsy, SHE can be treated with anti-seizure medications. Adequate control of seizures occur in approximately two-thirds of patients with anti-seizure medications while approximately one-third of patients do not appropriately respond. The relative efficacy of different medications has not been systematically investigated. Historically, low-dose carbamazepine has been the preferred medication for SHE and is often considered to be first-line. Other anti-seizure medications which have been studied for the treatment of SHE and found to have efficacy include: oxcarbazepine, topiramate, lacosamide and perampanel. Epilepsy surgery can be efficacious in refractory patients. In addition, there have been reports of successfully treating SHE due to mutations in CHRNA4 with nicotine patches.
References
Sources
Epilepsy types
Sleep disorders
Stef Dusseldorp (born 27 September 1989 in Winterswijk, Gelderland) is a Dutch racing driver.
He started a career in formula cars in 2007, having competed in series such as Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup (5th in 2008) and the German Formula Three Championship (2nd in 2009, 4th in 2010).
Dusseldorp switched to the FIA GT1 World Championship for 2011, where he finished 7th driving an Aston Martin DBR9 for Hexis Racing together with Clivio Piccione, collecting a win and four podiums. In 2012, he and Frédéric Makowiecki collected five wins and resulted vice-champion, now driving a McLaren MP4-12C. The driver switched to the Blancpain Endurance Series for 2013, continuing as a Hexis driver.
Complete GT1 World Championship results
* Season still in progress.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Winterswijk
Sportspeople from Gelderland
Dutch racing drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
Italian Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
German Formula Three Championship drivers
FIA GT1 World Championship drivers
Blancpain Endurance Series drivers
24 Hours of Spa drivers
BMW M drivers
Van Amersfoort Racing drivers
Rowe Racing drivers
Schnitzer Motorsport drivers
Lotfabad (, also Romanized as Loţfābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 854, in 238 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
RNTD may refer to:
Royal Navy Torpedo Depot, see Royal Naval Armaments Depot
RosettaNet Technical Dictionary
Richard Southwell Bourke, 6th Earl of Mayo, (; ; 21 February 1822 – 8 February 1872) styled Lord Naas (; ) from 1842 to 1867 and Lord Mayo in India, was a British statesman and prominent member of the British Conservative Party who served as Chief Secretary for Ireland (1852, 1858–9, 1866–8) and Viceroy of India (1869–72).
Background and education
Mayo was born in Dublin, Ireland, the eldest son of Robert Bourke, 5th Earl of Mayo (the son of Hon. Richard Burke, Bishop of Waterford and Lismore), and his wife, Anne Charlotte, daughter of the Hon. John Jocelyn. His younger brother the Hon. Robert Bourke was also a successful politician. He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He and his brothers were accomplished horsemen and enjoyed fox hunting.
Political career
After travelling in Russia, Mayo was elected MP for Kildare (1847–52), Coleraine (1852–7) and Cockermouth (1857–68). He was thrice appointed Chief Secretary for Ireland – in 1852, 1858 and 1866 – and in 1869 he became the fourth Viceroy of India where he was locally often referred to as "Lord Mayo". He consolidated the frontiers of India and reorganised the country's finances; he also did much to promote irrigation, railways, forests and other useful public works. To solve local problems he established local boards. During his tenure the first census took place in 1872. He founded Mayo College at Ajmer for the education of young Indian chiefs, with £70,000 being subscribed by the chiefs themselves.
Assassination
While visiting the convict settlement at Port Blair in the Andaman Islands in 1872 for the purpose of inspection, he was assassinated by Sher Ali Afridi, a former British soldier who was later convicted of murdering a relative in a feud who had become disgruntled. He vowed to kill a senior official in revenge. Mayo's body was brought home to Ireland and buried at the medieval ruined church in Johnstown, County Kildare, near his home at Palmerstown House. Afridi was hanged on March 11, 1872.
Memorials
Lord Mayo March
The traditional Irish march "Lord Mayo" (Tiagharna Mhaighe-eo) was named after him; according to tradition, it was composed by his harper David Murphy to appease Mayo after Murphy angered him.
Papilio mayo Butterfly
In 1873, the newly discovered swallowtail butterfly Papilio mayo from the Andaman Islands was named in his honour.
St Paul's Cathedral
A Memorial to Lord Mayo is in the third recess of the South Wall at St Paul's Cathedral, London.
Statue in Cockermouth, Cumbria
On 19 August 1875, a statue of Lord Mayo was unveiled in the centre of the main street in the town of Cockermouth. The 800-guinea cost of the statue (made by Messrs. Willis of London) had been raised by public subscription. The unveiling was attended by Mayo's son, the 7th Earl; Lord Napier and Ettrick; Harvey Goodwin, Bishop of Carlisle; and the Earl of Lonsdale. The statue, carved in Sicilian marble, depicts Lord Mayo in his viceregal garb, and still stands today.
Mayo Hospital, Lahore, Pakistan
Mayo Hospital is one of the oldest and biggest hospitals in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. The hospital is named after then Viceroy of British India, "Richard Bourke, 6th Earl of Mayo" also locally known as Lord Mayo.
Statue at Albert Hall Museum, Jaipur, India
A statue of Lord Mayo had been installed in the premises of Mayo Hospital (currently known as the Mahilya Chikatsalya, Jaipur). The cast-iron statue, weighing around 3 tons, was ordered sculpted by the Maharaja Ram Singh ji of Jaipur, as a tribute to Lord Mayo after his assassination. The sculptors were J. Forsyth and R. Monti. The company's name as inscribed on the statue was R. Masefield & Co., London.
This statue of Lord Mayo had been buried in the premises of the Albert Hall Museum of Jaipur at the time of the independence of India in 1947 to prevent vandalism. After six decades, this statue was unearthed by the Jaipur Mayo Alumni Chapter on 29 May 2007. It was later removed from the Albert Hall Museum in Jaipur and sent to Mayo College, in Ajmer, India, where it is now installed.
Mayo College, Ajmer, India
Mayo College, Ajmer, India, was founded after the death of Lord Mayo in 1875. The College, named in honour of Lord Mayo, already had a full life-size statue of him sculpted in white marble installed in front of its famous main building since inception and a marble sculpted bust of him in its school museum. The College accepted the statue of Lord Mayo which was unearthed at Mayo Hospital, Jaipur in 2007.
Family
Lord Mayo married Blanche Julia, daughter of George Wyndham, 1st Baron Leconfield, in 1848. He was succeeded in the earldom by his eldest son, Dermot. Lady Mayo died in 1918.
Arms
See also
Mayo College, Ajmer, India
Mayo Hall, Allahabad, India
Mayo Hall, Bangalore, India
Mayo School of Arts, Lahore, British India
Viceroy of India
Mayo Hospital, Lahore, Pakistan
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Encyclopædia Britannica Article on Richard Southwell Bourke, 6th earl of Mayo
Obituary & Photo at the Mayo College, Ajmer, India website
External links
The assassination of Lord Mayo: The 'first' jihad?
Viceroys of India
1860s in British India
1870s in British India
Founders of Indian schools and colleges
1822 births
1872 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Assassinated British politicians
British people murdered abroad
Cumbria MPs
Irish Anglicans
Knights of St Patrick
Irish knights
Knights Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Londonderry constituencies (1801–1922)
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Kildare constituencies (1801–1922)
Politicians from County Dublin
People murdered in India
UK MPs 1847–1852
UK MPs 1852–1857
UK MPs 1857–1859
UK MPs 1859–1865
UK MPs 1865–1868
UK MPs who inherited peerages
Deaths by stabbing in India
Richard
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Chief Secretaries for Ireland
Earls of Mayo
1872 murders in India
Tote may refer to:
Places
Tote, Skye, a crofting township on the Isle of Skye
Container
Tote bag, a carry bag that is often used to carry items too large for a purse or handbag; sometimes also sold as a reusable shopping bag
IBC tote or intermediate bulk container tote
Organisations
The Tote, British bookmakers
Tote Ireland, a subsidiary of Horse Racing Ireland
Totes Isotoner or Totes, an international umbrella, footwear, and cold weather accessory supplier
TOTE Maritime, American shipping company
Tote Tasmania, Tasmanian totalisator and bookmakers
Other uses
Tote board, a large numeric or alphanumeric display used to convey information
Tote (Transformers), a fictional character
The Tote Hotel, a hotel, pub, bar and music venue in Melbourne, Australia
Action regulation theory (T. O. T. E. Test - Operate - Test - Exit), an iterative problem-solving strategy in psychology
Tote (footballer) (Jorge López Marco, born 1978), Spanish footballer
Parimutuel betting is sometimes known as a Tote
See also
Total
"Ol' Man River"
Stefano Dall'Acqua (born July 13, 1981) is an Italian former footballer who last played for Portomansuè in Promozione.
Career
Dall'Acqua made his debut for Derthona in Serie D. He was then transferred to Reggina, and was loaned to Lecco and Gela in January. In summer 2001, he was loaned to Pro Patria, also in Serie C2. In summer 2002, he moved to Cittadella in Serie C1.
He made his Serie A debut on August 30, 2003, Reggina 2–2 draw with Sampdoria.
He then signed for Treviso of Serie B. But after the club was promoted to Serie A, he never had a chance to play and was loaned to Calcio Catania, where he won promotion to Serie A again.
In the 2006–07 season, he was loaned to Foggia and Novara of Serie C1.
In the 2007–08 season, he played for Serie B newcomer Grosseto.
In July 2008, he played for Reggiana on loan.
In the 2009–10 season, he joined Serie C2 team Juve Stabia. On February 1, 2010 he left for Valle del Giovenco, who also signed forward Giuseppe Caccavallo and Maikol Negro a few weeks earlier. He started in the 2 relegation playoffs, partnered with Negro.
From 2010 to 2014, he played for Opitergina, Sacilese, Lentigione and Formigine.
In summer 2014, he moved to Atletico San Paolo Padova in Serie D. In September 2014, he transferred to Portomansuè in Promozione.
References
External links
La Gazzetta dello Sport Profile (2007–08 season)
Football.it Profiles
FIGC
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
A.S.D. HSL Derthona players
Reggina 1914 players
Calcio Lecco 1912 players
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 players
A.S. Cittadella players
A.C.D. Treviso players
Catania S.S.D. players
Calcio Foggia 1920 players
Novara F.C. players
F.C. Grosseto S.S.D. players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Association football forwards
People from Oderzo
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Treviso
Footballers from Veneto
The Catholic parish church of St. Johann Baptist is a Gothic hall church in Essen, dedicated to John the Baptist, which stands on Kettwiger Straße, the main street of Essen, in front of Essen Minster, to which it is connected. On account of its position and the fact that its spire towers over the Minster, visitors often mistake it for part of the Minster.
History and architecture
The church is descended from a chapel of St John the Baptist, which already belonged to Essen Abbey in the tenth century. According to the will of Abbess Theophanu who died in 1058, candles were to be burnt in her memory ad sanctum Iohannem, which appears to be the first mention of the church. The dedication of the church to John the Baptist suggests that it was originally a baptistry. The foundations of this original chapel were identified in archaeological excavations after the Second World War. In 1264, the Abbess Berta von Arnsberg promoted the chapel to the rank of a filial parish church of the Abbey. Subsequently, the church served as a meeting place for the canons who carried out those sacred rites which could only be performed by men for the women of the Abbey.
The church was rebuilt in 1471 as a gothic hall church and a rectangular east choir was added. From 1699 until 1768, baroque furnishings were added. These included choir stalls, side altars and a pulpit. The pulpit was replaced by one in the rococo style in 1769. The church was renovated and repainted in 1968.
The almost square groundplan of the building is divided into nine sections. The three aisled late Gothic nave has a square choir at one end, flanked by a southern side choir and a northern passageway containing the organ loft. The three bays of the west end of the nave are of equal size. A trapezoidal crossing space permits a wider choir bay at the east end. The central bay at the west end supports the tower, which is not visible from inside the church, since the mass of enormous, high-spired tower is distributed onto the pillars without variation in the height of the roof vaults.
Today the church serves as a place of worship and parish church for the Catholic community in Essen's inner city.
High altar of Barthel Bruyn the Elder
The baroque high altar of the church is of art historical significance. It was originally a side altar of Essen Abbey and features four altar tables made by Barthel Bruyn the Elder between 1522 and 1525 for the high altar of Essen Abbey. The paintings are masterpieces of the highest quality. They depict the life of Jesus. The tables are painted on both sides, with the crucifixion on the reverse of the nativity and the Descent from the Cross on the reverse of the Adoration of the Magi. Only two images are visible at a time. The descent from the cross is especially remarkable for the depiction of a Central European city in the background instead of Jerusalem. This city is the oldest image of the city of Essen.
Images of the altar
Bells
The church has three bells, which were all made in 1787 and were saved from the donation of bells to the war effort in 1917 because of their significance. In 1940 the bells were seized for the war effort, but they were not melted down. All three bells bear the inscription, Henricus et Everhardus Petit me fuderunt anno 1787 (Henry and Everhard Petit made me in the year 1787), which indicates that they are the work of the Petit & Gebr. Edelbrock bell foundry which still operates in Gescher to this day. The es2 bell has no other inscription, the as1 bell also reads St. Johannes Baptista and the c2 bell is inscribed St. Johannes Evangelista. From Abbey records is known that these bells cost a total of 1687 Reichsthaler 7 Stüber, of which 1173 Thaler 24 Stüber were paid in cash. The founders took the old bells in payment for the remainder. All the bells supplement the Minster's peal and are rung together.
Bibliography
Paul Clemen:Die Kunstdenkmäler der Stadt und des Kreises Essen (= Die Kunstdenkmäler der Rheinprovinz Vol. 2, 3). Schwann, Düsseldorf 1893, pp. 55–56 (Digitised).
References
External links
Roman Catholic churches in Essen
Gothic hall churches in Germany
William Steuart may refer to:
Scotland
William Steuart (British Army officer) (1643–1726), Scottish general
William Steuart (Scottish politician) (1686–1768), Scottish lawyer, member of parliament 1713–41
Maryland
William Frederick Steuart 1816–1889 (1816–1889), Confederate surgeon
William Steuart (Mayor of Baltimore) (1754–1838), mayor of Baltimore
William Steuart (planter) (1754–1838), Maryland planter
See also
Billy Steuart (born 1936), South African swimmer
William Stewart (disambiguation)
William Stuart (disambiguation)
Senator Esty may refer to:
Constantine C. Esty (1824–1912), Massachusetts State Senate
Donald Esty Jr. (fl. 1980s–2010s), Maine State Senate
Edward S. Esty (1824–1890), New York State Senate
Taliaferro County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,559, down from the 2010 census when the population was 1,717, making it the least populous county in Georgia and the second-least populous county east of the Mississippi River (after Issaquena County, Mississippi). The county seat is Crawfordville.
History
Taliaferro County was formed by an act of the Georgia Legislature meeting in Milledgeville on December 24, 1825. It was formed by taking portions of five other counties: Wilkes, Greene, Hancock, Oglethorpe, and Warren Counties.
The county was named for Colonel Benjamin Taliaferro of Virginia, who was an officer in the American Revolution.
The county is most famous for containing the birthplace and home of Alexander H. Stephens, who served as a U.S. congressman from Georgia in the antebellum South, as vice president of the Confederate States of America during the Civil War, and as governor of Georgia after the war (dying in office). A state park near his home in Crawfordville bears his name.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water. It is drained by tributaries of the Ogeechee and Little rivers.
The northern half of Taliaferro County, north of Crawfordville, is located in the Little River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin. The southern half of the county is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 278
State Route 12
State Route 22
State Route 44
State Route 47
State Route 402 (unsigned designation for I-20)
Adjacent counties
Wilkes County - north
Oglethorpe County - north
Warren County - southeast
Hancock County - south
Greene County - west
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 1,559 people, 593 households, and 399 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 1,717 people, 759 households, and 480 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,015 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 59.6% black or African American, 37.3% white, 0.6% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.9% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.0% of the population.
Of the 759 households, 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were married couples living together, 22.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.8% were non-families, and 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.83. The median age was 45.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,188 and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $29,435 versus $20,227 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,955. About 30.1% of families and 34.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 60.6% of those under age 18 and 24.9% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,077 people, 870 households, and 559 families living in the county. The population density was 11 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 1,085 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 60.33% Black or African American, 38.18% White, 0.05% Native American, 0.05% Asian, 0.67% from other races, and 0.72% from two or more races. 0.91% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 870 households, out of which 26.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.30% were married couples living together, 20.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.70% were non-families. 33.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.10% under the age of 18, 7.60% from 18 to 24, 24.60% from 25 to 44, 24.80% from 45 to 64, and 18.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 93.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $27,800. Males had a median income of $26,380 versus $21,534 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,498. About 22.30% of families and 23.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.30% of those under age 18 and 23.40% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Crawfordville (county seat)
Sharon
Economy
Taliaferro county's main employer is the government, primarily the Taliaferro County Sheriffs Department, which patrols I-20 and issues many traffic tickets per capita compared to other counties in the state. For instance, Fulton County, the largest county by population in Georgia, gains $16.98 per capita in traffic ticket revenue. By comparison, Taliaferro county gains $1,614.33 per capita, which is around a hundred times more.
Notable people
Romulus Moore
Maude Andrews Ohl (1862–1943), journalist, poet, novelist
Alexander H. Stephens
In popular culture
Several Hollywood films have been shot in Taliaferro County. Paris Trout (1991), starring Dennis Hopper and based on the novel by the same name by Pete Dexter, was primarily filmed in the county. Sweet Home Alabama (2002), starring Reese Witherspoon, was filmed in the county seat of Crawfordville.
Politics
See also
Central Savannah River Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taliaferro County, Georgia
References
External links
Official website
Georgia Historical Markers in Taliaferro County
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1825 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1825
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Achamindri () is a 2016 Indian Tamil language action thriller film directed by Ennamo Nadakkudhu fame Rajapandi. It stars Vijay Vasanth, Samuthirakani, Srushti Dange, Vidya Pradeep, Saranya Ponvannan, and Radha Ravi. The dialogues are written by G.Radhakrishnan. The music has been composed by Premgi Amaren. This movie mostly includes the cast and crew from the director's previous film Ennamo Nadakkudhu which was released in 2014 to generally positive reviews. The movie was Produced by V Vinoth Kumar.
Plot
A pickpocket named Sakthi (Vijay Vasanth) is attracted to Malarvizhi (Srushti Dange), a middle-class girl. A straightforward cop named Sathya (Samuthirakani) is about to marry his childhood sweetheart Shruti (Vidya Pradeep). Their lives turn topsy-turvy on the same day - Sakthi is chased by goons for picking the pocket of a gangster; Malar is threatened by the education minister's PA, Kathir (Jayakumar), for filing for a reevaluation on behalf of her maid's daughter; and Sathya is attacked by his own friend and cop Saravanan (Bharath Reddy), as he starts digging into Shruti's death. The movie ends with how Sakthi and Sathya solve the crime.
Cast
Vijay Vasanth as Sakthi
Samuthirakani as Inspector Sathya
Srushti Dange as Malarvizhi
Vidya Pradeep as Shruthi
Saranya Ponvannan as Rajalakshmi
Radha Ravi as Education Minister Karikalan
Bharath Reddy as AC Saravanan
Jayakumar as Kathir, Minister's PA
Thalaivasal Vijay as Collector
Rohini as Lawyer Tamizh Selvi
Karunas as Pattu, Sakthi's friend
Devadarshini as Chellam, Sakthi's sister
Shanmugasundaram as Varaprasadam (Pattu's father)
Ashwin as Thirumaal
Krithik Mohan
Production
Soon after the release of successful Tamil film, Ennamo Nadakkudhu, Producer V Vinoth Kuar and Director P Rajapandi decided to work together in one more movie. Like his first film, Ennamo Nadakkudhu, Rajapandi's Achamindri is also a genre film — if the previous one was a thriller involving money laundering, this one is centered on an education racket.
Pre Production began in September 2014 . Shrushti Dange was cast as Heroine opposite to Vijay Vasanth. Samuthirakani and Saranya Ponvannan were cast in important roles. Later Radha Ravi was also included for a pivotal role. Pooja of the movie was held in Triple V Records office, helmed by Vasanth & Co founder Mr H Vasanthakumar. Principal shooting began on 10 March 2015 . A superbly choreographed action sequence involving Vijay Vasanth and Samuthirakani was shot at Marg mall. The 1st scheduled was majorly shot in Chennai. Scenes involving Vijay Vasanth & Shrushti Dange were shot in this schedule. Combination scenes of Saranya Ponvannan and Radha Ravi were canned in this schedule. The schedule lasted for 20 days. The major chunk of the movie was shot in this schedule.
A song featuring Vidya Pradeep was shot in Pollachi. A dance number featuring the lead pair Vijay Vasanth and Srushti Dange was shot in the lush green locations of Pollachi.
The entire movie was wrapped up in 52 days with some minor patch work left.
Soundtrack
Music was composed by Premji Amaren and Released on Triple V Records.
Reception
Achamindri opened to mostly positive reviews from critics.
Sify Movies gave an Above Average verdict and stated, Achamindri is an above average commercial entertainer highlighting the irregularities in our educational system.
Indiaglitz in its review stated Achamindri can be watched for its message about Education system conveyed with the right impact, the suspenseful narration that keeps us guessing and a genuine twist.
The Times of India gave 3 out of 5 stars. TOI stated that The climax is built chiefly on the strength of the dialogues, and G Radhakrishnan's lines, though they make arguments that we have heard before (like the government running liquor shops instead of schools), are both hard-hitting and crowd-pleasing that we cannot help but cheer.
Galatta in its review stated that ACHAMINDRI is a decent entertainer with a social message.
Dinamalar in its review stated that Achamindri is a must-watch for Students, parents and Educational Institutions.
The Hindu gave negative feedback (1 of 5 stars) for the movie, criticizing the screenplay.
References
External links
2016 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian action drama films
Films about the education system in India
Films shot in Chennai
Films shot in Pollachi
2016 action drama films
Films scored by Premgi Amaren
The Rickman House is an apartment building located at 345 North Burdick in Kalamazoo, Michigan. It was formerly a hotel known as the Rickman Hotel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
History
George Rickman, Sr. arrived in Kalamazoo in 1872 to be the superintendent of construction at the Kalamazoo State Hospital. IN 1884, he formed his own company known as Rickman & Sons, which specialized in the construction of houses. Four of Rickman's seven sons eventually joined him, an in 1900 the firm's name was changed to Rickman Brothers, presumably due to the death of Rickman senior. In 1905, the firm purchased this plot of land directly across the street from the Michigan Central Railroad Station with the intention of constructing a hotel. In 1907, they hired Jackson, Michigan architect Claire Allen to design the building, and began construction of the hotel. Construction lasted 12 months, and the hotel opened in May 1908.
The Rickman Brothers firm owned the hotel for only two years, until 1910, when they declared bankruptcy. After that time, the facility was operated as a hotel under multiple owners and managers. However, as the passenger railroad business slowly died, the building's location became less optimal for use as a hotel. In the 1960s the Rickman Hotel was renamed and converted into a senior citizen's residence. It was then used as a residence for single adults. The building was renovated in the 1980s and renamed the Rickman House. Another major interior renovation was completed in 2012.
Description
The Rickman House is an eight-story rectangular, steel-frame, Neoclassical former hotel building. It occupies a corner lot, and has two major facades on Kalamazoo Avenue and Burdick. Each primary facade has a tripartite composition, consisting of a two-story rusticated limestone base, a five-story glazed white brick mid-section with corner quoins and square-head double-hung windows, and an attic story with square-head windows sandwiched between two metal cornices. The base section contains two-story window bays with segmental-arched head separated by rusticated piers supporting a dentiled cornice.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Kalamazoo County, Michigan
Neoclassical architecture in Michigan
Houses completed in 1908
The 2008 Asian Junior Badminton Championships were held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from 13–20 July.
Medalists
Medal table
External links
Team Event at Tournamentsoftware.com
Individual Event at Tournamentsoftware.com
Badminton Asia Junior Championships
Asian Junior Badminton Championships
Asian Junior Badminton Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Malaysia
2008 in youth sport
FlyBack is an open-source backup utility for Linux based on Git and modeled loosely after Apple's Time Machine.
Overview
FlyBack creates incremental backups of files, which can be restored at a later date. FlyBack presents a chronological view of a file system, allowing individual files or directories to be previewed or retrieved one at a time. Flyback was originally based on rsync when the project began in 2007, but in October 2009 it was rewritten from scratch using Git.
User interface
FlyBack presents the user with a typical file-manager style view of their file system, but with additional controls allowing the user to go forward or backward in time. It shows to the user files that exist, do not exist or have changed since the last version, and allows them to preview them before deciding to restore or ignore them.
User settings
FlyBack has very few settings in its preferences:
The backup location
Inclusion list (files or folders)
Exclusion list (files or folders)
When to automatically start a backup
When to automatically delete old backups
Further, the FlyBack UI allows users to:
Commence a backup, and
restore all or selected files.
Requirements
FlyBack is written in Python using GTK. These libraries, as well as the program Git, should be installed for the software to function properly.
See also
List of backup software
Revision control
Versioning file system
References
External links
Free software programmed in Python
Free backup software
Backup software for Linux
Software that uses GTK
In some versions of the Māori legend of Tāwhaki, Ngā Atua is the sixth of the twelve layers of the heavens (Craig 1989:183, White 1887–1891, I:App).
References
R. D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989),183;
J. White, Ancient History of the Maori, 6 vols. (G. Disbury: Wellington, 1887–1891), vol. I, App.
Māori mythology
R. Sundaramoorthy is an Indian make-up artist and actor known for his work in Hindi and Tamil films. He is best known for his work in the film Padayappa (1999). Sundaramoorthy is notably the first make-up artist for Rajinikanth.
Career
Sundaramoorthy began his career as an assistant to his father, A. V. Ramachandran Mudaliar s/o A.Venugopal Mudaliar (Chennai) . He worked as a make-up artist for several artists including Kamal Haasan, Rajinikanth, Saritha, Thiagarajan, Murali, and J. P. Chandrababu. Sundaramoorthy has worked with Rajinikanth since the beginning of the latter's career starting with Apoorva Raagangal. He continued working with Rajinikanth for his 100th film Sri Raghavendrar and went on to win the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Make-up Artist for his work in Padayappa. Sundaramoorthy continued working with Rajinikanth until Chandramukhi (2005).
Filmography
Make-up artist
Sadhu Mirandal (1966; assistant)
Madras to Pondicherry (1966; assistant)
Thamarai Nenjam (1968)
Poova Thalaiya (1969)
Shanti Nilayam (1969)
Iru Kodugal (1969)
Velli Vizha (1972)
Apoorva Raagangal (1975)
Moondru Mudichu (1976)
Avargal (1977)
Ek Duuje Ke Liye (1981)
Sanam Teri Kasam (1982)
Sagara Sangamam (1983)
Ek Nai Paheli (1984)
Bombay (1995)
Dil Se.. (1998)
Padayappa (1999)
Chandramukhi (2005)
Actor
Films
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Indian make-up artists
Actors in Tamil cinema
Actors in Kannada cinema
Temple Beth Israel () is a Reform synagogue located at One Bowman Street in Plattsburgh, New York. Established in 1861, it served Plattsburgh's Jewish population and itinerant Jewish tradesmen in the region. After worshiping in temporary locations, the congregation acquired its first permanent home on Oak Street in 1866. Beth Israel adopted Reform services in 1910, and joined the Union for Reform Judaism in 1913.
The current building at 1 Bowman Street was completed in 1971, and houses a number of notable works of art by Marc Chagall, Ben Shahn and Frank Eliscu. Eric Slaton served as rabbi from 1985 to 1988, and Carla Freedman from 1990 to 1997;Freedman was the first Canadian woman to become a rabbi, and the first woman ordained at Hebrew Union College to become a grandmother. Freedman was followed as rabbi by David Steinberg (1999–2005), Heidi Waldmann (2005-2008), Andrew Goodman (2008–2010), Emma Gottlieb (2010–2012), Kari Tuling (2012–2017), and David Kominsky.
Temple Beth Israel is the only synagogue in New York State north of Glens Falls that has a full-time rabbi. , Kominsky was the synagogue's rabbi.
Early history
Temple Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue currently located at One Bowman Street in Plattsburgh, New York. It was established in 1861, as "The Jewish Congregation of Plattsburgh", serving Plattsburgh's Jewish population and the itinerant Jewish tradesmen in the region. Plattsburgh's Jewish community was the oldest in the Adirondack Mountains, having been founded in the 1840s by Jewish peddlers from western Vermont and northern New York. These traveling salesmen would come into Plattsburgh for High Holy Days and occasional Sabbath services.
The congregation initially worshipped in temporary locations. They soon had a rabbi, and in 1862, they acquired a cemetery. In the ensuing decades, congregations in less well-established nearby Jewish communities, such as the one Burlington, Vermont, would send their dead to Beth Israel's cemetery to be buried. In 1866 the members acquired their first permanent location, the former First Universalist Church on Oak Street.
Plattsburgh's Jewish community grew after 1880 as a result of Jewish immigration from Eastern Europe. By 1907, Plattsburgh's Jewish population was around 125. The congregation, then still located on Oak Street, had 25 member families, and an annual income of $900 (today $). Jacob Lubin served as both rabbi and cantor, and services were held on the Sabbath and the Jewish holidays. The congregational school met twice a week, and had twelve students and one teacher. The congregation adopted Reform services in 1910, and joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now Union for Reform Judaism) in 1913.
Move to Bowman Street
The current building at One Bowman Street was completed in 1971, and includes a sanctuary, school, social hall, and library. It houses a number of notable works of art, including Marc Chagall's tapestry "King David", Ben Shahn's silk tapestry "The Menorah", and the bronze sculpture "Remembering the Six A Million" by Frank Eliscu, who also designed the Heisman Trophy. The building also houses a cut and painted butcher paper decoration by Jacob Hochfelder, who was Beth Israel's cantor and spiritual leader in the late 1880s and early 1890s. Designed for the east wall of the synagogue sanctuary, it is inscribed with the biblical verse fragment "I am ever mindful of the Lord's presence" (), and was created in 1887–1889.
Fred V. Davidow, a 1973 graduate of Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, was Beth Israel's rabbi in the mid-1970s. Yossi Liebowitz was rabbi in the early 1980s. During his tenure, he appeared on a Plattsburgh public-broadcast program called "The Religion Factor" with a Presbyterian minister and Catholic priest. He left Beth Israel in 1984.
Minneapolis-born Eric R. Slaton became rabbi in 1985. Ordained by Hebrew Union College that year, he had served as a student rabbi at Cincinnati's Congregation B'nai Tzedek before joining Temple Beth Israel upon ordination. While at Beth Israel, he was also chaplain of Clinton Correctional Facility and Plattsburgh Air Force Base. Slaton served as rabbi for three years, before becoming rabbi of Ohavay Zion Synagogue in Lexington, Kentucky.
Carla Freedman became the congregation's rabbi in 1990. A native of Winnipeg with a master's degree in educational psychology from the University of Manitoba, she was ordained at Hebrew Union College that year, the first Canadian woman to become a rabbi. She was also the first woman ordained at Hebrew Union College to become a grandmother. She served until 1997, moving to the Jewish Family Congregation of South Salem, New York.
Events since 1999
In 1999, David Steinberg became rabbi. A graduate of Harvard Law School, he had practised as a lawyer for four years before studying and being ordained as a rabbi at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College. While at Beth Israel, he was active in interfaith activities, and served as the president of the Interfaith Council of Plattsburgh and Clinton County in 2004 and 2005. That year he left Beth Israel to marry Peter Blackmer of Vermont, and become the associate rabbi of the Ohavi Zedek Synagogue of Burlington, Vermont.
Heidi Waldmann, also ordained at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College, served as rabbi from 2005 to 2008. Andrew Goodman joined as rabbi that year, his first pulpit. He left in June 2010, to pursue studies at Virginia Commonwealth University. He was succeeded by Emma Gottlieb, a May 2010 graduate of Hebrew Union College in New York City.
As with her predecessor, Beth Israel was Gottlieb's first pulpit, though she had previously done a two-year internship at a synagogue in Rye, New York. Her father, Daniel Gottlieb, was also a rabbi. Though the younger Rabbi Gottlieb was supposed to start at Beth Israel on July 1, she was delayed in taking up the role because she was a native of Toronto, Canada. Recent regulatory changes made the application process for foreign clergy to work in the United States lengthy, and she wasn't able to enter the country until mid-August. Gottlieb served as rabbi until 2012.
In July 2012, Kari Tuling became Beth Israel's spiritual leader. Ordained at Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati in 2004, Ohio she previously served congregations in Indiana and Ohio taught at the University of Cincinnati for five years.
Temple Beth Israel is the only synagogue in New York State north of Glens Falls that has a full-time rabbi. , Kominsky was the synagogue's rabbi.
Notes
References
Temple Beth Israel website.
1861 establishments in New York (state)
19th-century synagogues
Reform synagogues in New York (state)
Religious buildings and structures in Clinton County, New York
Religious organizations established in 1861
Synagogues completed in 1971
Synagogues in Upstate New York
Tom Gladdis (born 24 February 1991 on the Isle of Wight) is a racing driver, currently competing in the FIA Formula Two Championship.
Career
Formula BMW
Gladdis made his circuit racing debut in the Formula BMW UK series in 2007, after being one of five drivers selected for a scholarship. Competing for Nexa Racing, Gladdis ended up fourteenth in the championship, in its final season before being merged into Formula BMW Europe, with a solitary top ten finish at Snetterton. Gladdis also competed in two rounds of the Formula BMW ADAC series for Team Zinner at Hockenheim, amassing eight points to finish 32nd in the championship, and sixteenth out of all rookies. He also competed in the pan-Asian series for Ao's Racing Team, as a team-mate to Sebastián Saavedra. To round off his season, he competed in the World Final in Valencia for Master Motorsport, finishing 23rd.
Star Mazda
After testing for Andersen Racing in late 2007, Gladdis signed for the team to contest the Star Mazda Championship for 2008. Gladdis finished sixth in the championship standings, amassing three fastest laps, two pole positions and a win at Portland International Raceway. He also finished second in the Portland double-header, and finished third at Mosport International Raceway.
Formula Two
2009 saw Gladdis move up to the FIA Formula Two Championship, driving car number 24. A sixth at Spa, and an eighth at Brno were Gladdis' only points-scoring races, eventually finishing 20th in the championship. Competing in only the two British and Czech rounds in the 2010, Gladdis achieved second place in the second Brands Hatch race; combined with a fifth place in the first race he scored 28 points, finishing 15th in the championship.
Racing record
Career summary
† As Gladdis was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.
Star Mazda Championship
Complete FIA Formula Two Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Isle of Wight
British people of Gibraltarian descent
English racing drivers
Formula BMW ADAC drivers
Formula BMW UK drivers
Indy Pro 2000 Championship drivers
FIA Formula Two Championship drivers
MRF Challenge Formula 2000 Championship drivers
Formula BMW Asia drivers
Fluid Motorsport Development drivers
The San Gabriel Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California at the close of each year (though on occasion it is run in very early January). The Grade II race is open to horses, age three and up, willing to race one and one-eighth miles on the turf and offers a current purse of $201,000.
First run in 1935, it was contested on dirt through 1954. Since inception, the San Gabriel Handicap has been contested under various conditions and distances:
3 furlongs : 1935, 1937, 1938, for two-year-olds
6 furlongs : 1945–1946, for three-year-olds
7 furlongs : 1952–1954, as the San Gabriel Stakes for three-year-olds
9 furlongs : 1960–present
10 furlongs ( miles) : 1955–1959.
The race has been contested twice in six of its years: in January and then again in December 1973, 1980, 1988, 1997, 2001, and 2006. It was run in two divisions in 1984.
The race was transferred to the dirt track in 1972, 1974, 1977, 1978, 1987, December 1988, 2005 and 2008.
There was no race in 1936, 1939–1944, 1947–1951, 1970, 1976, 1982, 1991, 1999 and 2004.
Records
Speed record: (at current distance of miles)
1:46.20 – Wretham (1989)
Most wins:
3 – Jeranimo (2010,2013, 2014)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – Neil S. McCarthy (1938, 1956)
2 – Andrew J. Crevolin (1953, 1954)
2 – Mary F. Jones-Bradley (1971, 1977)
2 – Linneo Eduardo de Paula Machado (1995, 1996)
2 – Sidney H. Craig (1998, 2000)
2 – Maktoum al Maktoum (2001, Jan & Dec)
3 – B. J. Wright (2010,2013, 2014)
Most wins by a jockey:
5 – Gary Stevens (1988, 1990, 1993, 1997, 2001)
6 – Rafael Bejarano (2008, 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2014)
Most wins by a trainer:
7 – Charles Whittingham (1957, 1966, 1971, 1977, 1984, 1985, 1997)
Winners
References
The December 28, 2008 San Gabriel Handicap at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Turf races in the United States
Open mile category horse races
Recurring sporting events established in 1935
A war dance is a dance involving mock combat, usually in reference to tribal warrior societies where such dances were performed as a ritual connected with endemic warfare.
Martial arts in various cultures can be performed in dance-like settings for various reasons, such as for evoking ferocity in preparation for battle or showing off skill in a more stylized manner. It could also be for celebration of valor and conquest. Many such martial arts incorporate music, especially strong percussive rhythms.
War dances
Examples of war dances include:
Aduk-Aduk – Brunei
Ardah – Arabian Peninsula, Kuwait
Ayyalah – Arabian Peninsula
Baris – Bali, Indonesia
Bende War Dance – Nigeria
Buza – Russia
Blood walk – Bloods of United States
Cakalele – Maluku, Indonesia
Capoeira, as well as some similar Afro-Caribbean arts
Cibi – Fiji
Crip Walk – Crips of United States
Dirk dance and Scottish sword dances – Scotland
European sword dance or weapon dance of various kinds
Haka – Māori people of New Zealand
Hako (Rapa Nui) – Easter Island
Hopak – Ukraine
Hula & Kapu Kuialua – Native Hawaiians
Indlamu – Zulu people
Juego de maní – Cuba
Kabasaran – Minahasan people, North Sulawesi, Indonesia
Kailao – Wallis, adopted by Tonga
Khattak – Afghanistan and Pakistan
Khorumi (ხორუმი) – Georgia
Ohafia War Dance – Eastern Nigeria
Panther Dance – Burmese Bando with swords (dha)
Pentozali – Crete
Pyrrhichios – Greece
Razfah – Oman and the United Arab Emirates
Reggada – Morocco
Sagayan – Philippines
Siva Tau – Samoan war dance
Tahtib – Egypt
Takalo - Niue
Yarkhushta (Յարխուշտա) – Armenia
Yowlah – Oman and the United Arab Emirates
See also
References
Dance
Group dances
The Chadwick Beach cotton mouse (Peromyscus gossypinus restrictus) is a presumed extinct subspecies of the cotton mouse (Peromyscus gossypinus). It was confined to a small area on the Manasota Key peninsula in Florida.
Description
It was smaller and paler than the nominate race. The total length was 172 mm, the tail length 72.5 mm, the hind foot length 22.3 mm, the ear length 22.3 mm, and largest skull length was 27.6 mm. The zygomatic breadth was 13.9 mm, the preorbital breadth was 4.4 mm, the nasal length was 10.9 mm, and the length of the teeth in the maxilla was 3.9 mm. The upper parts were pink cinnamon, with a rufous hue in the middle of the back. The under parts were white with a pale pink buff wash on the chest. The tail was brown above and buff below. The dorsal stripe in the middle of the back was smaller than in the nominate race.
Distribution
The mouse was primarily found in the Chadwick Beach area at Englewood in Sarasota County and Englewood Beach in the southern part of Englewood, Florida, in Charlotte County.
Habitat and ecology
It preferred maritime forests with closed canopies. Characteristic trees of these forests are Sabal palmetto, Quercus virginiana, and Juniperus virginiana var. silicicola. It was also found on sand dunes where sea oats (Uniola paniculata), a high growing grass species, is the dominant vegetation. Like the nominate race, the Chadwick Beach cotton mouse was nocturnal. The ecology of this subspecies is not studied.
Extinction
It is only known by 15 specimens collected by Luther C. Goldman in March 1938. It is now presumed extinct after extensive surveys in 1984, 1985, 1988, and 1989 failed to find this mouse again. Causes for its disappearance might have been the deforestation of the maritime forests in the southernmost part of Sarasota County, as well as predation by feral cats.
References
Stephen R. Humphrey (Edit.): Rare and Endangered Biota of Florida. Volume 1. Mammals. University Press of Florida, Gainesville, 1992.
Arthur H. Howell: Descriptions of Five New Mammals from Florida. Journal of Mammalogy, Vol. 20, No. 3 (Aug., 1939). American Society of Mammalogists: p 363-365
External links
NatureServe Report
Chadwick Beach Cotton Mouse Survey
Peromyscus
Extinct rodents
Species made extinct by human activities
Rodent extinctions since 1500
1938 in the environment
Mammals described in 1939
Taxa named by Arthur H. Howell
Marie François Oscar Bardi de Fourtou (3 January 1836 – 6 December 1897) was a French politician. Born into a bourgeois family, he served as Minister of Transport from 7 December 1872 to 18 May 1873. He also served as Minister of Interior and Minister of Public Instruction, in which he "carried out aggressively conservative policies by dismissing certain liberal professors and re-establishing censorship."
Biography
There he proved a useful adherent to Thiers, who made him minister of public works in December 1872. He was minister of religion in the cabinet of May 18–24, 1873, being the only member of the Right included by Thiers in that short-lived ministry. As minister of education, religion and the fine arts in the reconstructed cabinet of the duc de Broglie he had used his administrative powers to further clerical ends, and as minister of the interior in de Broglie's cabinet in 1877 he resumed the administrative methods of the Second French Empire. With a well-known Bonapartist, Baron R. C. F. Reille, as his secretary, he replaced republican functionaries by Bonapartist partisans, reserving a few places for the Legitimists. In the general elections of that year he used the whole weight of officialdom to secure a majority for the Right, to support a clerical and reactionary programme.
He accompanied Marshal MacMahon in his tour through southern France, and the presidential manifesto of September, stating that the president would rely solely on the Senate should the elections prove unfavourable, was generally attributed to Fourtou. In spite of these efforts the cabinet fell, and a commission was appointed to inquire into their unconstitutional abuse of power. Fourtou was unseated in consequence of the revelations made in the report of the commission. In the Chamber of Deputies Gambetta gave the lie direct to Fourtou's allegation that the republican party opposed every republican principle that was not antiquated.
In November 1878, Fourtou participated in the most laughable duel ever fought with [Léon Gambetta] at Plessis-Picquet. Both duelers were accompanied by their seconds and surgeons. A thick French November fog consumed the field so much that it obscured a hand held to a face. The duel required thirty-five paces between the two men. Besides the fog, Fourtou is reported to have said "Monsieur Gambetta has but one eye, and I am short-sighted; so the game will be about even." It was rendered additionally even with the dense fog. The danger of the duel no longer fell to the duelists, but the spectators and doctors. Miraculously the two bullets that were exchanged missed all persons in attendance. With Fourtou and Gambetta's honor satisfied, the two parties went home.
A duel was fought in consequence, but neither party was injured. He was re-elected to the chamber in 1879 and entered the Senate the next year. Failing to secure re-election to the Senate in 1885 he again entered the popular chamber as Legitimist candidate in 1889, but he took no further active part in politics. He died in Paris in 1897 of tuberculosis.
His works include Histoire de Louis XVI (1840); Histoire de Saint Pie V (1845); Mme Swetchine, sa vie et ses œuvres (2 vols., 1859); La Question italienne (1860); De la centre-revolution (1876); and Mémoires d'un royaliste (2 vols., 1888).
References
1836 births
1897 deaths
People from Dordogne
Bonapartists
Transport ministers of France
French interior ministers
Members of the National Assembly (1871)
Members of the 1st Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 2nd Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 5th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
French Senators of the Third Republic
Senators of Dordogne
Go West, Man! is the second studio album by Quincy Jones. It was released in 1957 by ABC Records.
Track listing
"Dancin' Pants" (Jimmy Giuffre) – 3:50
"Blues Day" (Giuffre) – 4:40
"Bright Moon" (Giuffre) – 5:20
"No Bones at All" (Johnny Mandel) – 3:58
"The Oom Is Blues" (Charlie Mariano) – 5:10
"Be My Guest" (Lennie Niehaus) – 4:29
Medley: "What's New?" - Bill Perkins solo (Bob Haggart, Johnny Burke) / "We'll Be Together Again" - Pepper Adams solo (Carl Fischer, Frankie Laine) / "Time on My Hands" - Buddy Collette solo (Vincent Youmans); / "You Go to My Head" - Carl Perkins solo (J. Fred Coots, Haven Gillespie); / "Laura" - Walter Benton solo (David Raksin / Johnny Mercer) – 6:17
"London Derriere" (Johnny Mandel) – 4:06
"Kings Road Blues" (Lennie Niehaus) – 5:06
Personnel
Quincy Jones – conductor
Conte Candoli (2, 4, 8) – trumpet
Pete Candoli (2, 4, 8) – trumpet
Harry Edison (2, 4, 8) – trumpet
Jack Sheldon (2, 4, 8) – trumpet
Benny Carter (1, 6, 9) – alto saxophone
Herb Geller (1, 6, 9) – alto saxophone
Charlie Mariano (1, 6, 9) – alto saxophone
Art Pepper (1, 6, 9) – alto saxophone
Pepper Adams (3, 5, 7) – baritone saxophone
Walter Benton (3, 5, 7) – tenor saxophone
Buddy Collette (3, 5, 7) – tenor saxophone
Bill Perkins (3, 5, 7) – tenor saxophone
Lou Levy (1, 6, 9) – piano
Carl Perkins (2-5, 7-8) – piano
Red Mitchell (1, 6, 9) – bass
Leroy Vinnegar (2–5, 7–8) – bass
Shelly Manne (1, 3, 5–7, 9) – drums
Mel Lewis (2, 4, 8) – drums
References
1957 albums
Quincy Jones albums
Albums produced by Quincy Jones
Mercury Records albums
Albums conducted by Quincy Jones
ABC Records albums
Albums arranged by Quincy Jones
Vovos is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Armodios Vovos (born 1964), Greek businessman
Babis Vovos, Greek businessman, father of Armodios
Greek-language surnames
Georgianna Lincoln (born February 22, 1943) is an American politician and businesswoman.
Born in Fairbanks, Alaska Territory, Lincoln graduated from Lathrop High School in Fairbanks, Alaska in 1960. She also went to University of Alaska Fairbanks. She lived in Fairbanks and in the village of Rampart. Lincoln was involved with the commercial fishing industry and served on the board of directors of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA) regional corporation, Doyon, Limited. She was a member of the Alaska Commission on Judicial Conduct from 1984 to 1990. Lincoln served in the Alaska House of Representatives in 1991 and 1992. She then served in the Alaska Senate from 1993 to 2005 and in 1996 was the Democratic nominee for United States Congress.
References
|-
|-
1943 births
Alaska Democrats
Alaska Native people
Alaska state senators
Businesspeople from Fairbanks, Alaska
Lathrop High School (Alaska) alumni
Living people
Members of the Alaska House of Representatives
Native American state legislators in Alaska
Politicians from Fairbanks, Alaska
People from Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska
University of Alaska Fairbanks alumni
Women state legislators in Alaska
21st-century American women
Robert Raynier Rosado Berry (born 15 July 1995) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Atlético Pantoja and the Dominican Republic national team.
International career
Rosado made his formal debut for the Dominican Republic on 22 March 2018, starting in a 4–0 friendly win against the Turks and Caicos Islands. He had played two friendly matches in November 2017 against Nicaragua, but they were not recognised by FIFA.
References
1995 births
Living people
Dominican Republic footballers
Dominican Republic international footballers
Association football midfielders
Atlético Pantoja players
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
People from Hermanas Mirabal Province
The 2023–24 AFC Cup will be the 20th edition of the AFC Cup, Asia's secondary club football tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).
This is the first ever AFC Cup season to have a two-year (autumn-to-spring) schedule instead of an all-year-round (spring-to-autumn) schedule.
The winners of the tournament will automatically qualify for the 2024–25 AFC Champions League, entering the qualifying play-offs, if they have not qualified through their domestic performance.
Association team allocation
The 47 AFC member associations are ranked based on their club's performance over the last four years in AFC competitions (their national team's FIFA World Rankings are no longer considered). The slots are allocated by the following criteria according to the Entry Manual:
The associations are split into five zones (Article 5.1):
West Asia Zone consists of the 12 associations from the West Asian Football Federation (WAFF).
South Asia Zone consists of the 7 associations from the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF).
Central Asia Zone consists of the 6 associations from Central Asian Football Association (CAFA).
ASEAN Zone consists of the 12 associations from the ASEAN Football Federation (AFF).
East Asia Zone consists of the 10 associations from the East Asian Football Federation (EAFF).
The AFC may reallocate one or more associations to another zone if necessary for sporting reasons
Reallocation of Regions
Excluding the top five associations in each region for AFC Champions League slot allocation, all other associations are eligible to enter the AFC Cup.
The teams from associations ranked 6th, 11th and 12th which are eliminated in the AFC Champions League qualifying play-offs enter the AFC Cup group stage (Article 3.2). The following rules are applied:
The associations ranked 6th in both the West Region and the East Region, while allocated one direct slot in the AFC Cup group stage without taking away any direct slot from other associations, are not ranked in each zone for AFC Cup slot allocation (Article 5.3).
If they advance to the AFC Champions League group stage, the AFC Cup group stage slot is filled by the standby team from their association if such team are available (Article 5.12).
The rules above do not apply to the AFC Champions League titleholders and AFC Cup titleholders which are allocated AFC Champions League play-off slots should they not qualify for the tournament through domestic performance.
In the West Asia Zone and the ASEAN Zone, there are three groups in the group stage, including 9 direct slots, with the 3 remaining slots filled through qualifying play-offs (Article 5.2). The slots in each zone are distributed as follows:
The associations ranked 1st to 3rd are each allocated two direct slots.
The associations ranked 4th to 6th are each allocated one direct slot and one play-off slot.
The associations ranked 7th or below are each allocated one play-off slot.
If any zone has an association ranked 6th for AFC Champions League slot allocation, which is allocated one direct slot in the AFC Cup group stage, there are 10 direct slots, with the 2 remaining slots filled through qualifying play-offs.
In the South Asia Zone, the Central Asia Zone, and the East Asia Zone, there is one group in the group stage, including 3 direct slots, with the 1 remaining slot filled through qualifying play-offs (Article 5.2). The slots in each zone are distributed as follows:
The associations ranked 1st to 3rd are each allocated one direct slot and one play-off slot.
The associations ranked 4th or below are each allocated one play-off slot.
If any zone has an association ranked 6th for AFC Champions League slot allocation, which is allocated one direct slot in the AFC Cup group stage, there are 4 direct slots, and to ensure equal opportunity in each zone, another group is added to this zone in the group stage, with the 4 remaining slots filled through qualifying play-offs (Article 5.4.1).
If any zone has at least 7 play-off slots, to ensure equal opportunity in each zone, another group is added to this zone in the group stage, with the 5 remaining slots filled through qualifying play-offs (Article 5.4.2).
If any association with direct slots do not fulfill any one of the AFC Cup criteria, they have all their direct slots converted into play-off slots. The direct slots given up are redistributed to the highest eligible association by the following criteria (Articles 5.7 and 5.8):
For each association, the maximum number of total slots is two (Articles 3.4 and 3.5).
If any association is allocated one additional direct slot, one play-off slot is annulled and not redistributed.
If any association with only play-off slot(s), including those mentioned above, do not fulfill the minimum AFC Cup criteria, the play-off slot(s) are annulled and not redistributed (Articles 5.10 and 5.11).
For each association, the maximum number of total slots is one-third of the total number of eligible teams (excluding foreign teams) in the top division (Article 5.6). If this rule is applied, any direct slots given up are redistributed by the same criteria as mentioned above, and play-off slots are annulled and not redistributed (Article 9.10).
All participating teams must be granted an AFC Champions League or AFC Cup license, and, apart from cup winners, finish in the top half of their top division (Articles 7.1 and 9.5). If any association does not have enough teams which satisfy these criteria, any direct slots given up are redistributed by the same criteria as mentioned above, and play-off slots are annulled and not redistributed (Article 9.9).
If any team granted a license refuses to participate, their slot, either direct or play-off, is annulled and not redistributed (Article 9.11).
Association ranking
For the 2023–24 AFC Cup, the associations are allocated slots according to their club competitions ranking which was published on 24 November 2021, which takes into account their performance in the AFC Champions League and the AFC Cup in 2018, 2019 and 2021.
Notes
Teams
Teams in italics will play in the AFC Champions League qualifying play-offs, and will play in the AFC Cup group stage if they fail to advance to the AFC Champions League group stage. Should they advance to the AFC Champions League group stage, they will not play in the AFC Cup, and will be replaced by the standby team from their association if such team is available.
Note: Only teams assured of a place (including standby teams) are displayed.
Notes
Schedule
The schedule of the competition is as follows.
See also
2023–24 AFC Champions League
References
External links
2
2023
Scheduled association football competitions
Mór Réthy (or Moritz Réthy) (1846–1925) was a Hungarian mathematician.
Life and work
Réthy attended the Technical Universities of Vienna and Budapest; he graduated in Budapest in 1870. After two years teaching in the Modern Technical School of Körmöcbánya, he obtained a grant to follow huis studies in Göttingen and Heidelberg, where he studied under Clebsch, Kirchhoff, Schering and Königsberger, obtaining his doctoral degree in Heidelberg in 1874.
In 1874 he was appointed extraordinary professor at the university of Kolozsvár where he remained until 1886, serving also as head of mathematics department and dean of the faculty of sciences. In 1886 he began teaching in the Technical University of Budapest lecturing in geometry; but then his interest changed to mathematical physics, lecturing in analytical mechanics and theoretical physics from 1892 until his retirement.
Réthy was member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences (1878), he was awarded an honorary degree from University of Heidelberg (1924). He received the Marczibányi Prize in 1904.
He spread the work of the Bolyai father and son editing the Tentamen in two volumes in 1897 and 1904 and writing papers about it.
Réthy is remembered by his work on theoretical mechanics published mainly in Hungarian or German but translated to English in many cases.
References
Bibliography
External links
19th-century Hungarian mathematicians
20th-century Hungarian mathematicians
1846 births
1925 deaths
Ada Međica () is an island and an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd. Ada Međica is an ovally shaped river island in the Sava river, a long and wide, covering an area of . It is located just north of the central part of the much larger Ada Ciganlija.
Name
The name of the island, Ada Međica, is Serbian for "border river island" as for the centuries the Sava river was a border of many states (Roman Empire, Byzantine Empire, Kingdom of Hungary, Serbia, Ottoman Empire, Habsburg monarchy, etc.). The island is on the borderline today too as it belongs to the municipality of Novi Beograd, and away Ada Ciganlija belongs to the municipality of Čukarica. The island was previously, at least until the World War I, also known as Ada Zanoga, but also as Mala Ada ("little Ada").
Human history
In 1962 first settlers began visiting the island when the first stilt houses were constructed. The very first one was a tree house built on the tip, constructed by , an architect and artists, nicknamed Peđa Isus (Peđa the Jesus). He built it after the Communist authorities confiscated his family's home, as his own "free sanctuary". After he was informed that the authorities plan to demolish his tree house because "it became the gathering place of young people who are, with their outfits and behavior, inadequate for Tito's youth", Ristić removed the house from the tree and placed it on the ground. He was criticized originally, but in time got praises for being an "urban Robinson [Crusoe]" while his idea was labeled as rebellious and escapist. Also, he inspired many others to spend weekends on the islands, technically without leaving the city but also without any of the urban rush.
Already in 1963 the care of the island has been entrusted by the municipal government to the “Society of the Sava and Danube Devotees” for 99 years, as ordered by the decision of the Supreme Court of Yugoslavia. Stilt houses were first built on the side facing the Ada Ciganlija and later the side facing New Belgrade's Block 44 also developed. The city later sued the Society wanting the island back, but they lost in court.
When a long international swimming marathon "Ada Međica" was organized in July 2016, a non-exploded, heavy World War II bomb was discovered near the island's tip, at the depth of . The bomb was removed and destroyed. The marathon, known as one of the rare swimming events in Serbia which includes swimming upstream, is planned as an annual event and the second outing in 2017 was dedicated to the celebration of 55 years since the first houses were built on the island. Since 2018 there are two races: one recreational ( downstream only) and one professional and semi-professional ( around the island). By 2021, the number of races further diversified, the competition became international and the points for the "SRB Open Water Cup" have been awarded. The competition was renamed to the "International Belgrade's Swimming Marathon Ada Međica".
Administration
One of the local communities which constitute the neighborhood of Blokovi of Novi Beograd was named Ada Međica in the 1990s, with a population of 5,012 in 1991 and 4,636 in 2002. Local community was later abolished and the island is now part of the local community "Sava".
Nature
The island is forested with 250 wildly grown oak trees, between 50 and 100 years old, majority originating from the 1920s. In 2015-2017 some 2,500 seedlings of pedunculate oak and ash were planted throughout the island.
The forest was a habitat for the sparrows, mallards and pigeons, but by the 2010s they were almost completely wiped out by the growing population of crows. Two large flocks of the wild geese live on the island and are an attraction for the visitors. Other birds which can be found on the island include blue tits, woodpeckers, pheasants, collared doves, herons, jays and hen harriers.
Characteristics
Ada Međica has no resident population, but has 87 weekend-stilt houses and 202 house-boats owned by the residents of Belgrade. Maximum size of the stilt house or the house-boat is . Necessary electricity is provided by the solar panels. Water was conducted through the pipe on the Sava river bed and a mini-waterworks with five taps was built on the island. During summer, over 2,000 Belgraders spend weekends on Ada Međica, which is accessible only by small boats, including the seasonal boat line from the Block 44. Leisure activities include swimming, walking and barbecues, as the area is nearly intact and without touristic facilities. Only the eastern, upstream tip of the island is concreted to prevent the erosion.
The Sava river's stream is so strong that it pushes the island 50 to 100 centimeters per year in the downstream direction. The island is regularly flooded by the river and an operation of "anchoring" the island is deemed too expensive by the local authorities. During the floods, the island is regularly covered with mud and usually flooded so much that the boats have to be used for the transportation from one stilt house to another. There are two small beaches, officially classified as the "wild beaches". One is near the northern, concreted tip and the other is a sandy beach close to the southern tip.
See also
List of islands of Serbia
References
External links
Ada Međica photo page with texts in Serbian
Neighborhoods of Belgrade
River islands of Serbia
New Belgrade
Real Club Náutico de Gran Canaria (Royal Gran Canaria Yacht Club in English) is a private yacht club located in Las Palmas, Gran Canaria (Canary Islands, Spain). The club has around 6,000 members and their families.
History
It was established in 1908 and royal patronage was granted by king Alfonso XIII of Spain.
In 1965, the club organized the Snipe World Championship and dinghy sailing took off at the club.
Since then, it has become one of the world's winningest dinghy racing club, as the club's yacht racers have won 5 olympic gold medals (470 in 1984, Finn in 1988, Flying Dutchman in 1992, women's 470 in 1992 and Tornado in 1996), and 42 world championships (as of the end of 2015).
The club has had 18 olympic sailors. Six of them won gold medals:
Luis Doreste in Los Angeles 1984 (470) and Barcelona 1992 (Flying Dutchman)
Roberto Molina in Los Angeles 1984 (470)
Domingo Manrique in Barcelona 1992 (Flying Dutchman)
José Doreste in Seoul 1988 (Finn)
Patricia Guerra in Barcelona 1992 (women's 470)
Fernando Léon in Atlanta 1996 (Tornado)
References
External links
Official website
1908 establishments in Spain
Organisations based in Spain with royal patronage
Robin White was the defending champion of the singles event at the Amway Classic tennis tournament, but lost in the first round.
Unseeded Elna Reinach won her first WTA title, defeating Caroline Kuhlman, who entered the competition with a wildcard, in the final, 6–0, 6–0.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
ASB Classic - Women's Singles
WTA Auckland Open
Naqib Nangarhari (born 29 July 1998) is an Afghan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Speen Ghar Region in the 2017–18 Ahmad Shah Abdali 4-day Tournament on 7 December 2017. He made his List A debut for Speen Ghar Region in the 2018 Ghazi Amanullah Khan Regional One Day Tournament on 25 July 2018.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Afghan cricketers
Spin Ghar Tigers cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Vaya is a 2016 South African drama film directed by Akin Omotoso. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival.
Cast
Phuthi Nakene as Patricia
Warren Masemola as Xolani
Azwile Chamane-Madiba as Zodwa
Nomonde Mbusi as Thobeka
Harriet Manamela as Grace
Sihle Xaba as Nhlanhla
Zimkhitha Nyoka as Zanele
Sibusiso Msimang as Nkulu
Reception
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 100% based on 6 reviews and an average rating of 10/10.
References
External links
2016 films
2016 drama films
South African drama films
Zulu-language films
Films directed by Akin Omotoso
Arjun Das is an Indian actor, who works in the Tamil film industry. Best known for his role as Anbu in the film Kaithi (2019), he has garnered major attention for his bass-baritone voice.
Arjun made his acting debut in the suspense thriller Perumaan (2012). Following a few other movies and short films, he appeared in Lokesh Kanagaraj's Kaithi, portraying the film's antagonist, a cocaine addict gang leader and then collaborated with Lokesh again for the film Master portraying Das, the film's secondary antagonist.
Early life
The actor has stated in interviews that he quit a well-paying job as a banker in Dubai, before moving to Chennai for opportunities in cinema. Arjun remembers being overweight. He lost around , which was when he decided to enter the Tamil cinema industry.
Career
In 2012, he debuted in the independent film Perumaan. Regarding his role in the film, The Times of India stated that "Arjun makes a confident debut". After shooting for the Netflix-featured independent film and Atlee's debut venture, Andhaghaaram, Arjun Das worked with Radio One 94.3FM hosting the Drive show as a radio jockey. He cites this past occupation as a form of sustenance before entering the film industry, and has often mentioned that this was where he first claimed a fan base for his voice. He has also portrayed Gopichand's brother in the Telugu movie, Oxygen (2017).
Scouted by Lokesh Kanagaraj for Kaithi, Arjun was initially hesitant to sign the film, due to the importance and substance of the character. After auditioning with a scene that didn't make it to the film's final cut, he landed a role as the main antagonist in the film. Quoting Dhanush as his inspiration, he claims that he is not the type to seriously prepare for any scene, however, he did conduct basic research to get into the skin of the character, with emphasis on the behaviour of drug use. He received abundant appreciation for his role and voice in Kaithi, following which he was once again roped in by Lokesh Kanagaraj for Master. Often attributing his talent and fame to Lokesh Kanagaraj, Arjun has expressed his gratefulness to him for the role of Das in Master, for which he was called a few days after the commencement of shoot. His piercing glares and iconic voice in the film set him aside from the rest of the varied cast, as he portrays a sub-antagonist role responsible for controlling the children of a juvenile centre with the influence of drugs.
His most recent release is the supernatural thriller, Andhaghaaram, in which he plays the lead role of Vinod, an alcoholic and smoke addict of a coach, guilt stricken of his friend's mental condition.
His upcoming films include Kumki 2, where he portrays a character with "shades of grey" and Dhruva Natchathiram, in which he lent his voice for the villain character. He will play the lead in an untitled film directed by Anwar Rasheed.
Filmography
Feature films
All films are in Tamil language unless otherwise noted.
Web series
Short films
Music videos
Television
Dubbing artist
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Tamil actors
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Indian male actors
Tamil cinema
Living people
21st-century Indian actors
1992 births
Asian American biblical hermeneutics or Asian American biblical interpretation is the study of the interpretation of the Christian Bible, informed by Asian American history and experiences.
History
Mary F. Foskett traces the roots of Asian American biblical hermeneutics to the rise of Asian biblical hermeneutics, as initially developed in the 1970s and 1980s by Kosuke Koyama, C. S. Song, Archie C. C. Lee, and R. S. Sugirtharajah. This gave inspiration for Asian Americans to develop their own hermeneutical methods and, in 1995, the "Asian and Asian American Biblical Studies Consultation" was established in the Society of Biblical Literature. Figures such as Gale A. Yee, Kwok Pui-lan, Tat-siong Benny Liew, and Sze-kar Wan challenged the dominant historical critical approach to studying the Bible as being insufficient for addressing the ethical concerns of the present, especially as experienced by Asian Americans. This has not led to a simple rejection of historical criticism. Instead, it has tended to "deploy historical inquiry with a decidedly ethical consciousness."
Since the 2000s, in the midst of third-wave feminism, there has also been the rise of Asian American feminist biblical hermeneutics. Some of the first works in the area include Gale A. Yee's Poor Banished Children of Eve: Woman as Evil in the Hebrew Bible (2003) and Kwok Pui-lan's Postcolonial Imagination and Feminist Theology (2005).
There has been some challenge against Asian American biblical hermeneutics as largely being developed by mainline scholars. In 2020, Asian American Evangelicals established within the Institute for Biblical Research an "Asian-American Biblical Interpretation: Evangelical Voices" research group, hoping to pave new ground for Evangelical voices within the scholarship of Asian American biblical hermeneutics.
See also
African American biblical hermeneutics
References
Asian-American culture
Asian-American issues
Biblical exegesis
Hermeneutics
Christian theology of the Bible
Josiah Raynor (1665–1743) (also known as ‘George' Raynor) was a pirate active in the Red Sea. Before he was briefly a pirate captain, he was a sailor on the Batchelor's Delight on which he sailed alongside William Dampier.
Biography
In 1683 near Guinea, privateer John Cook captured a Dutch merchantman which he named Batchelor's Delight, which itself had been the Portsmouth when captured by Dutch privateers from its English owners. With Cook were William Dampier and Edward Davis, who would later captain the ship after Cook died in 1684, as well as sailor Josiah Raynor. They sailed around South America raiding Spanish shipping and towns in concert with Charles Swan's Cygnet and others.
After scarce success and meeting defeat near Panama, the buccaneer fleet broke up in August 1685. Davis took the Batchelor's Delight back around Cape Horn, eventually returning to the West Indies in 1688 and Philadelphia by that May.
In 1687 Raynor married Sarah Higby in Lyme CT.
Shortly afterwards the 14-gun, 80-man ship was sold to its former crew, and Raynor had now become Captain of the Batchelor's Delight, returning to the Indian Ocean to sail against Portuguese and English shipping. He put in at Adam Baldridge's pirate trading post near Madagascar in late 1691 after capturing a Moorish ship, along with William Cotter. After resupplying and repairing the ship, renamed Loyal Jamaica (occasionally cited as Royal Jamaica), they shared out treasure from their voyage and sailed back to the Province of South Carolina. He and his crew may have captured one last ship before ending their voyage, taking a vessel belonging to Carolina plantation owner Jonathan Amory. Raynor ran the ship aground and gave its guns to Charles Town. Absolved of piracy by 1692, he and the crew settled locally. Records show him recognized as a merchant, having been indemnified against accusations stemming from his pirate days. Raynor purchased a series of properties on Kiawah Island. His daughter married the son of former Carolina Governor James Moore, and together with some of Moore's other children, eventually moved to Cape Fear.
Raynor's name appears again a few years later as an associate of Thomas Tew and Henry Every. Raynor may have signed aboard for Thomas Tew's second voyage alongside Every in 1694, which resulted in Tew's death. Eventually making his way back to New York City around 1700, possibly with William Mayes, Raynor was suspected of piracy and had to petition a friend to intercede with Governor Benjamin Fletcher to release his treasure chest. After selling his Long Island property he settled in Connecticut.
Some sources show the Batchelor's Delight in the hands of former crewman (and associate of Cook's) James Kelley after Raynor's departure; Kelley continued his piracy in the Indian Ocean before he was captured by Moorish pirates in 1692. They burned his ship and killed many of the pirates, but Kelley and a few of his crew escaped their captors and made their way back to Madagascar. There they sailed with Robert Culliford for a time before returning to America alongside William Kidd; soon afterwards they were arrested, transported to London for trial, and executed. However, there were known to be multiple ships of the same name (Bachelor's Delight / Batchelor's Delight) operating in the same time period; some sources say that Raynor and crew abandoned the Batchelor's Delight at Madagascar (where Kelley claimed it), so it is possible that the ship Loyal Jamaica in which Raynor returned to the Carolinas was a captured prize ship (perhaps renamed) and not Davis' original ship.
See also
Pirate Round, the route from America to the coast of Africa, to Madagascar, and into the Red Sea or Indian Ocean, attributed to Tew.
Notes
Further reading
The History and archaeology of Kiawah island, Charleston County, South Carolina by Trinkley and Adams (full version PDF)
References
British pirates
17th-century pirates
Pirates
1743 deaths
Piracy in the Indian Ocean
1665 births
The following is a list of the 463 communes of the Charente-Maritime department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté d'agglomération Rochefort Océan
Communauté d'agglomération de La Rochelle
Communauté d'agglomération Royan Atlantique
Communauté d'agglomération de Saintes
Communauté de communes Aunis Atlantique
Communauté de communes Aunis Sud
Communauté de communes du Bassin de Marennes
Communauté de communes Cœur de Saintonge
Communauté de communes de Gémozac et de la Saintonge Viticole
Communauté de communes de la Haute-Saintonge
Communauté de communes de l'Île-de-Ré
Communauté de communes de l'Île-d'Oléron
Communauté de communes des Vals de Saintonge
References
Lists of communes of France
is a railway station in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1903
The Volunteer Cross for War and the Volunteer Medal for War (Krzyż i Medal Ochotniczy za Wojnę) were Polish military decorations introduced just before the start of World War II and later awarded by the Polish government in exile.
The Cross and the Volunteer Medal for War were introduced by an act of the Sejm on 15 June 1939. It was to be awarded to people who volunteered for duty in the years 1918 to 1921 and helped to strengthen the independence of the Polish Republic. (Covering mainly the Polish-Ukrainian War and Polish-Soviet war).
Because of the German invasion of Poland in 1939 and the outbreak of World War II no decorations were awarded at the time. It was only after 1945 that the Polish government in exile was able to award the decorations. The communists authorities of the People's Republic of Poland refused to recognize the decoration. After the fall of communism a very similar decoration, Krzyż za udział w Wojnie 1918-1921, was introduced.
Orders, decorations, and medals of Poland
BDF or Bdf may refer to:
Backward differentiation formula, a numerical method for solving ordinary differential equations
Ballroom Dancers' Federation, a British organization for competitive ballroom dancers
Banca Dacia Felix (Dacia Felix Bank), a defunct Romanian bank
Bedfordshire, a historic county in England, Chapman code
Beiersdorf AG, a multinational corporation based in Hamburg, Germany
Berlin Demography Forum, an annual international conference on demographic issues
Board foot, unit of measure for volume of lumber
Bois-des-Filion, Quebec, a town in Quebec, Canada
Bund Deutscher Frauenvereine (1894-1933), a defunct German women's organization
Technology
Building Distribution Frame, a type of distribution frame in telecommunications
PCI BDF (bus/device/function), a range of configurable addresses in PCI configuration space
Glyph Bitmap Distribution Format, a file format for storing bitmap fonts
Military
Bangladesh Forces, the combined forces of Bangladesh during its war of independence in 1971
Bahrain Defense Force, the military of Bahrain
Barbados Defence Force, the military of Barbados
Belize Defence Force, the military of Belize
Botswana Defence Force, the military of Botswana
Getapnia may refer to:
Geghanist (disambiguation), several places in Armenia
Getapnya, Armenia
West Hill is a village in the East Devon district of Devon, England. The village lies approximately 2 miles south west of Ottery St Mary, its nearest town. West Hill can be accessed by the nearby A30 road. The village has a primary school and a village hall, which is located by the local convenience store in the centre of the village. Previously part of the parish of Ottery St Mary, West Hill was made into a parish in its own right in April 2017.
References
External links
West Hill Village Web Site
West Hill Primary School
Villages in Devon
East Devon District
Tomai is a village in Leova District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Leova District
"Miss California" is a song by American singer-songwriter Dante Thomas, featuring American rapper and former Fugees member Pras Michel. It was released on February 20, 2001, as the lead single from his debut album, Fly. The track was an international hit, topping the charts of Denmark, Germany, and the Netherlands and becoming a top-five hit in Australia, Austria, New Zealand, Romania, Switzerland, and Wallonia. It also reached number 25 on the UK Singles Chart and number 85 on the US Billboard Hot 100. Cameron Casey directed the song's music video.
Track listings
US CD single
"Miss California" (radio edit)
"Miss California" (rap remix)
US maxi-CD single
"Miss California" (album version)
"Miss California" (rap remix)
"Miss California" (Bastone & Bernstein club mix)
"Miss California" (Bastone & Bernstein Cali dub)
"Miss California" (radio edit without Pras)
"Miss California" (original TV track)
"Miss California" (a cappella)
UK and Australian CD single, UK 12-inch single
"Miss California" (radio version no rap) – 3:28
"Miss California" (radio version with rap) – 4:08
"Miss California" (Bastone & Bernstein radio mix) – 3:08
"Miss California" (Bastone & Bernstein club mix) – 7:44
European CD single
"Miss California" (radio version with Pras) – 4:08
"Miss California" (radio version no rap) – 3:28
European cassette single
"Miss California" (radio version no rap) – 3:28
"Miss California" (radio version with rap) – 4:08
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2001 singles
2001 songs
Dutch Top 40 number-one singles
Elektra Records singles
Number-one singles in Denmark
Number-one singles in Germany
Pras songs
Warner Music Australasia singles
Chengguang (乘广) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Chengguang (425–428), era name used by Helian Chang, emperor of Xia
Chengguang (577), era name used by Gao Heng, emperor of Northern Qi
The University of Maryland Arboretum and Botanical Garden is located on the grounds of the University of Maryland - College Park. The Arboretum and Botanical Garden is free to visit and is used as an outdoor classroom for a variety of courses at the University. There is an established Central Campus Tree Walking Tour around McKeldin Mall.
References
Botanical gardens in Maryland
University of Maryland, College Park
Parks in Prince George's County, Maryland
The 41st Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1937 Nova Scotia general election, the 40th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 41st General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1941 Nova Scotia general election, the 41st overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 42nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 19th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
the 2021 Nova Scotia general election, the 63rd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 64th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 41st general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Modasa is a town and a municipality in Aravalli district in the Indian state of Gujarat.Modasa town was named after the Bhil chieftain Malaji Bhil , who ruled in Modasa during 1466.
Modasa became headquarters of new Aravalli district, carved out from Sabarkantha. The new district was declared on 26 January 2013 and formed on 15 August 2013.
It is an economic centre for agricultural exports, at both the provincial and national levels. As a centre for the surrounding villages, Modasa acts as a transportation hub for both residents and tourists, and has two large hospitals. The city also provides a nucleus of doctors for the people of northern Gujarat and some migrants of southern Rajasthan.
Modasa is emerging as an education centre for the area, with new pharmacy and engineering colleges and CBSE school supplementing the more traditional educational faculties. The city now has colleges of law, science, education, arts, commerce, and pharmacy, as well as business administration to MBA, BBA and BCA levels. Study courses run by the Government Engineering college include mechanical, computer, electronics and communication, civil engineering, electrical, and automotive engineering.
History
The history of Modasa dates back thousands of years. It is believed that region around Modasa has been populated since the days of the Indus valley civilization. Many architectural items, coins, religious artifacts, brick etc. are found at excavation sites around Modasa. These findings are evidence of the prominent role Modasa played during various periods of Indian history. Modasa has been place of significance in the times of Mauryas, Shatvahns, Kshtraps Guptas, Maritrakas, Rastrakutas etc. It is believed that Modasa is refereed as Maulayashah tirth in Skand puran. Also a more-than-2000-year-old stone has been found that refers to place as Mandasan. It is also claimed that in past Modasa was called Modhak vas or Mohadakvas. Though it is not clear where this name came from.
Modasa has been referred to in many religious stories from past. Temples of many diverse faith and religion are found throughout the
town. Among Hindus, Jains and Shiva worshipers dominated town for many years. Pusti marg was introduced only about 300 years ago.
In medieval times Modasa used to be the rest point for travellers going to Surat port for Mecca from northern Indian places like Delhi, etc.
The architectural sites around Modasa indicate that once there was a kote (wall) around the town. Also there are indications that the kote has been destroyed many times. Though details are limited it is believed that town was sacked in past by armies from Muslims
subas of Gujarat as well as Marathas.
It was an important frontier fortified post during Gujarat Sultanate (1415) under Sultan Ahmed Shah I. At the close of the sixteenth century it was the chief place in a tract of 162 villages, yielding a yearly revenue of £80,000 (Rs. 8,00,000). Under the Mughals, Shahab-ud-din, the 3rd Viceroy (1577-1583), repaired the fort at Modasa, and stationing a party of cavalry there completely settled the country. During the eighteenth century Modasa greatly declined, and when (1818) it came under British management, the town was most backward. Quickly recovering, it had in 1825 a numerous and respectable body of traders with an estimated capital of £90,000 (Rs. 9,00,000).
During British rule though most of the area around Modasa was under state of Idar, Modasa was under direct control of British government in India. This might have brought some stability in the late 19th century. During the days of independent struggle, led by Mahatma Gandhi, Modasa participated very actively. Starting from 1930's Modasa was a vibrant place for the non-violent styagrah movement.
There was a British passenger ship named after Modasa. The "S.S Modasa" was one of a class of six near-sister ships owned by British-India Steam Navigation Co. Built by Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson.
Modasa RTO code is GJ-31 instead of GJ-33
Geography
Modasa is located at . It has an average elevation of 197 metres (646 feet). Most of the water for Modasa comes from the Mazum river, on which, about 5 kilometers from Modasa, the Mazum reservoir is situated.
Educational institutions
After independence the leader of Modasa decided to take the opportunity to provide higher education to the needy of this area and establish a public charitable trust which is registered the Act. The purpose of this trust is to establish and run an institution for higher education catering to the needs of this area and bring them into the mainstream. The trust is aptly named after a well known revolutionary, freedom fighter, social worker and educationist "Shri Mathuradas Laljidas Gandhi". The M. L. Gandhi Higher Education Society started Arts and Science College first with the donation of generous donors like Sir Purushottamdas Thakordas and Shir Somalal kasturdas Shah and the partners of Shir krishan Oil Mill. So, the college was named after them. Thus the first college was called Shir S.K.Shah & Shri Krishan O.M.Arts College and Sir P.T.Science College in 1960. In a short time this college started throbbing with
vitality under the academic leadership of its first principal Dr. Dhirubhai Thakar, who, after his retirement is busy making an encyclopedia in Gujarat named Gujarati Vishwakosh, a most prestigious work. The first president of this education society was the late shri Raichanddas Katudas Shah.
Institutes By Modasa College Campus
Sir P T Science College
Shri S K Shah And O.m arts college
Shri H S Shah College Of Commerce
B D Shah College Of Education
Shri N S Patel law College
Shri B M Shah College Of Pharmacy
Shrimati M L G Bhalavat Pharmacy P G Centre
P T C college
Shrimati K A Modi M S W College
Shri B H Gandhi BBA College
Matrushri L J Gandhi BCA College
Dr. N J Shah PGDCA College
Shri K H Patel M.ed Institute
Shri J B Shah English Medium School{Primary To Higher Secondary}
Shri M J Mehta IGNOU Study Centre
BAOU Study Centre
A R Sura Museum
PCSS Career Development Academy
GEC Modasa
Other institutes include Makhdum Education society, Chanakya Vishwavidyala, New leap, Karimi Education society, etc. which run different schools from primary education to higher education
Modasa also Has two engineering Colleges namely (1) Government Engineering College, Modasa (popularly known as GEC MODASA). (2) Tatva Engineering College.
GEC modasa was inaugurated on 23 August 1984 By then Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Madhav Singh Solanki near the bank of Mazum river. The institute is known for its best Mechanical & Civil Engineering facilities and Faculties. The GEC Modasa has given many excellent Engineers to the nation who are in the national and state level institutions such as IIT, Kharagpur, Gujarat Technological University and other Government of India established technological and scientific institutions and organisations.
GEC, MODASA offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in the field of engineering as the name suggests. Offered Engineering fields are mainly Mechanical, Civil, IT and Computer science Engineering, Electrical engineering and electronics and communication engineering.
The GEC, Modasa is the leading institute in the north Gujarat province. It is also the GTU affiliated institute since 2007. The institute was affiliated to Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University, Patan during the period of 1984 to 2007.
Demographics
India census, Modasa had a population of 90,000. Males constitute 51% of the male population and females 49%. Modasa has an average literacy rate of 74%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 81%, with female literacy at 67%. In Modasa, 13% of the population is under 6 years of age.
The Modasa Municipality has population of 67,648 of which 34,917 are males while 32,731 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.
Notable residents
Jivaraj Papriwal, a wealthy merchant of Modasa who had thousands of Jain images carved and transported to towns across India. All of them bear an inscription mentioning that they were installed at Modasa in Samvat 1548.
Jigar Shah (Born in Modasa), founder of "Sun Edison", who creates billions of green economy of solar power generation. He shows the world that sustainable solar energy is a future of power generation.
Ramanlal Soni: A Gujarati writer was also born in Modasa. He is Famous for his Novels and stories for Children.
Anees Bazmee : popular Hindi film director
S M Osama : Pharmacist who worked on many medicinal researches notably Gout and Transdermal Patch
Bhogilal Gandhi : Gujarati Poet who wrote more than 80 books
In popular culture
Modasa appears in Gujarati short story "Porter na panjama" by Pannalal Patel.
Influenza Outbreak of Modasa was shown in Aamir Khan's TV series Satyamev Jayate in season 2 Episode 3.
References
External links
Cities and towns in Aravalli district
The Kentucky–Tennessee football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Kentucky Wildcats and Tennessee Volunteers. The border rivals have faced off on the gridiron since 1893, making it one of the oldest series in major college football. It was close in the early years, with Kentucky holding a series lead after the first 22 match-ups, but since the early 1930s, Tennessee has dominated the cross-border rivalry.
Both schools were charter members of the Southeastern Conference when it was established in 1932. Since that season, Tennessee has a 53–14–3 record against Kentucky, including a streak of 26 straight victories from 1985 to 2010, which is one of the longest such streaks in NCAA history. The Wildcats did not win any games against the Volunteers during the 1940s, 1990s, or 2000s. The only decade of the SEC era in which UK posted a winning record against Tennessee was the 1950s, when they went 6–3–1. The series was not without disappointment even during that period for Kentucky fans, however, as the Vols dealt Bear Bryant's 1950 Wildcat squad its only defeat during its school-best 11–1 season.
The Barrel
History of the trophy
The Kentucky–Tennessee game once involved a trophy: a wooden beer barrel painted half blue and half orange which was awarded to the winner of the game every year from 1925 to 1997. The Barrel was introduced in 1925 by a group of former Kentucky students who wanted to create a material sign of their school's supremacy in the rivalry. It was rolled onto the field that year with the words "Ice Water" painted on it to avoid any outcries over an alcohol drum symbolizing a college rivalry during the Prohibition era.
While the trophy was ceremonially awarded to the game's winner each year, it took some unauthorized trips over the years. Tennessee lost to Kentucky in 1953, but several orange-clad students "keg-napped" the barrel and kept it hidden in Knoxville until UK students retaliated by "dog-napping" Smokey. The barrel theft set in motion a series of additional pranks over the next few years between students of the two schools, but the barrel was not involved.
Vanderbilt University students stole the keg from Kentucky in 1960 to rally support from cross-state UT students in an upcoming basketball game against Kentucky. The Commodores lost the game and returned the trophy months later.
End of the Barrel era
A fatal alcohol-related car crash involving two UK football players a week before the 1998 contest prompted the end of the barrel exchange. Kentucky athletic director C. M. Newton expressed the idea that the ongoing use of an alcohol container as a trophy would be inappropriate under the circumstances. The ceremony was cancelled for the 1998 game, and the two schools mutually agreed to permanently discontinue the tradition before the 1999 game.
The actual barrel was in UT's possession when the schools ended the exchange, but its current whereabouts have not been made public. It has not been displayed since 1997, and it was not transferred to Kentucky when the Wildcats broke the Volunteers' long series winning streak in 2011.
On November 12, 2019, Tennessee's tight ends coach Brian Niedermeyer posted a photo of the barrel on Twitter.
Game results
Notable games
1950: The Vols handed #3 Kentucky, coached by Bear Bryant, its only loss, 7–0. Tennessee went on and defeated #2 Texas in the Cotton Bowl Classic 20–14 en route to an 11–1 record, and Kentucky defeated #1 Oklahoma 13–7 in the 1951 Sugar Bowl, while also finishing 11-1.
2007: Tennessee came to Lexington looking to clinch the SEC East and a trip to Atlanta after a strong victory over Georgia and after Florida stumbled midway through the season. Kentucky came in with one of its strongest teams in years behind star QB Andre Woodson and a huge upset over then-ranked #1 LSU now looking to end the 22-game losing streak to the Volunteers. The game was a fierce, nail-biting, overtime thriller as Woodson fought to end Kentucky's misery against Tennessee. In the second overtime Tennessee failed to score, giving Kentucky a chance to finally end the streak, but the Cats' field goal attempt was blocked. With the score at 44–44 an unsportsmanlike penalty on UT RB Arian Foster forced Tennessee to start the fourth overtime from the UK 40-yard line, but it was rendered moot as QB Erik Ainge hit WR Quintin Hancock with a touchdown strike on the first play. Tennessee would then make the two-point conversion. On Kentucky's possession RB Derrick Locke scored from three yards out to bring Kentucky within a two-point conversion to keep the game alive. Woodson kept the ball himself on the try, but was stopped from behind short of the goal line for the Volunteer victory. As a result, Tennessee and Georgia finished their seasons with identical 6–2 records to lead the SEC East, but the Vols would move on to the SEC title game by virtue of the head-to-head tiebreaker over the Bulldogs. Tennessee would then lose the following week to the eventual two-loss national champion LSU.
2008: In the final game for Tennessee's head coach Phillip Fulmer. Fulmer finished his career off with his final victory over the Wildcats, 28–10, leaving Kentucky winless against him.
2009: Tennessee and Kentucky went to overtime once again after another nail-biting game ends tied at 24–24 in regulation. Kentucky relied on star receiver Randall Cobb for most of the game, however Cobb was ineffective on the Wildcats' first possession in overtime only taking one wildcat formation snap. After a three-and-out the ensuing field goal missed wide left. On the Vols' ensuing possession, RB Montario Hardesty broke off a 20-yard run for the game-winning touchdown in Lane Kiffin's lone victory against the Wildcats.
2011: After losing 26 straight games to Tennessee the Wildcats finally notched a 10–7 victory against the Volunteers behind the play of wide receiver Matt Roark who was forced to play under center as both quarterbacks, Maxwell Smith and Morgan Newton, were out with injuries. The loss is often regarded as one of the most embarrassing to Vol fans and one of the many black marks in the Derek Dooley era. Dooley himself took the blame for the loss in an interview with Clay Travis in 2016, saying the team just wasn't ready to perform.
2020: Kentucky ended a 17-game road losing streak in Neyland Stadium with a dominant 34–7 win over the Volunteers. Kentucky's defense had 2 interceptions returned for touchdowns in the game. This was the Wildcats first win in Knoxville since 1984, Kentucky's largest victory over Tennessee in the series since 1935, and the Wildcats' largest victory over the Volunteers in Knoxville since 1924. Mark Stoops became the first Kentucky coach to beat Tennessee in both Lexington and Knoxville since Fran Curci. The loss was one of several that contributed to the downfall of Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt, who that following January would be ousted from the program following a NCAA investigation into improper benefits to players.
See also
List of NCAA college football rivalry games
List of most-played college football series in NCAA Division I
References
Kentucky Wildcats football
Tennessee Volunteers football
College football rivalries in the United States
Dundee is an unincorporated community in Pipe Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Dundee in 1876, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1902. Dundee was platted in 1883 when the railroad was extended to that point. It was likely named after Dundee, in Scotland.
Geography
Dundee is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
, formerly known as from 2006 to 2016, is a Japanese publishing company owned by Animate. Libre primarily publishes yaoi and teens' love manga and light novels, which are run in their magazines Magazine Be × Boy and Be × Boy Gold. The company was founded on May 8, 2006, after Biblos closed in April 2006, when their original parent company, Hekitensha, filed for bankruptcy.
History
Biblos was originally formed under publisher Hekitensha in 1988 for publishing yaoi content, including magazines such as Magazine Be × Boy, Be × Boy Gold, and Junk! Boy. In 2006, Hekitensha declared bankruptcy, which caused Biblos to close in April 2006. All publications under Biblos were put on indefinite hiatus until they rebranded as Libre Publishing on May 8, 2006, with Animate as their parent company. Several magazines previously owned by Biblos were transferred to Libre, including Magazine Be × Boy and Be × Boy Gold. Other magazines and anthologies, such as Junk! and Zero, were later relaunched under different names; the anthology B-Boy LUV became B-Boy Phoenix. In 2016, Libre Publishing renamed their company as Libre.
Aside from print media, Libre publishes audio drama CDs under the labels Cue Egg Label and Melty Drop. Cue Egg Label was originally launched by Biblos and acquired under the rebranding; the label features audio adaptations of Libre's yaoi manga. Melty Drop is Libre's original label featuring adult-oriented otome situation drama CDs marketed to women.
English-licensing partnerships
In 2010, Animate USA announced that they would release some of Libre's books on the Amazon Kindle format, and in September of that year, Libre sent cease and desist notices to several scanlation groups.
In October 2011, the American manga publisher Viz Media launched the BL imprint SuBLime in collaboration with Libre and its parent company Animate to publish English-language BL for the print and worldwide digital market. In June 2016, Libre Publishing terminated their partnership with Digital Manga Publishing.
Controversies
After the closure of Biblos in April 2006, Libre gained the licenses for former Biblos titles. Central Park Media, who held the English license for North American publication with Biblos, continued to publish their former Biblos titles, and in 2007, Libre described CPM's continued publication of their titles as "illegal", saying that they needed to renegotiate licenses. Central Park Media stated in December 2007 that Libre had "refused to discuss" the issue with them, and that they regarded their licenses with Biblos as still being legally binding with Libre. After Central Park Media filed for bankruptcy in April 2009, Libre released another statement stating that they had not been in a business relationship for some time prior to this, and that Libre expected new titles to be released by their new US publishers.
On October 11, 2015, Libre issued an apology on their official website to manga artist Harada for publishing her dōjinshi in a special issue of B-Boy without her permission.
Publications
Magazines
Digital magazines
Anthologies
See also
Our Everlasting
References
External links
Manga distributors
Yaoi
Publishing companies established in 2006
Japanese companies established in 2006
Comic book publishing companies in Tokyo
Geoffrey Vernon Miller (born 18 August 1937) is a former English cricketer. Miller was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. He was born at Walsall, Staffordshire.
Miller made his debut for Cambridgeshire in the 1981 Minor Counties Championship against Lincolnshire. From 1981 to 1986, he represented the county in 54 Minor Counties Championship matches. Miller also played 5 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches for the county between 1983 and 1986.
Miller also played 3 List-A matches for Cambridgeshire, with his first coming against Warwickshire in the 1983 NatWest Trophy. His final List-A match came in the 1986 NatWest Trophy against Yorkshire. In his 3 List-A matches, he scored 30 runs at a batting average of 10.00, with a high score of 21.
References
External links
Geoffrey Miller at Cricinfo
Geoffrey Miller at CricketArchive
1937 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Walsall
Sportspeople from Staffordshire
English cricketers
Cambridgeshire cricketers
Jaroslav Matoušek (born 7 April 1951) is a Czech sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Czech male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Czechoslovakia
People from Trutnov
Sportspeople from the Hradec Králové Region
The 1994 Croydon Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Jason Perry, who was elected as the first Mayor of Croydon in 2022, was elected to the council for the first time at this election in Coulsdon East.
Background
Election result
Ward results
Addiscombe
Ashburton
Bensham Manor
Beulah
Broad Green
Coulsdon East
Croham
Fairfield
Fieldway
Heathfield
Kenley
Monks Orchard
New Addington
Norbury
Purley
Rylands
Sanderstead
Selsdon
South Norwood
Spring Park
Thornton Heath
Upper Norwood
Waddon
West Thornton
Whitehorse Manor
Woodcote & Coulsdon West
Woodside
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
Casimir VI (also known as Casimir IX; 22 March 1557 – 10 May 1605) was a member of the House of Pomerania who ruled as Lutheran Administrator of the Prince-Bishopric of Cammin.
Life
Casimir was born in Wolgast. He was the tenth child of Duke Philip I of Pomerania-Wolgast and his wife Maria of Saxony. Philip I died in 1560; he was survived by five of his sons. Apart from Casimir VI, they were John Frederick (born: 1542), Bogislaw XIII (born: 1544), Ernest Louis (born: 1545), Barnim X (born: 1549). Initially, the Lord High Stewart Ulrich von Schwerin, acted as regent. He was supported by an eleven-member regency council.
On 25 July 1569, the elder brothers wrote the Treaty of Jasenitz, dividing Pomerania among themselves. For Casimir, it was planned that he would later become the Lutheran administrator of the Prince-Bishopric of Cammin. In 1574, John Frederick renounced that position, and Casimir took over the diocese, aged just 17 years. In 1578, he undertook a Grand Tour to Italy and the Netherlands.
As Bishop of Cammin Casimir had many disputes with the city of Kolberg, the capital of the prince-bishopric. He left the business of government mostly to his advisers, including Joachim Damnitz. His areas of interest were fishing, banquet and tours.
In 1602, Casimir renounced the administration of Cammin Prince-Bishopric and took over the rule in the appanage duchy of Pomerania-Rügenwalde from his older brother Barnim X, who in turn took over the duchy of Pomerania-Stettin after John Frederick had died. Later, he added the district of Bütow. When Barnim X died in September 1603, it was Casimir's turn to rule Pomerania-Stettin, but he was seriously ill and did not take up government. In 1604, he renounced his ascension.
In May 1605, Casimir was suffering from smallpox and was bedridden for several days. He died on 10 May 1605, between 20:00 and 21:00 at his Neuhausen Palace near Rügenwalde. On 18 June 1605 his body was brought to Stettin and buried there on 20 June in the Ducal Castle Church.
He remained unmarried.
Numeral
The counting of the rulers of the House of Griffins has always been complicated. From time immemorial there exists an imbalance, which causes some confusion. The modern numbering counts only the members of the House of Griffins who have reached adulthood and reigned. Under that system, the subject of this article is Casimir VI. If one also takes into account family members who never reigned, which was common in the older literature, he would be Casimir IX.
References and sources
Martin Wehrmann, Genealogie des pommerschen Herzogshauses, Stettin: Leon Sauniers Buchhandlung, 1937, p. 124.
Martin Wehrmann, Geschichte von Pommern, second edition, Gotha: Friedrich Andreas Perthes, 1921, vol. 2, (reprint: Augsburg: 1992, )
Footnotes
Dukes of Pomerania
16th-century German people
17th-century German people
1557 births
1605 deaths
People from Wolgast
Lutheran administrators of Cammin Prince-Bishopric
Ouagadou is a commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains the town of Goumbou which is the administrative centre and 6 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 19,123. Goumbou is 28 km southwest of Nara, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the cercle.
Sister city
Vegas del Genil, Spain
References
External links
.
Communes of Koulikoro Region
Warren Group | Studio Deluxe is a graphic design firm located in the Beacon Laundry Building, part of the Helms Bakery Complex, in Culver City, California. The firm was founded by creative director Linda Warren in 1984.
Warren Group | Studio Deluxe has won awards in various design competitions, including the American Center of Design 100 Show, Annual Report 100, and Art Directors Clubs of New York and California. Its work has been mentioned in online and print venues, such as Apple, Graphis Inc., Communication Arts, HOW and Print Magazine, and selected for the U.S. Library of Congress Permanent Design Collection. The firm's annual report for Junior Blind of America is included in Designing for the Greater Good: "The Best in Cause-Related Marketing and Nonprofit Design."
Design background
Warren Group | Studio Deluxe's work focuses on print and online formats, and includes corporate identities, branding systems, print campaigns, publications and websites. For its efforts on behalf of clients in the fields of education and healthcare, the firm has been recognized by the Association of American Medical Colleges, Council for Advancement and Support of Education, University and College Designers Association, and the Healthcare Public Relations and Marketing Association.
Linda Warren is a former president of the Art Director's Club of Los Angeles and a member of the AIGA, the nation's largest design organization. She is a graduate of Occidental College, Los Angeles, and attended the Ecole de Cuisine, Ritz Escoffier, Paris. She is also an adjunct professor in the graphic design department of Santa Monica College, Los Angeles.
Warren Group | Studio Deluxe's clients include The Aquarium of the Pacific, Aramark, The California Avocado Commission, The Capital Group Companies, Carnegie Mellon University Press, Children's Hospital Los Angeles, The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, The Doheny Eye Institute, Keck Graduate Institute of Applied Life Sciences, The Information Sciences Institute at USC, Junior Blind of America, Loyola High School, Manet Community Health Center, Marymount College, St. Paul the Apostle Catholic Community, Occidental College, Outer Cape Health Services, The Saban Research Institute, The University of Southern California, and The Walt Disney Company.
Philosophy
In an interview on Apple.com, firm leader Warren said, "On a creative level, everything we do here depends on collaboration. Among ourselves, the photographers and illustrators and writers we work with and with our clients. The better we collaborate, the better our final product is."
Along the same theme, when asked by Designer Magazine, "What's the key to your success?" she answered: "Teamwork. You have to like and respect the people you're working with, enjoy the process and truly believe that each person is part of the inspiration of a project."
Online “Laundry Chic”
Warren Group | Studio Deluxe is home to LindySue's, an online store of handcrafted homeware it calls “Laundry Chic” along with other gifts. The site has been featured in DailyCandy.com, Bust Magazine, Lucky Magazine and NY Times' KEY Magazine.
References
Publications
Peleg Top, Jonathan Cleveland, ‘'Designing for the Greater Good: The Best in Cause-Related Marketing and Nonprofit Design'', HarperCollins, 2010 ()
B. Martin Pederson, ‘'Designers USA'', Graphis, 2005 ()
‘'Hot California Graphics 2'', Madison Square Press, 2002 ()
External links
Warren Group | Studio Deluxe website
Lindy Sue's for Clean Living website
Apple.com
The New York Times
Helms Bakery District
Graphic design studios
Design companies of the United States
Companies based in Culver City, California
Design companies established in 1984
1984 establishments in California
Thomas Anderson Goudge (1910–1999) was a Canadian philosopher and university professor.
Career
He was born on January 19, 1910, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, son of Thomas Norman and Effie (Anderson) Goudge. He graduated from the Halifax Academy in 1927, and studied for a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1931 and a Master of Arts degree in 1932 from Dalhousie University. He obtained his Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Toronto in 1937 (he was a student of George Sidney Brett) after having briefly studied from 1936 to 1937 at Harvard University. He married Helen Beryl Christilaw in Blind River, Ontario, on June 23, 1936, and had one son, the jurist Stephen T. Goudge and five grandchildren, Jennifer, Suzanne, Daniel, Timothy and Amy.
He became an interim lecturer on philosophy at Waterloo College in 1934 and later served as a tutor, fellow and then lecturer in philosophy at Queen's University from 1935 to 1938. He lectured in philosophy at Toronto after that, becoming an assistant professor in 1940, an associate professor in 1945 and a full professor in 1949. He also served on the editorial committee of the University of Toronto Quarterly from 1951 on, serving as acting editor in 1955. In 1963, he became Chairman of the Department of Philosophy at Toronto. Goudge was influential in developing the noosphere concept.
He served in the Second World War, joining the Royal Canadian Naval Volunteer Reserve in 1943 as a sub-lieutenant. He was discharged at the end of the war in 1945 with the rank of a Lieutenant-Commander.
He wrote Bergson's Introduction to Metaphysics (1949), The Thought of C. S. Peirce (1950), The Ascent of Life (1961, winning the Governor General's Award) and many articles on philosophy and related subjects. He was a member of the American Philosophical Association, the Mind Association and the Humanities Association of Canada; he also served as President of the Canadian Philosophy Association in 1964 and as President of the Charles S. Peirce Society from 1957 to 1959. He was noted for his passion for oil painting.
He died on June 20, 1999, in Toronto, Ontario.
Publications
Bergson's Introduction to Metaphysics (1949)
The Thought of C. S. Peirce (1950)
The Ascent of Life: A Philosophical Study of the Theory of Evolution (1961)
References
External links
Thomas Anderson Goudge at The Canadian Encyclopedia
Thomas A. Goudge archival papers held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
1910 births
1999 deaths
University of Toronto alumni
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Governor General's Award-winning non-fiction writers
20th-century Canadian philosophers
Zsolt Nyitrai (born 12 April 1977) is a Hungarian politician, Member of Parliament (Fidesz) since 2002. He served as Secretary of State for Infocommunications in the Ministry of National Development between 2010 and 2011.
Education
Zsolt Nyitrai went to primary school in Eger. He graduated in the Gárdonyi Géza High School. Then he got his degree in 2001 in the Law Faculty of the Miskolc University. The politician speaks English and Italian.
Public activity
Zsolt Nyitrai joined Fidesz – Hungarian Civic Union in 1994. In 1998 he became chief of campaign during the parliamentary elections in Eger, his hometown. In 1998 he was elected representative of the city council, chairing the Committee on Youth and Sport. He founded the first countryside-based branch of Fidelitas, the youth organization of Fidesz. In 2001 he was elected first vice-president of the organization.
He served as deputy chief of campaign during the 2004 European Parliamentary elections in 2004 that brought landslide victory for Fidesz. Prior to the municipal elections of 2006 he was appointed as director of campaign.
Currently, Zsolt Nyitrai is operational director of Fidesz. As a director he is in charge of organizing campaigns and political actions, coordinating major events and shaping the image of the party. He is a relevant political background player in Fidesz and Fidelitas.
Work in the Hungarian Parliament
In the 2002 parliamentary election Zsolt Nyitrai gained his mandate from the joint party list of MDF and Fidesz. Between 2002 and 2006 he was a member of the Committee on Law Enforcement as well as the European Integration and International Cooperation Subcommittee. The young politician submitted 210 motions in 4 years. As a representative he held 34 speeches revealing unkept promises of the MSZP-SZDSZ government. In 2006, he gained his mandate in the Heves County territorial constituency. The politician represents Fidesz-KDNP faction in the Committee on Economic Affairs and Informatics. From August 2006 Zsolt Nyitrai is the chairman of Informatics and Telecommunication Working Group of Fidesz. 40 of his motions were on the agenda of the Hungarian Parliament since 2006. The floor was given to him on 11 occasions. In 2007, he became a member of the Consumer Protection Ad Hoc Committee.
In 2010 he was appointed a state secretary of the Ministry of National Development. Under the Hungarian EU chairmanship, Nyitrai served as the President of the European Council of Ministers of Telecommunications. He functioned as Prime Minister's Commissioner for the Government's Human Policy between September 2011 and July 2012. In 2014, he was elected individual MP for Eger. In June 2015, he was appointed Ministerial Commissioner for Development in Heves County. He was re-elected MP for Eger during the 2018 parliamentary election.
References
1977 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2022–2026)
People from Eger
Brandon Beresford (born July 15, 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Born in the United States, he represents Guyana at international level.
Club career
Beresford has played college soccer for the Graceland Yellowjackets, and at senior level for Des Moines Menace, Forest City London, Michigan Bucks, FC Tucson, Slingerz FC, Rochester Rhinos, and Peachtree City MOBA.
International career
Despite being born in the United States, Beresford was eligible to represent Guyana at international level, and made his senior debut for them on 17 November 2010.
International goals
Scores and results list Guyana's goal tally first.
References
1992 births
Living people
American sportspeople of Guyanese descent
Citizens of Guyana through descent
American soccer players
Guyanese footballers
Guyanese expatriate footballers
Guyana international footballers
Des Moines Menace players
FC London players
Flint City Bucks players
FC Tucson players
Slingerz FC players
Rochester New York FC players
Soccer players from California
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Guyanese expatriate sportspeople in Canada
USL League Two players
Graceland University alumni
Sportspeople from San Bernardino County, California
People from Loma Linda, California
USL Championship players
Association football midfielders
2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Jasjit Singh (born 4 February 1948) is a former professional tennis player from India.
Biography
Singh, who was born in New Delhi, became the first Sikh to play for the India Davis Cup team when he was selected in the side during the 1974 Davis Cup. His first appearance was a loss to Japan's Toshiro Sakai in a dead rubber, as India had already secured the tie. India then faced the Australian team in the Eastern Zone final and Jasjit was chosen ahead of Anand Amritraj to play the first singles rubber. In front of a Calcutta crowd, Singh managed to beat his Australian opponent Bob Giltinan in four sets, to give India a 1–0 lead. A win by John Alexander was cancelled out by a win to India in the doubles, which meant that Singh had a chance to secure the tie in the reverse singles against Alexander. He was unable to beat Alexander, but India won the tie 3–2 after Vijay Amritraj defeated Giltinan in the deciding match. The next fixture for India was the Inter-Zone semi-final, which they won over the Soviet Union, to qualify for the Davis Cup final. Singh didn't feature in that tie and didn't get a chance to play in the final against South Africa, as the Indians forfeited in protest of the apartheid regime.
On the Grand Prix tennis circuit he made quarter-finals at Buenos Aires in 1972 and at his home event in New Delhi in 1973. He was a doubles finalist with Marcello Lara in the 1977 Indian Open, held in Bombay.
He competed in the main singles draw of all four Grand Slam tournaments. His greatest success came in the mixed doubles, a quarter-final appearance at the 1973 US Open, with Ilana Kloss.
Since retiring he has lived in New York.
Grand Prix career finals
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
See also
List of India Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Indian male tennis players
Racket sportspeople from Delhi
Indian Sikhs
Indian expatriates in the United States
Maj Sønstevold (born Lundén; 9 September 1917 – 14 March 1996) was a Swedish composer who lived and worked in Norway.
Biography
Maj Sønstevold was born in Sollefteå, Sweden. She studied piano in Stockholm and with Billy Mayerl in London. She married Norwegian composer Gunnar Sønstevold and in 1945 moved to Norway, where she worked as a composer and music teacher. Later she and her family spent time in Vienna, where she studied with Hanns Jelinek and Karl Schiske and graduated in composition in 1966 from the Akademisches Hauptseminar.
From 1971–1985 Sønstevold taught in the Music Department of Oslo University. In 1974 she and her husband founded The Maj and Gunnar Sønstevold Music Institute in Rakkestad.
Søstevold held a number of positions on the Norwegian music scene and served as a board member of organisations Music Information Centre Norway, the Norwegian Society of Composers and the Norwegian Academy of Music.
Production
Maj Sønstevold composed jazz, light music and avant garde music for theatre, film, radio and television. She also composed for orchestra, chamber ensemble, choir and solo instrument.
Selected works
Film music
Skøytekongen (1953)
Trost i taklampa (1955)
Toya (1956)
Elias Rekefisker (1958)
Lån meg din kone (1958)
Støv på hjernen (1959)
Millionær for en aften (1960)
Venner (1960)
Villmarken kaller (1964)
Fjolls til fjells (with Gunnar Sønstevold) (1957)
Ann Magrit (with Gunnar Sønstevold) (1965)
Fridtjof Nansen (with Gunnar Sønstevold) (1965)
Music for stage productions
Amor og Psyche (1968)
Bjurra (1969)
Frøken Rosita (1969)
Skandaleskolen (1969)
Selma Brøter (1970)
Dickie Dick Dickens (with G. Sønstevold) (1962)
Benoni og Rosa (with G. Sønstevold) (1975)
Orchestral works
Sørlandssommer (1956)
Den gamle majors forunderlige drømmer (1969)
Balladen om Selma Brøter (1979)
Festouvertyre (1983)
Chamber music
Tema med variasjoner for to diskantinstrumenter og slagverk (1965)
Ni haiku for fløyte, harpe og altstemme (1966)
Stillhet for åtte stemmer, fløyte, klarinett, fiolin, cello, klaver og slagverk (1978)
Ithaca for baryton, fiolin, cello, harpe, klaver (tekst S. Skard) (1983)
Piano
Suite (1963)
Tema med variasjoner (1963)
Sonate (1964)
11 polytonale blues (1978)
Per apera ad astra (1983)
Choir
I Nasaret for barnekor, Orff-instrumenter og fløyte (1980)
Discography
Lars Lillo-Stenberg, Lars Lillo-Stenberg synger Prøysen (2006)
Jørn Simen Øverli, Prøysenvisene som forsvant (2005)
Norwegian Radio Orchestra, Tono - 75 år for Musikken - Fremtiden er Uhørt (2003)
Alexandra Becker, Rolf Becker, Dickie Dick Dickens - fjerde serie: Nå er han her igjen (2003)
Alexandra Becker, Rolf Becker, Dickie Dick Dickens - tredje serie (2001)
Alexandra Becker, Rolf Becker, Dickie Dick Dickens - andre serie (1999)
Alexandra Becker, Rolf Becker, Dickie Dick Dickens - første serie (1998)
Alf Cranner, 50 Beste fra 40 år (2003)
Hanne Krogh, Hanne Krogh (2002)
Wenche Myhre, Du og jeg og vi to (2001)
Alf Prøysen, Velvalgte viser (1998)
Hilde Bekkevold, Kjerringkjeft og Pikekyss (1998)
Alf Prøysen, Prøysens sommer (1994)
Alf Prøysen, Blåklokkeleiken (1993)
Alf Prøysen, Alf Prøysen på grammofon III - komplette plateinnspillinger 1954-1957 (1993)
Jørn Simen Øverli, Jørn Simen Øverli synger Prøysen (1992)
Kari Svendsen, Kari går til filmen (1991)
Lillibeth Lunde Elgstøen, Som dogg i måråsol: Lillibeth Lunde Elgstøen hos Alf Prøysen (1986)
Elisabeth Sønstevold, Per Øien, Romantic Flute and Harp (1985)
Geir Henning Braaten, Norwegian Pianorama (1984)
Anne Lise Gjøstøl, Kom, kom, skal jeg si deg no? (1980)
References
External links
List of works supplied by the National Library of Norway
1917 births
1996 deaths
20th-century classical composers
Music educators
People from Rakkestad
Swedish classical composers
Women classical composers
Swedish women composers
Women music educators
20th-century women composers
20th-century Swedish women
The Sarania Kachari is an ethnic community in the state of Assam, Northeast India. Members of this community are mostly found in the districts of Kamrup (Metro), Kamrup (Rural), Nalbari, Baksa, Udalguri, Darrang, Barpeta, Dhemaji and Bongaigoan. Sarania (also called saru-koch) is a category in the tribe-caste continuum of Assamese society. This category is also known as Phairi in the Nowgong district of Assam. In this category, a tribal neophyte starts giving up on habits such as the drinking of liquor. Scholars have identified an instance of this process taking place in Boroma area in the erstwhile Nalbari district in the late 19th century, where a section of Boro population were assimilated into the Assamese society. The notable surnames used by the community are Sarania, Das, Deka, Choudhury, Medhi, Hazarika etc.
Notes
References
See also
Boro people
Assamese people
Bodo-Kachari people
Scheduled Tribes of India
Bodo-Kachari
Social groups of Assam
Ethnic groups in Northeast India
Ethnic groups in South Asia
The Defence Logistics Organisation (DLO) was a key element of the UK Ministry of Defence, responsible for supporting the armed forces
throughout the various stages of an operation or exercise; from training, deployment, in-theatre training and conduct of operations, through to recovery and recuperation ready for redeployment.
Led by the Chief of Defence Logistics, a four-star officer, the DLO maintained and upgraded military equipment and coordinated its storage and distribution. It had an annual spend of almost £9 billion, representing over 20 per cent of the Defence budget. The DLO employed around 28,000 staff at 80 locations throughout the UK and overseas, and had its headquarters in Bath, England.
History
The Organisation was created in 2000 by the Ministry of Defence ('MOD') who brought together all the logistics departments and MOD central agencies together under a joint command. As of 1 April 2007 the DLO was merged with the Defence Procurement Agency to form a new organisation called Defence Equipment and Support.
Organisation
The DLO was organised along three levels, focusing on output, support and direction.
The Delivery Layer
The Delivery Layer was the customer facing element of the DLO; Integrated Project Teams (IPTs), Naval Bases, Depots, and other front line support units. To provide a single point of accountability for all DLO outputs the DLO assigned Domain two stars whose role was to externally face principal customers. They were - with rank of appointment:
Director General Logistics (Fleet) - Rear Admiral
Land Director General Logistics (Land) - Major General
Strike Director General Logistics (Strike) - Air Vice-Marshal
Director General Logistics (Supply Chain) - Major General
IPTs were brigaded into one-star cluster groups around customer outputs and products to improve coherence and effectiveness:
Enabling Layer
The Enabling Layer provided a range of specialist support to IPTs and others within the DLO and the DPA. The nature, structure, process and size of the enabling layer was defined from the restructuring work which ran throughout 2004. The enabling services became more streamlined than before and were set up to improve ways of working.
Defence Logistics Board
The DLO Board was chaired by the Chief of Defence Logistics. It provided strategic leadership, direction and governance to the DLO and acted as the ultimate decision-making body in the DLO. It was supported by the Output Board, Enabling Services Board and Procurement Board.
The DLO Board provided strategic direction to meet the current challenges and future logistics requirements of the front line customers and stakeholders effectively. The strategy provided a framework to help people make decisions that align with the overall direction of the DLO.
Board Membership
As at March 2007:
Chief of Defence Logistics (CDL) - General
Deputy Chief of Defence Logistics (DCDL) - Senior Civil Servant.
Director General Logistics (Fleet) - DGLog (Fleet) - Rear Admiral
Director General Logistics (Land) - DGLog (Land) - Major General
Director General Logistics (Strike) - DGLog (Strike) - Air Vice-Marshal
Director General Logistics (Supply Chain) - DGLog (SuppChn) - Major General
Director General Nuclear - DGNuc - Rear Admiral
Director General Logistics (Procurement) - Senior Civil Servant
Director General Defence Logistic Transformation (DLTP) - Air Vice-Marshal
Director General Logistics (Resources) - DGLog (Res) - Senior Civil Servant
Technical Director - Rear Admiral
Assistant Chief of Defence Staff (Logistics Operations) - ACDS (LogOps) - Air Vice-Marshal
Director General Acquisition People - DGAP - Senior Civil Servant
Chief Executive Defence Communications Services Agency - CE DCSA - Rear Admiral
In addition there were two Non-Executive directors who also sat on the board.
Hot topics for the DLO
Restructuring
The DLO was undertaking a major restructuring programme, aimed at improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the organisation. The first phase of restructuring concentrated mainly on making the enabling layer more effective. The second phase, which began in April 2005, was to embed the changes to date and improve effectiveness across the whole organisation in order to deliver equipment better to the armed forces.
Co-location
Work was underway to co-locate parts of the DLO with the DPA in the Bristol/Bath area to create an acquisition hub. This initiative is continuing to be implemented by DE&S.
Procurement Reform
Procurement Reform was a separate but integral part of the Defence Logistics Transformation Programme, focusing specifically on industry where the DLO spends about 80 per cent of its money. Over 30 market-facing Category Management Teams have been set up to support IPTs in addressing areas of spend and identifying savings and improvements. For some categories the scope extends into the rest of the department to establish a more corporate approach to procurement across MOD.
DLO/DPA Joint Working
Joint Working was intended to improve the way the DLO and DPA (Defence Procurement Agency) worked together. The aim is to harmonise processes and minimise burden on the delivering and enabling groups, ensuring that we work efficiently and minimise duplications of effort. It is about reducing burden, increasing efficiency and improving coherence for IPTs and enabling services, and aligning strategic direction.
Defence Industrial Strategy
The Defence Industrial Strategy (DIS) follows and enforces the Defence Industrial Policy and the need to provide the armed forces with the equipment which they require, on time, and at best value for money for the taxpayer. It had a significant bearing on how the DLO conducted its business. It requires: Focus on through life capability management, developing how support is to be applied through life and how
incremental acquisition is used to maintain capability at the cutting edge of technology. Identification of appropriate sovereign capability to be maintained. A clear understanding of the impact of procurement
strategies on industry's capability, at both supplier and sector levels, current and future. Transparency with industry to shape medium and long term strategic decisions and to create partnering agreements. These arrangements will be used to underpin and demonstrate value for money for defence, with competition still being used where appropriate. Identification and development of the right skills and shared values to enable the acquisition community to deliver the most effective solutions.
Defence Logistic Programme
UK armed forces must be capable of responding to a complex variety of threats worldwide. Logistics support also has to change to keep pace with demands around the operational planning cycle. CDL was appointed as departmental process owner for logistics by the Defence Management Board in 2004 to ensure coherence in responding to this requirement. Supported by the Defence Logistics Board (DLB), whose
members include front line commanders and representatives of MOD Centre, CDL's vision for defence logistics was for it to be a highly effective, agile and network-capable component that enhances the commander's ability to execute his mission successfully. CDL stated that:
The logistics changes required to meet this intent, which cross organisational boundaries, were contained in the Defence Logistics Programme launched in April 2006. This set out the strategic direction for logistics, allowing the DLB to manage the performance of logistics, provided an assessment of areas in which defence logistics must move forward over a 15-year period, and developed a programme for the next five years.
See also
Ministry of Defence (United Kingdom)
Green fleet
White fleet
References
External links
DLO Website (archive)
MOD Defence Communications Services Agency (DCSA)
MOD Home page
Defunct executive agencies of the United Kingdom government
Government agencies established in 2000
Government agencies disestablished in 2007
Military logistics of the United Kingdom
Defence agencies of the United Kingdom
Organisations based in Bath, Somerset
United Kingdom defence procurement
2000 establishments in the United Kingdom
2007 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
"Money Don't Matter 2 Night" is a song by American musician Prince and The New Power Generation from their 1991 album, Diamonds and Pearls. Co-written with Rosie Gaines, the lyrics deal directly with money, poverty, and greed. Overall, the song is a smooth delivery with layered vocals by Prince.
The B-side is a previously unreleased track "Call the Law", with lead vocals by Tony M., supplemented by Rosie Gaines on the chorus. Prince provides guitar solos throughout the song. The track was added to the New Power Generation release Goldnigga in 1993. The UK 12-inch single and CD release also included the album track "Push".
Critical reception
Patrick Corcoran from Albumism said, "As lyrically scathing as anything he'd written to that point, it included the scarily prescient line "anything's better than a picture of a child in a cloud of gas"." He added, "Capturing the zeitgeist as Iraq was invaded for the first time, but also heartbreakingly, perpetually relevant to our times too, Prince's restrained delivery fits perfectly." Stephen Thomas Erlewine from AllMusic noted "the extraordinary Philly soul" of "the neglected masterpiece", viewing it as a "terrific" pop single. Mike Diver for the BBC stated in his 2010 review, that "there's no doubting Money Don't Matter 2 Night is the heart and soul of this album. A slow-paced strut, the track's a celebration of realising that hard cash isn't the be all and end all of one's existence". A reviewer from Cashbox noted, "The single is real mellow and more laid-back compared to most of his previous material. This cut should attract R&B, adult contemporary, pop and easy listening radio stations with ease. Mark down another hit."
David Browne from Entertainment Weekly called it "one startling moment" from the album, that "is sung in a soulful growl that sounds utterly unaffected". He also added that it "sports a slinky, subtle groove that recalls the maturity of Stevie Wonder's early-'70s heyday." A writer from the Gavin Report commented, "Strictly a lyrical record in which Prince speaks of the priceless and the invaluable as well as the here-today and the gone-tomorrow. An easy-going, if not carefree musical treat." Simon Price from The Guardian picked the song as a "highlight" from the album, describing it as "thoughtfully mature". Another editor, Alexis Petridis said it is "a fantastic song, the smoothness of its sound and delivery masking a punchy, politically engaged lyric that takes in both consumerism and Operation Desert Storm." Pan-European magazine Music & Media wrote that after a ballad, "Diamonds And Pearls", "his royal badness speeds up the tempo just a little bit, for a nicely floating and immediately catchy number." Tom Doyle from Smash Hits stated that it is "the best song" on the LP, and "the best tune he's done for years." He added that here, Prince "gets into a laidback groove".
Chart performance
The song was an overall modest hit, reaching numbers 23 and 24 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and Hot 100 Airplay charts respectively, number 14 on the Hot R&B Singles chart, and number 27 on the Airplay chart. It also reached number 19 in the UK, number 18 in Australia, and number seven in the Netherlands.
Music videos
The song is notable for its promotional video, directed by Spike Lee. Featuring a poverty-stricken African-American family, with no shots of Prince, it was considered overly political and not "MTV friendly". A second version was issued, which included footage of the song performed by Prince and The New Power Generation, which was directed by Sotera Tschetter.
Charts
Release history
References
Prince (musician) songs
1991 songs
1992 singles
Music videos directed by Spike Lee
Paisley Park Records singles
Song recordings produced by Prince (musician)
Songs written by Prince (musician)
Warner Records singles
Khayla Pointer (born November 25, 1998) is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Fever of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). She played college basketball at LSU from 2017 to 2022.
College career
Coming out of high school, Pointer was a 4-Star recruit and ranked the 70th overall recruit in ESPN HoopGurlz Ranking. Pointer was the 14th ranked player from Prospect Nation before she made a commitment to play for the LSU Tigers program. When she committed, her aunt Nikki Fargas was the head coach of the team.
During her freshman season, Pointer played in all 29 games for the Tigers, making 2 starts. She averaged 4.4 points, 1.4 rebounds, and 2.2 assists during the year. She scored a season-high in points on January 14, 2017, when LSU played Florida. Pointer scored 17 points on 6-11 shooting , while also grabbing 5 rebounds.
Pointer moved into the starting role during her sophomore season and made a big impact for the Tigers. She increased her minutes per game to 31.7 and her scoring jumped up from the 4.4 her freshman season to 12.5 a game. In her junior season, Pointer once again averaged over 30+ minutes a game and became the team's leading scorer at 14.8 points. She became one of the SEC's best guards as she was Top 10 in many statical categories. Pointer ranked 10th in scoring, 3rd in assists, 5th in steals, 7th in assist/turnover ratio, and 10th in free throw percentage. Pointer was rewarded for her top play and was named to the SEC All-Second Team in 2020.
On December 20, 2022, Pointer scored her 1,000th career point against Loyola Marymount as the Tigers won 54-52. Pointer again had a great statistical year for the Tigers averaging 16.9 points, 4.1 rebounds, 4.1 assists, and was named to the All- SEC 1st Team and the All-Defensive Team.
On April 9, 2021, it was announced that Pointer would return to LSU for her COVID-Extra year to play a 5th year for the Tigers. Later that month, LSU hired Kim Mulkey as their new head coach. Mulkey stated that “She (Pointer) is an all-conference player, and she is a leader out there on the floor,” Mulkey. “She's learning. It's a new system for her. She will be one of our leaders as will Faus (Fuastine Aifuwa) and (Jailin) Cherry,” at one of her preseason press conferences.
In her graduate season, Pointer was a finalist for the Nancy Lieberman Point Guard Award. She was named to the All-SEC 1st Team and made the AP and Sports Illustrated All-American 2nd Teams, as well as the USBWA All-American Third Team. She averaged a career best 19.6 points, 6.4 rebounds, and 5.3 assists.
College statistics
Professional career
Pointer was selected by the Las Vegas Aces in the 2nd round of the 2022 WNBA Draft with the 13th overall pick. Pointer was waived on May 2, 2022, and did not make the Aces' roster.
Indiana Fever
On June 14, 2022, Pointer was signed by the Indiana Fever.
References
External links
WNBA bio
LSU Tigers bio
1998 births
Living people
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Guards (basketball)
LSU Lady Tigers basketball players
Las Vegas Aces draft picks
People from Marietta, Georgia
The 2019–20 Taça de Angola was the 38th edition of the Taça de Angola, the second most important and the top knock-out football club competition in Angola following the Girabola.
The tournament was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Stadia and locations
Preliminary rounds
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
See also
2019–20 Girabola
2019–20 Angola Super Cup
2019–20 CAF Confederation Cup
External links
profile at girabola.com
References
Angola Cup
Cup
Angola
Achille Tramarin (Padua, 12 August 1946 - Padua, 29 June 2017) was an Italian Venetist politician.
In 1978–1980 he took part to the foundation of Liga Veneta and in 1980 he was elected first national secretary of the party. During the party's first official meeting in Recoaro on 9 December 1979, Tramarin gave a famous speech titled Venetian Autonomy and Europe: "Today for Venetians the moment has come, after 113 years of Italian unitary colonization, to take their natural and human resources back, to fight against the wild exploitation that has brought emigration, pollution and rooting out from their culture".
In 1983 he was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies and thus became the first deputy of his party's history. Soon after the election Franco Rocchetta, who had been behind the scenes up to that moment and was disappointed by his missed election, hinted that Tramarin should step down from the post of party leader. After a power struggle, Rocchetta won the battle for the party's leadership and Tramarin was replaced as national secretary by Marilena Marin, future wife of Rocchetta. Subsequently, Tramarin, while continuing to represent Liga Veneta in the Italian Parliament, was ousted from the party and formed Liga Veneta Serenissima, which proved to be a very unsuccessful political party, gaining only 0.2% of the vote in the 1985 regional election.
Tramarin never joined Lega Nord but had been active in Liga Veneta Repubblica, a minor Venetist party led by Fabrizio Comencini.
References
1946 births
2017 deaths
Politicians from Padua
Venetist politicians
Deputies of Legislature IX of Italy
Gustav Gierløff Klem (1898-1959) was a Norwegian forester.
Biography
Klem was born in Porsgrunn. He took the Dr. Agric. degree in 1937, and was a professor at the Norwegian Forest Research Institute from 1951 to his death. He was a co-founder of the periodical Norsk Skogbruk and the research institute Norsk Treteknisk Institutt.
References
1898 births
1959 deaths
Norwegian foresters
Forestry academics
People from Porsgrunn
Professor Herbert George Andrewartha, BS (UWA), MAgSc (Melb), DSc (Adel), FAA, (21 December 1907 – 27 January 1992) was a distinguished Australian research scientist in the fields of entomology, biology, zoology and animal ecology.
Early life
Andrewartha was born the second of three children, on 21 December 1907 in Perth, Western Australia to George and Elsie. His father was a teacher, and the family moved frequently from school to school with the education department, in rural Western Australia.
Andrewartha received his Bachelor of Agriculture from the University of Western Australia. He later received his doctorate from the University of Adelaide in 1972.
Career
Andrewartha became the most influential Australian ecologist, best known for attributing density-independent forces, such as weather, to be even more important than density-dependent factors in influencing population regulation. In 1933, Andrewartha began his studies on apple thrips, Thrips imaginis, but later transitioned his studies to the plague grasshopper, Austroicetes, when he moved to Adelaide in 1935.
This led to his first publication with his former student Charles Birch in 1941, "The influence of weather on grasshopper plagues in South Australia". In 1945, when his mentor James Davidson died, Andrewartha inherited 15 years of data collected on thrips population. After several years of statistical analysis of that data, Andrewartha and Birch demonstrated strong connections between thrips physiology, population levels, and other environment factors. This led to the publication of two major books, The Distribution and Abundance of Animals (1954) and The Ecological Web (1984). Through this work, Andrewartha and Birch found a new school of population ecology, which emphasized the role of environmental controls as opposed to a community-dependent approach based on density-dependent factors. The joint work of Andrewartha and Birch earned them the "Eminent Ecologist Award" from the Ecological Society of America, which had never before been presented jointly to two persons
The following timeline depicts the scope of his employment, responsibilities and publications throughout his career—
1929 Entomologist in the Department of Agriculture of Western Australia
1933 Biologist, CSIR, Melbourne and worked the School of Agriculture and Forestry at the University of Melbourne
1935–1954 Entomologist at the Waite Agricultural Research Institute
1952 President of the Royal Society of South Australia (RSSA)
1954 The Distribution and Abundance of Animals published
1954–1962 Reader in Animal Ecology, University of Adelaide
1961 Introduction to the Study of Animal Populations published
1961 Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science (FAA)
1962–1972 Professor of Zoology, University of Adelaide (Emeritus Professor 1973)
1984 The ecological web : more on the distribution and abundance of animals published
Significant work
General theory of the distribution and abundance of animals
The ecology of Thrips imaginis
The ecology of Austroicetes cruciata
Diapause, period of suspended development in an invertebrate, or mammal embryo, especially during poor environmental conditions
The Queensland fruitfly Dacus tryoni
Honours and awards
Andrewartha received many prestigious awards including the Clarke Medal from the Royal Society of New South Wales, Verco Medal from the Royal Society of South Australia, and the Gold Medal from Australian Ecological Society in 1987. He was President of the Nature Conservation Society of South Australia and Chairman of the National Parks and Wildlife Advisory Council of South Australia.
1954 David Syme Research Prize of the University of Melbourne (with Charles Birch)
1962 Verco Medal of the Royal Society of South Australia
1968 Clarke Medal of the Royal Society of New South Wales
1987 Gold Medal of the Australian Ecological Society
1988 Eminent Ecologist Award of the Ecological Society of America for 1988 to Andrewartha and Birch
Publications
1954: The Distribution and Abundance of Animals. Chicago: University of Chicago Press (with Charles Birch)
1961: Introduction to the Study of Animal Populations. Chicago: University of Chicago Press; London: Methuen & Co
1971: Introduction to the Study of Animal Populations, 2nd ed. Chicago: University of Chicago Press; London: Methuen & Co which includes additional information and adjustments.
1984: The Ecological Web. Chicago: University of Chicago Press (with Charles Birch)
Retirement and death
Andrewartha retired in 1972. In 1975 he suffered a serious stroke, but continued writing his last book with Birch. He died on 27 January 1992 at the age of 84.
He married Harriett Vevers Steele, herself a trained entomologist, in Melbourne in 1935. Predeceased by his wife, Andrewartha was survived by his son Graeme and daughter Susan Dutch.
Legacy
The HG Andrewartha Medal of the Royal Society of South Australia, was established to recognise outstanding research by an early-career, young Australian scientist.
References
1907 births
1992 deaths
Australian entomologists
Australian ecologists
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
20th-century Australian zoologists
University of Adelaide alumni
University of Western Australia alumni
Anoush Dastgir (born 27 November 1989) is an Afghan football manager and retired player, who is the current head coach of both the Afghanistan national team and VV DUNO in Hoofdklasse.
Early life
Dastgir, born in Afghanistan, grew up in Pakistan and India due to his father being a political refugee before settling in the Netherlands.
Coaching career
Afghanistan
On July 10, 2018, Dastgir was announced by the Afghanistan Football Federation as the new head coach of the Afghanistan football team succeeding Otto Pfister.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Afghan men's footballers
Afghanistan international footballers
Association football midfielders
Afghan emigrants to the Netherlands
Afghan expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
FC Lienden players
Footballers from Kabul
VV Capelle players
Afghanistan national football team managers
CoRoT-7c is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star CoRoT-7, located approximately 489 light years away in the constellation Monoceros. It's either a super-Earth or a Neptune-like planet, orbiting at 0.046 AU from the star, taking 3.7 days or 89 hours to make one round trip around the star.
Discovery
The discovery of the planet was announced in February 2009, during the First Corot Symposium. It was discovered during the follow-up started in order to confirm the existence of CoRoT-7b, a super-Earth uncovered by the CoRoT mission. However, unlike CoRoT-7b, it was not detected by the transit method from the CoRoT satellite, but only by the radial velocity method using HARPS from La Silla Observatory, Chile. A posteriori search of transits of CoRoT-7c in the lightcurve of the star CoRoT-7 yielded a negative result, confirming the planet is not transiting. As a consequence no radius measurement is available, and no density and structure models of the planet can be established.
Characteristics
Like CoRoT-7b, the mass of CoRoT-7c is weakly constrained, since the radial velocity data is noisy due to the presence of stellar activity. Published mass measurements range from 8.4 Earth masses to 13.5 Earth masses, passing through 12.4 Earth masses and 13.1 Earth masses. This mass range encompasses the Super-Earths to Neptunes transition, so the nature of CoRoT-7c, either a rocky planet or an ice giant, remains unclear. However, if the larger mass estimates are correct, CoRoT-7c is probably a hot Uranus-like planet. Chances are high that planet's rotation is tidally locked to the orbital period, with one side of the planet always facing the star CoRoT-7 and the other one in permanent darkness.
A possible third planet, CoRoT-7d, may be present in the system, but pending further observations its status remains unconfirmed. If this planet is confirmed, strong mutual gravitational forces could be exchanged between these planets, leading to powerful tidal forces.
Doubts about existence
A published study cast doubt on CoRoT-7c's existence, arguing that the combined presence of stellar activity and additional errors on HARPS radial velocity measurements preclude a meaningful search for additional companions besides CoRoT-7b. However, all the other studies seem to confirm the planet's existence: the signal in the HARPS data of CoRoT-7c is detected in analysis of different type, does not seem to be correlated with stellar activity and is stronger than the signal associated with the confirmed CoRoT-7b. The remarkable stability and precision showed by the HARPS spectrograph also speaks in favour of the detection. The status of CoRoT-7c seems very well confirmed.
References
Exoplanets discovered in 2009
Monoceros (constellation)
Exoplanets detected by radial velocity
Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of Suffolk (1367 – 17 September 1415) was an English nobleman who supported Henry IV (reigned 1399–1413) against Richard II (reigned 1377–1399) during the turmoils of the late 14th century. He died during the Siege of Harfleur in 1415. He was the eldest son of Michael de la Pole, 1st Earl of Suffolk and Katherine Wingfield, daughter of Sir John Wingfield.
His father fled abroad amid accusations of treason during the Merciless Parliament in 1388, forfeiting the title of Earl of Suffolk and the family estates. Over the next decade the younger Michael de la Pole made vigorous attempts to recover these lands, and obtained most of them piecemeal between 1389 and 1392, following his father's death. However, his close association with the Lords Appellant, particularly the Earl of Warwick and the Duke of Gloucester prejudiced Richard II against him. He finally obtained the restoration of the earldom in January 1398.
While he obeyed the summons of the Duke of York to defend the kingdom against Henry Bolingbroke in July 1399, Suffolk did not object to the disbandment of York's army and consented to the deposition of Richard II in the summer of 1399. While the first Parliament of Henry IV technically upheld the forfeitures of the Merciless Parliament, Henry IV immediately restored de la Pole's estates and title in recognition of his support. However, he spent the remainder of his life trying to obtain possession of the remaining estates which had not been restored.
He played a relatively small role in national politics, although he regularly attended Parliament. He took part in the campaign in Scotland in 1400, in naval operations around 1405, and served as the senior English diplomat at the Council of Pisa (1409). Suffolk also acted as a lieutenant of the Duke of Clarence during his campaign of 1412–1413. However, he devoted most of his energies to re-establishing de la Pole influence in East Anglia. He took the role of a justice of the peace in Norfolk and Suffolk from 1399, and assembled a considerable following among the local gentry. He completed his father's building plans at Wingfield, Suffolk, and enlarged the local church.
Suffolk brought 40 men-at-arms and 120 archers with him on the 1415 campaign of Henry V in France. He died of dysentery at Harfleur, and was succeeded by his eldest son Michael, who later died at Agincourt.
Issue
Michael married Katherine de Stafford, daughter of Hugh de Stafford, 2nd Earl of Stafford. They were parents to at least eight children:
Michael de la Pole (1394-1415), 3rd Earl of Suffolk
William de la Pole (1396-1450), 1st Duke of Suffolk
Sir Alexander de la Pole (died 1429). Killed at the Battle of Jargeau.
Sir John de la Pole (died 1429). Died as a prisoner in France.
Sir Thomas de la Pole (aft. 1397–1433). Died in France while a hostage for his brother William. He had a daughter
Katherine de la Pole (1416–1488, buried in Rowley Abbey, Oxfordshire), second wife of Sir Miles Stapleton.
Katherine de la Pole (1410-1473), Abbess at Barking.
Isabel de la Pole (died 1466), married Thomas de Morley, 5th Baron Morley.
Elizabeth de la Pole, married (1) Edward Burnell, son of Hugh Burnell, 2nd Baron Burnell, and (2) Sir Thomas Kerdeston
References
Suffolk, Michael de la Pole, 3rd Earl of
Michael
Suffolk, Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of
Suffolk, Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of
Suffolk, Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of
Infectious disease deaths in France
The 53rd edition of the Femina Miss India beauty pageant was held on 9 April 2016 in Mumbai. Twenty-one contestants competed for the titles of Femina Miss India 2016. Aditi Arya crowned Priyadarshini Chatterjee as her successor. She represented India at Miss World 2016, Sushruthi Krishna was crowned as the 1st Runner-Up by Aafreen Vaz, and Pankhuri Gidwani was crowned as the 2nd Runner-Up by Vartika Singh.
Priyadarshini Chatterjee who won Femina Miss India World 2016 represented India at Miss World 2016 held in the USA and placed in the top 20. Pankhuri Gidwani who won Femina Miss India 2nd Runner-Up 2016 was designated Miss Grand India 2016 and represented India at Miss Grand International 2016 held in the USA.
After the Femina Miss India 2016 pageant, Lopamudra Raut who was not a contestant at Femina Miss India 2016, but had been a contestant in the 2013 and 2014 editions, was later designated by Femina as India's representative at Miss United Continents 2016 held in Ecuador where she placed as 2nd Runner-Up.
Final results
Color keys
*: Although Lopamudra Raut was not a contestant in Femina Miss India 2016, she was later appointed by Femina as the representative of India in Miss United Continents 2016.
Contestants
Judging panel
Amy Jackson
Kabir Khan
Yami Gautam
Arjun Kapoor
Ekta Kapoor
Sanjay Dutt
Sania Mirza
Manish Malhotra
Mireia Lalaguna - Miss World 2015 from Spain
Shane Peacock
Presenters
Manish Paul - Host
Karan Johar - Host
Shahrukh Khan - Final Results
Shahid Kapoor
Varun Dhawan - Introducing Top 5
City pageant winners
Winners of the City Pageants will get a direct entry to fbb Femina Miss India 2016.
Femina Miss India Bangalore
Femina Miss India Bangalore 2016 winners
Femina Miss India Kolkata
Femina Miss India Kolkata 2016 winners
Femina Miss India Delhi
Femina Miss India Delhi 2016 winners
References
External links
Femina Miss India 2016 Finalists
2016
2016 in India
2016 beauty pageants
A semantics encoding is a translation between formal languages. For programmers, the most familiar form of encoding is the compilation of a programming language into machine code or byte-code. Conversion between document formats are also forms of encoding. Compilation of TeX or LaTeX documents to PostScript are also commonly encountered encoding processes. Some high-level preprocessors such as OCaml's Camlp4 also involve encoding of a programming language into another.
Formally, an encoding of a language A into language B is a mapping of all terms of A into B. If there is a satisfactory encoding of A into B, B is considered at least as powerful (or at least as expressive) as A.
Properties
An informal notion of translation is not sufficient to help determine expressivity of languages, as it permits trivial encodings such as mapping all elements of A to the same element of B. Therefore, it is necessary to determine the definition of a "good enough" encoding. This notion varies with the application.
Commonly, an encoding is expected to preserve a number of properties.
Preservation of compositions
soundness For every n-ary operator of A, there exists an n-ary operator of B such that
completeness For every n-ary operator of A, there exists an n-ary operator of B such that
(Note: as far as the author is aware of, this criterion of completeness is never used.)
Preservation of compositions is useful insofar as it guarantees that components can be examined either separately or together without "breaking" any interesting property. In particular, in the case of compilations, this soundness guarantees the possibility of proceeding with separate compilation of components, while completeness guarantees the possibility of de-compilation.
Preservation of reductions
This assumes the existence of a notion of reduction on both language A and language B. Typically, in the case of a programming language, reduction is the relation which models the execution of a program.
We write for one step of reduction and for any number of steps of reduction.
soundness For every term of language A, if then .
completeness For every term of language A and every term of language B, if then there exists some such that .
This preservation guarantees that both languages behave the same way. Soundness guarantees that all possible behaviours are preserved while completeness guarantees that no behaviour is added by the encoding. In particular, in the case of compilation of a programming language, soundness and completeness together mean that the compiled program behaves accordingly to the high-level semantics of the programming language.
Preservation of termination
This also assumes the existence of a notion of reduction on both language A and language B.
soundness for any term , if all reductions of converge, then all reductions of converge.
completeness for any term , if all reductions of converge, then all reductions of converge.
In the case of compilation of a programming language, soundness guarantees that the compilation does not introduce non-termination such as endless loops or endless recursions. The completeness property is useful when language B is used to study or test a program written in language A, possibly by extracting key parts of the code: if this study or test proves that the program terminates in B, then it also terminates in A.
Preservation of observations
This assumes the existence of a notion of observation on both language A and language B. In programming languages, typical observables are results of inputs and outputs, by opposition to pure computation. In a description language such as HTML, a typical observable is the result of page rendering.
soundness for every observable on terms of A, there exists an observable of terms of B such that for any term with observable , has observable .
completeness for every observable on terms of A, there exists an observable on terms of B such that for any term with observable , has observable .
Preservation of simulations
This assumes the existence of notion of simulation on both language A and language B. In a programming languages, a program simulates another if it can perform all the same (observable) tasks and possibly some others. Simulations are used typically to describe compile-time optimizations.
soundness for every term , if simulates then simulates .
completeness for every term , if simulates then simulates .
Preservation of simulations is a much stronger property than preservation of observations, which it entails. In turn, it is weaker than a property of preservation of bisimulations. As in previous cases, soundness is important for compilation, while completeness is useful for testing or proving properties.
Preservation of equivalences
This assumes the existence of a notion of equivalence on both language A and language B. Typically, this can be a notion of equality of structured data or a notion of syntactically different yet semantically identical programs, such as structural congruence or structural equivalence.
soundness if two terms and are equivalent in A, then and are equivalent in B.
completeness if two terms and are equivalent in B, then and are equivalent in A.
Preservation of distribution
This assumes the existence of a notion of distribution on both language A and language B. Typically, for compilation of distributed programs written in Acute, JoCaml or E, this means distribution of processes and data among several computers or CPUs.
soundness if a term is the composition of two agents then must be the composition of two agents .
completeness if a term is the composition of two agents then must be the composition of two agents such that and .
See also
Bisimulation
Compiler
Semantics
Semantic dictionary encoding (SDE)
External links
The Program Transformation Wiki
Formal languages
Faktum is a street newspaper sold by homeless people in Gothenburg and other cities in southern Sweden. It is the equivalent of Situation Sthlm in Stockholm, Aluma in Malmö, Lund and Helsingborg, and The Big Issue in English-speaking countries.
The paper was founded in 2001.
In 2006 it was awarded the grand prize of the Swedish Publicists' Association (Publicistklubben) together with its sister papers Situation Sthlm and Aluma.
See also
List of street newspapers
Homelessness in Sweden
References
External links
(archived)
Street newspapers
Newspapers published in Sweden
Mass media in Gothenburg
2001 establishments in Sweden
Publications established in 2001
Monthly newspapers
Bounmy Thephavong (born 12 December 1965) is a Laotian boxer. He competed in the men's light flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Laotian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Laos
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Light-flyweight boxers
The Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers (Militia) is the most senior regiment of the British Army Reserve. The regiment was formed in 1539 during the reign of by King Henry VIII, making it the second oldest regiment of the British Army (The Honorable Artillery Company was formed in 1537). The R Mon RE (M) became a militia unit in 1660 and then became a part of the Royal Engineers in 1877.
History
The two 'Royals'
The regiment was formed as a posse comitatus in 1539 during the reign of by King Henry VIII; it went on to become a trained band and then a militia unit in 1660. It is unique in having the word 'Royal' appear twice in its name. It gained the first Royal in 1804 when it was the Monmouth and Brecon Militia. The second was acquired in 1877 when the regiment transferred from an infantry unit into a Special Reserve section of the expanding Royal Engineers.
On 1 April 1967, the existing regiment absorbed 43rd Wessex Division RE (TA), 48th South Midland Division RE (TA) and 53rd Welsh Division RE (TA).
Seniority dispute with the Honourable Artillery Company
The records of the Honorable Artillery Company (HAC) indicate that it was formed two years prior to the Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers (Militia). However, in 1930 the Army Council (Army Board from 1964) reviewed the Army's precedence table and King George V agreed that, on account of its status as a militia unit, the Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers (Militia) were the senior regiment. In 1957 the matter was investigated further and Queen Elizabeth II also agreed that the Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers (Militia) were the senior regiment:
From:-Lieut.-Colonel The Rt. Hon. Sir Michael Adeane, K.C.B., K.C.V.O . Private Secretary to the Queen, Buckingham Palace, S.W.1. 12th March, 1957.
My dear Playfair,
Thank you for your letter of 8th March which I have laid before The Queen and which Her Majesty has read with interest.
I am to say that the recommendation of the Honours and Distinctions Committee with regard to the relative precedence of the Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers and the Honourable ArtiIlery Company meets with the Queen's approval.
Yours sincerely,
M. E. ADEANE
The Royal Jersey Militia
The Jersey Militia were brought under the command of the R Mon RE (M) in 2007. The Jersey Militia was formed in 1337 when Edward III ordered "all his faithful peoples of the islands" to be prepared - by forming a militia - for possible war with France. The militia defended the island against several pirate raids, and in 1549 against a French invasion attempt. The militia played a role in the Battle of Jersey, for which its actions gained it the 'Royal' title.
Current organisation
The current organisation of the regiment is as follows:
Regimental Headquarters and Headquarters Troop, at Monmouth Castle
100 (Militia) Field Squadron, at Chapman House, Cwmbran
1 Troop, at Artillery Grounds, Bristol
Cardiff Troop
108 (Welsh) Field Squadron (Militia), at John Chard VC House, Swansea
225 (City of Birmingham) Field Squadron (Militia), at Gundolph House, Oldbury
1 Troop, at Baskeyfield House, Stoke-on-Trent
2 Troops, in Cannock
Jersey Field Squadron (Royal Militia of the Island of Jersey), in Saint Helier, Jersey
Guernsey Troop, at Saint Peter Port, Guernsey
Regimental museum
The regimental museum of the Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers is in Monmouth Castle.
Notable Officers
Jules Hudson, television producer and presenter, best known for presenting the BBC series Escape to the Country.
Order of precedence
References
External links
Regimental/Museum/Trust & Dining Club site
Official site
Regimental Museum
Royal Engineers Museum - Militia, Volunteers and Territorials (1757–1979)
1539 establishments in England
History of Monmouthshire
Regiments of the Royal Engineers
Military units and formations in Monmouthshire
Military units and formations in Wales
Monmouthshire
Monmouth, Wales
Military units and formations established in the 16th century
16th-century establishments in Wales
Sandra Piršič (born October 25, 1984) is a Slovenian basketball player for Atomerőmű SE and the Slovenian national team.
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
1984 births
Living people
Slovenian women's basketball players
Sportspeople from Kranj
Centers (basketball)
Slovenian expatriates in Hungary
Arab separatism in Khuzestan refers to the century-long separatist Arab movement in the western part of the Khuzestan Province in Iran.
Since the 1920s, tensions have often resulted in violence and attempted separatism, including the insurgency in 1979, unrest in 2005, terrorist bombings in 2005–2006, protests in 2011, assassinations in 2017, and the 2018 Ahvaz military parade attack.
Iran officially denies any discrimination or the existence of conflict within the country. It has however drawn strong criticism from human rights organizations including accusations of ethnic discrimination and ethnic cleansing.
Demographic background
Khuzestan is inhabited by many different ethnic groups including Iranian Arabs, Bakhtiari, Kurds, Qashqai people, Persians, and Armenians. A near totality of Arabs in Khuzestan are Shia Muslims. Both the urban and rural areas of Khuzestan are populated with Arabs, Persians, and Lurs, who often intermarry.
History
Sheikh Khazal rebellion
Officially within Persian territory, the western region of Khuzestan functioned as an autonomous emirate known as Arabistan for two decades until 1924. From 1922 to 1924, tensions grew due to the rising power of Reza Khan, who later became the Shah of Iran (as Reza Shah), due to his increasingly negative attitude toward tribal autonomies in Iran, his attempts to extract higher taxes, and reduce the authority of Khazal Khan, the Sheikh of Mohammerah and the tribal leader of Arabistan. In response, Sheik Khazal initiated the short-lived Sheikh Khazal rebellion which peaked in November 1924 and was crushed by the newly installed Pahlavi dynasty. At least 115 casualties were sustained. Arabistan was dissolved by Reza Shah's government in 1925, along with other autonomous regions of Persia.
1979 insurgency
The 1979 Khuzestan insurgency erupted in the aftermath of the Iranian Revolution, fed by demands of autonomy for Khuzestan. The uprising was quelled by Iranian security forces, resulting in more than a hundred combined casualties from both sides. The Iranian crackdown in response to the uprising provoked the initiation of the Iranian Embassy Siege of 1980 in London by an Arab separatist group. The terrorists initially demanded autonomy for Khuzestan and later demanded the release of 91 of their comrades held in Iranian jails.
Civil unrest and insurgency (1999-present)
ASMLA establishment
In 1999, Habib Yabar, Habib Asewad Kaabi, and Ahmad Mola Nissi established the Arab Struggle Movement for the Liberation of Ahwaz (ASMLA) in Europe to advocate for an independent Arab state in Khuzestan and has committed acts of terrorism and assassinations in support of this goal. The group is financed and sponsored by Saudi Arabia.
Civil unrest (2005–2015)
On 15 April 2005, civil unrest broke out in Ahvaz and surrounding towns, lasting for four days. Initially, the Iranian Interior Ministry stated that only one person had been killed, but an official at an Ahvaz hospital alleged between 15 and 20 casualties.
Subsequently, a series of bombings were carried out in Ahvaz and other cities in Iran in late 2005 and early 2006, which were blamed upon Sunni Arab separatist groups of Khuzestan.
The 2011 Khuzestan protests, known among protesters as the Ahvaz Day of Rage, erupted on 15 April 2011 in Iranian Khuzestan to mark the anniversary of the 2005 Ahvaz unrest, and as a response to the regional Arab Spring. The protests lasted for four days, resulted in 12 to 15 protesters killed, and many wounded and arrested; one security officer was killed and another wounded. Crackdown on Arab political opposition in the area continued since with arrests and executions. Four Ahwazi men were executed in Iran in June 2012 in relation to the 2011 unrest. The crackdown on Arab Sunni opposition has been condemned by the Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, and others.
In 2013, bombings were carried out in Ahvaz, alleged to have been committed by the ASMLA.
On 23 March 2015, a football match dispute led to anti-government protests in Ahvaz. Local football fans defiantly expressed support for the Saudi al-Hilal football team during the match and burnt pictures of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the late Iranian spiritual leader who led the 1979 Iranian revolution. The opposition National Council of Resistance of Iran said that fans further carried banners declaring that “We are all Younes,” a reference to a street vendor who immolated himself a few days before the match in the nearby city of Khorramshahr. In parallel, Iran's state-run Press TV broadcast confessions of captured ASMLA members who said they had carried out scores of attacks. An Arab protester was killed by Iranian security forces during the events.
On 2 April 2015, three Iranian officers were killed by unidentified gunmen in the city of Hamidiyeh, about 25 kilometers (15 miles) west of the city of Ahvaz.
2016
In early June 2016, a Sunni group known as Suqour al-Ahvaz () blew up the Bou-Ali-Sina Petrochemical Complex in Bandar-E Mahshahr, Khuzestan.
In July 2016, Ahwazi militants of the al-Farouq Brigade of the Ahwazi National Resistance blew up pipelines in the Johar as-Sabaa' district on two occasions. Reportedly, members of the al-Farouq Brigade managed to escape after the operation despite the efforts of the security forces and Revolutionary Guards. According to Algemeiner, the group responsible for the 11 and 17 July attacks was Suqour al-Ahvaz.
In August 2016, Iran executed three men charged with committing an attack in April 2015 which led to the death of three Iranian policemen in Khuzestan province.
In October 2016, a young girl was killed when Iranian security forces attempted to arrest her father.
2017
In early April 2017, an Ahwazi activist was killed by Basij militia in Ma'shour city. In October 2017, Ahmad Mullah Nissi, head of the Arab Struggle Movement for Khuzestan, was assassinated in the Netherlands.
2018
Massive demonstrations erupted in Khuzestan in April 2018, spreading from Ahwaz to several large cities of the province. Ten people were reportedly killed in a fire during one of those demonstrations, which was blamed on Iranian intelligence services by the protesters.
On September 22, 2018, a group of terrorists opened fire on an Iranian Revolutionary Guard parade, killing 25 soldiers and civilians in Ahvaz. The Ahvaz National Resistance, an umbrella organization of all armed separatist movements, claimed responsibility for the terror attack. The Ahvaz National Resistance and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant also claimed responsibility for the attack. The Iranian government blamed ISIL for the attack and retaliated.
Casualties
Total estimate: 342–501 killed (1922–2020):
1922-1924: 115+ killed during Sheikh Khazal rebellion
1979: 25–112 killed during 1979 Khuzestan uprising
1980: 7 killed during the Iranian Embassy siege in London
2005: 1–50 killed during 2005 Ahvaz unrest
2005–2006: 28+ killed in Ahvaz bombings
2011: 13–16 killed in 2011 Khuzestan protests
2012: 4 executed in response to the 2011 protests by Iran
2015: 6 killed in three incidents
2016: 1 killed, 3 executed
2017: 4 killed
2018: 10–39 killed
2019: 91+ killed
2020: 34+ killed
Human rights issues
Minorities at Risk (MAR), a university-based research project has stated that Arabs in Khuzestan have experienced discrimination.
Arab organizations
Arab organizations in Khuzestan were divided into two camps: those seek a separate state, and those who sought regional autonomy within a federal Iran. Critics of these parties claim that separatism has no support among Arabs, and point to the decision by many Iranian Arabs to defend Iran during the Iran–Iraq War. The support shown by Iranian Arabs may have been a result of the knowledge of Shia Muslims in Saddam's Iraq. Critics also contend that separatism has always been instigated by foreign governments – particularly the British – to weaken Iran to control the country's natural resources and extend external influence over the Middle East.
Ahwaz Liberation Organisation
The Ahwaz Liberation Organisation (ALO), based in Maastricht in the Netherlands, was formed from the remnants of three Iraqi-backed groups – the Democratic Revolutionary Front for the Liberation of Arabistan (DRFLA), People's Front for Liberation of Arabistan (PFLA), and the Arab Front for the Liberation of Al-Ahwaz (AFLA). The ALO is a secular pan-Arabist group seeking independence from Iran. The DRFLA was the most notorious of the precursor groups, having been sponsored by Saddam Hussein.
The ALO was founded after the newly installed Islamic government fired on Arab demonstrators in Khorramshahr, killing many of them. The DRFLA was behind the May 1980 Iranian Embassy Siege in London, taking several hostages to draw attention to its demands for the self-determination of the Arab population of Khuzestan. The British Special Air Service (SAS) stormed the building and freed the hostages. Fowzi Badavi Nejad, the only survivor of that group, survived only because some of the embassy hostages had put themselves between him and the SAS soldiers. Some evidence indicated the Iraqi intelligence services had duped Nejad into taking part in the siege. Evidence showed that once he knew the true nature of the group's plans, he only continued because he feared for his family, who had fled from Iran to Iraq.
The ALO's constituent groups operated as a mercenary force on behalf of Saddam's regime during the Iran–Iraq War, and carried out assassinations and attacked oil facilities. Bomb attacks on oil and power facilities have continued since the end of the Iraq War, although the ALO has not formally claimed responsibility. The ALO's leader, the self-styled "President of Al-Ahwaz" Faleh Abdallah Al-Mansouri, has been living in exile in the Netherlands since 1989, shortly after the end of the Iran–Iraq War, and has Dutch citizenship. He has declared himself to be the "President" of Al-Ahwaz, which he claimed extends beyond Khuzestan, and includes much of the coast of Iran. However, during a visit to Syria in May 2006, he was arrested along with Iranian Arabs who were registered as refugees by the UNHCR.
See also
Emirate of Arabistan
Politics of Khuzestan Province
List of modern conflicts in the Middle East
References
Ahvaz
Ahwazi Arabs
Khuzestan
Ethnic conflicts
Independence movements
Khuzestan conflict
Khuzestan Province
Politics and race
Separatism in Iran
Arab separatism
Arab–Iranian conflict
Iran–Iraq relations
Iran–Saudi Arabia relations
Iran–Saudi Arabia proxy conflict
The China men's national field hockey team represents the China in international field hockey matches and tournaments.
History
The team participated at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Most of the players have traditionally been from Inner Mongolia, where the Daur people have been playing Beikou, a game similar to field hockey, for about 1,000 years. The modern game started in China in the mid 1970s. The team has since developed its talent with some overseas Chinese players became eligible to play for the team after 3 years of residence. This is evident in players such as Tim Tsung, who arrived from England 5 years ago and played for the English U16 National team for 3 years (he was signed by the national team and made his debut after a series of successful training sessions and friendly matches).
Tournament history
Summer Olympics
2008 – 11th place
World Cup
2018 – 10th place
Asian Games
1982 – 6th place
1990 – 5th place
1994 – 8th place
1998 – 6th place
2002 – 5th place
2006 –
2010 – 5th place
2014 – 5th place
2022 – Qualified
Asia Cup
1982 –
1985 – 7th place
1989 – 5th place
1994 – 7th place
1999 – 7th place
2003 – 6th place
2007 – 5th place
2009 –
2017 – 7th place
Asian Champions Trophy
2011 – 6th place
2012 – 4th place
2013 – 4th place
2016 – 5th place
World League
2012–13 – 23rd place
2014–15 – 20th place
2016–17 – 16th place
AHF Cup
2022 – Withdrew
Current squad
Squad for the 2018 Men's Hockey World Cup.
Head coach: Kim Sang-ryul
See also
China women's national field hockey team
References
External links
Official website
FIH profile
Asian men's national field hockey teams
National team
Men's national sports teams of China
Andrew Breeze FRHistS FSA (born 1954), has been professor of philology at the University of Navarra since 1987.
Early life
Breeze was born in 1954 and educated at Sir Roger Manwood's School, the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge. In 1986, he worked as a scholar for the Dublin Institude for Advanced Studies at the school of Celtic Studies. He is married with six children.
Work
Besides numerous research papers on the philology of many Celtic languages, he is the author of Medieval Welsh Literature (1997) and The Origins of the "Four Branches of the Mabinogi" (2009). He is also co-authored with Professor Richard Coates of Celtic Voices, English Places (2000).
Breeze has written about Mabinogi studies, and The Mabinogion research, especially addressing historical and political parallels. In 1997 he published the controversial "Did a woman write the Four Branches of the Mabinogi?", proposing a woman composer for this leading literary work of British/ Welsh heritage. Breeze's theory rests on the unusual lack of warlike or fighting heroics compared to preceding literature; the high quantity of material on mothering, besides complex, in-depth portraits of Mabinogi women. This much has been supported or tolerated by some scholars, but there has been discussion regarding Breeze's preferred candidate Gwenllian ferch Gruffydd. Since the 1997 article, Breeze has provided further publications on this topic.
In 2015, he published "The Historical Arthur and Sixth-Century Scotland", which locates King Arthur's battles from the 9th-century Historia Brittonum, placing them all in Scotland and Northern England, with the exception of Mount Badon in the year 493, located at a hillfort east of Braydon Forest, Wiltshire, but having nothing to do with Arthur. Using these identifications, he suggested that Arthur was a Briton from the Kingdom of Strathclyde who fought other Britons, rather than Anglo-Saxons. Other scholars have questioned his findings, which they consider are based on coincidental resemblances between place-names. Nicholas Higham comments that it is difficult to justify identifying Arthur as the leader in northern battles listed in the Historia Brittonum while rejecting the implication in the same work that they were fought against Anglo-Saxons, and that there is no textual justification for separating Badon from the other battles.
Breeze's British Battles 493–937: Mount Badon to Brunanburh was published in 2020 by Anthem Press. As well as reaffirming the Wiltshire site for the 493 battle, it gives new locations for various early conflicts. Amongst them are those of Arthur in 536–7 in southern Scotland and northern England; Degsastan in 603 near Dawyck, on the River Tweed, Scottish Borders; the Battle of Maserfield in 642 at Forden, Powys (and not Oswestry, Shropshire); and Brunanburh in 937 on the River Browney near Lanchester, County Durham (and not Bromborough in Cheshire/Merseyside). This work aims to provide a blueprint for locating a range of battles fought during this early period of British history.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society in 1997 and of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1996.
Books
1997 Medieval Welsh Literature, Four Courts Press ()
2000 (with Richard Coates; including a contribution by David Horovitz) Celtic Voices, English Places: Studies of the Celtic Impact on Place-Names in England, Stamford: Shaun Tyas; ()
2008 The Mary of the Celts, Gracewing ()
2009 The Origins of the "Four Branches of the Mabinogi", Gracewing ()
2020 British Battles 493–937: Mount Badon to Brunanburh, Anthem ()
References
External links
University of Navarra: Andrew Breeze, CV listing publications
Living people
1954 births
Toponymists
English toponymy
Linguists from England
People from Flitwick
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
University of Navarra faculty
English expatriates in Spain
Academics of the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies
Apollonia 6 is the only studio album by R&B vocal trio and Prince protégées Apollonia 6.
The album was initially to be the second release by the Prince-formed group Vanity 6, but when lead singer Vanity departed Prince's camp, the musician hired Apollonia Kotero, thus changing the group's name and album.
Apollonia 6 primarily features the vocals of Kotero and Bennett with backing vocals by Wendy & Lisa and Jill Jones (Susan Moonsie only recorded one song for this album). The album spawned only one hit, "Sex Shooter", which was performed by the group in the film Purple Rain.
Although the album was released primarily on vinyl and audio cassette (Warner Bros. 25108), a CD version of the album was released in Japan in 1990 (WPCP-3701). Warner Bros. initially opted to not issue this album on CD, which has become a highly sought-after collectible and it became later pirated. It was later released in the US, but it is not available for streaming and digital distribution.
Apollonia 6 had a fair chart run, but is considered by some to be a viable part of the Minneapolis sound.
Track listing
1. All the songs on this album were actually written by Prince, but the songwriting credits were given to the group's members.
Personnel
Vocals: Apollonia Kotero, Susan Moonsie, Brenda Bennett
Multi-instruments: Prince & The Revolution
Guitars: Wendy Melvoin
Keyboards: Lisa Coleman
Bass: Mark Brown
Drums, percussion: Sheila E.
Additional backing vocals: Jill Jones, Susannah Melvoin
Production
Produced by Prince (as The Starr ★ Company)
Recorded, engineered and mixed by Peggy McCreary & The Starr ★ Company
Mastered by Bernie Grundman
Singles
Cover versions
"Sex Shooter" was covered by T.H.E.M. Thee Human Ego Maniacs in 2002, by both Firefox and Coco Electrik in 2006, by Frost in 2008, and by both Erika Jayne and Cahill featuring Nikki Belle in 2009.
"Oo She She Wa Wa" was covered by Snax featuring Peaches on his 2004 LP From the Rocking Chair to the Stage, released on Mental Groove Records.
References
1984 debut albums
Apollonia 6 albums
Albums produced by Prince (musician)
Warner Records albums
Albums recorded at Sunset Sound Recorders
The rufous-breasted bush robin (Tarsiger hyperythrus) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, southwestern China, northeast India, northern Myanmar and Nepal.
Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
References
rufous-breasted bush robin
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Yunnan
rufous-breasted bush robin
rufous-breasted bush robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The following is a list of French Open champions in tennis:
Champions
† Not considered to be a Grand Slam event. A French club members only tournament.
†† Disputed champions: Not considered to be a Grand Slam event. Not sanctioned or recognised by the FFT. See Tournoi de France
Senior
Wheelchair
Junior
‡ = a player who won both the junior and senior title.† = a player who won the junior title and reached the senior final.
See also
Lists of champions of specific events
List of French Open men's singles champions
List of French Open women's singles champions
List of French Open men's doubles champions
List of French Open women's doubles champions
List of French Open mixed doubles champions
Other Grand Slam tournament champions
List of Australian Open champions
List of Wimbledon champions
List of US Open champions
Notes
References
Irymple Railway Station was a railway station on the Mildura railway line located between Red Cliffs and Mildura. It was opened in October 1903 when the railway was extended from Ouyen to Mildura and closed with the passenger services to Mildura in 1993. By 1904, a telegraph instrument and goods shed were provided. In 1911, the station building was destroyed by fire. In 1982, the stationmasters office, platforms and remaining facilities were placed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
References
Disused railway stations in Victoria (Australia)
Adolph Marx (February 18, 1915 – November 1, 1965) was a German-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Brownsville in Texas from September to November 1965. He previously served as an auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Corpus Christi in Texas from 1956 to 1965.
Biography
Adolph Marx was born on February 18, 1915 in Cologne, Germany. He was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Corpus Christi on May 2, 1940. On July 6, 1956, Pope Pius XII appointed Marx as an auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Corpus Christi; he was consecrated on October 9, 1956 by Bishop Mariano Simon Garriga.
On July 9, 1965, Pope Paul VI appointed Marx as bishop of the Diocese of Brownsville; he was installed on September 2, 1965.
Adolph Marx died in Cologne while on a visit on November 1, 1965 at age 50.
Notes
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Brownsville
Episcopal succession
1915 births
1965 deaths
Clergy from Cologne
German emigrants to the United States
People from Brownsville, Texas
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Catholics from Texas
The 2017 Rutgers Scarlet Knights football team represented Rutgers University during the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Scarlet Knights played their home games at High Point Solutions Stadium in Piscataway, New Jersey and competed as members of the East Division of the Big Ten Conference. They were led by second-year head coach Chris Ash. They finished the season 4–8, 3–6 in Big Ten play to finish in fifth place in the East Division.
Recruiting
Position key
Recruits
The Scarlet Knights signed a total of 26 recruits.
Schedule
Rutgers announced its 2017 football schedule on July 11, 2013. The 2017 schedule consisted of 6 home, 5 away, and 1 neutral site game in the regular season. The Scarlet Knights hosted Big Ten foes Michigan State, Ohio State, and Purdue, and traveled to Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Nebraska, and Penn State. Rutgers played against Maryland in Bronx, New York at Yankee Stadium.
The Scarlet Knights hosted all three of the non-conference opponents, Eastern Michigan from the Mid-American Conference, Morgan State from the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference and Washington from the Pac-12 Conference.
Schedule Source:
Game summaries
Washington
The Scarlet Knights opened the season by welcoming No. 8-ranked Washington to New Jersey. Rutgers took the early lead on a three-yard touchdown pass from Kyle Bolin to Janarion Grant. Washington answered with a field goal in the first quarter and a 61-yard punt return for a touchdown with the 3:50 seconds left in the half to take a 10–7 halftime lead. Though trailing, the Knights played well and hung with the highly ranked Huskies in the first half. However, Washington QB Jake Browning threw two second-half touchdown passes as Washington pulled away from the Scarlet Knights to win the game 30–14. The loss left the Scarlet Knights with an 0–1 record.
Eastern Michigan
Morgan State
at Nebraska
Ohio State
at Illinois
Purdue
at Michigan
Maryland
at Penn State
at Indiana
Michigan State
Roster and staff
Players in the 2018 NFL Draft
References
Rutgers
Rutgers Scarlet Knights football seasons
Rutgers Scarlet Knights football
President Castro may refer to:
Cipriano Castro, President of Venezuela from 1899 to 1908
Fidel Castro, President of Cuba from 1976 to 2008
José María Castro Madriz, President of Costa Rica from 1847 to 1849
Julián Castro (Venezuelan politician), President of Venezuela between 1858 and 1859
Raúl Castro, President of Cuba from 2008 to 2018
Xiomara Castro, President-elect of Honduras
Dalit History Month is an annual observance as a way of remembering important people and events in the history of the Dalits or Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. It is celebrated in April all over the world by Ambedkarites, followers of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar. Discussions, storytelling, history projects, special publications in media, and art works are organized during this month. The Canadian Province of British Columbia recognized April as Dalit History Month.
History
Inspired by Black History Month, a young group of Dalit women started the Dalit History Month in 2013. Sanghapali Aruna started project Dalit History Month for creating a documentation of Dalit, Adivasi, and Bahujan history and culture. Sanghapali Aruna and Thenmozhi Soundararajan came up with idea during discussions at Color of Violence conference in Chicago.
Significance
Dalits are discriminated against because of their caste, despite such discrimination being illegal in India. Ignorance and absence of Dalits in Indian history by mainstream authors is discussed during Dalit History Month. Issues faced by Dalits are pondered upon by citizens.
In 2022, Canada's British Columbia province has recognised April as Dalit History Month.
Gallery
See also
Caste system in India
Untouchability
Caste-related violence in India
Rashtriya Dalit Prerna Sthal and Green Garden
April 2018 caste protests in India
Battle of Koregaon
References
External links
Dalit History Month website
DALIT HISTORY MONTH at Project Mukti
B. R. Ambedkar
Dalit culture
Dalit politics
Dalit history
Dalit literature
April observances
Commemorative months
2015 introductions
Observances in India
Month-long observances in Canada
South Asian Canadian culture
Observances in the United States
South Asian American culture
Observances in the United Kingdom
Bhagabat Prasad Mohanty (27 November 1929 – 8 December 2019) was an Indian politician and lawyer from Odisha belonging to Indian National Congress. He was elected as a legislator of the Odisha Legislative Assembly three times. He also served as Higher Education Minister of the Government of Odisha.
Biography
Mohanty was born on 27 November 1929. He was elected as a legislator of the Odisha Legislative Assembly from Kendrapara in 1971 as a Praja Socialist Party candidate. Later, he joined Indian National Congress. He was elected as a legislator of the Odisha Legislative Assembly as an Indian National Congress candidate in 1985 and 1995.
Mohanty died on 8 December 2019 at the age of 90.
References
1929 births
2019 deaths
Members of the Odisha Legislative Assembly
Indian National Congress politicians from Odisha
Praja Socialist Party politicians
People from Kendrapara district
State cabinet ministers of Odisha
is a public museum that opened in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, in 2016.
History
In 1933 the , inspired by the in Kyōto, was completed in the grounds of Kōzan-ji, in reinforced concrete dressed with stone and with a double tile roof reminiscent of the nearby temple hall; the twentieth-century building is now a registered Tangible Cultural Property. This subsequently became the private , then from 1 April 1980, with the donation of both the facilities and the collection, the , before reopening nearby in new buildings in 2016 under its current name.
Collection
The collection focuses on the history and folkways of Shimonoseki and its environs, and includes the Kofun period Prefectural Tangible Cultural Property Excavated Artefacts from Shinkōji Kofun, Nara period Important Cultural Property Nagato Province Coin Remains, roof tiles from Nagato Kokubun-ji, the and Ōuchi clan administrative documents known as , both Prefectural Tangible Cultural Properties, and materials relating to the Joseon missions to Japan, Tagami Kikusha, Sakamoto Ryōma, Takasugi Shinsaku, the Kiheitai, and the Shimonoseki campaign and Chōshū expeditions.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Yamaguchi)
Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum
Shimonoseki City Archaeological Museum
Shimonoseki City Art Museum
References
External links
Shimonoseki City Museum of History
Shimonoseki
Museums in Yamaguchi Prefecture
History museums in Japan
Museums established in 2016
2016 establishments in Japan
TMCM may refer to:
Taiwan Metal Creation Museum, a museum in Tainan, Taiwan
Too Much Coffee Man, an American satirical superhero
Gawaan () is a populated place in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.
Overview
The town is built upon high ground. From this elevation, it is possible to see the city of Hobyo and the Somali Sea, which lies a further 30 km to the east.
Demographics
Gawaan's population mostly belongs to the Somali ethnic group, with the Salebaan sub-clan of the Habar Gidir Hawiye especially well represented.
References
Gawaan, Somalia
Gawaan, Somalia
Populated places in Mudug
Inauguration of the Commonwealth (also titled Inauguration of the Australian Commonwealth) was a 1901 Australian documentary film commissioned by the Governments of New South Wales and Victoria to record the inaugural day of the Federation of Australia.
Directed by cinematographer Joseph Perry, the film was the first to use simultaneous multiple camera coverage and to run for 35 minutes.
The film was produced by the Limelight Department of the Salvation Army in Australia. It was the first feature-length documentary film to be produced in Australia.
Although the film quality has degraded over time, much of the footage still survives today.
It is currently being held at the National Film and Sound Archive.
Synopsis
The film begins by following a procession through the streets of Sydney, marking the federation of Australia on the 1st of January, 1901. This procession is seen to be led by 200 mounted police, followed by railway bandsmen, shearers and bush workers, decorated floats, large numbers of Australian and Imperial troops, as well as carriages carrying the first Governor-General John Hope, first Prime Minister Edmund Barton, state premiers and other dignitaries. An estimated 10,000 people participated in this procession.
The parade is seen to pass under ten elaborate arches which illustrated different aspects of Australian life. The procession placed emphasis on Australia's economic recovery from recession during the 1890s, with several of these arches exhibiting depictions of Australian industries such as the wool industry.
The parade followed a processional route from the public grounds of the Domain, through the central business district and city centre before heading south east towards Centennial Park where a purpose built pavilion was erected for the federation ceremony. Between 250,000 and 500,000 spectators attended the route of the procession. As well as lining the road, people are seen to hang out of windows and climb onto rooftops and awnings in order to get a glimpse of the Procession. Buildings, telegraph poles and streets were festooned with flags, banners, bunting and triumphal arches. These are presented in the film.
Within the pavilion at Centennial Park, the Anglican Archbishop of Sydney, William Smith is seen to greet the Governor General John Hope, the Prime Minister Edmund Barton and other dignitaries. Following this, the Governor General directs the swearing in of Australia's first federal cabinet and the reading of the Proclamation of the Constitution. The Governor General and government ministers are depicted signing an oath of allegiance at a table in the centre of the purpose-built pavilion.
The film concludes with footage showing scenes within Centennial Park the day after the events previously mentioned. Within these scenes, the Governor General and leading military figures are seen presiding over large masses of Australian and Imperial troops.
Production
Conception
Inauguration of the Commonwealth was produced by the Limelight Department of the Salvation Army. The Limelight Department of the Salvation Army was formed in 1891. This corresponded with the founder of the Salvation Army, William Booth, touring Australia for the first time. The Limelight Department was established to create a means by which the Salvation Army could proliferate its message across Australia to a wide audience.
The director of Inauguration of the Commonwealth, Joseph Perry, was appointed equipment operator of the Limelight Department soon after its establishment. In this role, he at first directed picture-slide presentations which illustrated the Salvation Army's purpose, and garnered the public to donate to the cause.
Perry directed his first film in 1897, following the Limelight Department obtaining a Lumiere cinematograph camera and projector. Perry directed several films in the four years prior to Inauguration of the Commonwealth, the majority of them illustrating Biblical events.
The Limelight Department of the Salvation Army soon became Australia's largest film producer. Perry and his film crew, known as the First Biorama Company, toured around Australia for months on end presenting films to the public about the Salvation Army in order to build a national identity for the Salvation Army in Australia.
The production of Inauguration of the Commonwealth was commissioned by the New South Wales Premier, Sir William Lyne, in late 1900 as a means of presenting the planned parade for the Federation of Australia to rest of the British Empire.
As The Sydney Morning Herald on the 12th of November 1900 reported:“The Premier is of the opinion that the occasion will lend itself to the production of a number of splendid views, and is hopeful that full advantage will be taken of it to secure films that will be viewed with considerable interest by people throughout the British Empire.”
Preproduction
Prior to the event, several custom-built camera platforms were set up along the route of the procession and in Centennial Park where the federation ceremony was to take place. Each platform was made of timber and offered unobstructed views of both the parade and the ceremony for the cameras mounted on-top. Joseph Perry moved between these platforms on a horse-drawn fire engine, directing three camera crews simultaneously. This was the first instance of simultaneous multiple camera coverage within a film.
The film was shot using original Lumiere cinematograph cameras, with nearly all the available cameras available in Sydney being in use in production of the film. These cameras were manually operated via a hand crank and utilised a degradable 35mm film. Additionally, these cameras had no pan or tilt capacity and therefore were limited to filming stationary, wide-angled shots.
Editing
Inauguration of the Commonwealth was edited and printed at the Limelight Department's headquarters in Melbourne. The speed at which the film was edited and printed was unprecedented, with the film's premiere occurring two weeks after its contents being filmed.
Release
Inauguration of the Commonwealth premiered in Sydney at Her Majesty's Theatre on the 19th of January, 1901.
It was the most widely distributed Australian film of its time. It was shown in cinemas across Australia, as well as in Britain and Canada. The success of the film lead the Victorian and New Zealand Governments to commission the Limelight Department to film an upcoming royal visit by the Duke and Duchess of York to Australia and New Zealand to open the first Commonwealth Parliament of Australia. The subsequent film, Royal Visit To Open The First Commonwealth Parliament, was released in May 1901.
Reception
The demand to watch the film was immense, with the Salvation Army establishing ‘The Australian Kinematographic Company' to manage this demand and separate the unexpected profitability of Inauguration of the Commonwealth from the Salvation Army's charitable mission. Surges in print sales from Australia's major cities led independent film touring companies to distribute the film worldwide.
The proceeds from the film were utilised to support the Salvation Army's mission, as well as to replace the Limelight Department's failing camera equipment.
Legacy
Inauguration of the Commonwealth was the first film to utilise simultaneous multiple camera coverage and to have a run-time of over 30 minutes. With a run time of 35 minutes, it was more than five times longer than any previous Australian film.
Inauguration of the Commonwealth was the first film to contain moving images of a nation being created.
It was the first feature-length documentary film to be produced in Australia. Additionally, it was the most widely distributed Australian film of its time.
References
External links
Film information at National Film and Sound Archive
Australian documentary films
1901 films
1900s documentary films
Black-and-white documentary films
1901 in Australia
Salvationism in Australia
Films set in New South Wales
Australian silent short films
Limelight Department films
Fontainebleau–Avon station (French: Gare de Fontainebleau–Avon) is a railway station in Avon and Fontainebleau, Île-de-France, France. The station is at kilometric point (KP) 58.941 on the Paris–Marseille railway line. The station is served by Transilien (commuter) and TER (regional) services operated by SNCF. The station was once served by the TGV a few years ago. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon). The station was designed by the architect François-Alexis Cendrier, one of many he worked on for the railroad company Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée. The station once benefited from a TGV journey to the Mediterranean Sea, with a train leaving for Marseille at 07.30 on a Saturday and returning on the Sunday evening, with a journey time is 4.30 hours. However, this is no longer the case.
Train services
The following services call at Fontainebleau–Avon as of 2022:
local service (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Paris–Montereau–Sens–Laroche-Migennes
local service (Transilien R) Paris–Melun–Montereau
local service (Transilien R) Paris–Melun–Nemours–Montargis
Gallery
See also
Transilien Paris–Lyon
References
External links
Transilien Network Map
Railway stations in Seine-et-Marne
Fontainebleau
Helcystogramma tegulella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1897. It is found in Panama, the West Indies and Guyana.
The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewings are dark purplish fuscous, the dorsum narrowly streaked with ochreous sparsely sprinkled with fuscous, the upper edge of the ochreous dorsal streak throwing up two very slight angular projections, one before, and one just behind the middle. On the costa, at the point where it commences to be depressed to the apex, is a small whitish ochreous spot, giving rise to a slender faint line of pale ochreous scaling, which is continued straight across to the tornus, and to a series of about seven pale ochreous marginal dots continued also to the tornus. Beyond these spots the base of the pale
dusky greyish cilia is indicated by a dark fuscous line. The hindwings are greyish fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1897
tegulella
Moths of Central America
Moths of the Caribbean
Moths of South America
Sandy Secondary School (formerly Sandy Upper School) is a coeducational secondary school, located in Sandy, Bedfordshire, England.
The school educates 11-16 year-olds, mainly from the town of Sandy, Great Barford, Potton and the surrounding villages. In addition, the school offers further education for 16–18 year-olds through its sixth form department.
Sandy Secondary School was designated as a Sports College in 2003. As a result of this, the school improved its sporting facilities and hired specialized and dedicated sports teaching staff.
The school received an 'Inadequate' inspection rating from Ofsted at the start of 2013 where the school was subsequently put in special measures, but haven't received an inadequate rating since. In January 2013 the Governing Body of Sandy Secondary School voted not to enter into advanced negotiations with the Barnfield Federation, with the intention of Sandy Secondary School becoming a sponsored academy. Preparations for the academy conversion were controversial with pupils and students including a requirement for year 10 students to drop one of their GCSE courses. The move to academy status was cancelled after financial irregularities were uncovered at the Barnfield Federation.
Previously an upper school educating pupils from the age of 13, in September 2018 Sandy became a secondary school educating pupils from the age of 11.
References
External links
Sandy Secondary School homepage
Secondary schools in Central Bedfordshire District
Foundation schools in Central Bedfordshire District
Sandy, Bedfordshire
A zygoma fracture (zygomatic fracture) is a form of facial fracture caused by a fracture of the zygomatic bone. A zygoma fracture is often the result of facial trauma such as violence, falls or automobile accidents.
Symptoms include flattening of the face, trismus (reduced opening of the jaw) and lateral subconjunctival hemorrhage.
See also
Zygomaticomaxillary complex fracture
References
Injuries of head
Bone fractures
Albawings is an Albanian low-cost airline headquartered in Tirana and based at its hub at Tirana International Airport Nënë Tereza.
History
Albawings was founded in February 2015. Albawings was awarded the Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) by the Albanian Civil Aviation Authority on 4 February 2016. The first aircraft of the company, a Boeing 737-500, with which Albawings started its operations, is called "Spirit of Tirana".
On 11 December 2016, the second aircraft was delivered by Bruce Dickinson. The leased plane was a Boeing 737-400 owned by Cardiff Aviation and it is named after Sir Norman Wisdom, who was a very popular actor for Albanians during the communist regime of Enver Hoxha, mainly for his role of Mr. Pitkin.
It has been recently reported that Albawings entered a codeshare agreement with Neos for flights to Milan-Malpensa Airport and to New York-JFK Airport.
Destinations
The airline operates flights to several Italian destinations.
Codeshare agreements
The Italian airline Neos and Albawings established a new codeshare partnership on June 16, 2022, covering two of the company's four weekly flights between Tirana and Milan Malpensa. Upon receiving certification from the US Department of Transportation, the two also intend to expand their codeshare arrangement to include Neos' Milan Malpensa–New York JFK route on the codeshare agreement.
Fleet
The fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of February 2020):
References
External links
Airlines of Albania
Albanian brands
Airlines established in 2015
Low-cost carriers
The white-bibbed babbler (Stachyris thoracica) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is found in Bali and Java.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
white-bibbed babbler
Birds of Bali
Birds of Java
white-bibbed babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rodney Pyles (born June 21, 1945) is an American politician who served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from the 51st district from 2016 to 2020.
In 2018, Democrats — including Pyles — swept all five seats in the 51st district, the largest multi-member district in the House.As a result, the Monongalia County delegates, all Democrats, called themselves “The Fab Five” and frequently voted and worked together on bills. This was especially notable given that there was only one Democratic member of the delegation just four years earlier, after the 2014 elections. In 2020, Pyles was defeated for re-election by former Republican Delegate Joe Statler, breaking the all-Democratic delegation.
References
1945 births
Living people
Members of the West Virginia House of Delegates
West Virginia Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Leo F. O'Brien (June 26, 1924 – March 21, 1968) was an American lawyer and politician.
O'Brien was born in Galesburg, Illinois. He went to Corpus Christi High School and to Knox College. O'Brien also went to Nancy-Université and University of Connecticut. O'Brien served in the United States Army during World War II and was commissioned a sergeant. In 1950, O'Brien received his law degree from University of Illinois College of Law. He served as an Illinois Assistant Attorney General for eight years. O'Brien served in the Illinois House of Representatives from 1965 until his death in 1968 and was a Democrat. O'Brien died in an automobile accident while driving in Galesburg, Illinois on U.S. Route 150.
Notes
1924 births
1968 deaths
People from Galesburg, Illinois
Military personnel from Illinois
Knox College (Illinois) alumni
Nancy-Université alumni
University of Connecticut alumni
University of Illinois College of Law alumni
Illinois lawyers
Illinois Democrats
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Road incident deaths in Illinois
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Oscar Haskell (24 April 1857 – 3 September 1943) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played six first-class matches for Otago between 1877 and 1890.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1857 births
1943 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Tasmania
Polyestradiol phosphate/medroxyprogesterone acetate (PEP/MPA) is a combination of polyestradiol phosphate (PEP), an estrogen, and medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), a progestin, which was studied in the 1960s as a long-lasting combined injectable contraceptive for women but was never marketed. It was administered by intramuscular injection once every 3 months and contained 40 mg PEP and 150 mg MPA. The combination was studied in a sample of 99 premenopausal women and was found to be effective in preventing pregnancy, but caused menstrual irregularities similar to those of MPA alone as a progestogen-only injectable contraceptive. PEP was included in the formulation to prevent estrogen deficiency and reduce menstrual abnormalities caused by MPA during long-term contraceptive therapy.
See also
Estradiol undecylate/norethisterone enanthate
List of combined sex-hormonal preparations § Estrogens and progestogens
References
Abandoned drugs
Combined injectable contraceptives
Suada Samir Jashari (born 9 October 1988) is a Kosovan-born Albanian football former player and current manager who coaches Kosovo Women's Football League club KFF Mitrovica. A midfielder during her playing career, she has been a member of the Albania women's national team.
Club career
Jashari at the age of 15, she started playing football in Kosova Prishtinë. On 18 October 2012, Jashari joined Albanian Women's National Championship side Juban Danja. Two days later, she made her debut in a 1–1 home draw against Tirana AS after being named in the starting line-up. Jashari then continues her career in Albanian Women's National Championship clubs like Tirana AS (2013–2014) and Vllaznia Shkodër (2014–2018). On 26 January 2018, Jashari returns to her homeland and joined with Kosovo Women's Football League club Mitrovica.
International career
On 4 April 2013, Jashari made her debut with Albania in 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification preliminary round match against Malta after being named in the starting line-up. Her last international match was on 1 December 2020 against Portugal in Lisbon.
Managerial career
Mitrovica
On 12 January 2021, Jashari was appointed manager of Kosovo Women's Football League club Mitrovica. On 28 February 2021, she had her first match as Mitrovica manager in a 0–0 home draw against A&N.
Personal life
Jashari was born in Pristina, SFR Yugoslavia to Kosovo Albanian parents from Mitrovica. On 11 July 2012, he obtained Albanian passport.
See also
List of Albania women's international footballers
References
External links
Suada Jashari at the Albanian Football Association
1988 births
Living people
Citizens of Albania through descent
Albanian women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
KFF Tirana AS players
KFF Vllaznia Shkodër players
Albania women's international footballers
Albanian football managers
Women's association football managers
Female association football managers
Sportspeople from Pristina
Kosovan women's footballers
KFF Mitrovica players
Kosovan football managers
Kosovan people of Albanian descent
Sportspeople of Albanian descent
Nordheim am Main is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kitzingen (district)
Nemtsev (, literally "Germans") is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Nemtseva. It may refer to
Alexey Nemtsev (born 1982), Kazakhstani ski-orienteering competitor
Ivan Nemtsev (born 1923), Russian lieutenant of the Soviet army
See also
Nemtsov
Russian-language surnames
The Nationalsozialistische Monatshefte (National Socialist Monthly) was a political and cultural journal produced by the Nazi Party and edited by Adolf Hitler (1930–October 1933) and then, by Alfred Rosenberg (May 1935–1944). Its first edition was published in 1930. It served as a forum for specialists of various academic disciplines, including linguistics and history, to present their research in a popular format, often with a racial emphasis. The magazine, based in Munich, ceased publication in 1944.
References
1930 establishments in Germany
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Defunct political magazines published in Germany
Fascist newspapers and magazines
German-language magazines
Magazines established in 1930
Magazines disestablished in 1944
Magazines published in Munich
Monthly magazines published in Germany
Nazi culture
Vranić () is a Bosnian, Serbian and Croatian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dušan Vranić, Bosnian musician
Marko Vranić (born 1978), Serbian footballer
Vladimir Vranić (1896–1976), Croatian mathematician
Croatian surnames
Serbian surnames
Nicholas Steward may refer to:
Nicholas Steward (MP for Cambridge University) (1547–1633), MP for Cambridge University, 1604–1611
Sir Nicholas Steward, 1st Baronet (1618–1710), MP for Lymington, 1663–1679
Ypsolopha lyonothamnae is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the Channel Islands of California in the United States.
The larvae feed on Lyonothamnus species.
References
Ypsolophidae
Endemic fauna of California
Moths of North America
Fauna of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Channel Islands of California
Fauna without expected TNC conservation status
The Atchison County Courthouse, located at the southwest corner of 5th and Parallel Streets in Atchison, is the seat of government of Atchison County, Kansas. The stone courthouse was built from 1896 to 1897 and replaced the county's first courthouse, which had been built in 1859. County officials wanted the courthouse to resemble the Franklin County Courthouse in Ottawa, so they hired that building's architect, George P. Washburn, to design the new courthouse. Washburn designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style. The courthouse's design features four corner towers, including a seven-story clock tower. The main entrance to the courthouse has a porch within a large arch; the doorway is contained in a smaller arch. The building has a hip roof with intersecting gable dormers; the towers have pyramidal roofs.
The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 16, 1975.
References
External links
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Romanesque Revival architecture in Kansas
Government buildings completed in 1897
Buildings and structures in Atchison County, Kansas
County courthouses in Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Atchison County, Kansas
Soi (Sohi) is one of the Central Iranian language varieties of Iran, one of five listed in Ethnologue that together have 35,000 speakers. It is closely related to Natanzi.
References
Western Iranian languages
Ackerville is an unincorporated community in the town of Polk, Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on Wisconsin Highway 175 and Sherman Road, just due east of Wisconsin Highway 164 and south of the village of Slinger. It is less than 7 miles from Richfield and approximately 10 miles from Germantown.
References
Unincorporated communities in Washington County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Robin Gareth Ellis (born 8 December 1935) was the Archdeacon of Plymouth from 1982 to 2000.
Ellis was educated at Worksop College, Pembroke College, Oxford and Chichester Theological College After a curacy in Swinton he was Chaplain at his old school. He was Vicar of Swaffham Prior from, 1966 to 1974; of Wisbech from 1974 to 1982; and Vicar of Yelverton from 1982 to 1986.
References
1935 births
People educated at Worksop College
Alumni of Pembroke College, Oxford
Archdeacons of Plymouth
Alumni of Chichester Theological College
Living people
Anglo-Catholic clergy
The "Holy Club" was an organization at Christ Church, Oxford, formed in 1729 by brothers John and Charles Wesley, who later contributed to the formation of the Methodist Church. The brothers and associates, including George Whitefield, met for prayer, Bible study, and pious discipline.
History
The "Holy Club" started in November 1729 when John Wesley went to live at the University of Oxford. When he came to reside there, three of his friends along with himself agreed to spend three or four evenings together, every week. Their intention was to "read over" (skim through and discuss) the classics together, which they had already read before privately and to read a book about divinity on Sundays. Charles Wesley, John's brother, was one of the four individuals making up this small cell group.
The actual title of "The Holy Club" was not a name which any of the members came up with, but rather was a title bestowed upon them (most likely as an insult by those trying to mock them).
As many of the Holy Club's members went on to lead the Evangelical Revival within the Church of England, this organisation is often said to be the root of Methodism.
Practice
Jeering college students scoffed at these "Methodists" who tried to systematically serve God every hour of the day. The club members set aside time for praying, examining their spiritual lives, studying the Bible, and meeting together. In addition, they took food to poor families, visited lonely people in prison, and taught orphans how to read. Members of the organization celebrated Holy Communion frequently and fasted on Wednesdays and Fridays until 3 pm. Fellows of the Holy Club also studied and discussed the Greek New Testament as well as the Classics.
Opposition
University wits styled them the "Holy Club" or "Methodists", a title of derision. They were dismissed as "enthusiasts" (indicating excessive religious behaviour, or fanaticism). Critics of the Holy Club recited a popular ditty:
By rule they eat, by rule they drink,
By rule do all things but think.
Accuse the priests of loose behavior.
To get more in the laymen's favor.
Method alone must guide 'em all
When themselves "Methodists" they call.
Currents of opposition became a furor following the mental breakdown and death of a group member, William Morgan. In response to the charge that "rigorous fasting" had hastened his death, Wesley noted that Morgan had left off fasting a year and a half since. In the same letter, which was widely circulated, Wesley referred to the name "Methodist" which "some of our neighbors are pleased to compliment us." That name was used by an anonymous author in a published pamphlet (1733) describing Wesley and his group, "The Oxford Methodists".
Notable members
The individuals listed below are notable members of the Holy Club who distinguished themselves later in life.
John Wesley – founder of the Methodist Church
Charles Wesley – famous hymn writer
John Gambold – bishop of the Moravian Church
John Clayton – distinguished Anglican churchman
James Hervey – noted religious writer
Benjamin Ingham – famous evangelist in Yorkshire
Thomas Broughton – secretary of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge
George Whitefield – famous clergyman associated both with the First Great Awakening in the United States and the evangelical revival in England
See also
Erasmus of Arcadia
Oxford Inter-Collegiate Christian Union
References
External links
Methodist Church in Great Britain: Holy Club
Man in the Mirror: Lessons from Oxford's Holy Club (Pat Morley)
22 Accountability Questions for the Holy Club (historical excerpt) - Holy Joys
1729 establishments in England
Christian student societies in the United Kingdom
Clubs and societies of the University of Oxford
History of Methodism
Fellowships
The Journal of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering pediatric and oncology nursing. The editor-in-chief is Kristin Stegenga (Children's Mercy Hospital). It was established in 1985 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Association of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nurses (APHON). The journal changed its name from Journal of Pediatric Oncology Nursing (JOPON) to Journal of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nursing (JOPHON) on January 1, 2022.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE, PsycINFO, Scopus, and the Science Citation Index Expanded. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2020 impact factor is 1.636.
References
External links
Association of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nurses
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Pediatric nursing journals
Oncology nursing journals
The 2010 Nagoya Grampus season is Nagoya Grampus's 18th season in the J.League Division 1 and 29th overall in the Japanese top flight. They also competed in the 2010 J.League Cup, 2010 Emperor's Cup.
Players
Current squad
Transfers
In:
Out:
Competitions
J.League
Results summary
Results by round
Results
League table
J.League Cup
Emperor's Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|}Cup appearances to be added
Goal scorers
Disciplinary record
References
2011 J.League Division 1 Fixture
Nagoya Grampus seasons
Nagoya Grampus
The Scarborough Spa Express (SSE) is a regular summer heritage steam locomotive service between and . It is currently operated by the West Coast Railways, but has been operated in previous years by different companies, including the Railway Touring Company.
History
Regular steam operations on most of British Rail (BR) ended in 1968. In the early 1970s, BR allowed steam back on the main line, using preserved steam locomotives, and in 1978 it ran a series of trains during the summer months on a circular route from via and . In 1981, the route was extended to after a turntable was reinstated and named the Scarborough Spa Express. These ran until 1988, but ceased when the staff at York who were responsible were reassigned to separate divisions at InterCity and Regional Railways.
In the 2000s
After 1988, there were occasional steam railtours to Scarborough, featuring locomotives which included 60800 Green Arrow, 46229 Duchesses of Hamilton, 48151 Gauge O' Guild, 3440 City of Truro and 45596 Bahamas.
It was not until 2002 that regular trips began again. These were introduced by West Coast Railways and ran from Scarborough to York and return for three days a week during July and August. The same format was used again in 2003.
The National Railway Museum (NRM) began running a service directly from York to Scarborough in 2004. 4472 Flying Scotsmen, having just been acquired by the NRM, was the main locomotive used, but 45407 The Lancashire Fusilier was available in the event of any failure. 5972 Olton Hall also stood in on at least one occasion, still wearing its Hogwarts Expres livery. The NRM sponsored the SSE until the end of 2006, when they decided to hand over the running of the SSE to the Railway Touring Company. In 2007, the Railway Touring Company included the Harrogate loop in the SSE itinerary once more and ran a number of very successful tours during July and August. In 2008-2009, WCR took over the running of the SSE and they again utilised the Harrogate loop, running on three days a week during July and August.
In 2010, the route was changed when gauging problems on the Harrogate loop put a stop to any steam locomotive using that route. This is how the Wakefield Circle was born, with WCR again running the SSE three days a week during July and August. The route was York----- and back to York; then, from York the usual trip to Scarborough and back to York and the Wakefield Circle as per the morning run, and finally returning to York at 21-00. It was intended that the same route would be used in 2012.
As at 2019, it operates on selected Thursdays during the summer, being hauled by a WCR diesel from to York where a steam locomotive takes over for the journey to Scarborough.
Locomotives
The following locomotives have been used:
4472 Flying Scotsmen
60009 Union of South Africa
6233 Duchesses of Sutherland
45231 The Sherwood Forester
45407 The Lancashire Fusilier
34067 Tangmere
5690 Leander
48151 Gauge O Guild
70013 Oliver Cromwell
45699 Galatea
35018 British India Line
On 31 July 2007, 6233 Duchesses of Sutherland made its first run of the summer but hit a bridge on the approach to Harrogate, this caused minor damage to the drivers side of the firebox. Because of this incident 6233 was not allowed on the Harrogate line for the remainder of the year.
References
External links
West Coast Railways
Named passenger trains of British Rail
Rail transport preservation in the United Kingdom
Rail transport in North Yorkshire
Railway services introduced in 1981
1981 establishments in England
The Invasion of Gozo took place in July 1551, and was accomplished by the Ottoman Empire against the island of Gozo, following an unsuccessful attempt to conquer nearby Malta on 18 July 1551. It was followed by a victorious campaign with the siege of Tripoli.
Attack
Malta
The Commander of the Ottoman fleet was Sinan Pasha, accompanied by Salah Rais and Dragut Reis. The Ottomans initially landed on Malta, at Marsamxett, and a force of 10,000 men marched upon Birgu and Fort St Angelo, but they realised that these were too well fortified to be conquered easily. Therefore, the Ottomans turned their attention to Mdina, looting and burning the villages on the way. Meanwhile, the Knights in Mdina, under the command of Fra Villeganion, asked the people living in the villages to seek refuge in the city and to help defend it. When the Ottomans arrived they discovered a large garrison defending the city so they decided against the plan of attacking the city since they did not want to fight a long siege. Meanwhile, a relief fleet attacked the Ottoman ships anchored at Marsamxett.
Gozo
The Ottoman then decided to attack nearby Gozo, which was under the command of Governor Gelatian de Sessa. After a few days of bombardment, de Sessa attempted to negotiate with Sinan Pasha, however the latter rejected the terms. A few days later the citadel capitulated. About 300 people escaped from the citadel by climbing down its walls and hid from the Ottomans. The other 6,000 people, including Governor de Sessa and the Knights, were taken captive and ended up in slavery, being sailed to Tripoli on 30 July. The Ottomans only spared a monk and forty elderly Gozitans.
According to legend, one of the defenders named Bernardo Dupuo (also known as Bernardo da Fonte or de Opuo) fought bravely when Ottomans breached the city walls, and killed his own wife and two daughters preferring death over slavery before he himself was killed by the invading forces. A street in the citadel is named after him, and outside his house lies a plaque commemorating his death.
Consequences
Since few Christians remained on Gozo, families from Malta were encouraged by the Order of Saint John to repopulate the island. However it took about 150 years for the population to reach pre-1551 levels. A few Gozitans managed to redeem themselves from slavery, such as the notable Reverend Lorenzo de Apapis, who returned to Gozo in 1554.
Following the attack the Order set up a commission made up of Leone Strozzi and Pietro Pardo, who were engineers, to examine the Maltese Islands' fortifications and make suggestions for further improvements. The Grandmaster, Juan de Homedes, increased taxation and strengthened the coastal guards, the Dejma. Following Strozzi and Pardo's commission, Fort Saint Michael and Fort Saint Elmo were built to better defend the Grand Harbour. Bastions at Mdina and Birgu were strengthened, and the fortifications of Senglea were built.
The failure to take all of the Maltese Islands was also one of the causes of the Great Siege of Malta in 1565. Two other unsuccessful attacks were made on Gozo in 1613 and 1709.
During the sacking of Gozo, the archives of the Università were destroyed by the Ottomans. The only surviving pre-1551 records relating to Gozo are a few documents in the Notarial Archives as well as some records in the archives of Palermo, Sicily.
Legacy
A re-enactment of the invasion was made by Grade 5 students of San Andrea School in 1997, and a video entitled A Tale of a Gozitan City was released. The students played the roles of Turkish invaders, Knights, or Maltese peasants and filming was done on the schooner Charlotte Louise.
Din l-Art Ħelwa produced a musical account of the invasion at Saint Michael's Bastion in the Citadel on 31 July 2009. This was centered on the legend of Don Bernardo de Opuo.
In 2013 a memorial to the siege was set up at the gardens of Villa Rundle in Victoria, Gozo.
The siege of Gozo features in Marthese Fenech's book Eight Pointed Cross (2011), part of her historical fictional series set in Malta.
The invasion of Gozo features prominently in Dorothy Dunnett's book The Disorderly Knights (1966), part of her fictional series Lymond Chronicles.
Notes
Conflicts in 1551
Gozo
Gozo (1551)
Gozo (1551)
1551 in Malta
Invasions by the Ottoman Empire in Europe
History of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta
The 2016 MFF Charity Cup is the 5th MFF Charity Cup, an annual Myanmar football match played between the winners of the previous season's Myanmar National League and 2015 General Aung San Shield. The match was contested by Ayeyawady United, the 2015 General Aung San Shield winners, and Yangon United, champions of the 2015 Myanmar National League. It is held at Aung San Stadium on 3 January 2016.
This was Yangon United's 3rd Cup appearance and Ayeyawady United's 3rd.
Background and pre-match
Yangon United qualified for the 2016 MFF Charity Cup as winners of the 2015 Myanmar National League. It was the club's fourth league title in 6 years. The other Charity Cup place went to Ayeyawady United, who defeated Yadanarbon FC by two goals to win the 2015 General Aung San Shield Final and retain the trophy.
Yangon United made their fourth appearance in the Charity Cup; prior to this they won once (2013) and lost twice, most recently in 2014 against Kanbawza. By contrast, Ayeyawady United made their fourth Chairity Cup appearance, and won twice. They went into the match as holders of the Shield, having defeated Yadanarbon FC a year earlier. Both clubs had only twice met before in the Shield, when Ayeyawady United won by penalty(7-5) in 2012 and Yangon United won by one goal in 2013.
Match
Team selection
Yangon United's coach did not choose Aung Wai Phyo and Marcelo Fernandez. Yangon United F.C. choose Ayeyawady United F.C. former player Kyaw Min Oo in their first line-up.
Ayeyawady United Coach,U Kyaw Lwin did't take Aung Hein Kyaw and Sa Htet Naing Win.
Details
Statistics
References
See also
MNL
Ayeyawady United
MFF
MFF Charity Cup
2016 in Burmese football
This page lists articles about writers of original, licensed fiction associated with the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. This does not include writers of only short stories or novelisations of the television stories.
B
Trevor Baxendale
Christopher H. Bidmead
Jonathan Blum
Daniel Blythe
Chris Boucher
Colin Brake
Simon Bucher-Jones
Christopher Bulis
C
Andrew Cartmel
Mark Clapham
Stephen Cole
J. T. Colgan
Paul Cornell
D
Peter Darvill-Evans
Russell T Davies
Martin Day
Terrance Dicks
Richard Dinnick
F
Simon A. Forward
G
Mark Gatiss
Simon Guerrier
H
Mags L Halliday
Craig Hinton
Robert Holmes
J
Matt Jones
L
Andy Lane
Paul Leonard
Barry Letts
Rebecca Levene
Steve Lyons
M
Paul Magrs
Stephen Marley
Ian Marter
Simon Messingham
Mark Michalowski
Lawrence Miles
Jon de Burgh Miller
Michael Moorcock
Jonathan Morris
Mark Morris
Jim Mortimore
Steven Moffat
O
Daniel O'Mahony
Kate Orman
P
Lance Parkin
James Parsons
John Peel
Robert Perry
Marc Platt
R
Jacqueline Rayner
Alastair Reynolds
Justin Richards
Gareth Roberts
Nigel Robinson
Gary Russell
S
Dale Smith
Dave Stone
Eric Saward
T
Keith Topping
Mike Tucker
W
Nick Wallace
Simon Winstone
Novelists
Humanitarian Organization for Migration Economics (HOME) is a Singaporean non-governmental organization that provides services to, and advocates on behalf of, migrant workers. It was founded in 2004 by Bridget Tan.
Founding
The Humanitarian Organization for Migration Economics was founded by Bridget Tan in September 2004. Tan had previously co-founded and led the Roman Catholic Archdiocesan Commission for the Pastoral Care of Migrants and Itinerant People (ACMI), but left that organization due to a lack of support from the Church. Tan used $60,000 from her retirement funds to launch HOME.
Activities
The organization provides temporary room and board, medical, legal, and financial assistance, and job skills training to migrant workers that have been financially, emotionally, or sexually abused by their employers or by the agents that recruit migrant workers. HOME also operates a telephone help line and a weekly help desk. Since its founding, the organization has expanded its focus, and now also works to support victims of the sex trade and to combat human trafficking.
In addition to directly serving migrant workers, the organization also works with Singaporean government agencies to help shape policy on migrant workers, sex workers, and human trafficking. HOME holds regular meetings with the Singaporean government's Ministry of Manpower, and also advocates for policy changes publicly. HOME advocates for migrant workers to have regularly scheduled time off, better pay, and equal pay for migrants from different countries. In 2012, it joined with five other non-governmental organizations to criticize an anti-trafficking bill being discussed in Parliament for being too heavily focused on prevention and not focused enough on protecting migrant worker rights, as well as for focusing overly on women trafficked for the sex trade, to the detriment of other victims of trafficking. Home also publishes editorials through the website The Online Citizen.
Humanitarian Organization for Migration Economics conducts research on issues that affect the people it serves. In 2012, HOME collaborated with Yayasan Lintas Nusa and Yayasan Dunia Viva Wanita, the latter a women's shelter in Batam, Indonesia that was also founded by Bridget Tan, on a survey of Indonesian sex workers. The survey found evidence of inconsistent condom use and a significant number of sex tourists from Singapore. In 2015, HOME released a study that found that migrant workers had a significantly higher risk of mental health problems, and recommended better rest, nutrition, and social conditions to help curb the risk.
Recognition
In 2010, HOME was selected by the Asia Society as the recipient of the Asia Society-Bank of America Merrill Lynch Asia 21 Young Leaders Public Service Award. Bridget Tan has also been personally recognized for the work that she did as part of HOME, and received a Hero Acting to End Modern-Day Slavery Award from then United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at a June 2011 ceremony surrounding the release of the Department of State's 2011 Trafficking in Persons Report.
Collaborations
HOME has worked with local artists to create awareness and source aid through crowd funding. In 2017 they worked with international artist Nicola Anthony to raise awareness about migrant workers who needed public help to crowd fund for the cost of their medical bills. Nicola Anthony created three artworks which were exhibited at Singapore Art Museum, telling the stories of three exploited migrant workers. As a result, HOME were able to collect $5000 to cover one year's medical expenses for Mr Wang, (who was repatriated to his home country after suffering a work-related stroke).
References
External links
Social welfare charities
Charities based in Singapore
2004 establishments in Singapore
Migrant workers
Astráin is a locality and council located in the municipality of Cizur, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 330.
Geography
Astráin is located 17km southwest of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Arby's Classic is an annual high school basketball tournament held in December at the Viking Hall, in Bristol, Tennessee.
History
During the 1982 basketball season, the Tennessee High Vikings traveled to Louisville, Kentucky to play in the King of Bluegrass Tournament. After returning to Bristol, Coach Dale Burns discussed with then Athletic Director Bill Bingham the possibility of having a similar tournament to take advantage of Tennessee High's tremendous facility, Viking Hall.
The original goals were to (1) promote basketball in the region, and (2) to expose the fans to outstanding players and teams in the country. The Arby's Classic has accomplished those goals and more. It has not only been a boost to basketball in Bristol and the region, it has been a boost to the area financially. Exciting teams and individual players resulting in packed houses have made the Arby's Classic one of the top high school basketball tournaments in the country. This is a tribute to Coach Dale Burn's astute selection of talented teams.
Originally called the Mountain Empire Classic, the Arby's Classic has been sponsored by Arby's since it began. Don Shawl, President of Arbico East, Inc. has been instrumental in building the tournament into what it is today. His hard work in funding and planning the Arby's Classic has given the tournament that special edge in quality.
Although many local groups have assisted in the growth the tournament, no organization has given more time than the Viking Booster Club. Approximately fifty people volunteer their time with many of them taking vacations from work just to be part of the Arby's Classic.
Another group of people who have given special time to the development of the tournament is the Tennessee High Coaching Staff. The Tennessee High Staff gives up much of their Christmas vacation to assist with the tournament. Their dedication and hard work produce a class event with precision timing which appears to spectators to run effortlessly.
Much of the credit for the growth of the Arby's Classic has to go to our local media. Several visiting coaches have made mention of the tremendous coverage in our area. This is a tribute to all media-newspapers, television and radio. In addition, tournament games can be heard live on local radio stations.
Through the combination of these people, the Arby's Classic has become one of the most talked about high school basketball tournaments in the country, truly living up to its name as a classic.
Past winners
1983 - Pulaski High School
1984 - Daniel Boone
1985 - Sullivan North
1986 - Louisville Male, Kentucky
1987 - Patrick Henry-Roanoke
1988 - Dobyns-Bennett
1989 - Whites Creek, Tennessee
1990 - Whites Creek, Tennessee
1991 - Patrick Henry-Roanoke
1992 - Dobyns-Bennett
1993 - Science Hill
1994 - Augusta Westside, Georgia
1995 - Science Hill
1996 - Miami Senior, Florida
1997 - Wheeler, Georgia
1998 - Northwest Christian, Florida
1999 - Science Hill
2000 - Louisville Male, Kentucky
2001 - Louisville Ballard, Kentucky
2002 - Wheeler, Georgia
2003 - Bradley Central, Tennessee
2004 - Benjamin Mays, Georgia
2005 - Brentwood Academy, Tennessee
2006 - Dr. Michael Krop, Florida
2007 - Briarcrest Christian School, Tennessee
2008 - Boyd Anderson, Florida
2009 - Memphis Melrose, Tennessee
2010 - Columbia High School, Decatur, Georgia
2011 - Christ School, North Carolina
2012 - Urspring, Ulm, Germany
2013 - Greater Atlanta Christian School, Georgia
2014 - North Mecklenburg High School, Charlotte, NC
2015 - Wayne High School, Huber Heights, OH
2016 - Trinity High School, Louisville, KY
2017 - North Mecklenburg High School, Charlotte, NC
2018 - Bearden High School, Knoxville, TN
References
http://www.arbysclassic.net/
External links
http://www.arbysclassic.net/
Bristol, Tennessee
Basketball in Tennessee
High school basketball competitions in the United States
High school sports in Tennessee
Ryan Jeffrey Preece (born October 25, 1990) is an American professional stock car racing driver. A reserve and simulator driver for Stewart-Haas Racing, he competes part-time in NASCAR's three national series for SHR-affiliated teams: the Cup Series, driving the No. 15 Ford Mustang for Rick Ware Racing, Xfinity Series, driving the No. 5 Ford Mustang for B. J. McLeod Motorsports, and the Camping World Truck Series, driving the No. 17 Ford F-150 for David Gilliland Racing.
Preece previously competed in what is now the ARCA Menards Series East and West. He is also a veteran of the NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour and won the series championship in 2013 after being the runner-up in 2009 and 2012. Preece also made multiple starts in the defunct NASCAR Whelen Southern Modified Tour.
Racing career
Early career
Preece began racing in 2007 and became 32nd in the championship in the Northeastern Midget Association with the Bertrand team. A year later he finished on the podium for the first time in his career with a third place at Monadnock in his only Northeastern Midget race that year.
Preece competed in and won the championship in the SK Modified Series in 2011, while his future wife Heather was the series' Rookie of the Year.
Whelen Modified Tour
That same year, he got his first career victory in the Whelen Modified Tour after dominating the Made In America Whelen 300 at Martinsville. In 2009 and 2012, he was runner-up in the NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour, but he became champion in 2013 with four wins in fourteen races driving for Flamingo Motorsports, owned by Eric Sanderson. In 2014, he returned to the team and won the last two races of the year, coming home in second place in the final standings. In 2015, he drove for TS Haulers Racing, owned by Ed Partridge.
On November 24, 2016, it was announced that Preece would remain at JD Motorsports for another full season in 2017. However, on December 8, 2016, it was announced that Preece and JD Motorsports had parted ways, letting Preece explore other opportunities. The primary reason why Preece left JD is that he wanted to be in a team to win races and expected to be back in the Whelen Modified Tour in 2017. He rejoined Partridge's team in the Modified Tour. Although Preece now competes full-time in the Cup Series, he still competes part-time in the Whelen Modified Tour in Patridge's No. 6 car.
Xfinity Series
2013–2017
He made his debut in the Nationwide Series in 2013 and finished 24th at Loudon driving the No. 8 Chevrolet Camaro for Tommy Baldwin Racing. In 2014, he drove two races driving the No. 36 Camaro for TBR at Loudon and Homestead, with the best finish of 14th.
On August 8, 2015, Preece announced he would make his Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series debut for TBR at Loudon. Preece joined JD Motorsports full-time in 2016, driving the No. 01 Chevrolet in the Xfinity Series. The primary sponsor was Flex Seal. Preece has several decent runs for the mid-pack organization in 2016, just missing the first ever Xfinity playoffs.
2017–2018: Joe Gibbs Racing
In July 2017, he returned to the Xfinity Series, racing at Loudon in the No. 20 Toyota Camry for Joe Gibbs Racing with sponsorship from Mohawk Northeast and Mizzy Construction, finishing a career-best second behind teammate Kyle Busch. The opportunity originally came after Kevin Manion contacted Preece about openings at JGR after the retirement of Carl Edwards.
At Iowa, Preece returned to the No. 20 with Mohawk and Falmouth Construction sponsoring. Preece won the pole and held off teammate Kyle Benjamin on a late restart to win his first career Xfinity race.
After his Iowa win, JGR announced that Preece would also drive for the team at Kentucky Speedway in September (a standalone Xfinity race), and later Homestead (where Cup drivers, regardless of experience, are prohibited from participating). Preece, with the American Red Cross on the No. 20 car, finished 4th at Kentucky.
Preece moved to Gibbs' No. 18 Safelite Toyota at Homestead. Preece was involved in a controversy, as championship contender Elliott Sadler placed the blame on Preece for blocking him on the final restart of the season. Preece still managed a top 5 finish.
On November 15, 2017, it was announced that Preece would run another partial schedule with JGR in 2018, running at least ten races in the No. 18 car, sharing it with JGR Cup drivers Kyle Busch, Erik Jones and Daniel Suárez, JGR development driver Kyle Benjamin, and Australian James Davison. While he is listed for ten races, more races are possible. Sponsorship of Preece's races in the No. 18 would come primarily from Rheem. A few of the races were instead supported by Ruud and its affiliate businesses.
Preece began his season with a 9th-place finish at California, his first time finishing outside the top 5 at Gibbs. He got back in the top 5 a week later at Texas.
Preece became eligible for the Xfinity Dash 4 Cash after his good run at Texas. The next week at Bristol, Preece won the race and the bonus, taking home the $100,000. It was Preece's second career Xfinity Series win.
Preece did not run any of the other Dash 4 Cash races. He returned to the No. 18 car at Daytona.
2019: JR Motorsports
For 2019, Preece joined JR Motorsports to drive their No. 8 part-time. He competed in four events, all finishing in the top ten with the highest of fourth at Pocono.
Cup Series
2015: Premium Motorsports
Preece drove the No. 98 Chevy out of the TBR shop in partnership with Premium Motorsports. After starting 37th, he finished 32nd in the Sylvania 300. Preece returned to the Cup Series for the final four races of the season with Premium. TBR did not assist his races at Martinsville, Texas, and Phoenix, though they returned to help field the No. 98 at Homestead out of their shop.
2019–2021: JTG Daugherty Racing
On September 28, 2018, Preece was announced as the new full-time driver of the No. 47 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 for JTG Daugherty Racing in 2019, replacing A. J. Allmendinger and competing for 2019 Rookie of the Year honors. Preece also joined JR Motorsports for a part-time Xfinity Series schedule in the No. 8 Camaro.
On August 16, 2019, Preece confirmed that he would remain with the team for the 2020 season. However, he moved to JTG's No. 37 car as new teammate Ricky Stenhouse Jr. took over the No. 47. For the Toyota 500 at Darlington Raceway, Preece started on the pole via field inversion, unofficially marking his first career pole at the Cup level; he had finished 20th in the previous race, and a field inversion placed him in first. Despite running with the leaders for much of the Toyota 500's early stages, he finished last after his engine failed on lap 69. Preece was involved in a violent crash on a restart at Kansas Speedway in July 2020. On a restart down the backstretch, Christopher Bell came up in front of Ryan Newman sending Bell into the outside wall. Bell came back across traffic where Newman tagged Preece and Preece hit the inside wall head on and nearly sent Preece on his side. Fortunately, Preece walked out unscathed. It was Preece's fourth straight DNF, but broke a string of last-place finishes. Preece scored a total of 8 DNF's during the season, and finished out the year 29th in points.
Preece returned to the No. 37 in 2021, but the car did not have a charter that would have guaranteed it a spot in every race and only carried enough sponsorship for 24 of 36 races. The performance and funding of the team suffered. The No. 37 would be shutdown after 2021, leaving Preece without a ride.
Truck Series
Preece made his debut in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series in 2021, driving the No. 17 for David Gilliland Racing in the races at Nashville Superspeedway and Pocono Raceway. Despite driving for a Chevrolet team in the Cup Series, Preece drove for DGR, a Ford team, in these starts. At Nashville, he passed Grant Enfinger with six laps remaining which enabled him to become the fifth driver in series history to win in his first career start.
2022: Part-time driver
On January 6, 2022, Stewart-Haas Racing hired Preece as a reserve driver, as the backup driver for all related teams and simulator driver for SHR. Preece will also race two Cup races for Rick Ware Racing at Dover and Charlotte, three Xfinity races for B. J. McLeod Motorsports at Richmond, Charlotte, and Nashville, and seven Truck races for David Gilliland Racing. Preece started 13th in the No. 15 Rick Ware Racing car for his Cup Series start in the 2022 DuraMAX Drydene 400 at Dover and finished 25th. Preece would run all three races during the Coke 600 weekend. He finished 11th in the Truck Series event after being involved in an accident with Carson Hocevar. On June 24, 2022, Preece would win his first career NASCAR Camping World Truck Series pole at Nashville Superspeedway. He would go onto lead 74 of the 150 laps, winning Stage 2 and his second career Truck Series race. He would also race in the XFINITY Series event the following day.
Personal life
Preece is a native of Berlin, Connecticut. He is the youngest of three sons. In 2009, he graduated from Xavier High School.
Preece married his longtime girlfriend, Heather DesRochers, in 2017. DesRochers is also a racing driver and was a participant in NASCAR's Drive for Diversity combine in 2009 and 2010, attempting to become one of the drivers selected to be in the D4D program, although she was not selected either year. The two met at Stafford Motor Speedway in 2009 and competed against each other at in the SK Modified Series in 2011, where Preece won the championship and DesRochers was the Rookie of the Year.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led. ** – All laps led.)
Cup Series
Daytona 500
Xfinity Series
Camping World Truck Series
Season still in progress
Ineligible for series points
K&N Pro Series East
K&N Pro Series West
Whelen Modified Tour
Whelen Southern Modified Tour
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
NASCAR drivers
People from Berlin, Connecticut
Racing drivers from Connecticut
Sportspeople from Connecticut
Joe Gibbs Racing drivers
JR Motorsports drivers
John Fury is an Irish boxing cornerman and former professional boxer and bare-knuckle fighter. He is best known for being the father of two-time heavyweight boxing world champion Tyson Fury, as well as professional boxer and reality television star Tommy Fury. He is also uncle to heavyweight boxer Hughie Fury.
Background
Fury was born in Tuam, Galway, Ireland into a family of Irish Traveller heritage. Fury descends from a long line of bare-knuckle fighters some of which include King of the Gypsies, Bartley Gorman, Uriah Burton and Bartholomew Gorman I, commonly known as a Boxing Bartley. Fury was born in Ireland but spent most of his life in Manchester, England.
As well as being a professional boxer, Fury has also said that he has been involved in hundreds of bare-knuckle bouts.
Fury has reportedly stated that the fights he did have been "usually over within seconds", and that he "wasn't an especially big puncher", but that he would "not stop swinging until they were out cold, I'd hit them with fists, elbows, head, teeth and feet until they dropped and give best [surrendered]".
Boxing career
Fury's professional boxing career spanned eight years, beginning in April 1987 and ending in June 1995. In total, he was involved in 13 bouts.
He made his professional debut on 28 April 1987 when he lost to rugby league player Adam Fogerty in Halifax, West Yorkshire. From there Fury went on to win his next six fights until a draw with David Hopkins in Helsinki on 13 February 1989.
He was rewarded by a shot at the vacant Central Area title against Neil Malpass but lost on points.
After that he rebounded with wins against Michael Murray, a future British title challenger and Cesare Di Benedetto, a future Italian title challenger.
However in his next fight Fury suffered a KO loss against future WBO champion Henry Akinwande.
This loss was followed by a four year absence from the ring until Fury returned against former opponent Steve Garber in Manchester in 1995; he was knocked out again inside four rounds.
Fury finished his career with the record of 8–4–1.
Public image
Fury is well known in the boxing world and has been involved in many high-profile situations whilst supporting his son Tyson. After Tyson Fury defeated reigning 11-year champion Wladimir Klitschko in Düsseldorf on 27 November 2015, John Fury heavily criticised the media for the lack of faith they placed in his son before the fight. In the much-publicised speech at a post-fight press conference, Fury instructed the media to "stop being yes men" and ordered everybody in the room to give his son a standing ovation for his achievement.
In the build-up to Tyson's rematch with Deontay Wilder, Fury was involved in a heated dispute with former heavyweight boxer David Haye over his son's chances before the fight. Fury stated that Wilder would 'crack' given that Tyson was no longer "as weak as a kitten" unlike in their previous controversial draw. He told BT Sport, "A man when he's pressured and he's in a hard time, he'll crack at the seams", before offering Haye a £1,000,000 bet on whether he would be proven correct, which he was. Fury's verbal tirades often verge on the obscene when, for example, he publicly belittled Deontay Wilder stating that he "is not fit to carry Anthony Joshua's jockstrap".
More recently, Fury appeared in the ITV documentary series Tyson Fury: The Gypsy King detailing the road to his son's rematch with Wilder. Fury appears many times but most notably in one of the final scenes showing his live reaction to the fight as he watched on a television at the BT Studios.
In March 2022, John Fury was confirmed as a brand ambassador for the sports betting website, Freebets.com.
Criminal conviction
In 2011, Fury was found guilty of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm for gouging a man's eye out in a brawl in 2010. He was handed an 11-year sentence. The victim was left half-blind after a 12-year dispute erupted in violence at a car auction in 2010, with Fury getting the victim in a headlock and forcing his fingers into the victim's eyes. He was released from prison in February 2015.
Media appearances
Fury has appeared on multiple British television broadcasters, including live shows, pre-recorded programmes and documentaries. On 20 February 2020, he appeared on the ITV show This Morning before Tyson's rematch with Wilder, reassuring viewers that "Tyson is at his strongest now".
On 13 February, he appeared on breakfast television show Good Morning Britain discussing his son's mental health, as well as his view on his younger son Tommy Fury's involvement in the ITV2 reality television series Love Island.
Professional boxing record
References
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Irish male boxers
People from Tuam
Fury family
Sekadau Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan province of Indonesia. It was created in 2003 from part of Sanggau Regency. It covers an area of 5,444.2 km2, and had a population of 181,634 at the 2010 Census, 193,226 at the 2015 Census and 211,559 at the 2020 Census. The regency seat lies at Sekadau in Sekadau Hilir District.
History
Geography
Climate
Sekadau has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with heavy to very heavy rainfall year-round.
Governance
Administrative districts
Sekadau Regency consists of seven districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census.
Local government
The regency is a second-level administrative division equivalent to a city. As a regency, it is headed by a regent who is elected democratically. Head of districts are appointed directly by the regent with the recommendation of the regency secretary. Executive power lies with the regent and vice regent, while legislative function is exercised by the regency's parliament.
Politics
Economy
Demographics
Infrastructure
Education
As of 2020, there are 35 kindergartens in the regency, 241 elementary schools, 67 junior highschools, and 23 senior highschools. In addition, the regency has six vocational highschools. It only has one higher educational institutions, Keling Kumang Institute, which is private but partially supported by regency government. The institute campus is located at town of Sekadau and focus on technology-related programs such as agrotechnology and computer. The regency also has one public library maintained by regency government, also located on its regency seat, town of Sekadau.
There are also four Islamic boarding schools (pesantren) in the regency as of 2020.
Healthcare
The regency has one hospital, four polyclinics, 67 puskesmas, and 6 pharmacy. The only hospital in the regency, Sekadau Regional Hospital, is a public hospital owned by regency government. It is classified as C-class by Ministry of Health and located just across the town of Sekadau. In addition, there are two family planning clinics, 10 village medical clinics, 239 healthcare posts, and 109 maternity cottages.
Transportation
There are 852.85 kilometers of road in the regency, out of which 584.501 kilometers are maintained by regency government. From those 584.501 kilometers, 115.436 kilometers have not yet sealed and still has soil surface as of 2020. There's no airport in the regency and the main transportation is using road travel. The closest airport is Tebelian Airport which is located on Sintang Regency.
Others
There are exactly 272 mosques, 149 Protestant churches, 303 Catholic churches, three Chinese Buddhist temples (Vihara), and seven Confucianist temple (klenteng).
References
Regencies of West Kalimantan
The Visa-Bikar 2004 was the forty-fifth season of the Icelandic national football cup. It started on May 16, 2004 and concluded with the final on October 2, 2004. The winners qualified for the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup 2005–06.
Preliminary round
First round
Second round
1The match finished 2-2 a.e.t. with ÍR winning 5-4 on penalties. However, ÍH were awarded the match 3-0 after ÍR fielded an ineligible player.
Third round
Fourth round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
External links
RSSSF Page
2004 domestic association football cups
2004 in Icelandic football
2004
This is a list of the main career statistics of American professional tennis player, Madison Keys. To date, Keys has won five WTA singles titles, including one Premier 5, four Premier, and reached four more finals. Having first cracked the top 100 after reaching the third round at the 2013 Australian Open, Keys introduced herself to the wider public when she reached the Australian Open semifinals in 2015 as a teenager, losing to the World No. 1 and eventual champion Serena Williams. She cracked the top 20 for the first time following the tournament. On June 20, 2016, Keys achieved a top 10 ranking for the first time in her career, which she secured by reaching the Birmingham final. In September 2017, Keys reached her first Grand Slam final at the 2017 US Open.
Performance timelines
Only main-draw results in WTA Tour, Grand Slam tournaments, Fed Cup/Billie Jean King Cup and Olympic Games are included in win–loss records.
Singles
Current through the 2022 Tallinn.
Doubles
Current through the 2022 French Open.
Grand Slam tournament finals
Singles: 1 (1 runner-up)
Other significant finals
Premier Mandatory & Premier 5 finals
Singles: 3 (1 title, 2 runner-ups)
Olympic Games medal matches
Singles: 1
WTA career finals
Singles: 11 (6 titles, 5 runner-ups)
Fed Cup/Billie Jean King Cup participation
Current through the 2020 Fed Cup Qualifying Round.
Singles (4–4)
Doubles (1–1)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 4 (3 titles, 1 runner-up)
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
WTA Tour career earnings
Current after the 2022 Adelaide International 2.
Career Grand Slam statistics
Career Grand Slam seedings
The tournaments won by Keys are in boldface, and advanced into finals by Keys are in italics.
Best Grand Slam results details
Grand Slam winners are in boldface, and runner–ups are in italics.
Longest winning streaks
10-match winning streak (2022)
Record against other players
Record against top 10 players
Keys's record against players who have been ranked in the top 10. Active players are in boldface.
No. 1 wins
Top 10 wins
Notes
References
Keys, Madison
Vereide Church () is a medieval parish church of the Church of Norway in Gloppen Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is the only stone church in the Nordfjord region. It is located in the village of Vereide, along the eastern coast of the Gloppefjorden. It is one of the four churches for the Gloppen parish which is part of the Nordfjord prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white, stone church was built in a long church style in the 12th century by an unknown architect. The church seats about 460 people.
History
The earliest existing historical records of the church date back to the year 1303, but the church was not new at that time. The church is a stone long church that was likely built in the 12th century, possibly in 1163 (this year is inscribed in an archway within the building). It originally had a rectangular nave and a narrower chancel with a lower roofline. This is the oldest surviving stone church in the Nordfjord region of Norway, and it was one of the original four churches built in the Nordfjord-Sunnfjord region (with the others being Eid Church, Kinn Church, and Askvoll Church). The church was extensively remodeled in 1631 and a few times since then.
In 1814, this church served as an election church (). Together with more than 300 other parish churches across Norway, it was a polling station for elections to the 1814 Norwegian Constituent Assembly which wrote the Constitution of Norway. This was Norway's first national elections. Each church parish was a constituency that elected people called "electors" who later met together in each county to elect the representatives for the assembly that was to meet in Eidsvoll later that year.
In 1861, larger windows were installed. In 1879, a new wooden church porch with a tower was added. In 1904, the long-disused medieval soapstone baptismal font was found and re-installed in the church. It is the only remaining item of medieval origin that is still in use in the church. In 1931, a new chancel and sacristy were built. During the 1960s, the sacristy was enlarged.
Media gallery
See also
List of churches in Bjørgvin
References
Gloppen
Churches in Vestland
Long churches in Norway
Stone churches in Norway
12th-century churches in Norway
12th-century establishments in Norway
Norwegian election church
Jennie Quigley (August 20, 1850 – March 11, 1936) was a Scottish sideshow performer in the United States. She was billed as "The Queen of Scotland" and "the Smallest Lady in the World" by P. T. Barnum.
Early life
Jennie Quigley was born in Glasgow, the daughter of James Quigley and Jane Kerr Quigley. She moved to Brooklyn, New York with her mother and brother in 1861.
Career
Quigley was hired by P. T. Barnum in 1863, while she was still quite young and not finished growing. He publicized her as "the Queen of Scotland" and "the Smallest Woman in the World." Early in her career she was described as being under two feet tall; at age 28, she was said to be 36 inches tall; by the time she retired in 1917, she was 41 inches tall.
Quigley toured with the Lilliputian Comic Opera Company from 1877 until at least 1901, working with other sideshow performers, including fellow little people Commodore Nutt, Charles W. Nestel ("Commodore Foote"), Admiral Dot, and Eliza Nestel ("Queenie Foote"). In 1887 her likeness was featured in advertisements for the "World's Museum" in Boston. After meeting hypnotist "Madame Mozart" in Denver, the two women devised an act together in 1897. In 1933 and 1934, though long retired, she was part of the "Midget Village" exhibit at Chicago's Century of Progress exposition, and celebrated her 83rd birthday in a large public gathering, as part of the festivities.
At least one audience member named a child after Jennie Quigley.
Personal life
Jennie Quigley was initiated in 1876 as a member of the Order of the Eastern Star in Chicago. She died in 1936, aged 85 years, in the Chicago home of her nephew, Victor Quigley.
References
External links
An 1879 studio photograph of Jennie Quigley, from the Denver Public Library.
A studio photograph of Jennie Quigley and Commodore Foote, taken in London, at New York Public Library.
Jennie Quigley's gravesite, on Find a Grave.
1850 births
1936 deaths
Sideshow performers
People from Brooklyn
Scottish emigrants to the United States
Order of the Eastern Star
Richard James "JR" Castro is an American R&B singer-songwriter from Las Vegas, Nevada. Castro was originally a member of the Interscope/Zone 4 R&B act I-15, best known for their 2007 single, "Lost in Love". In 2015, he gained attention for his debut solo single "Get Home" featuring Kid Ink and Quavo.
Career
Career beginnings
Castro started his career as a member of I-15, an R&B trio. They gained attention with their 2007 single "Lost in Love", which was produced by Polow Da Don. In 2007 the group was featured on the single "Soulja Girl" by American rapper Soulja Boy. It peaked at number 32 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
2015–present: Songs You Were Made To and Sexpectations, Vol.1
In July 2015, Castro released his debut solo single "Get Home", which was produced by DJ Mustard and features guest appearances from American rappers Kid Ink and Quavo of Migos. An official music video for the single was released in October 2015. "Get Home" peaked at number 11 on the US Rhythmic chart and topped the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart.
In February 2016, Castro premiered the music video for the Timbaland-produced single "FMN". While talking about how he met Timbaland, Castro said; "I met Timbaland in Vegas backstage one year at a Justin Timberlake concert in 2014. He heard my music going around the city, being in Vegas. At the time the music I had out was strictly in the city and he got a hold of it. He thought it was dope. It was a blessing for me as it was Timbaland." On August 22, 2016, Castro released his debut EP Songs You Were Made To, which features guest appearances from Poo Bear and Goldie. On October 13, 2017, he released his second EP titled Sexpectations, Vol.1.
Discography
EPs
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Notes
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American contemporary R&B singers
Musicians from Las Vegas
Tielman Johannes de Villiers Roos (8 May 1879 – 28 March 1935) was a right wing South African politician and sometime Cabinet minister.
Labour politics
Roos made his name as the leader of a group of young members of the South African Party who were opposed to the creation of the Union of South Africa by Louis Botha. Roos and his followers fell in with Daniel François Malan and he was a founding member of the National Party. As head of the party in Transvaal Roos sought to build a following amongst the white workers in the area, supporting mine workers' strikes in 1918. Using his as his personal slogan "workers of the world unite and fight for a white South Africa", he was a regular speaker at a series of events in 1922 when white miners went back on strike over wage cuts and an increase in the proportion of black workers allowed. Roos' connections to the working class voters was instrumental in securing the National Party's coalition with the South African Labour Party that led to their victory in the 1924 election. Indeed attempts between the two parties to reach an agreement during the 1922 strike were even known as "Roos's Parliament" such was his influence at the time.
In government
Roos would serve as Justice Minister from 1924 to 1929. In government he was a strong advocate of racial segregation but despite this he defended the rights of the Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union to organise amongst Black workers in Durban. He also continued his policy of reaching out to the workers, describing the Labour Party as 'brothers' of the National Party and encouraged working class voters to join the party.
Gold standard
Roos spent three years as a judge in the Supreme Court of Appeal but resigned after criticizing Prime Minister of South Africa James Barry Munnik Hertzog due to a lack of plans to come off the gold standard. He then used this issue to relaunch his political career. Roos proposed an alliance with Jan Smuts to ensure he got his way, although the former PM was unwilling as Roos wanted the Premiership for himself. Ultimately however Roos personal popularity ensured that his demands were agreed to with Finance Minister N.C. Havenga taking the country off gold in a move that led to a widespread economic up-turn.
This success of sorts was to be Roos' final contribution to South African politics as, although it had initially been his campaign, support dwindled after the country came off gold. Roos would die soon afterwards. He was a South African Freemason.
References
1879 births
1935 deaths
Politicians from Cape Town
Afrikaner people
20th-century South African judges
Chancellors of the University of Pretoria
South African Party (Union of South Africa) politicians
National Party (South Africa) politicians
Justice ministers of South Africa
South African Freemasons
Eilema homochroma is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1957. It is found on Madagascar.
Subspecies
Eilema homochroma homochroma
Eilema homochroma ambrensis Toulgoët, 1971
References
homochroma
Paduka is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera genus database
Hesperiidae
Hesperiidae genera
This is the discography documenting albums and singles released by American singer-songwriter Jordan Knight.
Albums
Studio albums
Remix albums
Jordan Knight Performs New Kids on the Block: The Remix Album (2004)
Collaborative albums
Extended plays
The Fix (2005)
Singles
Other charted songs
Other songs
"Angel of Love" featuring Ana (Body Language)
"Can I Come Over Tonight?" (also a bonus track on the UK edition of Jordan Knight)
"My Heart's Saying Now" (Snow Day soundtrack)
"Your Vibe" (Popstar soundtrack)
"One on One" (Best Buy bonus track from Love Songs, Hall & Oates cover).
References
New Kids on the Block
Pop music group discographies
The 1974 Croydon Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
Addiscombe
Bensham Manor
Broad Green
Central
Coulsdon East
East
New Addington
Norbury
Purley
Sanderstead & Selsdon
Sanderstead North
Shirley
South Norwood
Thornton Heath
Upper Norwood
Waddon
West Thornton
Whitehorse Manor
Woodcote & Coulsdon West
Woodside
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Sosatie (pl sosaties) is a traditional South African dish of meat (usually lamb or mutton) cooked on skewers. The term derives from sate ("skewered meat") and saus (spicy sauce). It is of Cape Malay origin, used in Afrikaans, the primary language of the Cape Malays, and the word has gained greater circulation in South Africa. Marinated, cubed meat (usually lamb) is skewered and cooked by braaing (barbecued) shish-kebab style. Sosatie recipes vary, but commonly the ingredients can include cubes of lamb, beef, chicken, dried apricots, red onions and mixed peppers.
Preparation
To prepare, mutton chunks are marinated overnight in fried onions, chillies, garlic, curry leaves and tamarind juice, then threaded on skewers and either pan-fried or grilled. However, the most common way to cook the sosaties is outside, on a braai (or barbecue). The meat chunks are often interspersed with small onions, sliced peppers, dried apricots or prunes.
See also
List of African dishes
List of lamb dishes
Similar dishes
Anticuchos - Peru and other Andean states
Arrosticini - Italy (Abruzzo)
Brochette - France, Spain (Catalonia)
Chuanr - China
City chicken - United States
Espetada - Portugal
Frigărui - Romania
Kabab torsh - Iran
Kebakko - Finland
Khorovats - Armenia
Kkochi - Korea
Pinchitos - Spain (Andalusia and Extremadura)
Ražnjići - Balkans
Satay - Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Thailand,France and the Netherlands
Shashlik - Caucasus and Central Asia
Souvlaki - Greece
Shish kebab - Turkey, Middle East, and South Asia
Suya - Nigeria
Yakitori - Japan
References
Lamb dishes
Grilled skewers
South African cuisine
Manwer Lal is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan on a seat reserved for minorities as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani Hindus
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Muttahida Qaumi Movement MNAs
Juan Pablo Vergara Martínez (24 February 1985 – 2 December 2019) was a Peruvian professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Born in Lima, Vergara began his professional football career in 2003, when he debuted for Universitario de Deportes. He would then go on to play for various clubs in Peru such as Sport Áncash, CNI, César Vallejo, Sport Boys, Real Garcilaso, Inti Gas, Alfonso Ugarte de Puno, Los Caimanes, Atlético Minero, Sport Loreto, UTC and Deportivo Binacional. With Binacional, Vergara won the 2019 Torneo Apertura and qualified for the championship round of the 2019 Peruvian Liga 1 playoffs. However, a car accident a few days before the scheduled matches for the championship round resulted in his tragic death.
Death
On 2 December 2019, Vergara was involved in a car accident along with teammates Donald Millán and Jeferson Collazos. The three footballers were headed to Juliaca from Puno to train with Deportivo Binacional as preparation for their upcoming series of matches for the championship round of the 2019 Peruvian Liga 1 playoffs. Around 14:30 PET, Vergara's car flipped on the side of the Puno–Juliaca road due to slippery conditions caused by rain and hail. The three were helped out of the vehicle by local rescuers and taken to Clínica Americana, a clinic in Juliaca. Millán and Collazos were discharged unharmed but Vergara was in critical condition. Binacional then announced through its social media networks that blood donors were needed for surgical intervention. Hours later, the club announced the passing of Vergara. The clinic indicated through a press release that the impact of the steering wheel with Vergara resulted in "a severe massive hemorrhage in the left hemithorax." Vergara suffered a perforation of the liver by a broken rib, triggering a hemorrhage. Despite the early intervention of the doctors, the player died.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Alfonso Ugarte
Peruvian Segunda División runner-up: 2013
Deportivo Binacional
Torneo Apertura: 2019
Liga 1: 2019
Individual
Peruvian Segunda División Player of the Year: 2013
Peruvian Liga 1 Goal of the Year: 2019.
References
1985 births
2019 deaths
Peruvian footballers
Sport Áncash footballers
Colegio Nacional Iquitos footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad César Vallejo footballers
Sport Boys footballers
Real Garcilaso footballers
Ayacucho FC footballers
Alfonso Ugarte de Puno players
Los Caimanes footballers
Atlético Minero footballers
Footballers from Lima
Sport Loreto players
Universidad Técnica de Cajamarca footballers
Escuela Municipal Deportivo Binacional players
Peruvian Primera División players
Peruvian Segunda División players
Association football midfielders
Road incident deaths in Peru
John A. “Jack” Zduriencik (; born January 11, 1951) is an American radio broadcaster and former professional baseball executive, scout, and player. He currently works as a radio host for KDKA-FM, which is affiliated with the Pittsburgh Pirates. He also served as the general manager of the Seattle Mariners from 2008 until 2015.
Career
Zduriencik began his career in professional baseball as a second baseman in the Chicago White Sox farm system. From 1973 to 1974, he spent time playing for both the Gulf Coast White Sox and the Appleton Foxes.
Following his playing career, Zduriencik spent several years as a coach for both baseball and football. His coaching tour included stops at Austin Peay State University (1975–77), Clairton High School (PA, 1977–80), and Tarpon Springs High School (FL, 1980–82).
Zduriencik returned to professional baseball in 1983. Successive roles involving scouting and player development comprised most of the next two-plus decades of his experience, as he spent time in the positions of:
Area Scout, 1983–1989, New York Mets
National Crosschecker, 1990 and 1994–1995, New York Mets
Director of Scouting, 1991–1993, Pittsburgh Pirates
Director of Minor League Operations, 1995–1998, New York Mets
Special Assistant to the General Manager, 1998, New York Mets
Director of International Operations, 1998–1999, Los Angeles Dodgers
Director of Scouting, 1999–2006, Milwaukee Brewers
Special Assistant to the General Manager, 2006–2008, Milwaukee Brewers
Director of Amateur Scouting, 2006–2008. Milwaukee Brewers
Special Assistant to the GM for Player Personnel, 2008, Milwaukee Brewers.
Zduriencik was so successful in Milwaukee that many observers felt that he deserved a large part of the credit for the Brewers' eventual return to playoff contention in 2008. Brewers general manager Doug Melvin praised Zduriencik's efforts when he was quoted as saying: "No doubt about it, he deserves almost all the credit for the young players we have. The players he has drafted are making an impact at the big league level."
In recognition of his success with the Brewers, Baseball America made Zduriencik the first non-GM to receive their Major League Executive of the Year Award in 2007.
Seattle Mariners
In October 2008, following a dismal season and the firing of GM Bill Bavasi, the Seattle Mariners announced the hiring of Zduriencik as the franchise's new general manager. At the time, the team was the first to have lost 100 games while shouldering a player payroll of more than $100 million, and it was reported by critics at the time to be a good hire.
At an October 2008 press conference following his hiring, Zduriencik got right to the point in introducing his philosophy going forward in Seattle: “I'd love to have guys with good makeup and good character, committed to the city and the ballclub. But, when all is said and done, talent wins.”
One of Zduriencik's first moves was hiring Don Wakamatsu, the first Asian-American manager in MLB history. Next, during the Major League Baseball Winter Meetings in Las Vegas, Nevada, Zduriencik made a remarkable three-team, 12-player trade that sent star closer J. J. Putz to the New York Mets as well as prospect second baseman Luis Valbuena to the Cleveland Indians. In return, the Mariners received outfielders Franklin Gutiérrez and Endy Chávez and first baseman Mike Carp, a prospect in the Mets' organization, as well as starting pitcher prospect Jason Vargas. During the beginning of spring training, Zduriencik signed Mariners fan favorite Ken Griffey Jr. to a one-year deal.
After an 85-77 finish in 2009, Zduriencik's teams slumped to 61-101 in 2010, 67-95 in 2011, 75-87 in 2012, and 71-91 in 2013.
On December 7, 2013, Seattle Times columnist Geoff Baker wrote a scathing article about Zduriencik, quoting past employees to show that he is difficult to work with. He was accused of lying about knowledge of Josh Lueke's criminal past before a trade with the Tampa Bay Rays. He is also accused of lying on his original job application that he has an advanced knowledge of and fondness for contemporary baseball Sabermetrics of the Billy Beane mold, knowing that it would be beneficial in getting him hired. An employee whom Zduriencik fired, Tony Blengino, made the claim that he, not Zduriencik, falsified Jack's resume, according to Baker's article in the Seattle Times: "Blengino, who was working for the Milwaukee Brewers with Zduriencik at the time, said he authored virtually the entire job application package Zduriencik gave the Mariners in 2008, depicting a dual-threat candidate melding traditional scouting with advanced statistical analysis."
Asked to respond to accusations by former manager Eric Wedge and Blengino, Zduriencik said: “I am aware of some of the comments of former members of our baseball operations group, and I find them unjust, misleading and one-sided. I don't believe the airing of ‘dirty laundry' should take place in the public arena, so I am not going to talk about internal meetings, daily conversations and personnel decisions.”
Zduriencik subsequently issued a public statement in response to the accusations in Baker's column. The statement read in part: "I can also say that our current statistical analysis group is doing excellent work. Our dedicated staff and the tools they are using are a key component in our decision making process, and are light years ahead of where we have been. I am engaged with their work on a daily basis and very excited in the improvements made... We have never deviated from our rebuilding plan. We have stayed the course, and we now have a talented group of young players. We are hard at work looking into every option to add to this core group, as we said we would, and we are looking forward to 2014 and beyond."
Zduriencik's assertion that advanced metrics have always been part of his office's player evaluation process seems to have been borne out by his 2009 hire of Jeff Kingston to be his assistant general manager. Kingston's grounding in advanced metrics was noted in a 2009 article in the Dickinson Magazine published by his alma mater: "Much of Kingston's research involves Sabermetrics, a scientific statistical analysis of players and teams designed to project future performance." In addition, the Mariners' Baseball Operations Analyst, Wesley Battle, and Quantitative Analyst, Jesse Smith, brought a sabermetric perspective to their work with the club's front office. In 2014, the Mariners enjoyed an 87-win season, an improvement of 16 wins over the previous year's total, and missed the playoffs by a single game.
On August 26, 2014, the Mariners extended Zduriencik's contract to a multi-year deal, based on the positive performance of the team in the 2014 season. Club President Kevin Mather expressed confidence that the Mariners were "in position to be a contender for many years to come" and thought Zduriencik was making a "valiant effort".
The Mariners fired Zduriencik on August 28, 2015. During his tenure in Seattle, the Mariners posted a 505-595 record, which was the fifth-worst record in baseball.
Education
Zduriencik earned a bachelor's degree in education at California University of Pennsylvania, followed by a master's degree in physical education at Austin Peay State University.
Personal
Self nicknamed "Trader Jack", Jack is married to Debbie Zduriencik. They have one daughter, Kimberly. He is also an alumnus of Sigma Tau Gamma fraternity.
Zduriencik currently works as the pre- and post-game co-host for the Pittsburgh Pirates on their flagship station KDKA-FM.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Los Angeles Dodgers executives
Major League Baseball general managers
New York Mets executives
New York Mets scouts
Pittsburgh Pirates scouts
Seattle Mariners executives
California University of Pennsylvania alumni
Austin Peay State University alumni
People from New Castle, Pennsylvania
Maja Škorić (; born 10 November 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player for KSC Szekszárd of the Hungarian First League and the EuroCup Women. She represents Serbia national team internationally.
Playing career
Škorić played for Čelarevo, Hemofarm (Serbia), Aluinvent Miskolc (Hungary), ŠBK Šamorín (Slovakia), VBW CEKK Ceglèd (Hungary) and Basket Landes (France).
National team career
Škorić was a member of the Serbia national team that participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017 in the Czech Republic. Over four tournament games, she averaged 4.5 points, 3.8 rebounds and 1.2 assists per game. She was a member of the national team that won bronze medal at the EuroBasket Women 2019 in Serbia. Over five tournament games, she averaged 2.8 points and 1.2 rebounds per game.
References
External links
Maja Skoric at eurobasket.com
1989 births
Living people
Serbs of Croatia
Basketball players from Rijeka
Serbian women's basketball players
Serbian women's 3x3 basketball players
Small forwards
ŽKK Vršac players
European champions for Serbia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Hungary
Serbian expatriate basketball people in France
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Slovakia
Croatian expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Olympic basketball players of Serbia
Basketball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
In processed animal foods, a filler is an ingredient added to provide dietary fiber, bulk or some other non-nutritive purpose.
Products like corncobs, feathers, soy, cottonseed hulls, peanut hulls, citrus pulp, screening, weeds, straw, and cereal by-products are often included as inexpensive fillers or low-grade fiber content.
Although most plant-derived fibers have low nutritional value to companion animals (cats and dogs), there is scientific research showing that there are some physiological benefits such as aiding in stool formation in the colon, helping to develop proper fecal consistency, overall colon health, in addition to other health benefits such as reduced blood sugar uptake.
According to critics , many commercial pet foods contain fillers that have little or no nutritional value, but are added to decrease the overall cost of the food, especially when pet food manufacturers attempt to keep their pet foods at a desired price point despite rising manufacturing, marketing, shipping, and related costs. Critics allege that low-grade fiber fillers actually aggravate the intestinal walls instead of promoting health, and that carnivores such as cats are not able to effectively digest plant-derived fibers in their hindgut.
In rare cases, contaminated fillers have led to large-scale recalls at significant expense to the pet food companies. Two examples are aflatoxin on corn in the 2006 Diamond Dog Food Recall and melamine, which may have contaminated wheat gluten and other protein concentrates in the 2007 pet food recalls.
See also
Dog food
Meat by-product
Meat extenders
References
External links
Functions of fiber - Purina
What's Really in Pet Food
Pet foods
This list of the largest cats shows the 10 largest extant Felidae species, ordered by maximum reported weight and size of wild individuals on record. The list does not contain cat hybrids, such as the liger or tigon.
List
Explanatory notes
References
Cats
Lists of cats
Tongatea may refer to:
Tongātea, sixteenth-century Māori chieftain of Ngāti Ruanui from southern Taranaki, New Zealand
Tongatea, wife of Ngaru in the mythology of Mangaia of the Cook Islands
See also
Manu-Tongātea
The Oginski Canal is a canal in Belarus which connects Yaselda River and Shchara River. Its length is 54 km. Its construction was started in 1765 by prince Michał Kazimierz Ogiński, hence the name.
References
Canals in Belarus
Canals opened in 1783
Andahuaylas (Quechua Antawaylla, anta copper, waylla meadow, "copper meadow") is a Peruvian city. It is the capital of the Andahuaylas Province in the Apurímac Region. It is known as the pradera de los celajes (Spanish for "prairie of colored clouds"). Its approximate population of 42,268 inhabitants (2017 census) makes it the first largest city in the region.
Location
Andahuyalas is located in the western part of the Apurímac Region. The nearest city is Aban
cay.
Transportation
Andahuaylas is served by its own airport, the Andahuaylas Airport.
Gallery
See also
Suyt'uqucha
References
External links
Pukllay, El verdadero carnaval originario de Perú. (www.pukllay.pe)
Andahuaylas.net Andahuaylas' web site
Municipalidad Andahuaylas
Andahuaylas.com (under construction)
Journal of Andahuaylas
Diario Opinión
Populated places in the Apurímac Region
The 2010 1000 km of Algarve was the third round of the 2010 Le Mans Series season. It took place at the Autódromo Internacional do Algarve on 17 July 2010.
Qualifying
Qualifying saw Orecatake pole position in the LMP1 class. Strakka Racing once again took pole in the LMP2 class. Applewood Seven took the FLM pole. Atlas FX Team Full Speed took the GT1 pole being one of only two cars competing in the class. The No. 96 AF Corse took the GT2 pole.
Qualifying result
Pole position winners in each class are marked in bold.
Race
Race result
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
References
Algarve
One Thousand of Algarve
Jian Yi () is a Chinese independent filmmaker, social innovator and food activist. His films Bamboo Shoots and Super, Girls! won a number of international film festival awards. Jian Yi co-founded the ground-breaking China Villager Documentary Project with filmmaker Wu Wenguang in 2004, and founded the IFChina Original Studio in 2008. His works have been shown at numerous film festivals, museums (including at the Museum of Modern Art in New York) and university campuses across the globe. Jian Yi also spoke at the Apple Artists' Series among many public and media talks, including the BBC and the National Public Radio.
Since 2014, Jian Yi has been at the forefront of promoting sustainable food system in China. He founded and preside the Good Food Fund under the China Biodiversity Conservation and Green Development Foundation, one of the ten global Top Visionaries named by the Rockefeller Foundation for its 2050 Food Systems Vision Prize. He was frequently interviewed by international media for his views on China's food systems and appeared on Eating Animals, a documentary produced by Natalie Portman.
Jian Yi served on the Core Leadership Team of Action Track 2 of the United Nations Food Systems Summit between 2020 and 2021 and led the initial Workstream 1 on Food Environments. He has served on a number of roles related to this, including on several UNFSS action areas, FoodXFilm Festival, etc. Jian Yi also led his colleagues to set up the China Action Hub for UNFSS AT2, and organized 10+ independent dialogues on food systems in the first half of 2021, with a combined view of 1 million for their livestreams across platforms. He serves as the Deputy Secretary General of the China Biodiversity Conservation and Green Development Foundation.
Jian Yi founded the China Vegan Society, which was officially launched in Dali, Yunnan, May 2021, receiving supporting messages from celebrated figures such as Peter Singer, Dr. Jane Goodall, and Joaquin Phoenix.
Personal life
Jian Yi was born in Ji'an, Jiangxi, China in 1975. He lives in Beijing with his wife, Eva Song, and son, Kuankuan.
Education
Jian Yi received a Bachelor of Education in Education Management from Jiangxi Normal University in 1995, a Master's degree in International Peace Studies from the University of Notre Dame in 1998, and an MA in International Journalism from Beijing Broadcasting Institute in 1999. Jian received the Distinguished Alumni Award from the Kroc Institute of International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame in 2015. Jian Yi studies at the Harvard Kennedy School as a 2021-2022 Mid-Career MPA student (as the only student from China of the year), a Mason Fellow and a Gleitsman Leadership Fellow of the Center for Public Leadership at Harvard Kennedy School.
He was a tenured lecturer at the Communication University of China for five years (1999-2004).
Filmmaking
Jian Yi is the founder and director of ARTiSIMPLE Studio, which was founded in January 2005 and has pioneered the art of collaborative community and citizen projects. In 2005–2006, he partnered with premier documentary filmmaker Wu Wenguang to launch the China Villager Documentary Project. Jian's photos on China's village governance toured the nation's seven provinces as well as the headquarters of the European Commission in Brussels and the Seat of the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
In 2007, Jian Yi won the Bronze Zenith Award at the 31st Montreal World Film Festival for his feature film Dong Sun ("Bamboo Shoots"), one of only two Asian films to win an award. In 2007 Jian also produced and directed Super, Girls!, the only independently produced documentary film about the Super Girl singing contest, one of the most popular TV shows in China's history. As a result, he was one of the three Chinese national finalists selected by the British Council for the 2007 International Young Film Entrepreneur of the Year award. (Bamboo Shoots officially hit Canadian cinemas on August 26, 2010.)
Social Memories/Civic Engagement
Jian launched the IFChina in his hometown of Ji'an, birthplace of Mao Zedong's Revolution, in 2008–2009 with Douglas Xiao and Eva Song. IFChina was China's first civic engagement center that focuses solely on documenting social memories through the use of filmmaking, photography, oral history and theater. It was inspired by the China Villager Documentary Project, co-founded by Wu Wenguang and Jian Yi in 2004.
Food systems activism
Jointly with Yale Hospitality of Yale University, Jian started the China Food Leadership Initiative in 2018 and during the Chinese New Year in 2019, he headed a delegation of seven top Chinese chefs, entrepreneurs, journalists and toured five U.S. universities (Yale, UMass, Harvard, UConn and CIA), where they coached chefs in the host universities on preparing for Chinese New Year banquets and were engaged in dialogues on sustainable food system. The tour was taken place under the theme of the Food Forward Forum.
Other activism
In 2012–2014, he lived and worked at the 1700-year-old Buddhist monastery at the foot of Mount Lu, a World Heritage Site.
Jian Yi served as a member of the Art Advisory Board for the Yale-China Association. He was the founding president of the Notre Dame Club of Beijing in 2006.
Fellowships
2021 Gleitsman Leadership Fellow, the Center for Public Leadership, Harvard Kennedy School, Harvard University
2011 delegate to the Asia Society's Asia 21 Young Leaders Summit in Jakarta, Indonesia
2009 Yale World Fellow (Yale University, New Haven, CT)
2008–2010 India-China Fellow (New School, New York City)
2007–2008 Starr Foundation Fellowship (Asian Cultural Council, New York City)
2007 Visiting Fellow, CRASSH (University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK)
Awards
Bamboo Shoots
Bronze Zenith Award, 27th Montreal World Film Festival
Digital Cinema Award, 10th Barcelona Asian Film Festival
Official Selection, Minneapolis-St. Paul International Film Festival, 2008
Official Selection, 10th Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema, 2008
Super Girls!
Official Selection, Cambridge Film Festival, 2007
Official Selection, Documentary Fortnight, Museum of Modern Art, New York, 2008
Filmography
External links
Good Food Fund/Academy
China Village Documentary Project
Artisimple.com
IfChina.org
https://news.yale.edu/2019/01/31/how-did-yale-hospitality-become-lean-green-leader-even-chinas-asking
https://news.yale.edu/2019/02/01/yale-hosts-top-chinese-chefs-sustainability-focused-culinary-exchange
https://www.chinadialogue.net/article/show/single/en/11062-A-less-meaty-Year-of-the-Pig-
Yale World Fellows Program
China Vegan Society
https://www.plantforwardkitchen.org/jian-yi
Interviews
Roger Ebert Show - Chinese Cinema, Oct. 2011
"You Can't Build on an Emptiness," by Dan Edwards, Real Time Arts
China Dialogue
Eating Animals - the documentary: http://www.eatinganimalsmovie.com/
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2019/mar/29/can-the-world-quench-chinas-bottomless-thirst-for-milk
China's cloned cows: meat on the table or environmental disaster? https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/dec/05/chinas-cloned-cows-meat-on-the-table-or-environmental-disaster
Bloomberg story on China's wet market after outbreak of COVID-19 on 2020: https://www.bloombergquint.com/global-economics/wuhan-is-returning-to-life-so-are-its-disputed-wet-markets
China Wakes Up to the Need of a Greener Diet: https://www.ft.com/content/afc52d70-1bab-4375-984e-7814a1d0aa7d
The Rockefeller Foundation short documentary about Jian Yi and the Good Food Fund's vision: https://foodxfilmfestival.org/rockefeller-foundation
Film directors from Jiangxi
Asian Cultural Council grantees
Living people
People from Ji'an
Chinese film directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jiangxi Normal University alumni
University of Notre Dame alumni
Communication University of China alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Combet v Commonwealth, was an Australian court case commenced in the original jurisdiction of the High Court of Australia by Greg Combet, then the secretary of the Australian Council of Trade Unions, and Nicola Roxon. The plaintiffs challenged the Australian Government's use of public funds to advertise the new Work Choices legislation. The High Court found that the expenditure was authorised by the Appropriation Act (No. 1) 2005–2006.
Background to the case
In May 2005 the Prime Minister informed the Australian House of Representatives that the federal government intended to reform industrial relations laws by introducing a unified national system. In the following weeks, the Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU) began an opposition campaign to the proposed laws which included extensive television advertising. On 23 July 2005, the first defendant, the Commonwealth of Australia, printed advertisements in newspapers and on 15 August 2005, the Commonwealth entered into contracts amounting to AU$3.84 million for the purpose of advertising the proposed reforms. The funding for the advertisement was to be drawn out of the public funds of the treasury of the Commonwealth. In October 2005, the ACTU and the Australian Labor Party brought an action against the Federal Government, claiming that the public funds used to advertise the Work Choices legislation were not appropriated by law.
Arguments
Under section 81 of the Australian Constitution, all monies raised by the executive government of the Commonwealth must "be appropriated for the purposes of the Commonwealth in the manner and subject to the charges and liabilities imposed". Section 83 of the Constitution provides that no money shall be drawn from the Treasury of the Commonwealth except under appropriation made by law. Government expenditure is appropriated by law through the annual passing of one or more Appropriation Acts. The question for the High Court was one of statutory construction – that is, whether the advertising was authorised by the Appropriation Act (No. 1) 2005–2006, rather than whether the Act was itself constitutionally valid.
The plaintiffs contended that, contrary to section 83 of the Constitution, the expenditure was not "appropriated by law" as it did not fall within the relevant outcomes set out in schedule 1 of the Appropriation Act. The defendants contended that the advertisements would at least fall within outcome 2, "higher productivity, higher pay workplaces" and also, appropriations should be interpreted broadly.
Judgment
Gummow, Hayne, Heydon and Callinan JJ
Gummow, Hayne, Heydon and Callinan JJ ruled in favour of the defendants on the basis that departmental items were not tied to their outcomes. In other words, government expenditure was lawful as long as the government had stated what the funds were being used for and that it was not the job of the courts to decide whether government policy would result in its stated goals.
Gleeson CJ
Chief Justice Gleeson ruled that the advertisement could possibly result in "higher productivity, higher wages" and that it was for parliament to decide how best to achieve its aims.
Kirby and McHugh JJ
Justices Kirby and McHugh dissented on the account of public funded advertisement not being appropriated at law when it has no nexus with the aims of the expenditure.
References
High Court of Australia cases
2005 in Australian law
2005 in case law
La brújula rota (English: The broken compass) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and transmitted by Telesistema Mexicano.
Jorge Mistral and Ariadna Welter starred as protagonists, Guillermo Zetina starred as main antagonist.
Cast
Jorge Mistral
Ariadna Welter
Guillermo Zetina
Elda Peralta
Andrea Palma
Elsa Cárdenas
Emilio Brillas
Madaleine Vivo
References
External links
Mexican telenovelas
1961 telenovelas
Televisa telenovelas
1961 Mexican television series debuts
1961 Mexican television series endings
Spanish-language telenovelas
Edmund White (29 January 1928 – 6 March 2004) was an English cricketer. White was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Lee, London.
White made his first-class debut for Northamptonshire against Glamorgan in the 1946 County Championship. He made a further first-class appearance in 1947 against the Combined Services, before making a final appearance against Essex in the 1948 County Championship. In his three first-class matches, he scored 44 runs at an average of 11.00, with a high score of 16.
He died at Stoke Mandeville Hospital, in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire on 6 March 2004.
References
External links
Edmund White at ESPNcricinfo
Edmund White at CricketArchive
1928 births
2004 deaths
People from Lee, London
Cricketers from Greater London
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Sir George Joseph Ball, KBE (1885–1961) was a British barrister, intelligence officer, political administrator, political operator, government administrator, and industrialist.
Early years
George Joseph Ball was originally trained as a barrister.
MI5
As Major Joseph Ball, he was recruited into MI5 in 1915, shortly after the outbreak of World War I. He served in key operational roles with MI5 until 1927, and was believed to have played a significant role in the creation of the forged Zinoviev Letter in 1924, an episode which quickly led to the defeat of the British Labour Party government headed by Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald.
Conservative Party administrator
Ball was a 'fervent political supporter' of the Conservative Party. From his work with MI5, Ball came to the attention of British Conservative Party leadership, and was hired out of MI5 in 1927 to run the Propaganda Department at Conservative Party Central Office. In 1930, he moved to head the Conservative Research Department, staying in that role until 1939, when World War II began. Among the young people associated with him during the 1930s were numbered Guy Burgess and Graham Russell Mitchell. Ball's group infiltrated the British Labour Party.
Political operator
During the 1930s, and into the early years of World War II, he developed and coordinated many links among Britons who supported Nazi Germany, and arranged back channels to key leadership figures in the Third Reich, as well as with Fascist Italy. He also was involved with illegal and secret funding operations, including those of Honours trafficker Maundy Gregory; money from this operation helped fund Chamberlain's appeasement policy; among wealthy figures apparently involved were Canadian / Bahamian gold mining magnate Sir Harry Oakes.
World War II
With the outbreak of World War II, he was then hired into the Ministry of Information, being placed in charge of films, but was quickly ousted from that position through film industry pressure.
For several years a strong backer and close associate of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, who came to power in 1937 following the resignation of Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin, Ball had worked from the mid-1930s to secretly undermine anti-Nazi Conservatives, including Winston Churchill, as well as figures in the Liberal and Labour Parties who opposed far-right totalitarian regimes in Europe. Ball was placed by Chamberlain as Deputy of the Security Executive, a very powerful position which put him above MI5 and MI6, just as Chamberlain resigned as prime minister in May, 1940, being replaced as prime minister by Churchill. Ball suffered badly from Chamberlain's fall and death later in 1940; he wound up serving in that Security Executive position for two years, until 1942.
From the mid-1930s into the early 1940s, Ball played a key role in secret direction and control of the weekly newspaper Truth, a pro-fascist publication. This paper attacked Leslie Hore Belisha, the only Jewish cabinet minister, forcing his resignation in 1940.
Later years, legacy
Ball later joined the South African and Rhodesian gold mining group Lonrho, which had been founded in 1909. He assumed a leadership role, and brought in Tiny Rowland in 1961, shortly before his own death, to run that company. Some of the firm's executives eventually became part of present-day Rio Tinto Group, now one of the world's largest mining companies.
Ball was a skilled and noted fly fisherman, who engaged in debate over optimal fishing techniques.
Although Ball made strong efforts to destroy the papers at Conservative Central Office outlining his own role there, as well as his personal papers, some papers have survived, and have been housed at the Bodleian Library at Oxford University since August 2000. Since 1990, historians and writers have steadily increased the amount of published material available on Ball's life and career.
The character "Joseph Balcombe", from the 2009 film Glorious 39, by Stephen Poliakoff, is based closely upon Ball; the role was played by actor Jeremy Northam.
References
Further reading
MI5 personnel
1885 births
1961 deaths
English barristers
British Army personnel of World War I
World War I spies for the United Kingdom
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century English lawyers
The plain-colored tanager (Tangara inornata) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
Further reading
plain-colored tanager
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
plain-colored tanager
plain-colored tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Past and Present ( Passado e o Presente) is a 1972 Portuguese film directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
Cast
Maria de Saisset as Vanda, a widow
Manuela de Freitas as Noémia
Bárbara Vieira as Angélica
Alberto Inácio as Ricardo
Pedro Pinheiro as Firmino
António Machado as Maurício
Duarte de Almeida as Honório
José Martinho as Fernando
Alberto Branco as Doctor
Guilhermina Pereira as Housemaid
References
External links
1970s romantic drama films
1972 films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films set in Portugal
Portuguese romantic drama films
Michel de Grammont (c. 1645 – 1686?) was a French privateer. He was born in Paris, Kingdom of France and was lost at sea in the north-east Caribbean, April 1686. His privateer career lasted from around 1670 to 1686 during which he commanded the flagship Hardi. He primarily attacked Spanish holdings in Maracaibo, Gibraltar, Trujillo, La Guaira, Puerto Cabello, Cumana and Veracruz.
Biography
Chevalier de Grammont was a nobleman who came into disfavour after killing his sister's suitor in a duel. Forced to leave France, he went to Hispaniola where he was given a French ship and served as a privateer. His first success was the capture of a Dutch convoy, valued at about 400,000 livres (US$4 million). On his next voyage he ran on a reef and sank. Grammont moved to Tortuga where he bought and outfitted a new ship which he used to attack Spanish shipping. When the Franco-Dutch War broke out between France and the Dutch Republic in 1678, he joined a fleet under the command of Comte d'Estrées for an abortive raid on the Dutch island of Curaçao; however, the entire fleet of 17 vessels was wrecked on the Las Aves Archipelago.
In June 1678 he was made commander of the six ships and 700 men salvaged from the Las Aves Disaster. De Grammont landed his men in Spanish-held Venezuela and captured Maracaibo, as well as several smaller towns including Gibraltar, penetrating as far inland as Trujillo. For the next six months the pirates plundered the entire region.
On February 22, 1679, he decided to make an incursion on the inland settlement of Puerto Principe, now Camaguey city, in Cuba. At dawn on the next day, Grammont was a few leagues from the town, as he led his 600 men, they were spotted in the early morning mist by Prebyster Francisco Garcerán, who was at that time on the road, immediately he turned around and at full gallop returned to town, he went to the main church and rung the bells to alert everyone of the approaching danger, the inhabitants took all their valuables away, so Grammont and his men were not able to get much plunder, and to make matters worse, on the way back to the ships on the coast, his forces were ambushed and they had to fight their way out, suffering heavy casualties, but managed to get away with the rest of his men and sailed away.
In May 1680, de Grammont joined forces with Thomas Paine and William Wright at Blanquilla Island. Their target was La Guaria, the port of Caracas. Of his 180 followers only forty-seven took part in the actual seizure of the town, which was amply protected by two forts and by cannon upon the walls. On the following day, however, he received word that 2000 men were approaching from Caracas, and as the enemy were also rallying in force in the vicinity of the town he was compelled to retire to the ships. This movement was executed with difficulty, and for two hours de Grammont with a handful of his bravest companions covered the embarkation from the assaults of the Spaniards. Although he himself was dangerously wounded in the throat, he lost only eight or nine men in the whole action. He carried away with him the Governor of La Guayra and many other prisoners, but the booty was small. De Grammont retired to the Isle d'Aves to nurse his wound, and after a long convalescence returned to Petit Goave.
Following his recovery, de Grammont commanded eight ships but had no success until 1682 when, at the request of the governor of Petit-Goâve (actual Haiti), he joined Nicholas van Hoorn to harass Spanish shipping. During this period they attacked ships which unknown to them belonged to the Dutch pirate Laurens de Graaf. On meeting de Graaf on Bonaco Island they asked him to join them. De Graaf initially refused but later agreed.
On May 17, 1683, de Grammont, van Hoorn, Yankey Willems, Jacob Evertson, Jean Tristan, de Graaf, and several others sacked Veracruz in Mexico, taking 4,000 prisoners for ransom. Using two captured Spanish galleons in the vanguard, Yankey Willems and Laurens de Graaf were able to sneak into the Spanish harbor during the early morning hours and landed a small force on shore. The buccaneers caught the garrison off guard, many of the soldiers still sleeping, and took out the city's defenses allowing the rest of the fleet to enter the harbor. After three or four days, Willems and the others looted the town before retreating at the sight of the New Spain fleet. Later Grammont raided Spanish Florida settlements, including St.Augustine and the Mocama mission province, forcing further southward migrations.
In July 1685, de Grammont and de Graaf sacked the Mexican city of Campeche: however, after two months of plundering the city with little result, de Grammont sent a demand for ransom to the governor, who refused. De Grammont then commenced to execute prisoners as retaliation, but de Graaf stopped the executions and de Grammont parted company from his allies.
De Grammont was last seen in April 1686 heading northeast to sail off of St. Augustine, Florida, planning a raid alongside French buccaneer Nicolas Brigaut. Spanish soldiers captured and executed Brigaut when his ship was grounded near Matanzas Inlet as Brigaut waited for Grammont to rescue him and his sailors. The rescue never came: Grammont's ship was caught in the same storm that wrecked Brigaut's vessel and was lost with all hands.
See also
List of people who disappeared mysteriously at sea
References
Books
Pickering, David (2006) Pirates. CollinsGem. HarperCollins Publishers, New York, NY. pp-59.
1640s births
1686 deaths
17th-century French people
Death in Florida
Military personnel from Paris
Missing person cases in Florida
French nobility
French military personnel of the Franco-Dutch War
French privateers
People lost at sea
French duellists
Comarna is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Comarna, Curagău, Osoi and Stânca.
Natives
Radu Stroe
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Halcyon (Best of) is a compilation album by the British electronica duo Orbital featuring a selection of singles from their career together, it was released in 2005.
The album
Though the group's "official" greatest hits album Work 1989-2002 had been released three years earlier, in 2005 the band's parent label Warner decided to release a Platinum series of "Best of" albums. Some Warner artist albums were dropped to permanent low prices but most had an album specifically created for this series. The album was specifically created for and released in the North American market; Orbital's official website Loopz even goes so far as to dub the album "USA Best of".
Some retailers also list the album as Halcyon: The Platinum Collection.
Track listing
The Moebius - 7:04
Chime - 3:14
Belfast - 8:08
Halcyon - 3:54
Nothing Left - 3:43
Frenetic - 4:07
Fahrenheit 303 - 8:27
The Box, Pt. 2 - 6:00
Philosophy by Numbers - 6:41
Oi - 5:06
Doctor? - 5:32
References
External links
Orbital (band) compilation albums
2005 greatest hits albums
Jo Mi-ryung or Jo Mi-ryeong is a Korean name and may also refer to:
Jo Mi-ryeong (actress, born 1929), South Korean actress
Jo Mi-ryung (actress, born 1973), South Korean actress
Manče () is a village in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Church
A small church built above the village in the 1990s was dedicated to Saint Martin in 2000 and is privately owned.
Notable people
Notable people that were born or lived in Manče include:
Marko Natlačen (1886–1942), politician
References
External links
Manče at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Amore is the first and only album by Alessandra Mussolini. The album was released by the Alfa Records in 1982 in Japan only and was produced by Miki Curtis. On the album, Mussolini sang songs in Italian, English and Japanese. In 1982, Mussolini and her mother paid a visit to Japan. When asked if her daughter can sing for an advertisement, Mussolini's mother gave a positive answer, even though Mussolini had never sung before. Mussolini recalled that, "When I sang in Japan, Cristiano Malgioglio (author of some of her songs on the album) saved me". The album was broadcast in Italy for the first time in a program of Canale 5 in 1996.
In 2000, an album was sold in London for 10 million Lire. In 2021, during an interview with Canale 5, Mussolini performed the song "Tokyo Fantasy" from the album in Japanese.
Track listing
Side 1:
"Tokio Fantasy" - 3:42
"Carta Vincente" - 3:53
"Amai Kiouku" (甘い記憶) - 4:50
"Insieme Insieme" - 4:00
Side 2:
"Love Is Love" - 4:01
"E Stasera Mi Manchi" - 3:34
"Tears" - 3:54
"L'Ultima Notte d'Amore" - 3:19
References
External links
Amore at Discogs
Posters within the Album
Valentine's Day Special: Alessandra Mussolini's Amore
1982 albums
Italian-language albums
Japanese-language albums
Rockdale County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 85,215. The county seat is Conyers.
Rockdale County is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Rockdale County was created on October 18, 1870 and received its name from Rockdale Baptist Church (est. 1846), which was named after the granite strata that rests under the county's red clay top soil. A bill introduced by John F. Hardin and John Harris carved Rockdale out of the northern portion of Newton County; parts of Rockdale County also came from neighboring Henry, Walton, Gwinnett, and DeKalb counties. Conyers, Rockdale's only incorporated town and urban center, became the county seat.
Prior to Rockdale becoming a county, the land had been inhabited by the Creek and Cherokee; the boundary between the two native nations, the Hightower Trail, ran directly through area. Burial remains have been discovered in the Honey Creek and Hi-Roc areas. Whites began migrating to the area in the early 19th century and initial white settlers suffered from Indian raids. Early white settlements developed along Big Haynes Creek in the northern part of the county, the Yellow River in the middle portion of the county, and Honey Creek in the south.
Communities formed around grist mills and newly formed churches such as Haralson Mill, Costleys Mill, Dial Mill, Zacharys Mill, McElroys Mill, Union Grove Baptist Church, Ebenezer Methodist Church, Philadelphia Methodist Church, Salem Baptist Church, Smyrna Presbyterian Church, Pleasant Hill Baptist Church, Bethel Christian Church, Honey Creek Baptist Church, and Whites Chapel Methodist Church. Other communities included Magnet and Zingara. These settlers were largely subsistence farmers.
During the American Civil War, General William Tecumseh Sherman marched the Union Army north of Conyers on his way to Covington from Lithonia. Seizure and destruction of property accompanied his army's march through the area. Many of the residents of Conyers, fearing Sherman would raze the city, fled to nearby Social Circle in Walton County, since Conyers was an important stop on the Georgia Railroad, but Conyers remained unscathed by the war.
The city is a fine example of residential and commercial architecture of the 19th century. According to a historical marker on U.S. Highway 278 west of Conyers, Major General Joseph Wheeler of the Confederate States Army and part of his staff were captured by Union troops pursuing Jefferson Davis on May 9, 1865. Wheeler was later released in Athens only to be recaptured again. He was wounded three times and had his horse shot out from under him sixteen times.
During Reconstruction, Conyers and Rockdale County experienced tremendous growth. According to the local newspaper, The Weekly Farmer, the population of Conyers increased from 300 to 2,000. The number of stores, businesses, schools, and churches of the county rapidly multiplied as well. Parts of the county were infamous for moonshining and the county became dry in 1882, prohibiting the sale and manufacture of liquor except by a licensed pharmacist as prescribed by a physician. The economy of the county was still based primarily on agriculture into the early 20th century. The PBS documentary The Lost Children of Rockdale County is about a syphilis outbreak which occurred in the county during the 1990s.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.7%) is water. It is the second-smallest county in Georgia by area, ahead of Clarke County.
The entirety of Rockdale County is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Adjacent counties
Gwinnett County – north
Walton County – northeast
Newton County – east
Henry County – southwest
DeKalb County – west
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 278
State Route 12
State Route 20
State Route 138
State Route 162
State Route 212
State Route 402 (unsigned designation for I-20)
The county features an interchange of I-20 and SR 20. In order to ease potential motorist confusion, the concurrency of SR 20 & 138 is usually called just "138".
Pedestrians and cycling
Arabia Mountain Path
Conyers Trail
Deer Run Trial
Rockdale River Trail
S River Trail
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 93,570 people, 32,792 households, and 23,533 families residing in the county.
2010 census
According to the 2010 U.S Census, the racial makeup of the county was 40.9% White, 45.8% Black, 0.2% American Indian, 1.8% Asian, 0.1% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, 0.3% Other race, and 1.6% from two or more races. 9.5% of the population was Hispanic or Latino.
There were 24,052 households, out of which 39.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.60% were married couples living together, 12.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.50% were non-families. 16.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.20.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.50% under the age of 18, 8.80% from 18 to 24, 30.50% from 25 to 44, 24.00% from 45 to 64, and 9.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $53,599, and the median income for a family was $60,065. Males had a median income of $41,087 versus $29,189 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,300. About 5.70% of families and 8.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.00% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Government and policing
Rockdale County Sheriff
The Sheriff's Office provides police patrol to the county areas other than in Conyers which has a municipal police department. The Sheriff also protects the court, maintains the county prison, and provides administration services.
Politics
The county has undergone a massive shift towards the Democratic Party in recent decades (due to growth of the African-American population), having shifted 36.2 points since 2000 as of 2020.
Notable people
Jill Arrington, ESPN college football reporter
Billy Buckner, former Major League Baseball player
Cartel's Will Pugh, Joseph Pepper, Jeff Lett, Nic Hudson, & Kevin Sanders
David Elder, former Major League Baseball player
Dakota Fanning, actress
Elle Fanning, actress
Holly Hunter, actress
John Mark Karr, JonBenét Ramsey's falsely claimed murderer
Clint Mathis, World Cup soccer player
Jack McBrayer, actor
Kevin Ware, current college basketball player
E.R. Shipp - Pulitzer Prize recipient
Attractions
Georgia International Horse Park
Black Shoals Lake and Covered Bridge
Old Towne Conyers Historic District
Monastery of the Holy Spirit
Salem Campground
Smyrna Campground
Milstead Historic Mill Village
Panola Mountain State Park
Rockdale Baptist Church
Georgia Revolution FC
Communities
Conyers
Lakeview Estates
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rockdale County, Georgia
Sources
Margaret G. Barksdale, E. L. Cowan, Francis A. King, eds. A History of Rockdale County (Conyers, Ga., 1978).
The Heritage of Rockdale County, Georgia (Waynesville, N.C., 1998).
References
External links
Rockdale County Historic Maps
Rockdale County Courthouse
The Rockdale Citizen
The Rockdale News
Conyers-Rockdale Chamber of Commerce
Conyers Convention and Visitor's Bureau
The Lost Children of Rockdale County
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Rockdale
1870 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1870
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Enrico Rebuschini (25 April 1860 – 10 May 1938) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and professed member from the Camillians. Rebuschini was marked since his childhood as one who had an innate desire to tend to the poor and marginalized and felt the need to hand out his possessions to those less fortunate than himself. But his father opposed his vocation to the priesthood and directed him to studies which he threw himself into in obedience to him. But he felt dissatisfied upon working with his brother-in-law in the silk business and made a final plea to his father to become a priest. His father relented and he commenced his ecclesial studies though in his life afterwards experienced several profound episodes of nervous depression that caused him to grow ill each time.
Rebuschini died in the odor of holiness and had been renowned after his death as a saint which had led to calls for the launch of a beatification process. The cause did indeed open sometime later and culminated in 1997 with his beatification.
Early life
Enrico Rebuschini was born on 25 April 1860 in Gravedona in Como as the second of five children to Domenico Rebuschini and Sophia Polti. His father was a head tax inspector for the Como province and did not favor religion. He often accompanied his wife to the church but remained outside each time. His mother and maternal aunt were active in parish activities. Rebuschini was baptized on 1 May as "Enrico Pietro Battista".
From his childhood he had the inclination to do whatever he could for the poor and vulnerable; his call to the priesthood came in his childhood but was something that his father was opposed to. He began his studies at the college in Pavia in mathematics but left soon after due to the anti-clerical environment. He enlisted in the armed forces but later left it to complete his diploma in accounting. In Milan he studied for the armed forces and his superiors held him in such high regard that he was encouraged to pursue a career in that field; he had emerged from training as a reserve second lieutenant. But he opted to pursue accounting and so graduated as such in 1882 after having obtained his diploma with honors. Rebuschini worked at his brother-in-law's (his sister Dorina's husband) silk warehouse for sometime (1882–84) though later left upon realizing that his path was the ecclesial one.
Priesthood
In summer 1884 he had long discussions with his father with Luigi Guanella mediating in which his father at last relented and allowed him to enter the priesthood.
He then set himself on his ecclesial studies and was later sent to the Pontifical Gregorian in Rome to pursue ecclesiastical studies in 1884. In late 1885 his parents and aunt Magdalena came to Rome for a visit and saw him peace and calm. His aunt noted: "Enrico is content and at peace". But in March 1886 he was so overcome with nervous depression and became ill to the point that he had to return home in order to recover. But once he recovered in May 1887 (after spending a brief stint in a clinic) he resumed his studies and set on embarking on a life of rigorous asceticism after reexamining his call to the priesthood.
Rebuschini later entered the Camillians on 27 September 1887 and commenced his period of the novitiate in Verona prior to receiving his ordination as a priest on 14 April 1889 from the Bishop of Mantua Giuseppe Melchiorre Sarto – the future Pope Pius X. He made his perpetual profession on 8 December 1891. From 1889 to 1899 he ministered to the sick in Verona and worked there as a hospital chaplain from 1891 to 1899 before serving in the same position though in Cremona from 1899 onwards. From 21 December 1903 until his death he ministered in a clinic and nursing home. From 1890 to 1891 he suffered another bout of depression and again in 1895 after being appointed as a professor and vice-novice master. From 1903 until 1937 he served as the administrator for the new San Camillo Clinic and for a decade from 12 March 1912 to 1922 served as the superior of his house. He suffered his final depression for a few months in 1922.
Death
Rebuschini died at 5:30am 10 May 1938 due to pneumonia after having celebrated Mass for an ill person on 23 April. He had come home feeling unwell and was confined to bed with a severe cold on 25 April that became pneumonia. On 8 May he asked for the Anointing of the Sick. On 9 May the priest Vanti celebrated Mass in his room and it was the last time that Rebuschini would receive the Eucharist. His funeral and burial were held on 12 May.
Beatification
The beatification process opened in the Cremona diocese on 3 October 1947 in an informative process of investigation that concluded a decade later on 28 July 1958; theologians approved his spiritual writings on 23 January 1963 as having adhered to traditional doctrine rather than in contravention of it. The formal introduction of the cause did not come until 15 March 1980 while an apostolic process of investigation was later held from 1 January 1981 until its closure later on 28 July 1983. The Congregation for the Causes of Saints validated these two processes on 12 June 1987 before receiving the Positio for evaluation in 1990. Theologians approved the cause on 14 February 1995 as did the C.C.S. later that 4 July. Pope John Paul II declared Rebuschini to be Venerable on 11 July 1995 after having confirmed that the late priest had lived a model life of heroic virtue.
The miracle needed for his beatification was investigated in the diocese it originated in before the C.C.S. validated that diocesan process on 4 March 1994. Medical experts confirmed its miraculous nature on 6 July 1995 as did theologians on 19 January 1996 and the C.C.S. members later that 2 April. On 25 June the pope also confirmed it and announced Rebuschini's beatification. The pope beatified Rebuschini in Saint Peter's Square on 4 May 1997.
The current postulator for this cause is the Camillian priest Luigi Secchi.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Camillians
Address of His Holiness Pope John Paul II to pilgrims in Rome for the Beatification of five Servants of God
1860 births
1938 deaths
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
19th-century venerated Christians
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
20th-century venerated Christians
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Camillians
Deaths from pneumonia in Lombardy
Italian beatified people
People from the Province of Como
Venerated Catholics by Pope John Paul II
Peter Elkmann (born 16 September 1981 in North Rhine-Westphalia, Steinfurt) is a German racing driver. He has competed in such series as the Formula Three Euroseries and the German Formula Three Championship.
Performer by Elkmann
Peter Elkmann launched his own racing car in 2015, the Performer 1000. The car is a more powerful version of a superkart. The car weighing in at 290 kg is powered by a 1000cc Suzuki GSX-R1000 engine. The car is allowed to race in the Seven Mania Racing Club and Carbonia Cup.
Racing record
Complete Formula 3 Euro Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Career statistics from Driver Database
1981 births
Living people
People from Steinfurt
Sportspeople from Münster (region)
German racing drivers
German Formula Three Championship drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
Racing drivers from North Rhine-Westphalia
German racecar constructors
Karting World Championship drivers
Jo Zeller Racing drivers
RC Motorsport drivers
Yukhnov () is a town and the administrative center of Yukhnovsky District in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the Kunava River (Oka's basin) northwest of Kaluga, the administrative center of the oblast. Population:
History
It has been known since 1410. The "Town" status was granted to it in the year 1777.During the Second World War the town was occupied by the Germans from October 5, 1941 to March 5, 1942.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Yukhnov serves as the administrative center of Yukhnovsky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Yukhnov is incorporated within Yukhnovsky Municipal District as Yukhnov Urban Settlement.
References
Notes
Sources
Cities and towns in Kaluga Oblast
Yukhnovsky Uyezd
Harry Dutfield (December 1879 – 6 June 1918) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back in the Southern Football League for Brentford.
Personal life
Dutfield worked as a leather dresser and married Louisa Brown in 1899. In May 1917, two-and-a-half-years after the outbreak of the First World War, he enlisted in the 4th (Reserve) Battalion of the Leicestershire Regiment (later the Royal Leicestershire Regiment) in Leicester, being posted to France in October. Private Dutfield was killed in action at Poperinge on 6 June 1918 while serving with his regiment's 1st Battalion and was buried in Nine Elms British Cemetery, west of Poperinge. His eldest son, Private George Henry Dutfield of the King's Own Royal Regiment (Lancaster), was killed in April 1918.
Career statistics
References
1879 births
Date of birth missing
1918 deaths
Footballers from Birmingham, West Midlands
Association football fullbacks
English footballers
Southern Football League players
Brentford F.C. players
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Leicestershire Regiment soldiers
British military personnel killed in World War I
Military personnel from Birmingham, West Midlands
Mahmood Merza Mahdi Ahmed Al Ajmi (born 8 May 1987) is a Bahraini professional football player who last played for Al-Safa. He also represented the Bahrain national team from 2007 to 2013.
Club career
Al-Shabab
Al-Ajmi began his professional club career with Al-Shabab Manama in 2006 and appeared in 44 league matches, scoring 11 goals until his move to Bahrain Riffa in 2009.
Al-Riffa
In 2010, he signed with Al-Riffa and scored 22 goals in 33 leagues matches till 2011. He was also in Riffa's Bahraini King's Cup winning squad in 2010. With Riffa, he played in the 2010 AFC Cup continental tournament where Riffa emerged as semi-finalist.
KF Tirana
He was presented to the media on 12 July 2011 along with the other new signings by the club president Refik Halili, where KF Tirana's new kit was unveiled with Al Ajmi chosen to wear the number 10 shirt.
With Tirana between 2011 and 2012, he lifted tournaments like 2010–11 Albanian Cup and 2011 Albanian Supercup.
Manama Club
After his stint with Tirana in Albania, he returned to Bahraini Premier League with Manama and appeared in 55 league and cup matches, scoring 12 goals.
Hidd SCC
In the 2012–2013 season, he appeared with Hidd SCC in 22 matches in the Premier League before his second stint with Al-Shabab.
Al Safa
In 2014, he moved to Saudi Arabia and joined Saudi Second Division side Al Safa FC.
Back to Manama
Al-Ajmi came back with his previous side Manama Club in 2015. It was his one of the most successful stints in his club career, appearing in 88 league matches and scoring 29 goals. With Manama, he won the prestigious 2016–17 Bahraini King's Cup and 2017 Bahraini Super Cup.
He also represented the club in the 2018 AFC Cup, but Manama didn't qualify for the knockout stages as they lost 5 matches in the Group-B.
Gokulam Kerala
In 2018, he moved to India and joined I-League side Gokulam Kerala FC. He scored his first goal for the Malabarians, against Mohun Bagan AC on 12 February. He appeared in 10 league matches, scoring 3 goals.
With Gokulam, He has also appeared in the Hero Super Cup in 2018.
International career
Al-Ajmi made his senior international debut on 16 October 2007 against Libya in a 2-0 win match. He scored his first goal for Bahrain against Iran in a 2014 FIFA World Cup Qualification match, which ended as 1-1.
He has also represented Bahrain in tournaments including 2010 WAFF Championship, 2012 Arab Nations Cup alongside 2015 AFC Asian Cup Qualification. He appeared in a total of 12 matches for the Bahrain and scored 3 goals between 2007 and 2013.
Pepsi Tournament
Al Ajmi's exploits include the Channel 4 2006 TV series The Pepsi Max World Challenge. In November 2005, Pepsi and T4 teamed up to find the best 2 amateur footballers in Bahrain, with AlAjmi and Mohamed Ajaj beating thousands of entries. They went on to compete against the best amateur players from 10 other countries. The series was set around the globe with a $100,000 prize for the winning team performing different football challenges involving David Beckham, Ronaldinho, Thierry Henry and Alessandro Nesta. The two Bahraini footballers got the highest points throughout the tournament to lose in the final.
Career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list Bahrain's goal tally first.
Honours
Al-Riffa
Bahraini King's Cup: 2010
KF Tirana
Albanian Cup: 2010–11
Albanian Supercup: 2011
Manama Club
Bahraini King's Cup: 2016–17
Bahraini Super Cup: 2017
See also
Bahrain international footballers
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
KF Tirana players
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in India
Kategoria Superiore players
Saudi First Division League players
Saudi Second Division players
2011 AFC Asian Cup players
Bahraini footballers
Al Safa FC players
Bahraini people of Iranian descent
Association football midfielders
Bahrain international footballers
I-League players
Moon Ki-han (; born March 17, 1989) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays as midfielder for Bucheon FC 1995.
Club career statistics
Statistics accurate as of 25 December 2016
References
External links
Moon Ki-han – National Team stats at KFA
1989 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
South Korean footballers
FC Seoul players
Ansan Mugunghwa FC players
Daegu FC players
Bucheon FC 1995 players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Sportspeople from Busan
South Korea under-20 international footballers
South Korea under-23 international footballers
Jiří Matějíček (born January 7, 1982) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He made his Czech Extraliga debut with HC Sparta Praha during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga postseason.
References
External links
1982 births
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HC Sparta Praha players
Living people
Libelle was a 650-ton iron-hulled barque, built in the Free City of Bremen in 1864. The ship was transporting quicksilver and passengers when she wrecked on the eastern reef of Wake Island in 1866.
History
Libelle was launched on September 24, 1864 and on October 8, the ship set sail for Honolulu. From Hawaii, Libelle sailed to the Chinese ports of Hong Kong and Newchwang.
Shipwreck
On the night of March 4, 1866, Libelle struck the eastern reef of Wake Island during a gale. Commanded by Captain Anton Tobias, the ship was en route from San Francisco to Hong Kong. Among its passengers were the 50-year-old English-born opera singer Madame Anna Bishop (on the first leg of a Far East tour), her second husband and New York diamond merchant Martin Schultz, pianist and vocalist Charles Lascelles, Eugene Van Reed who was the first Consul General of the then independent Kingdom of Hawaii to the Court of the Emperor of Japan, and Imperial Japanese military officer Yabe Kisaboro. After a night on board the vessel now stuck on the reef, the passengers and crew reached the shore with very limited supplies such as some bedding, a barrel of beef, several bags of flour and some kegs of wine. After three days of searching and digging on the island for water the crew was able to recover a 200-gallon water tank from the wrecked ship. Valuable cargo was also recovered and buried on the island including some of the 1,000 flasks of mercury (quicksilver), as well as coins and precious stones valued at $93,943.08. After three weeks with a dwindling water supply and no sign of rescue, the passengers and crew decided to leave Wake and attempt to sail to Guam (the center of the then Spanish colony of the Mariana Islands) on the two remaining boats from Libelle. The 22 passengers and some of the crew sailed in the 22 foot longboat under the command of the first mate Rudolf Kausch and the remainder of the crew sailed with Captain Tobias in the 20 foot gig. On April 8, 1866, after thirteen days of frequent squalls, short rations, and tropical sun, the longboat reached Guam. The gig, commanded by the captain, was lost at sea.
Treasure and cargo salvage
The Spanish Governor of the Mariana Islands, Francisco Moscoso y Lara, welcomed and provided aid to Libelle shipwreck survivors on Guam. He also ordered the schooner Ana, owned and commanded by his son-in-law George H. Johnston, to be dispatched with the first mate Kausch to search for the missing gig and then sail on to Wake Island to confirm the shipwreck story and recover the buried treasure. Ana departed Guam on April 10 and, after two days at Wake Island, found and salvaged the buried coins and precious stones as well as a small quantity of the quicksilver. Over the next two years other ships sailed to the shipwreck site to conduct salvage operations. In January 1867, the American schooner, Caroline Mills brought a diving suit, then commonly known as "submarine armour", to Libelle wreck site. Only a few flasks of quicksilver were recovered using the diving suit so Captain Nickols decided to abandon the effort. On May 9, 1867, the sloop Hokulele from Honolulu, with a party headed by Thomas R. Foster, arrived at Wake and was joined by a brig from China. The Chinese captain did not reveal his ship's name. Together the two ships recovered 495 flasks of the quicksilver with 247 flasks going to Hokulele. In October 1867, the Honolulu schooner Moi Wahine arrived at Wake and Captain English, Thomas R. Foster (who also sailed with Hokulele) and nine Hawaiian divers were landed on the island with part of their supplies. Captain Zenas Bent, first mate Mr. White and seven Hawaiian seamen remained on board the ship. In the evening on the second day, when the winds picked up and shifted, the crew of the schooner pulled anchor and put out to sea to avoid striking the reef. The next day Moi Wahine did not return having perished in a gale, stranding the salvage party on Wake. Fortunately for the party, one piece of equipment that was unloaded from the ship was an apparatus for distilling water. With plenty of potable water, fish, birds and eggs, the men were able to survive and live without serious inconvenience. After five months, the British brig Cleo arrived at Wake, rescued the castaways and recovered 240 flasks of quicksilver, some copper, anchor and chain.
References
1864 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Barques
Maritime incidents in March 1866
Shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Merchant ships of the Hanseatic League
The Estadio Olímpico General José Antonio Anzoátegui before called Estadio Luis Ramos, is a stadium located in the Venezuelan city of Puerto la Cruz, in the state of Anzoátegui. It was opened on December 8, 1965 by the former president of Venezuela, Raúl Leoni.
Overview
The old stadium that occupied the area was demolished and construction for a new stadium started from scratch. A modern stadium was needed to be a venue for the Copa America 2007 soccer tournament. The stadium has a spectator capacity of 37,485 with multiple levels, a closed circuit security system, 2 police stations inside the stadium, 4 locker rooms, 4 temporal offices, an office for the Venezuelan Federation of football and another one for FIFA, an anti-doping room, 2 changing rooms for athletes, a gym, an auditorium for 200 people, 8 food shops, a central control station, a nursery, a roof for the locations of television cameras, restaurant and a VIP Bar, 4 elevators and 24 transmission cabins.
In July 2006, the Legislative branch of Anzoátegui approved 25 hundred million bolivares to speed up the works of the stadium in which have been invested 100 million bolivares.
After the Copa América 2007 finished, the stadium started works on the final touches of the stadium. In March 2008, the roof was finally finished.
Copa América 2007
The stadium was one of the venues for the Copa America 2007.
The following tournament games were played at the stadium:
Concerts
The following is an incomplete list of known foreign artists who have given concerts in the stadium:
References
External links
Football venues in Venezuela
Copa América stadiums
Sport in Puerto la Cruz
Buildings and structures in Anzoátegui
Buildings and structures in Barcelona, Venezuela
Sports venues completed in 1965
1965 establishments in Venezuela
Athletics (track and field) venues in Venezuela
A sudarium (Latin) was a "sweat cloth", used for wiping the face clean. Small cloths of various sorts, for which sudarium is a general term, played a role in Ancient Roman formal manners and court ceremonial, and many such uses transferred to Christian liturgical usage and art. In Jewish usage, it is the cloth-like habit worn by Jewish men after wedding, wrapped around the head, and usually worn with a central hat.
Sudarium often refers to two relics of the Passion of Jesus, the Sudarium of Oviedo and the Veil of Veronica. Another sudarium is found in Altmünster, Germany, and was supposedly given to Saint Bilihildis; it is locally venerated since the 15th century.
In the Roman Catholic and other Western churches, the term sudarium has been used for several ornamental textile objects:
The sudarium or maniple (manipulus, also mappula, mantile, fano, manuale, sestace, Greek epigonation, earlier encheirion), a cloth of fine quality to wipe away perspiration, or an ornamental handkerchief which was seldom put into actual use, but was generally carried in the hand as an ornament as was commonly done by people of rank in ordinary life, now formalized as a vestment, in liturgical use from the 12th century reserved for the bishop; the subcinctorium is a related ornamental vestment reserved for the pope.
The predecessor of the humeral veil
The predecessor of the vimpa, a veil or shawl worn over the shoulders of servers who carry the mitre and crosier in liturgical functions when they are not being used by the bishop
The cloth suspended from the crozier at the place where the bishop would grasp it, still depicted in ecclesiastical heraldry and used by Cistercian abbots. Also called pannisellus
The veil used by the subdeacon to hold the paten; a pall(a) or mappula, the forerunner of the chalice veil, the ends of which he threw over his right shoulder
The term Sudra (סודרא) for a headdress (habit) in Judaism is a loan from the Latin term.
References
Sudarium articles from The Catholic Encyclopaedia
Latin words and phrases
Christian religious objects
Jaseel P. Ismail (born 16 September 1972) is a former badminton player from Kozhikode city of Kerala, India. He, arguably, is one of India's finest ever doubles players.
Career
During his long career, Jaseel won five doubles titles at Indian National Badminton Championships, partnering George Thomas, Vijaydeep Singh, and Vincent Lobo. He also won two National mixed-doubles titles with Manjusha Kanwar as partner. Jaseel, partnering V. Diju, won the doubles title at Indian Asian Satellite 2004 held at Hyderabad. In the final the pair beat Rupesh Kumar and Sanave Thomas 15-9, 15-1. In the same year, Jaseel and Diju pair also reached the semifinals at Cheers Asian Satellite, Singapore. They upset second seeds Kovit Phisetsarasai and Nitipong Saengsila of Thailand in the men's doubles quarterfinals with a score of 15-7, 15-8. In the semifinal they went down to third-seeded Lin Woon Fui and Mohd Fairuzizuan Mohd Tazari of Malaysia.
Achievements
South Asian Games
IBF International
References
External links
BWF Player Profile
1972 births
Living people
Indian Muslims
Indian male badminton players
Indian national badminton champions
Malayali people
Commonwealth Games medallists in badminton
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Badminton players at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Racket sportspeople from Kozhikode
The Mamilovs (Russian Мамилов(ы); ING. – Mamil-nakan – Ingush teip) are an Ingush clan. The clan comprises about 1,500 people. It is one of a few Ingush clans whose members share one name.
They come from the village of Erzi Dzheyrakhsky District Ingushetia, which has been, since 2000, a part of the State Nature Reserve "Erzi".
At this time, they live mostly in Malgobeksky District and Dzheyrakhsky District of Ingushetia.
Ingush local historian and ethnographer Chakh Akhriev describes the origins:
Kist – the son of a famous Syrian the owner of the house Kamen (Comnenus), during the first Crusades moved from Syria and Abkhazia, and hence, after a while, went to the Georgia. But Georgia was at that time in the sad state of constant attacks Arabs and Turkish, so that Kist was forced to run away from here into impregnable Caucasus Mountains and lived in one of the gorges North Caucasus, near the headwaters of Terek and ... His son Chard (according to some – Cha) was also the son Chard. The latter was built in Arzi (Erzi) 16 "siege" towers and castles that exist at the present time. After Chard followed by his direct descendants: Oedipus, Elbiaz and the sons of the last Manuel (Mamil) and And (Yand). After the death of Manuel (Mamil) his son Daurbek quarreled with his uncle And, left Kist society and moved to a nearby, Dzherahovskoe society.
The clan has a relationship with Yandiev and Dakhkilgov clans.
The Mamilovs belonged to the 19th-century tower complex Erzi bronze figure of an eagle, made at the end of the 8th century to the Arab Caliphate, known as the "Suleymans Eagle" and is considered one of the symbols of Ingushetia.
External links
"About Kist society" Article in Ingush newspaper "Ingushetia"
"Ethnic composition of the North Caucasus in the 18th – beginning of the 20th century" (published by "Science")
Ingush people
Nicolaisen or Nikolaisen is a surname. The following individuals have the surname:
Donald Nicolaisen, American politician
Elvira Nikolaisen (born 1980), Norwegian singer/songwriter
Emil Nikolaisen (born 1977), Norwegian musician and producer
Kaia Wøien Nicolaisen (born in 1990), Norwegian biathlete
Petra Nicolaisen (born 1965), German politician
Rasmus Nicolaisen (born 1997), Danish footballer
W. F. H. Nicolaisen (1927–2016) German folklorist, linguist, medievalist, and scholar
See also
Nicolaysen, surname
is a train station in Fuchū, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1938
The Technical University of Angola ( also called UTANGA) is a higher education university in Luanda, Angola. It was founded in 2007.
External links
Official website
Universities in Angola
Schools in Luanda
Educational institutions established in 2007
2007 establishments in Angola
Calculating God is a 2000 science fiction novel by Robert J. Sawyer. It takes place in the present day and describes the arrival on Earth of sentient aliens. The bulk of the novel covers the many discussions and arguments on this topic, as well as about the nature of belief, religion, and science. Several planetary civilizations illustrate the logical conclusion of the Fermi paradox.
Calculating God received nominations for both the Hugo and John W. Campbell Memorial Awards in 2001.
Plot summary
Thomas Jericho, a paleontologist working at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto, makes the first human-to-alien contact when a Forhilnor, a spider-like alien from the third planet of the Beta Hydri system arrives on Earth to investigate Earth's evolutionary history. The alien, Hollus, has come to Earth to gain access to the museum's large collection of fossils, and to study accumulated human knowledge in order to gather evidence of the existence of God. It seems that Earth and Hollus' home planet, and the home planet of another alien species traveling with Hollus, all experienced the same five cataclysmic events at roughly the same time. Hollus believes that the universe was created by a god, to provide a place where life could develop and evolve. Thomas Jericho is an atheist who provides a balance to the philosophical discussion regarding the existence of gods.
At the end, the star Betelgeuse goes supernova, threatening all life within hundreds of light-years with radiation. One of several dead civilizations discovered by the explorers may have deliberately induced the supernova in order to sterilize the stellar neighborhood. This was presumably done in order to protect the virtual reality machinery which now housed all of their personalities. According to a theory of Thomas's, several worlds exist where the inhabitants uploaded themselves into machines instead of exploring the nature of the universe and gods.
Although the supernova explosion occurred over 400 years before the events of the novel, the radiation is first reaching Earth at the present time due to its distance from Earth. However, the alien ship's advanced telescope in orbit then sees a large black entity emerge from space itself and cover the exploding star. This is final proof that a controlling intelligence is guiding and preserving some life-forms in the universe.
In the final chapter, the scientist, who is dying of cancer, travels to the entity on the alien ship, where a fusion of genetic materials from human and alien sources produces a new life form that the aliens conjecture will create the next cycles of the universe.
Notes
References
Cassada, Jackie. "Calculating God (Book review)." Library Journal 125.7 (15 Apr. 2000): 126.
Flynn, Tom. "SCIENCE FICTION GOES ANTHROPIC." Free Inquiry 22.1 (Winter2001/2002 2001): 62.
"forecasts: Fiction." Publishers Weekly 247.12 (20 Mar. 2000): 75.
Johnson, Roberta. "Adult Books: FICTION." Booklist 96.16 (15 Apr. 2000): 1534.
Seidman, Barry F. "Using Science Fiction to Promote Creationism." Skeptical Inquirer 26.2 (Mar. 2002): 53–54.
See also
Fermi paradox
External links
Calculating God on sfwriter.com
Calculating God at Worlds Without End
2000 science fiction novels
Fiction set around Beta Hydri
Fiction set around Betelgeuse
Novels by Robert J. Sawyer
Novels set in Toronto
Religion in science fiction
Fiction about supernovae
Tor Books books
Humphrey Iddoh Mwanza (22 April 1949 – 3 July 2015) was a Zambian politician. He was a member of the National Assembly for the Solwezi West constituency for the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy since the 2006 elections. He was re-elected in the 2011 elections.
Mwanza died at age 66 after an operation to remove a stomach tumor in the University Teaching Hospital in Lusaka on 3 July 2015. Teddy Kasonso of the United Party for National Development was elected as Mwanza's successor in September 2015.
References
1949 births
2015 deaths
Members of the National Assembly of Zambia
Movement for Multi-Party Democracy politicians
Trichoscypha acuminata, commonly called amvout, is a species of plant in the family Anacardiaceae. It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Central African Republic, Gabon, the Congos and Angola. Mature trees reach 20m in height and leaves are up to 1.5m long. Its natural habitat is rain forest. Fruits are dark red and edible.
References
acuminata
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Adolf Engler
Flora of Africa
Fruits originating in Africa
Tropical fruit
Edison Fonseca (born February 25, 1984, in Cartago, Colombia) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Ayeyawady United. He has played in 14 matches for the Colombian U-20 national team, scoring six goals.
Career
Fonseca has played for Deportivo Pereira, Envigado, Atlético Nacional, Deportes Tolima, Cobresal, Cúcuta Deportivo, and Pelita Jaya in the Indonesia Super League.
Fonseca signed to play for Iranian club Mes Rafsanjan F.C. in September 2010 but barely six months later returned to Colombia, negating his contract with Mes Rafsanjan on January 28, 2011. His contract with Mes Rafsanjan was terminated due to just cause. The case has been reviewed and approved by FIFA.
In December 2011, he moved to Vietnam and signed a contract with Navibank Saigon F.C. He also included in Navibank Saigon F.C. squads for 2011-2012 Vietnamese Super Cup on December 17, 2011. He was the joint second top scorer for Navibank in the 2012 AFC Cup with 8 goals.
References
External links
Goal.com: Edison Fonseca profile
Profile at GolGolGol.net
1984 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Colombia under-20 international footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Deportivo Pereira footballers
Envigado F.C. players
Atlético Nacional footballers
Deportes Tolima footballers
Alianza F.C. footballers
Cobresal footballers
Cúcuta Deportivo footballers
Pelita Jaya FC players
Mes Rafsanjan players
Navibank Sài Gòn FC players
Yadanarbon F.C. players
Ayeyawady United F.C. players
Categoría Primera A player
Chilean Primera División players
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in El Salvador
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Iran
Expatriate footballers in Vietnam
Expatriate footballers in Myanmar
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in El Salvador
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Iran
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Vietnam
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Myanmar
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Valle del Cauca Department
DC Super Hero Girls: Legends of Atlantis is a 2018 American animated superhero film based on the DC Super Hero Girls franchise, produced by Warner Bros. Animation and distributed by Warner Bros. Home Entertainment. It is the fifth and final film in the DC Super Hero Girls franchise before it got rebooted by Lauren Faust, and it takes place in the Season 4 timeframe. It premiered at the San Diego Comic-Con International on July 22, 2018 and was released digitally and DVD on October 2, 2018.
Premise
An uneventful day at school until the powerful Book of Legends is suddenly stolen from Super Hero High. In order to uncover the mystery, Wonder Woman, Batgirl, Supergirl, Bumblebee and the rest of the Super Crew must journey through the depths of the ocean to Atlantis. There, the girls encounter Mera and Siren, the ocean-dwelling thieves, who prove to be a formidable match. In order to recover the stolen tome and return it to its rightful place, DC Super Hero Girls must band together and use their collective powers to successfully get back to land.
Cast
Yvette Nicole Brown as Principal Waller
Greg Cipes as Beast Boy
Teala Dunn as Bumblebee
Anais Fairweather as Supergirl
Nika Futterman as Hawkgirl
Grey Griffin as Wonder Woman
Julianne Grossman as Hippolyta
Tania Gunadi as Lady Shiva
Josh Keaton as Flash
Tom Kenny as Commissioner Gordon / Crazy Quilt
Misty Lee as Big Barda
Erica Lindbeck as Mera / Siren
Danica McKellar as Frost
Max Mittelman as Aquaman
Khary Payton as Cyborg
Stephanie Sheh as Katana
Tara Strong as Harley Quinn / Poison Ivy / Raven
Fred Tatasciore as Burly Man
Hynden Walch as Princess Koriand'r/Starfire
Mae Whitman as Batgirl
Release
The film was released on DVD and Digitally on October 2, 2018.
References
External links
2010s American animated films
2010s direct-to-video animated superhero films
2010s animated superhero films
2010s high school films
2018 direct-to-video films
2018 animated films
American children's animated adventure films
American children's animated comedy films
American children's animated fantasy films
American children's animated superhero films
American fantasy adventure films
DC Super Hero Girls films
Direct-to-video animated films based on DC Comics
2010s superhero comedy films
Warner Bros. Animation animated films
Warner Bros. direct-to-video animated films
American high school films
Films directed by Cecilia Aranovich
Aquaman films
2010s English-language films
The 2022 Arkansas–Pine Bluff Golden Lions football team will represent University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They will be led by head coach Doc Gamble, who will be coaching his third season with the program. The Lions will play their home games at Simmons Bank Field in Pine Bluff, Arkansas.
Schedule
Arkansas–Pine Bluff finalized their 2022 schedule on March 16, 2022.
References
Arkansas-Pine Bluff Golden Lions
Arkansas–Pine Bluff Golden Lions football seasons
Arkansas-Pine Bluff Golden Lions
Saint Giles Church is a church on the Kostelní Square in the centre of Nymburk in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The church was built probably in the 13th century, as well as the surrounding town, however, there are no preserved sources confirming its origins. The church is a three nave basilica with a long chancel and a tower in the front. There was also a second tower, but now there are only its remains.
The temple is an example of brick Gothic architecture, except of a few parts which are made from sandstone. Its thin tower reaches and together with mediaeval ramparts creates a characteristic silhouette of the town. The dean's church was initially dedicated to Saint Nicholas, during the Thirty Years' War the dedication changed to Saint Giles. The church is a cultural monument of the Czech Republic.
History
Church foundation
Due to a lack of preserved historical sources, it is hard to specify the time of its foundation. Yet historians assume, on the base of the architecture style analysis, connection between foundation of the town and the church origin. The oldest document referring about the town history is a charter of Ottokar II about foundation Nymburk's Dominican monastery at the end of the 13th century. Mendicant monastery foundation probably went hand to hand with origin of the town, a rectory and a church, that days it was the church of St. Nicholas. Therefore, church beginnings are estimated during the reign of Ottokar II and the construction during the reign of his son Wenceslaus II. Special rare technic of fair-face brickwork was probably brought here by town settlers. These settlers, professional town founders, from the north-west Flanders, were commissioned by Ottokar II.
Phases
The church was constructed in phases, therefore contain couple various styles. The oldest one is an early Gothic presbytery with a pentagonal (octagonal) apse coming from the second half of the 13th century. Into the chancel was access by a south portal, the portal had a highly profiled Gothic pointed arch. A northern sacristy was also constructed at the same time, as well as a north chapel of Virgin Mary of Vienna. In 1343 the church burned out and was reconstructed. Alongside the reconstruction were probably added basilical naves and a northern brick tower, that tower was called "red" or "old". Extension in its final phase was under the control of archbishop Jan Očko of Vlašim. At the turn of the 14th and the 15th century the church was supported by a generosity of burghers, and their gifts. At the reign of the king Charles IV was added a southern tower known as "white", made of sandstone blocks, and a rectangular shaped chapel of St. Dorothy by the southern face of the chancel. The youngest parts of the church are a southern and a northern porch, both constructed by side entrances around the year 1500.
Big impact also had the Thirty Years' War. Tough circumstances deeply influence the town, its citizens and the church too. The town was twice conquered and damaged in the 1630s by Saxony's army. That accident happened on 16 August 1634. When Saxons got occupied the town, they broke through the north gate of the church and murdered almost 200 residents (including women and children) hiding inside. Therefore, is the north entrance no longer in use and closed forever. Nowadays sad happening remains memorial placed on the wall of the church.
After the Thirty Years' War, a builder D. Augustin made a Baroque vault over the presbytery and modify the whole structure. (The tower was roofed by Baroque helmets again in the year 1985.) Leopold I financially supported reparations after the fire in 1686. The red tower was couple times struck by a lightning due to burned out and cracks. Thus had to be supported by a large loading pillar. Through the pillar was made a vaulted gate for the passage. During 1846 was demolished part of the brick tower above a crown cornice of the church. In the second half of 19th-century architect Bernard Grueber designed regotisation of the church, yet implemented was just partially by architect Matěj Červený between 1862 and 1866. Architect Josef Mocker joined the reconstruction too. The white – southern tower got a thin pyramidal roof and a gallery with a neo-Gothic balustrade. Baroque vault was hidden and replaced with a lower neo-Gothic one. Between years 1913 and 1918 architect Kamil Hilbert led a reconstruction of the church. There was also working academic painter František Fišer from Prague. Hilbert removed neo-Gothic modifications and restored the church into the original Gothic form. He made a new vault in the presbytery, removed a supporting pillar, opened windows which had been filled, restored, or might design himself, a window tracery and modify portals. His reconstruction was the last for many years, because the next works on the church took place in the year 1985. That days were restored a fresco altar in the southern nave, a damaged old Spanish tile roof was replaced with copper sheets too. Electrical wiring was repaired by parishioners themselves and than the church was painted. In the 90s the general reconstruction of the tower took place, sponsored by the town and state funds. A trampled tiled floor of the southern nave was replaced in 2003.
Around the church was a town cemetery, used until 1787 and finally cancelled in 1821. Today there is a paved square around the church.
Architecture
Floorplan
1 Octagonal apse
2 Presbytary
3 Chapel of the Virgin Mary of Vienna
4 Old sacristy
5 Southern porch of presbytery
6 New sacristy
7 Main nave of the church
8 Northern nave
9 Northern porch
10 Northern tower
11 Southern nave
12 Southern porch
13 Chapel of St. Dorothy, southern tower
The presbytery
The presbytery has two vault fields and a five-sided apse, which is recognisable from outside, thank to supporting pillars. There are ten pillars, eight of them made mostly of sandstone blocks, each finished with a small gable roof. There are eight pointed arches shaped windows into the presbytery. Three of them are in the longitudinal walls together with a rosette window. Architect Kamil Hilbert modified them, he reopened windows which had been cancelled during the Baroque adaptation of the church. He rebuilt an original jamb with a double groove and a divided pear shaped shaft.
Window traceries consist of trefoils, quatrefoils, five-pointed and six-pointed stars and a rose. Under the roof alongside the presbytery runs the crown cornice with a simple groove. Kamil Hilbert also built a new rib vault in both fields of the presbytery and in the apse. Big ribs use remains of Tas-de-charges, original springings and corbels. Corbels are designed as a plant plastic ornament. A crossing arch separating the nave from the choir is formed by a wide rectangular strip running continuously to the ground. There is also a pear shaped profile running with the rectangular strip. Its pear shaped capitals have similar character as those in the presbytery. Keystones of the vault are decorated with symbols of Adam and Eve, music and a sign of the town with the year of the vault reconstruction, in the centre.
The vault in the presbytery has frescoes called "Czech heaven" finished in 1915 by artist Artuš Scheiner. On the apse vault are visible signs of four evangelists. And in the vault next to the nave are frescoes of cherubs playing on musical instruments. To the presbytery belongs old sacristy and the chapel of Virgin Mary of Vienna. From the outside they are joined as one object and there is no buttress between them. Here is a window with pointed arch and a simple tracery bringing light into the chapel. For lighting up the sacristy there are two windows one with pointed arch and the second one circular. The old sacristy has two fields of the ribbed vault newly built by Kamil Hilbert. By the southern side of the presbytery is located the contemporary sacristy. Light goes inside through couple windows with oblique jambs and tracery. The sacristy has two ribbed cross-vault fields. Ribs there have a wedge profile. Ribs are loaded by canopy corbels. Remains of two frescoes are here and a well-preserved inscription on the wall. Next to the sacristi is a porch, added at the beginning of the 16th century. The porch has a simple late-Gothic portal. The portal was reconstructed in the 20th century, has two masks on the sides by a sculptor Stanislav Sucharda and is finished with a final. In the southern porch was a star rib vault as it was under the white tower, but Kamil Hilbert removed it. Probably the most impressive part of the whole structure is the original southern portal of the presbytery, with its massive pointed arch running deep into the wall. The portal jamb is highly decorated with pear shaped, cylindrical and rectangular profiled shafts. The arch is decorated from the outside with a belt of plastic grapes leaves. In the tympanum above the portal is a sculpture of Ottokar II, made by the sculptor S. Sucharda. From his workshop also came a coat of arms of the Czech kingdom and the town Nymburk, placed on walls in the southern porch.
The nave and aisles
Another part of the church is a basilical nave with aisles on both sides. The central vessel is lighted up directly. Above the western part of side vessels are built towers. The central vessel has the same height as the presbytery and has ten brick buttresses finished with a small gable roof. The main vessel has nine windows, and one of them goes through west front face wall. Other eight are located in the upper third of side walls. From the outside, all windows has a continuous moulding under them. Below the moulding starts a shed roof of side vessels.
Ribs in all four vault fields load a cross vault. There are three keystones with heraldic signs and vegetative motives, one keystone is missing and there is a circular opening left out through the vault. The vault is decorated with a narrow belt of vegetative motives only. Above the porch is the fifth vault field but with a Baroque vault. Today a gallery is extended into an extra field there, and on the internal front face is a fresco probably coming from the 17th century. On the gallery is an organ from the workshop of a crafter Josef Tuček from Kutná Hora.
Between side vessels and the main nave are arcades. In the north there is the side vessel with three windows and two buttresses joining the central nave. The cross vault has four fields in the row and one separated by a belt because in the past this field load the norther tower. Next to the northern nave was added a square shaped porch with a ribbed vault. The porch was modificated to the chapel during the 17th century. The southern nave has a similar disposition as the northern one, yet the fifth vault field is different. There is a chapel under the white tower. It has a star shaped vault supported by corbels with a figural decor. To the southern nave belongs a square shaped porch from the 15th century with a Late-gothic portal. The portal has an intersecting string in the ogee shape jamb. The porch has an octagonal pyramidal roof.
Towers and west front face
The northern tower is no longer there except of its remains under the level of the crowning cornice. During the direction of Kamil Hilbert was moved the vault from the southern porch of the presbytery into the first floor of the northern tower. The southern tower has four levels separated by stone mouldings. The tower has two buttresses, buttresses are finished with pinnacles and the Gothic rose at the top. Pinnacles are also at corners of the second and the third floor. In the ground floor is one narrow twin lancet widow. In the first and the second floor are four large pointed windows. Above the third floor was added a cube of the fourth floor in the 20th century. On the forth floor is a room for guardian and four clocks. Around the fourth floor runs a gallery with a stone balustrade. There is only one preserved gargoyle, four others are new. Original is also a belt of tetra-foils under the balustrade and five coats of arms lower.
Between the tower and the buttress are a staircase with five small Gothic windows. The staircase is roofed above the first floor by an octagonal stone pyramid. An entrance to the stairs was originally from the chapel under the tower through Gothic portal. The portal has a tympanum with the sign of Nymburk. But the portal is hidden into the wall nowadays.
On the west face of the church is a smaller Pseudo-gothic portal, between two towers. The portal is used as the main entrance into the church. The front face is finished with a high gable in the shape of an equilateral triangle. And its upper sides have battlements. The gable consists of belts of blind arcades.
Interior
The church has many interesting and valuable things inside. The most valuable one is a plastic of the first patron St. Nicholas, made of stone. The plastic probably came from the workshop of a sculptor Peter Parler (the 14th century) but it might be even older than that. Its original place was at the top of the buttress in the south, but today is protected against weather conditions inside. Most of church's equipment is in the Baroque style. The main altar in the front is from 1704. F. M. Kotterbauer the carver from Kutná Hora made it. A highly decorated tabernacle was made in 1916 according to the design by Kamil Hilbert. The author of an altar picture is unknown. The picture shows the second patron – the hermit St. Giles. František Adámek made most sculptures inside and the pulpit in the year 1770 too. Other pictures come from workshops of Baroque artists Václav and Josef Kramolín (native Nymburk citizens), Jan Mountain, J. J. Hentsch, Ignác Müller and Josef Hellich.
Gallery
References
Poche, Emanuel. Umělecké památky Ćech 2: K-O, Academia, Prague, 1978, 578 pages, a kol., 1st edition
Řehounek, Jan. Dějiny chrámu sv. Jiljí "jak kameny o nich mluví". Nymburk: Nakladatelství Jan Řehounek – Kaplanka, 2008. .
Poul, Josef. Děkanský kostel sv. Jiljí v Nymburce. Edition "Nymburské vlastivědné sešity" č. 1/90. Published by Vlastivědné muzeum v Nymbuce. 1990.
External links
Roman Catholic churches in the Czech Republic
Nymburk
Cyricus (, , Mar Quriaqos Sahada; also Cyriacus, Quiriac, Quiricus, Cyr), and his mother, Julitta (, , Yulitha; also Julietta) are venerated as early Christian martyrs. According to tradition, they were put to death at Tarsus in AD 304.
Cyricus
Some evidence exists for an otherwise unknown child-martyr named Cyricus at Antioch. It is believed that the legends about Cyricus and Julitta refer to him. There are places named after Cyricus in Europe and the Middle East, but without the name Julitta attached. Cyricus is the Saint-Cyr found in many French toponyms, as well as in several named San Quirico in Italy. The cult of these saints was strong in France after Amator, Bishop of Auxerre, brought relics back from Antioch in the 4th century. It is said that Constantine I discovered their relics originally and built a monastery near Constantinople, and a church not far off from Jerusalem. In the 6th century the Acts of Cyricus and Julitta were rejected in a list of apocryphal documents by the Decretum Gelasianum, called as such since the list was erroneously attributed to Pope Gelasius I.
History
According to one version of their martyrdom, Julitta and her three-year-old son Cyricus had fled to Tarsus and were identified as Christians. Julitta was tortured and Cyricus, being held by the governor of Tarsus, scratched the governor's face and was killed by being thrown down some stairs. Julitta did not weep but celebrated the fact that her son had earned the crown of martyrdom. In anger, the governor then decreed that Julitta's sides should be ripped apart with hooks, and then she was beheaded. Her body, along with that of Cyricus, was flung outside the city, on the heap of bodies belonging to criminals, but two maids rescued the corpses of the mother and child and buried them in a nearby field. This version is recorded in a letter from Theodore of Mopsuestia to Pope Zosimus and in the Acta Graece Sincera.
An alternative version of the story is found in Latin, Syriac, and Arabic. In this version, Julitta was captured without Cyricus and brought before the governor. She refused to sacrifice to idols and tells him to find a child, so that they can ask him if he thinks it is right to worship one god or many. Cyricus was found and he declared himself to be a Christian. The governor inflicted many tortures on them, all of which they miraculously survive. Satan entered Julitta's heart, causing her to be afraid of death, but Cyricus emboldens her with encouragement and prayers. The mother and child are finally decapitated.
Cyricus and Charlemagne
A story from Nevers states that one night Charlemagne dreamed he was saved from being killed by a wild boar during a hunt. He was saved by the appearance of a nude child, who had promised to save the Emperor from death if he would give him clothes to cover his nakedness.
The bishop of Nevers interpreted this dream to mean that he wanted the Emperor to repair the roof of the Cathédrale Saint-Cyr-et-Sainte-Julitte de Nevers.
Veneration
Croatia
In Croatia, in the Town of Visnjan, there is a 17th-century loggia and the church of Saint Cyricis (Kvirik) and Julitta (Julita).
Georgia
Cyricus (Kvirike) and Julitta (Ivlita) are venerated as patron saints of the Kala community in the highland province of Svaneti. While the saints were relatively unknown in the rest of Georgia, the Svan mountaineers held them in high esteem. The 11th-century Lagurka church, located at 2200 metres above sea and known for its wall paintings, is the scene of an all-Svan festival and pilgrimage, kvirikoba ("the day of Cyricus"), held annually on July 28. In the words of the historian Ekvtime Taqaishvili, for the Svans Lagurka is what for the ancient Greeks was Delphi—the symbol of their unity.
Italy
In Italy, where they are known as Quirico (or Quilico, or Chirico) and Giulitta (or Giuletta or Giulietta ), the place most commonly linked with the saints is the village of San Quirico d'Orcia in the Val d'Orcia of the Province of Siena, region of Tuscany. There a twelfth- or thirteenth-century church (pictured right), based on an eighth-century baptistery, is dedicated to them. The cult, however, is common in many parts of country and more than 200 churches, monasteries, localities, etc. with signs of devotion to one or both of the saints have been identified. Other communes named after them are Corvino San Quirico (Province of Pavia), San Chirico Nuovo (Province of Potenza), San Chirico Raparo (Province of Potenza), Serra San Quirico (Province of Ancona), and Santa Giuletta (Province of Pavia). Communes of whom they are patron saints include Borgo San Martino (Province of Alessandria), Cavaria in the municipality of Cavaria con Premezzo (Province of Varese), Cisternino (Province of Brindisi), Collesalvetti (Province of Livorno), and Trofarello (Province of Turin. San Quirico Province of Pistoia
In parts of Piedmont, including Centallo, Asti and Murisengo, an unconnected Saint Quirico is venerated, regarded as a member of the Theban Legion.
British Isles
There are a few churches in England dedicated to Saints Cyricus and Julitta, including Newton St. Cyres in Devon, Tickenham in Somerset, and Swaffham Prior in Cambridgeshire. In Cornwall, they can be found in the villages of Luxulyan and St Veep, and there was also once a chapel at Calstock dedicated to these two saints. In Wales there is the least one church dedicated to the saints, in Llanilid, but named as St. Ilid and St. Curig.
The cult of "St. Giric" was formerly much more widespread in Celtic Britain, however. His feast day was one of the principal Welsh holidays, as codified by the laws of Hywel Dda.
St Cyriac's Church, Lacock, Wiltshire, has a framed print of a similar story depicting St Cyricus boxing a governor's ears because the governor had blasphemed. The embittered governor stabs the child dead and the mother is crucified. This print appears to be based on panels from the predella of a 15th-century Italian altarpiece dedicated to Cyricus.
Middle East
Cyricus in particular is mentioned numerous times in the daily office of the Church of the East as attested in the large collection of prayers and services known as the Hudra. The mention of a saint from Tarsus in such East Syriac traditions suggests that there was considerable early sharing of martyrological traditions despite doctrinal differences between churches.
India
Cyriacus is one of the saints venerated by the Saint Thomas Christians of India. Some of their important churches were dedicated to the saint. A document written in 1301 mentions the church at Kodungallur which was dedicated the saint. The Pālūr Church, one of the seven churches associated with the mission of Thomas the Apostle, was originally dedicated to Cyriacus. There is a small piece of St. Cyricus / Kuriakose's finger at St. Peter's and St. Paul's Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church in Puthencruz (Ernakulam) They celebrate his Perunnal (feast) on July 27, 28 and the anniversary of the relocation of his bone on Nov 13, 14 of every year. Also, a piece of his other finger can be found in St. George Dayro in Malecruze in Ernakulam.
Footnotes
External links
"St. Julitta, Martyr", Butler's Lives of the Saints
Catholic Encyclopedia
Saint Julitta
Church of St Quiricus and St Julietta, Tickenham, England
Cyriac Family History Project - Saints Cyr & Julitta page
Orthodox Church of America
Online Chapel - Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America
St. Cyricus page at the Christian Iconography web site
"Saint Quiricus and His Mother Saint Julitta" from the Golden Legend
Syriac Martyrdom of Mar Quryaqus and Yoliti Full text
Persian saints
304 deaths
Saints duos
Christian child saints
4th-century Christian martyrs
4th-century Romans
Year of birth unknown
Late Ancient Christian female saints
Groups of Christian martyrs of the Roman era
Berlins Most Wanted is an album by German rap group Berlins Most Wanted, consisting of Bushido, Fler and Kay One. It released as Standard and Limited Deluxe Edition on 22 October 2010, by ersguterjunge.
Musical context
The album contains a lot of typical gangsta rap and battle rap tracks ("Die ganze Galaxie" and "Lauf, Nutte, lauf!") but it also had some deeper songs ("Mein Ein und Alles",and "Wunschkonzert").
The Limited Deluxe Edition features three solo tracks of each rapper and the music video for the single "Berlins Most Wanted" and a DVD. The album doesn't have any guest appearances.
Track listing
Charts
References
2010 albums
Bushido (rapper) albums
Fler albums
Collaborative albums
German-language albums
Euchrysops decaryi is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Butterflies described in 1947
Euchrysops
Auto Train is an scheduled daily train service for passengers and their automobiles operated by Amtrak between Lorton, Virginia (near Washington, D.C.), and Sanford, Florida (near Orlando). Auto Train is the only motorail service in the United States.
Passengers ride in coach seats or private sleeping car rooms while their vehicles are carried in enclosed automobile-carrying freight cars called autoracks. The train can carry up to 320 vehicles. The train also includes lounge cars and dining cars. Auto Train allows its passengers to avoid driving Interstate 95 in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida while bringing their own vehicles with them. It has the highest revenue of any Amtrak long-distance train.
The service operates as train number 52 northbound and number 53 southbound. The train operates non-stop between its Virginia and Florida terminals, except for a brief stop in Florence, South Carolina, for servicing and a crew change of the engineer and conductors.
Amtrak's Auto Train is the successor to an earlier, similarly named service operated by the privately-owned Auto-Train Corporation in the 1970s.
History
Auto-Train Corporation
The original Auto-Train operated on Seaboard coastline Railroad and Richmond, Fredericksburg & Potomac tracks. It was operated by Auto-Train Corporation, a privately owned railroad carrier founded by Eugene K. Garfield. Garfield had worked at the U.S. Department of Transportation, which had funded a study of the practicality of an automobile-train service. Garfield resigned and used the study as the blueprint for his enterprise. The company provided a service unique in the country: scheduled rail transportation for passengers and their automobiles between Lorton, Virginia, near Washington, D.C., and Sanford, Florida, near Orlando, Florida.
The Auto-Train Corporation used its own rolling stock, painted in red, white, and purple. The typical train was equipped with two or three General Electric U36B diesel-electric locomotives; double-deck auto carriers; streamlined passenger cars, including coaches, dining cars, and sleeping cars; and full-dome cars; and a caboose, then an unusual sight on most passenger trains. The engines were freight types, purchased at much lower cost than passenger types. But they lacked steam generators, so heat to the passenger cars was supplied by steam-generator cars. Passengers rode in wide coach seats or private first-class sleeping compartments, and meals were served in dining cars. Their vehicles were carried in enclosed autoracks. The company's first autoracks were acquired used, and started life in the 1950s as an innovation of the Canadian National (CN) Railroad. The CN cars were huge by the standards of the time: each 75-footer (23.86 m) could carry eight vehicles, which were loaded through end-doors.
The Auto-Train began running on December 6, 1971. It was immediately popular with the traveling public and at first enjoyed financial success as well. In FY1974 the company turned a profit of $1.6 million on revenues of $20 million. In May 1974, service began over a second route between Florida and Louisville, Kentucky, and the company was mulling additional service between Chicago and Denver. The Louisville extension proved to be the company's undoing. The decaying Louisville and Nashville Railroad track between Louisville and Florida (which also hampered Amtrak's Floridian) hindered operations, and a pair of derailments stretched the company's finances to the breaking point. Service ceased in April 1981.
Amtrak
After 22 months, the service was revived by Amtrak, which operates most intercity passenger trains in the United States. Amtrak acquired the terminals in Lorton and Sanford and some of the Auto-Train equipment. On October 30, 1983, it introduced a triweekly version of the service under the restyled name "Auto Train". Daily service was introduced a year later.
Amtrak used Auto-Train's bi-level and tri-level autoracks. For passenger equipment, it initially used a mixture of former Auto-Train railcars and mid-century long-distance railcars from Amtrak's general fleet, all rebuilt to Amtrak's "Heritage Fleet" standards. In the mid-1990s, Amtrak replaced all these passenger railcars, which were of the conventional single-level type, with its newer, bi-level Superliner I and II equipment. In 2006, the aging bi-level, tri-level, and "van" autoracks were phased out and replaced with 80 new autoracks. Unlike the old racks, the new racks have uniform heights and are most similar to the "vans" of the previous fleet.
Amtrak operates two Auto Trains simultaneously each day, Train No. 53 from Lorton and Train No. 52 from Sanford, departing at 5 p.m. for a scheduled arrival the following day at 10 a.m. In practice, however, the trains usually run late. In May 2021, for example, only 31 percent of Auto Trains arrived on time, mostly because of interference by freight trains that have preference over much of the route.
The Auto Train was the last Amtrak service to permit smoking on board. Amtrak discontinued the practice on June 1, 2013.
Auto Train operates on the same route it and its predecessor have always used; most of the route is owned by CSX Transportation while 16 miles are owned by SunRail.
The trains are known by their route numbers internally by Amtrak. When communicating on the CSX road channels, they are known by their CSX designations: P053xx and P052xx, where xx is the 2-digit date on which the train departed its origin station. For example, a southbound train that departed on the 23rd of the month would be known as CSX P05323 on the road channels. This allows for unique identification when two trains on the same route are operating simultaneously.
Ridership
Ridership hit a peak of 274,445 in Amtrak's fiscal year 2014. Ridership declined through 2019, then dropped some 30% to 163,556 in 2020, the first year of the COVID-19 pandemic. It recovered somewhat in 2021, to 199,414.
The Auto Train has the highest revenue of any Amtrak long-distance train. The train had total revenue of US$75,169,554 in FY2016, down 7.9% from FY2015.
Operations
The train operates every day. At 12:30 pm, the station gates are opened to allow the vehicles into the vehicle staging area. Here, each vehicle is assigned a unique number, which is affixed to the driver's door magnetically. The vehicle is typically videoed to document existing dents and other damage, in case a damage claim is later filed. The passengers leave their vehicles here and take their carry-on bags with them into the station to await boarding. The vehicles are then staged near the autorack ramps by size and length for optimal loading order and are then loaded onto the autoracks. Motorcycle owners help tie their bikes down to a motorcycle carrier that is then loaded into the autorack. Passengers can not access their vehicles during the trip.
The last vehicles and passengers are accepted up until 3 p.m., after which the autoracks are closed and coupled together, the passenger cars are coupled together in the case of Sanford departures, and the autoracks are coupled to the rear of the consist. At 5 p.m., the train departs the station.
About 1 a.m., the train makes its sole scheduled stop, at the Florence, South Carolina, station, where a new engineer and conductors take over and the train takes on fuel and water. No passengers embark or disembark here.
The schedule calls for the trains to arrive in Lorton and Sanford about 10 a.m. the next day. When the trains arrive on time, they have covered the 855-mile (1,376 km) journey in about 17 hours, at an average speed of about 50 miles per hour (80 km/h).
Passengers cannot immediately leave the train, as the autoracks are first decoupled from the consist, and in the case of the Sanford station, the passenger cars are split into two sections to fit on Sanford's shorter platforms. At this point, the passengers are then allowed to disembark and move to the auto claim area. Cleaning crews move into the train after passengers leave, and the train is re-supplied with food and water. The passenger cars' seat backs are flipped to allow everyone in coach to ride facing forward.
The autoracks are further split into three to six sections and each section is aligned with a loading ramp (see picture). The doors between each are opened, and connecting ramps are lowered to allow vehicles to move between cars. At this point vehicles begin to roll off the autoracks and to the claim area, where they are identified and announced by the vehicle number that was attached to the vehicle at the origin station. Vehicles are not unloaded in the same order they were loaded. It normally takes one hour to unload all vehicles from a full train. The first 30 vehicles off belong to passengers who have paid $60 or $65, depending on peak or off-peak travel times, a service Amtrak has offered by the name Priority Vehicle Offloading since April 2013.
Lorton Terminal
Lorton, Virginia, is about a half-hour drive south of Washington, D.C., near Interstate 95 in Northern Virginia. Amtrak's new Lorton terminal opened in early 2000 as a replacement for the original station built during the 1970s, and features a large, modern waiting area with high glass walls. The station was designed by architect Hanny Hassan. The suspended sculpture in the lobby was designed by Patrick Sheridan. The platform is long.
Lorton was selected as site of the northern terminal because the height autoracks were too tall to pass through the First Street Tunnel into Washington, D.C.
Sanford Terminal
Sanford, Florida, is the southern terminus and is about a half-hour drive north of Orlando. The original facility was older and smaller than the terminal at Lorton. At Sanford, the Auto Train loads passengers on two tracks, as no one track is long enough to accommodate all the passenger railcars. Sanford's operation is unique in that a railroad crossing runs through the middle of the rail yard. This complicates some switching procedures and also requires a three-man yard conductor crew – conductor, assistant conductor, and a utility conductor – while operations at Lorton requires only a conductor and assistant conductor. Both yards operate with one engineer. Sanford serves as the main mechanical and maintenance location for Auto Train, with diesel and car shops to service the fleet. The city of Sanford provides a shuttle bus to the historic district departing every 20 minutes between noon and 2:00 pm free of charge on all days except Sundays and certain major holidays.
Consist
The Auto Train uses Amtrak's bi-level Superliner equipment, which is used for trains in the western United States and cannot pass through Baltimore Penn Station or the North River Tunnels for access to New York Penn Station. A typical consist includes two GE Genesis locomotives in the front, a transition sleeper car, three sleeping cars, a sightseer lounge car, a full-service dining car, five sleepers, a cafe dining car, four coaches, and up to 33 autoracks.
Superliner sleeping cars have deluxe bedrooms on the upper level, roomettes on the upper and lower levels, one "family bedroom", and one "accessible bedroom". Coach cars have reclining seats on both levels. The Sightseer Lounge car has wrap-around windows on the upper level and an informal café on the lower. One dining and lounge car is reserved for the use of sleeping car customers, while another also serves coach passengers.
With a total length of roughly , the Auto Train is often said to be the longest passenger train in the world.
See also
AutoTrak, a cancelled service Amtrak had planned as an answer to the Auto Train in the 1970s
Car shuttle train
Motorail
Eurotunnel Shuttle (for cars and trucks)
Rail terminology
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Amtrak routes
Railway services introduced in 1983
Passenger rail transportation in Virginia
Passenger rail transportation in Florida
Passenger rail transportation in Georgia (U.S. state)
Passenger rail transportation in South Carolina
Passenger rail transportation in North Carolina
Night trains of the United States
1983 establishments in the United States
Long distance Amtrak routes
The PAM 100B Individual Lifting Vehicle was an American lifting vehicle designed and built in the early 1990s by the Performance Aviation Manufacturing Group of Williamsburg, Virginia, it is also designed for amateur construction from a kit of parts.
, a UAV variant of the design was reportedly being developed in 2001.
Design and development
The project was started in October 1989 with the prototype first flying in June 1994 originally with a single engine. It was later rebuilt with two Hirth F30A two-stroke engines. The lifting vehicle is an open frame with one person standing on top with a protective tubular framework. Below the framework the vehicle has two coaxial contra-rotating two-blade rotors with directional control from two small propellers at the ends of the cross-tubes. It has a fixed skid landing gear.
Variants
PAM 100B
Piston-powered lifting vehicle with two Hirth F30A engines.
PAM 100T
Turbine-powered variant with a JFS-100-13 engine.
PAM 200
Kit-built variant of the 100B.
UAV
A unmanned variant based on the turbine powered 100T was under development in 2001.
Specifications (PAM 100B)
References
Notes
Bibliography
1990s United States experimental aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
The scrub tanager (Stilpnia vitriolina) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
scrub tanager
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
scrub tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Neopaganism in the United States is represented by widely different movements and organizations. The largest Neopagan religious movement is Wicca, followed by Neodruidism. Both of these religions or spiritual paths were introduced during the 1950s and 1960s from Great Britain. Germanic Neopaganism and Kemetism appeared in the US in the early 1970s. Hellenic Neopaganism appeared in the 1990s.
History
Paganism first arose in the United Kingdom, with individuals like Charles Cardell and Gerald Gardner popularizing their nature-based beliefs. The spread of Neopaganism in the United States started in the 1960s with the introduction of Neodruidism (or Druidry) and Wicca from Great Britain. In the 1960s throughout the 1970s multiple variations of the craft (with a more centered structure) began sprouting up within the US. Neodruidism had begun in 1912 in the United States, but was a more fraternal order at that time. Germanic Neopaganism (or Heathenism) entered during the 1970s, developing into new denominations proper to the US, notably Theodism. In the same period the first Kemetic groups were formed, with the tradition itself originating in the US.
Wicca, introduced by Gerald Gardner in 1954, is the best known of the Neopagan movements. Charles Cardell, Gerald Gardner's rival during the 1950s Pagan Witchcraft Movement in England, actually coined the term "Wiccens" referring to Pagan Witches. Men were not the only founders of Pagan beliefs. Feminist based practices were on the rise during the 1960s and 1970s. The Pagan Organization, WITCH, an acronym for Women's International Terrorist Conspiracy from Hell, was formed during the 1960s. Another instance of such practices was Dianic Witchcraft, mothered by Zsuzsanna Budapest who published a 1979 piece tilted "The Holy Book of Women's Mysteries".
The 1980s and 1990s saw the emergence of a number of reconstructionist and other ethnic traditions. Hellenic Neopaganism (Dodekatheism), for example, has flourished since the 1990s, along with parallel developments in Greece. Hellenism was soon legally recognized as a 'known religion' in 2017 within Greece, when granted it more religions freedoms such as the freedom to open houses of worship and the freedom for clergy to officiate weddings.
Organizations
Notable US Neopagan organizations:
Wicca/Goddess/eclectic:
Cherry Hill Seminary, South Carolina, since 2001
Church of All Worlds, formed 1962, formerly the largest of all the pagan movements, which centres on worship of the earth-mother goddess
Circle Sanctuary, based in Wisconsin; largest Neo-Pagan organization in the US; its newsletter, Circle Network News, has some 15,000 subscribers (as of 1992)
Council of Magickal Arts, Texas
Covenant of the Goddess, since 1975
Feraferia, Hellenic-inspired goddess worship, established 1967 in southern California by Frederick M. Adams, as a continuation of his Fellowship of Hesperides founded in 1957, based in Nevada City
Feri Tradition, from ca. 1960
Reclaiming Tradition, an international community of women and men working to combine earth-based spirituality and political activism
Roman Paganism
Nova Roma, since 1998
Hellenic Neopaganism
Hellenion
Neodruidism:
Ár nDraíocht Féin, since 1983
The Druid Order, since 1909
Order of Bards, Ovates and Druids, since 1964
Reformed Druids of North America, since 1963
Ancient Order of Druids in America, since 1874, when it was the Ancient Archaeological Order of Druids
Heathenry (new religious movement):
Ásatrú Alliance, AA, since 1988, Arizona-based
The Ásatrú Community Inc. (2012) A nonprofit universalist Ásatrú organization located in Thousand Oaks, California.
Ásatrú Folk Assembly, AFA, California based, since 1994, re-activation of Stephen McNallen's 1974-1986 Asatru Free Assembly, formerly Viking Brotherhood, 1971-1974
Odinic Rite, ORV, since 1997
The Troth, since 1987
Wolves of Vinland
Kemetism
Ausar Auset Society, since 1973
Church of the Eternal Source, since 1970
Kemetic Orthodoxy, since 1988
Nondenominational Pagan groups
Free Spirit Alliance
American council of witches, pagans, and friends. A group working towards unity through friendship, help, information, news and issues.
Festivals
Heartland Pagan Festival, since 1986
Pagan Spirit Gathering, since 1980
Starwood Festival, since 1981
Pan Pagan Festival, since 1976
Demographics
Wiccan churches and other Neopagan institutions are becoming more common in the US. However, estimates of their numbers vary widely. The 2014 Pew Research Center's Religious Landscapes Survey included a subset of the New Age Spiritual Movement called "Pagan or Wiccan," reflecting that 3/4 of individuals identifying as New Age also identified as Pagan or Wiccan and placing Wiccans and Pagans at 0.3% of the total U.S. population or approximately 956,000 people of just over 1,275,000 individuals in the New Age movement. Most of the 1990s studies put the number of US Neopagans between 200,000 and 1 million (0.1% to 0.5% of the total population). A 2008 Pew Forum survey put "New Age" religious believers, including Neopagans, at about 1.2 million.
According to David Waldron (2005), roughly 10 million Wiccan-related books were sold in 2000 (up from 4.5 million in 1990), as reported by the American Booksellers Association. However this gives only a rough guide to the size of the Wiccan-related economy and he comments that the added complexity of determining the boundary between Wiccan or Neopagan products and New Age products makes determining the size of the movement from this rather problematic.
More conservative estimates included Helen Berger and Craig Hawkins in Exploring the World of Wicca, who guessed from 150,000 to 200,000. Melton, J. Gordon, Jerome Clark and Aidan A. Kelly in New Age Almanac (1991, p. 340) estimated a total of about 300,000 people associated with the "overall movement" of Wicca, with "tens of thousands" of members active in between 1,000 and 5,000 covens. Conservative estimates in 1993 arrived at about 50,000 Wiccans in the US (Religious Requirements & Practices of Certain Selected Groups: A Handbook for Chaplains, 1993) while Wiccan high estimates claimed several million (Phyllis Curott, The Book of Shadows: A Modern Woman's Journey into the Wisdom of Witchcraft and the Magic of the Goddess). In 2008, U.S. Today estimated 1 million Wiccans, a fast growth compared to the 100.000/200.000 estimated in late 1990s and early 2000s.
The United States Census Bureau's American Community Survey found 342,000 Wiccans and 340,000 Pagans in the United States in 2008.
Wicca
Wicca was introduced to North America in 1964 by Raymond Buckland, an expatriate Briton who visited Gardner's Isle of Man coven to gain initiation. Interest in the USA spread quickly, and while many were initiated, many more non-initiates compiled their own rituals based on published sources or their own fancy.
Another significant development was the creation by feminists in the late 1960s to 1970s of an eclectic movement known as Dianic Wicca, or feminist Dianic Witchcraft.
The United States Department of Veterans Affairs in an out-of-court settlement of 23 April 2007 with the family of Patrick Stewart allowed the pentacle as an "emblem of belief" on tombstones in military cemeteries.
Druidry
Druidry is also known as Druidism and Neodruidism. The Ancient Order of Druids in America was founded in 1912 as the American branch of the Ancient and Archaeological Order of Druids. Coming from the Druid cultural revivals in the UK in the 18th and 19th centuries, Neodruidry in the U.S. has a long history.
Celtic Reconstructionism, while not associated with Druidry directly, is also part of the cultural diaspora of Celtic Paganism. Celtic Reconstructionists place a greater emphasis on scholarly approaches, reviving and reconstructing the old practices of the Celts in the modern day.
Asatru
Ásatrú in the United States began in the early 1970s with Stephen McNallen's 1974-1986 Asatru Free Assembly, formerly Viking Brotherhood, 1971-1974.
In 1986, the "folkish vs. universalist" dispute regarding the stance of Ásatrú towards white supremacism escalated, resulting in the breakup of the Asatru Free Assembly. The "leftist" (universalist) branch reformed as The Troth, while the "rightist" (folkish) branch became the Ásatrú Alliance (AA).
McNallen re-founded his own organisation as the Ásatrú Folk Assembly (AFA) in 1994.
In 1997, the Britain-based Odinic Rite (OR) founded a US chapter (ORV). This means that folkish Asatru is represented by three major organizations in the US, viz. AA, AFA and OR. The three groups have attempted to collaborate within an International Asatru-Odinic Alliance from 1997 until 2002, when it dissolved again as a result of internal factional disputes.
Discrimination
According to feminist pagan Starhawk "religious discrimination against Pagans and Wiccans and indigenous religions is omnipresent in the U.S."
Controversies mostly surround religious rights in US prisons and the US military. Prison inmates' right to practice minority religions was asserted in 2004 by the Supreme Court in Cutter v. Wilkinson.
Some neopagan groups, particularly Germanic ones, have themselves been accused of racial discrimination. See Nordic racial paganism.
See also
Religion in the United States
Ásatrú in the United States
Dynion Mwyn
Neopaganism in Minnesota
Cutter v. Wilkinson
Dettmer v. Landon
Eric S. Raymond
Oberon Zell-Ravenheart
Starhawk
Christianity and neopaganism
References
Further reading
Robert S. Ellwood, Notes on a Neopagan Religious Group in America, History of Religions (1971).
G. Melton and I. Poggi, Magic, Witchcraft, and Paganism in America (1992).
United States
The Cosmopolitan Railway was a proposed global railroad network advocated by William Gilpin, formerly the first territorial governor of Colorado (1861–62), in his 1890 treatise Cosmopolitan Railway: Compacting and Fusing Together All the World's Continents. Gilpin named his capital city of Denver as the "railroad centre of the West".
Components
Cosmopolitan Railway was one of the earliest documents envisioning a land route to Alaska, a vision that would first be realized (though not in the form of a railroad) in 1942, with the completion of the crude original version of the Alaska Highway. The document also proposed a bridge to Asia across the Bering Strait, a concept that has been dubbed the Intercontinental Peace Bridge, which would have been, and still would be, an enormously important link between the Eurasian and African continents on the one hand and the North and South American continents on the other.
However, the formidable expense and difficulty of building such a bridge, and of building thousands of miles of new railroad through remote portions of Siberia, far northern North America, Africa, and other areas, have kept the plan as nothing more than a vision.
See also
Pan-American Highway
Trans-Asian Railway
Transcontinental railroad
Intercontinental and transoceanic fixed links
Footnotes
References
Exploratory engineering
International rail transport
Proposed rail infrastructure
Octopus: Sam Israel, the Secret Market, and Wall Street's Wildest Con is a 2012 non-fiction book by the Canadian author and journalist Guy Lawson. The book was published by Crown Publishing on July 10, 2012.
Synopsis
Octopus focuses on Wall Street trader Samuel Israel III, who attempted to commit hedge fund fraud by taking part in a "secret market" reported to have been run by the Federal Reserve. Lawson interviewed Israel for the book, commenting in an interview with CBS News that he was surprised at "how much truth there was to Israel's stories". The book covers Israel's attempt to save his company Bayou as well as his attempt to fake a suicide.
Reception
Critical reception for Octopus was mostly positive. Fortune magazine praised Lawson for going "out of his way not to pass judgment on his subject, simply letting him spin an outrageous but definitely movie-worthy tale". Rob Copeland of hedge fund magazine Absolute Return had a different take, calling the book "exhausting." "Unlike the best in the narrative finance genre, this is a beach read with too few UV rays—leaving the reader cold," he wrote.
References
Canadian non-fiction books
2012 non-fiction books
Bank fraud
Books about traders
Granite was a small railway station located at Granite, on the Mansfield line in Victoria, Australia.
It was opened as Falls Siding in 1892, to serve a nearby granite quarry, and had been re-named Granite by 1904. The station consisted of a wooden platform and was not staffed. Little used, it was closed in December 1951.
References
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1883
Railway stations closed in 1978
Disused railway stations in Victoria (Australia)
Mansfield railway line
The United States Ambassador to India is the chief diplomatic representative of the United States in India. The U.S. Ambassador's office is situated at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi.
Chiefs of Mission to India
U.S. Ambassadors to the Dominion of India (1947-1950)
President George Washington, on November 19, 1792, nominated Benjamin Joy of Newbury Port as the first American Consul to Calcutta (now Kolkata) and later commissioned Joy to that office on November 21, 1792.
U.S. Ambassadors to the Republic of India (1950-present)
See also
Embassy of India, Washington, D.C.
India – United States relations
List of ambassadors of India to the United States
Foreign relations of India
Ambassadors of the United States
References
United States Department of State: Background notes on India
Sources
Brands, H. W. Inside the Cold War: Loy Henderson and the Rise of the American Empire 1918-1961 (1991) pp 196–230; Loy Henderson was US Ambassador, 1948–51
Primary sources
, US ambassador 1951-53 and 1963–69
Galbraith, John K. Ambassador's journal: a personal account of the Kennedy years (1969) online, he was US ambassador to India 1961-63
U.S. Department of State. Foreign Relations of the United States (FRUS), many volumes of primary sources; the complete texts of these large books are all online. See Guide to FRUS. For example, Foreign Relations of the United States, 1969–1976, Volume XI, South Asia Crisis, 1971 was published in 2005 and is online here. The most recent volumes are Foreign Relations of the United States, 1969–1976, Volume E–7, Documents on South Asia, 1969–1972 (2005) online here and Foreign Relations of the United States, 1969–1976, Volume E–8, Documents on South Asia, 1973–1976 (2007) online here. Included are the most important cables sent by the ambassador to Washington.
External links
India
United States
Luis María Díaz De Otazu (born 11 August 1966) is a Spanish former professional racing cyclist. He rode in the 1995 Tour de France.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Álava
Cyclists from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
is a private junior college, located in the city of Fukushima, Japan. The school is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church.
History
The Sakura no Seibo was established in 1955 as a women's junior college specializing in home economics. The school was reorganized in 2003 as part of the Ministry of Education's Distinctive University Support Program. It has been affiliated with the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal from the Netherlands since 2008. The school offers qualification programs for nursery teachers, dietitians, librarians, kindergarten teaching, junior high school teaching as well as nutrition teaching.
Organization
School of Life Science
Department of Food & Nutrition
Department of Child welfare
School of English language
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1955
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukushima Prefecture
1955 establishments in Japan
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
Catholic universities and colleges in Japan
Fukushima (city)
Roman language may refer to:
Latin, the language of Ancient Rome
Languages of the Roman Empire
Romance languages, the languages descended from Latin, including French, Spanish and Italian
Romanesco dialect, the variety of Italian spoken in the area of Rome
See also
Romang language, a language of Indonesia
Romani language, the language of the Romani people
Romanian language, the language of Romania
Romansh language, an official language of Switzerland
Poverty in Haiti is a long lasting issue that affects the residents on a daily basis playing a significant role in their everyday lives. Issues including housing, nutrition, education, healthcare, infant mortality rates, and environmental factors are very common amongst the poorest communities in the nation. Haiti has long struggled with poor living conditions in the more rural areas of the country causing many Haitians to migrate towards the capital city of Port-au-Prince. Poverty in Haiti is regarded as among the most severe in the Western hemisphere.
Agriculture
With a terrain more mountainous than Switzerland, Haiti has a limited amount of arable land. According to soil surveys conducted by the United States Department of Agriculture in the early 1980s, 11.3% of the land was highly suitable for crops, while 31.7% was suitable with some restrictions related to erosion, topography, or conservation. The surveys revealed that 2.3% was mediocre because of poor drainage, but was acceptable for rice cultivation, while 54.7% was appropriate only for tree crops or pastures due to severe erosion or steep slopes. According to estimates of land use in 1978, 42.2% of land was under constant or shifting cultivation, 19.2% was pasture land, and 38.6% was not cultivated.
The use of purchased inputs, such as fertilizers, pesticides, machinery, and irrigation, is rare due to farmers in Haiti employing more traditional agricultural methods. Haiti utilizes more traditional cultivation methods than any other country in the Western Hemisphere due to the cost and absence of modern equipment. Small farmers also lack timely access to credit which impacts their ability to capitalize on certain crops and growing seasons. When credit is available, it is usually provided at usurious rates which gave rise to the local informal credit industry. The country's major public financial institutions provide loans to the agricultural sector, but benefit less than 10% of all farmers. Major credit sources included the Agricultural Credit Bureau, agriculture credit societies, credit unions, cooperatives, and institutions created by nongovernmental organizations.
CIA World Factbook
In 2015, the gross domestic product in Haiti was estimated to be US$18.54 billion by The World Factbook, ranked 146 (out of 230 countries) in the world. Although GDP growth in Haiti is among the fastest in the region, it has not been sufficient to significantly reduce poverty rates.
France bankrupt Haiti making them pay an estimated $21 billion today. The country spent the next century paying off the debt to its former slave owners, France.
United Nations Development Program
The United Nations Development Program estimated the national poverty rate in 2014 at 58.6%, with those living in abject poverty at 24.7%.
Key reported figures of the UNDP Millennium Development Goals (MDG) are as follows:
The richest 1% of Haitians possesses the same wealth as the bottom 45% of the income distribution. There is a new baseline of poverty in Haiti, based on consumption. The national poverty rate is 58.6%, and the extreme poverty rate is 24.7%.
The net enrollment rate in primary education has increased steadily from 47% in 1993 to 88% in 2011. The number of children vaccinated against measles increased from 25.80% in 1987 to 85% in 2013. In rural areas, 75% of child births are still without the assistance of qualified personnel in obstetrics. In urban areas, the majority of women give birth with medical assistance—nearly 60%. HIV/AIDS prevalence has stabilized between young Haitians aged 15–24 years, from 1% in 2006 to 0.9% in 2012.
Corruption
In 2014, Haiti ranked as the fifteenth most corrupt country in the world by Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index with a CPI score of 19, compared to the United States' score of 74. The Corruption Perceptions Index measures the perceived levels of public sector corruption worldwide. No country achieves a perfect score, and more than two-thirds score below 50 on a scale from 0 (very corrupt) to 100 (very little corruption).
Studies conducted by Transparency International show a strong correlation between corruption and poverty. Corruption can affect several sectors of a nation causing problems in the social, political, and economic spheres. Widespread corruption can lead to factors that inhibit national succession such as: lower economic growth rates, a biased tax system, a wide disparity between the rich and the poor, the lackluster implementation of social programs, lower welfare spending, and unequal access to education.
Although Haiti has a high economic growth rate for the region, several social programs, and decreasing educational cost, studies have shown that international donors have been slow to assist Haiti, mainly due to perceived widespread corruption and structural problems present in the country.
The United Nations estimates a total of US$13.34 billion has been earmarked for the 2010 Haiti earthquake that inflicted $7.8 billion in damages, however, two years after the incident, less than half of that amount had been allocated. This is due in a large part to the perceived corruption of the Haitian government, and yet less than 5% of Humanitarian aid was channeled through it. According to the UN Office of the Special Envoy for Haiti, as of March 2012, Humanitarian funding committed or disbursed by bilateral and multilateral donors in 2010 and 2011, only 1% has been pledged to the Haitian Government
Infant mortality
Haiti has long struggled with its abnormally high infant mortality rate even amongst impoverished nations. Haiti's infant mortality rate of 53 deaths per 1,000 live births (in 2011) is the result of the poor healthcare system, extreme poverty, and the impact of the AIDS epidemic. The country made notable progress in health indicators, with infant mortality decreasing 44% since 1990, faster than the global average, according to the 2014 United Nations Development Program report.
Inequality
Haiti ranks 59.5 in the Gini Coefficient index, with the richest 10% of Haitians receiving 47.83% of the nation's income, while the poorest 10% receive less than 0.9%.
See also
Colorism
Mulatto Haitians
Restavek
Social class in Haiti
Structural violence in Haiti
References
The Sheriffs Act () is an act passed by the Parliament of Ireland in 1293, during the reign of Edward I as Lord of Ireland.
The act covered the appointment of sheriffs and bailiffs; alienation without royal licence; enfeoffment; forbade the seneschal of a liberty from also being Justice Itinerant or of the Bench; addressed the collection of the "fifteenth" tax; and took back royal land that had been rented out for too low a sum; and provided that justice.
References
1290s in law
Acts of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801)
1293 in Europe
13th century in Ireland
1290s in Ireland
This is a list of shopping malls on the island of Cyprus (listed in order of total floor area).
References
Larnaca
Cyprus
Shopping malls
This is a list of private and public schools in the Buffalo, New York, metropolitan area.
Amherst, New York
The Park School of Buffalo, a progressive, prekindergarten through grade 12 independent day school in Amherst founded in 1912 by one of John Dewey's students.
Catholic schools
Buffalo Academy of the Sacred Heart
Jewish schools
Kadimah Jewish Day School
Colleges
Bryant & Stratton College
Daemen College
Erie Community College - North campus
Medaille College - Branch campus
University at Buffalo - North campus
D'Youville College
Athol Springs, New York
Saint Francis High School
Hamburg, New York
Immaculata Academy
Frontier Central School District
Hamburg Central School District
Colleges
Hilbert College
Kenmore, New York
Mount Saint Mary Academy
Lancaster, New York
St. Mary's High School
Orchard Park, New York
Colleges
Bryant & Stratton College
Erie Community College - South campus
Tonawanda, New York
Cardinal O'Hara High School
West Seneca, New York
Colleges
Houghton College
References
Education in Buffalo, New York
Gerhard Nenning (29 September 1940 in Lech – 22 June 1995 in Bregenz) was an Austrian former alpine skier who competed in the 1964 Winter Olympics (6th in the giant slalom, 7th in the downhill and 7th in the slalom) and 1968 Winter Olympics (8th in the giant slalom, 9th in the slalom).
Biography
He could win the silver medal in the Alpine Combined in that 1964 Winter Olympics, but that medal did only count for the FIS Alpine Skiing World Championships. In another FIS Alpine Skiing World Championships he could achieve a silver medal in the Alpine Combined and bronze medal in the slalom (and placed 5th in the downhill and 8th in the giant slalom) in 1962, and place 7th in the downhill and 13th in the slalom in 1966 (he didn't finish the second leg in the giant slalom).
Before establishing the World Cup, he did win several relevant races like the slalom at Kitzbühel in 1961, die Alpine Combined at Kitzbühel in 1962, the giant slalom at Madonna di Campiglio in 1963, the Alpine Combined at Wengen in 1964, the slalom and Alpine Combined at St. Anton am Arlberg in 1965, the slalom at Mürren and the slalom at Banff (all in 1966). He could win another downhill race on February 12, 1967, in the so-called "Alpen Cup" at Bad Gastein (a race outside of the World Cup). He became an Austrian Champion in the Combined 1963 and in the downhill 1967.
In the World Cup he could gain his first points when he was placed 8th in the downhill at Wengen on January 14th, 1967. He won three downhill races and became 4th in the downhill World Cup 1967 but won the downhill World Cup in the next year (and became 4th in the overall World Cup). For he did win the high-class downhill races at Wengen (January 13, 1968) and at Kitzbühel (January 20th, 1968), the previous downhill races of the Olympic downhill race, he was a cofavorite but he couldn't show his performance at Chamrousse and had to be content with the disappointing ninth place. Because winning the finish downhill race of the season, on March 15, at Aspen he could achieve the Downhill World Cup 1967-68. He did retire after the season 1969-70.
References
External links
1940 births
1995 deaths
Austrian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Austria
Alpine skiers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup champions
People from Bludenz District
Sportspeople from Vorarlberg
This is a discography of Die Fledermaus, an operetta by Johann Strauss II, which was first performed on 5 April 1874 at the Theater an der Vienna in Vienna.
Recordings
References
Recordings of Die Fledermaus on operadis-opera-discography.org.uk
Opera discographies
Fledermaus Discography
Stuart Baker may refer to:
E. C. Stuart Baker (1864–1944), British ornithologist and police officer
Stuart Daniel Baker or Unknown Hinson (born 1954), American musician, comedian, and actor
Stuart P. Baker, United States Navy officer
Stuart Baker (Australian actor), portrayed "Richo" in the Australian TV series Blue Heelers
See also
Stewart Baker (born 1947), American attorney, federal government official, and author
Batrachedra acrodeta is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found on Samoa.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths of Oceania
Moths described in 1927
No Regrets are the fourth album by the American pop group The Walker Brothers. The album was released in 1975 and was the group's first together since 1967. It reached number forty-nine on the UK Albums Chart and includes the single "No Regrets". The single backed with the non-album B-side "Remember Me" became the group's final significant hit single, reaching #7 in the UK Singles Chart in early 1976.
The album was significantly different from the group's 1960s work. While the arrangements were still grandiose and often utilised an orchestra, the general musical styles were Country and Pop music. The album was also their first not to include original compositions by either Scott Walker or John Walker. John Walker's only new song "Remember Me" was included as the B-side to "No Regrets". The group's following album Lines did include a lone John Walker composition under a pseudonym, Scott however, would not contribute new songs until 1978's Nite Flights. No Regrets and Lines instead feature cover versions from a variety of contemporary songwriters.
Reception
No Regrets received mixed reviews from the majority of critics. Dave Thompson writing retrospectively for Allmusic praised the title track calling it "brilliant" and "a gargantuan slab of maudlin sadness that wrung every last iota of pain from Scott's voice". Thompson criticised the rest of the album saying it "stunk", but did praise "He'll Break Your Heart" and "Burn Our Bridges".
Track listing
Personnel
John Walker, Judd Proctor, Len Walker, Scott Walker - acoustic guitar
Alan Parker - acoustic and electric guitar
Bones (Suzanne Lynch, Brigette du Doit, Janice Slater, Joy Yates) - backing vocals
Daryl Runswick - bass
Steve Gray - acoustic piano, string arrangements, conductor
Barry Morgan - drums
Dougie Wright - drums, percussion
Ritchy Hitchcock - electric guitar
B.J. Cole - pedal steel
David Katz Orchestra - orchestra
Chris Karan, Gary Walker - percussion
Dave MacRae - electric piano
Technical
Phil Harding - engineer
Michael Joseph - photography
Charts
Release details
References
1975 albums
The Walker Brothers albums
GTO Records albums
The 2013–14 Alaska Aces season is the 28th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Key dates
2013
November 3: The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium, Robinson Place Manila.
Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters acquired the rights to Alaska's 2013 second round draft pick (turned out to be John Paul Erram).
Alaska Aces acquired the rights to Talk ‘N Text's 2015 second round draft pick.
November 27: PBA fined Alaska Aces players (₱ 1,000 each), Gabby Espinas and Calvin Abueva, for their respective technical fouls. (1st technical foul of both players in the 2013–14 PBA Philippine Cup)
December 12: PBA fined Alaska Aces head coach Luigi Trillo and Cyrus Baguio (₱ 1,000 each), for their respective technical fouls. (1st technical foul of the two in the 2013–14 PBA Philippine Cup)
2014
May 25: Luigi Trillo resigned as head coach due to family reasons and was replaced by Alex Compton.
June 4: Alaska Aces lost by 51 points (72-123) against Rain or Shine Elasto Painters. Making the game the fourth-most lopsided beating in PBA history, and the biggest margin of victory in 28 years, or since Shell annihilated Tanduay, 154-100, on November 16, 1986. Likewise, it's the franchise's biggest win, and the worst defeat for Alaska in their existence in the PBA.
Draft picks
Roster
also serves as Alaska's board governor.
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Commissioner's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Governors' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Bracket
Game log
Transactions
Recruited imports
References
Alaska Aces (PBA) seasons
Alaska Aces Season, 2013-14
Hillel Levine is an American social scientist, rabbi, and author. He was Professor of Religion at Boston University, where he served as the first director of the Center for Judaic Studies. In addition to books on Jewish history, he authored studies on social theory, comparative historical sociology, and the social epistemology of Judaism. He also served as Deputy Director for Museum Planning of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, in which capacity he contributed to the preliminary planning of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
Early life and education
Levine was born on May 28, 1946 in Flushing, Queens. He studied with the rabbi and theologian Abraham Joshua Heschel, whom he called "my beloved teacher," at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, where he received rabbinic ordination. He also studied with Hannah Arendt at The New School for Social Research, where he took a master's degree. In 1974, he earned a PhD in sociology and Jewish history at Harvard University, where he wrote a dissertation on Menachem Mendel Lefin, described in its title as “a case study of Judaism and modernization.”
Career
After receiving his PhD, Levine taught sociology and Jewish history at Yale University, where he founded a program in Judaic Studies. He taught at Yale until 1980, when he became Deputy Director for Museum Planning of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council in Washington, serving as preliminary planner of what would become the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. Levine helped to shape the museum's approach to presenting the Holocaust to children by inviting the television host Fred Rogers to discuss recommendations with psychologists and teachers at a conference in 1982 that Levine organized in collaboration with the National Institute of Mental Health. In 1982, he became Professor of Religion at Boston University.
While conducting research in Poland in 1979, Levine discovered the Kronika of the movement of Jacob Frank, a text which the scholar Gershom Scholem thought had vanished, in an eighteenth-century manuscript that a local priest had recently sold to the Public Library in Lublin. The Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities published Levine's translation of the text in 1984 as The Kronika: On Jacob Frank and the Frankist Movement. In 1991, Levine then published Economic Origins of Antisemitism: Poland and its Jews in the Early Modern Period with Yale University Press. In 1992, he published The Death of an American Jewish Community: A Tragedy of Good Intentions, co-authored with Boston Globe columnist Lawrence Harmon. Levine then traveled all over the world to conduct research in archives and conduct interviews to write a biography of Chiune Sugihara, a Japanese diplomat in Lithuania who helped thousands of Jews flee Europe during World War II. The book, In Search of Sugihara: The Elusive Japanese Diplomat Who Risked His Life to Rescue 10,000 Jews from the Holocaust, was published in 1996. The New York Review of Books praised Levine's “exhaustive research.” Sugihara's family objected to some elements of the book, however, resulting in a lawsuit in Japan.
Selected bibliography
References
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American historians
Boston University faculty
1946 births
Living people
Jewish Theological Seminary of America alumni
The New School alumni
Harvard University alumni
Yale University faculty
American historians of religion
Historians from New York (state)
People from Flushing, Queens
Writers from Queens, New York
21st-century American rabbis
Historians of Jews and Judaism
American sociologists
Rabbis from New York City
20th-century American rabbis
Khosrov bey Pasha bey oglu Sultanov (; 1879 – 1943), also spelled as Khosrow Sultanov, was an Azerbaijani statesman, General Governor of Karabakh and Minister of Defense of the Azerbaijani Democratic Republic.
Early life
Major General Sultanov was born on May 10, 1879 in Kurdhaji settlement of Zangezur uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate (present day Lachin, Azerbaijan). Khosrov bey studied religion from early stages of his life. His father then sent him to school in Shusha. Sultanov first completed his education in Shusha and relocated to Elisavetpol to study at a gymnasium. After completion of his secondary education, he moved to Odessa and studied at the Odessa Military School graduating with a degree in Medical Therapy.
During World War I, Sultanov led the Baku Muslim Relief Foundation of the Council for Placement of Refugees from Caucasian Front, set up in Tiflis to help with accommodation and relief of the refugees.
In 1917, he joined Musavat Party and participated its first congress. He was also elected as a deputy to Transcaucasian Seim.
Political career
Minister of Defense
Sultanov was one of the signatories of the Declaration of Independence of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic in Tiflis on May 28, 1918. He was appointed the Minister of Defense in the first government of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. Although the office of the Minister of Defense was not officially established on paper, Khosrov bey assumed the duties of the minister until June 11, 1918. The Ministry of Defense was officially established on October 23, 1918 and office of the Minister of Defense was formally inaugurated on November 7, 1918 when Fatali Khan Khoyski took the office.
During his term as Defense Minister, Sultanov was to undertake the formation of the army. According to the parliament approved plan, the most important structures and divisions were to be established by November 1, 1919. Within the time given, two infantry divisions consisting of three regiments, artillery division, special telegraph, cavalry and machine gun platoons, railway battalions were to be created. Sultanov frequently visited the army units and checked the progress of army establishment.
Governor General of Karabakh and Zangezur
In January 1919, the British forces commander General William M. Thomson approved Sultanov's appointment as provisional Governor General of Karabakh and Zangezur (control over the latter was ultimately never established), pending a final decision at the Paris Peace Conference. This decision was strenuously opposed by the local Armenian community, led by the Karabakh Council, which favored unification with the Democratic Republic of Armenia, the Armenian government itself, as well as a number of American diplomats and relief officials working in the region, who cited his past collaboration with the Ottoman armies that had occupied the area in 1918. In response to criticism of Armenian leaders, Thomson said: "The fact is that in Azerbaijan some Armenians are much disappointed that the British occupation is not an opportunity for revenge. They are reluctant to accept it that the peace conference is going to decide and not military forces."
In mid-April 1919, conflicts in the Zangezur uezd began as Armenians and Muslim inhabitants clashed. The fighting resulted in the expulsion of the Muslims of central Zangezur down to steppes in the east and across the river to Persia. Sultanov requested his government to act and the de facto provisional Azerbaijani rule over Karabakh under Sultanov was recognized by the Allies.
Tension in Karabakh
Sultanov, however, was a widely hated figure by the Armenians of Karabakh, objected to his threats to compel them to fully submit to Azerbaijani rule. Tensions reached a high point on June 3, when Sultanov ordered his troops to encircle the Armenian quarter of Shusha and demanded that the members of the Karabakh Council and the Armenian militiamen holed up there to surrender. The Armenian barricades and the British military mission came under fire, but Sultanov's troops were unable to dislodge the defenders. Although the Karabakh Council relented on June 4, the next day Sultanov called on the cavalry commanded by his brother, Sultan, to attack the nearby Armenian villages of Khaibalikend, Krkejan, Pahliul, Jamillu, leaving at least six hundred Armenians dead and the settlements in ruins. Amid protests by Armenians and American relief officials, Sultanov was recalled to Baku. Conflicting reasons are given for this: the Azerbaijani government insisted that they had recalled him for consultations; the British command in Tiflis announced that he had been deprived of his position and was facing charges; while American reports stated that he had been arrested and imprisoned.
Though Sultanov denied any wrongdoing, an investigation carried out by the British military concluded that he had instigated the massacres to take place. But by the end of June, Sultanov had returned to his post to resume his activities, presumably with the support of Colonel D.I. Shuttleworth, Thomson's successor; seeing that further resistance was futile, the Karabakh Armenians agreed to submit to provisional Azerbaijani rule in the region in exchange for their cultural and civic rights. Among other things, the compact stipulated that Sultanov establish a joint Armeno-Muslim administrative council which would limit the movement of the Azerbaijani forces in the region. The agreement was signed on August 22, 1919. Sultanov, in turn, appointed an Armenian as his assistant in civil affairs in addition to three Armenians who were to serve on the council established by the agreement. The earlier blockades to Armenian areas were also lifted.
Although relations started to normalize, enmity between the communities remained with Armenian nationalist resentment towards the Karabakh leadership and Azerbaijani desire for permanent rule rising. Despite the agreement, Sultanov almost immediately violated all these terms; he increased the sizes of Azerbaijani garrisons in Shusha and Khankendi and moved his forces without the council's approval.
In the beginning of 1920, Sultanov intensified his efforts to bring control of the region under Azerbaijani rule by issuing an ultimatum to the Armenian National Council. In early 1920, the Paris Peace Conference had recognized Azerbaijan's de facto claim to Karabakh. But since the conference had ended without issuing a conclusive decision on Karabakh, Sultanov advocated for a local solution, one which demanded that the region be incorporated into Azerbaijan. He bolstered the size of the garrisons at Khankendi and continued to move his troops around, once more without the required consent of his administrative council. Ethnic tension in Karabakh heightened once more, as Azerbaijani troops lynched and killed several Armenians in Khankendi and pillaged the surrounding areas in February of that year. In early March, after a delegation of Karabakh Armenians met in the village of Shosh and rejected the possibility of union with Azerbaijan, Sultanov sought to tighten his control of Karabakh: he forbade Armenians from leaving Shusha without permission, stationed Azerbaijani troops in Armenian homes, ordered Armenian veterans of the former Russian Army to register so that they may not partake in military activities, and drew up plans to destroy several Armenian villages to sever the link between Armenians in Karabakh and the region of Zangezur. In March 1920, mass killings of the Armenian population took place in the Shusha massacre.
Post-sovietization
In late April 1920, the 11th Red Army effortlessly entered Azerbaijan and proclaimed it a Soviet republic. Upon hearing this, Sultanov abandoned his loyalty to the Musavat Party, declared himself the chairman of the "Karabagh Revolutionary Committee" and extended felicitations to the Azerbaijani Revkom leader Nariman Narimanov in Baku. He claimed that "revolutionary Karabagh" was now waiting impatiently for the establishment of Soviet order and desired to unite with Soviet Azerbaijan. Narimanov, however, was not convinced by Sultanov's declarations, and on May 14 he appointed Dadash Bunyadzade as extraordinary commissar for Karabakh and ordered him to liquidate Sultanov's self-styled Revkom.
Later years
Following persecution by the Bolsheviks, Sultanov managed to flee to Turkey in 1923 and from then on, lived in Iran, France and Germany. In Germany, he was a professor at a medical university. In 1941–1945, during World War II, he played a significant role in bringing Azerbaijani prisoners of war back to Azerbaijan.
After long time in Europe, Sultanov went back to Turkey in 1936 and died in Istanbul in 1943.
See also
Azerbaijani Army
Ministers of Defense of Azerbaijan Republic
List of massacres in Azerbaijan
Notes
1879 births
1947 deaths
People from Qashatagh
Russian Constituent Assembly members
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic politicians
Generals of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic
Ministers of Defense of Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani emigrants to Turkey
Azerbaijani nobility
Burials at Feriköy Cemetery
Azerbaijani generals of Imperial Russian Army
The China Dragon () was a professional ice hockey team which played its home games in three cities in China, including Harbin, Qiqihar, and Shanghai. The team was a member of Asia League Ice Hockey between 2007 and 2017. The team was formed in 1954 as two clubs, Harbin and Qiqihar, as part of the China League. In 2004, the clubs joined Asia League Ice Hockey and in 2007 they merged into a single club, China Sharks, backed by the National Hockey League's San Jose Sharks for financial reasons. The team was renamed the China Dragon in 2009 when San Jose pulled out. The team was dissolved following the 2016–17 Asia League Ice Hockey season, after which KHL club Kunlun Red Star became the primary Chinese ice hockey team.
History
The China Dragon began their history as two separate teams, both playing in China.
Qiqihar
Qiqihar Ice hockey team was founded in 1954 and captured 28 championships in the China League. Their mascot was the snow leopard. The team joined Asia League Ice Hockey in the 2004–2005 season. They played out of the Qiqihar Gymnasium. The season was opened in the two Chinese rinks. They played 42 games in their initial season only winning a single game and finished in last place with four points. Their only win came against fellow Chinese team, Harbin. They gave up a staggering 326 goals while only managing to score 53. Fu Nan led his team in scoring with eight goals. Liu Henan had eight assists and 14 points. The team also gave up the most short handed goals while being the only team who didn't score any. The team rotated coaches from game to game rather than have a single coach lead the team for the season. The team had three import players on the roster, but only two of them each played a single game during the season.
As part of the Nordic Vikings entry into the league, Qiqihar sent three players to play on their team for the 2005–2006 season. In return, the Vikings provided three players, a coach and an official to Qiqihar. While improving on their first year's showing, the team still finished in last place with 11 points. With the schedule reduced to 38 games, the team gave up 278 goals while scoring 61. Their success came mainly against Harbin, but they managed an overtime loss to Kangwon Land from South Korea who were playing in their first season. The team stopped fielding their Swedish exchange players after their November 28, 2005 game against Anyang Halla. However, Anders Westerlund continued to coach the team until the end of the season. The team was led in scoring by Jayden Der with 11 goals and 15 points. Guo Xin had the most assists with nine. For the second year in a row the team gave up the most short handed goals while being the only team not to score one.
There were several changes to the team in the 2006–2007 season. The Nordic Vikings left the league which means the player and staff that were exchanged were no longer available to them. The team also gained new sponsorship. Their name was changed to "Changchun Fuao" and they moved to Changchun, the future site of the 2007 Asian Winter Games. The league reduced the number of games played to 34. Changchun Fuao slid backwards from the previous season and only won two games. Both wins came against Hose, formerly Harbin, and they finished with six points. On December 3, Changchun was involved in a bench-clearing brawl against the Nikko Ice Bucks. Five Ice Bucks players received game misconduct penalties while seven Changchun players received the same and one Changchun player, Fu Nan, received a match penalty. The league later suspended all of the penalized players for one game, except for Fu who received a two-game suspension. Lie Henan again led the team with 20 points and also led scoring with 13. Fu Nan led with nine assists. Fuao did improve in the short handed goals department. They gave up the most of any team, but managed to score six during the season which put them ahead of the Nikko Ice Bucks who only scored three. With the departure of their year-long coach from Sweden, the team was back to switching coaches during the season. Due to financial difficulty the team merged with Hosa at the end of the 2006–2007 season to form the China Sharks.
Harbin
Like Qiqihar, Harbin Ice hockey team was also founded in 1954 and took part in the China League. They had the most championship wins in Chinese hockey. Harbin took their name from Harbin City and played out of the Harbin Ice Hockey Rink. They joined Asia League Ice Hockey in the 2004–2005 season. In their first season of 42 games they finished in seventh place with 26 points. They had seven wins, including two against the Nikko Ice Bucks. They scored 91 goals while allowing 225. Unlike Qiqihar, Harbin used import players on their team. Tomas Hruby finished sixth in the league and led the team with 23 goals, 19 assists and 42 points. Harbin also led the league in short handed goals with nine. Captain Yin Kai was absent from two games on December 4 and 7 during which time the team played with no captain on the ice. On December 11, 2004 Wang Dahai began filling the position of captain. In contrast to Qiqihar, Harbin maintained the same coach through the season.
In their second season, 2005–2006, Harbin again won seven of their 38 games. Including three games against new Korean entry, Kangwon Land. They scored 68 goals while allowing 198. They also received three players, a coach and official from the Nordic Vikings organization. The Swedish coach took over for the year and their coach from the previous year worked as an assistant coach. Yin Kai returned to the Harbin line-up on November 23, 2005 and after a couple of games he resumed the position of captain on December 1. Harbin removed the Swedish players from their roster after the December 13 game against the Nippon Paper Cranes. Du Chao was the team leader with 13 goals and 18 points. Wang Dahai recorded 13 assists. After the previous year's strong showing in short handed goals, Harbin finished near the bottom with only 2.
Harbin was sponsored by the Hosa sporting goods company in the 2006–2007 season. As part of the sponsorship deal the team moved to Beijing and changed their name to Hosa. It was announced that they would still play some home games in Harbin. Their new home was the Hosa Skating Center. Of the 34 games that Hosa played they won six and finished in seventh place with 19 points, scoring 86 goals while allowing 188. They were swept by three of the four Japanese teams. With the departure of their Swedish imports, Hosa brought Tomas Hruby back to the roster. He led the team with 22 goals again finishing sixth in the league. Juri Hubacek finished sixth in assists with 35 and eight in points overall with 51. Hruby finished in eighth place with 50 points. For the second time in their three-year history in the league the team was leading in the league in short handed goals, tied for 10 with two other teams. The team played six of their 17 home games in Harbin. At the end of the season they merged with Chanchun Fuao to form the China Sharks.
China Sharks
Under the management of the Chinese Ice Hockey Association, players were selected from the two teams to form the new team, originally sponsored by Hosa Sports. As a result of negotiation between the Chinese Association and the San Jose Sharks, the NHL team agreed to send five players and three coaches to the Chinese team, in exchange for the team naming rights. The team's logo is similar to the Cleveland Barons, a previous affiliate of the Sharks.
By merging the only two professional hockey clubs in China, the China Sharks essentially became the Chinese national team which would compete in the Asia League Ice Hockey and eventually in the Olympics. Since this sounded like a truly unique experience to teach and spread the game of hockey into Asia while expanding into a new market, the parent company of the San Jose Sharks, Silicon Valley Sports and Entertainment, made a decision to send players and coaches to China prior to the 2007–08 season.
The partnership between the San Jose Sharks and China's national team happened largely through the work of China Sharks' GM Chris Collins. While working for the San Jose Sharks, Collins investigated China's athletic market and was able to convince San Jose Sharks' President Greg Jamison that the club should invest in China. After the partnership became official, Collins soon moved to China and became GM of the new club. The team now has two major offices in Shanghai which employ marketing and operations professionals.
Though the team played its first season in Beijing, it moved into a new arena called Songjiang Stadium in the Songjiang District of Shanghai for the 2008–09 season. On October 11, 2008, the China Sharks played the first home game in their new arena, beating the Seibu Prince Rabbits by a score of 3–1. Prior to this, the team held its 2008–09 training camp in the northern Chinese city of Suihua. Also before the 2008–09 season, three China Sharks players trained in the United States at the San Jose Sharks rookie training camp in Oakland, California. Cui Zhinan, Lui Heenan, and Wang Jiang, all came to spread awareness of the team and skate with the club each afternoon. The men stayed for different periods of time, with some staying as long as ten days.
The San Jose Sharks' decision to partner with the Chinese national team was not the first initiative by an NHL team to spread hockey into Asia. In 2006, the New York Islanders helped launch Project Hope, an initiative which included building several rinks, providing hockey equipment, coaching, and providing English classes to those living in the Heilongjiang Province of China. Like the New York Islanders, the San Jose Sharks plan to work with the Chinese government and local investors to build youth and industrial leagues across China. Also a part of this plan would be to help develop rinks and other hockey venues to encourage the game. While the game has been somewhat popular in northern China, the game is relatively unknown in southern parts of the country. Part of these initiatives will be to help spread hockey throughout all of China. At the current time, the New York Islanders and the San Jose Sharks are the only two NHL teams with a presence in China.
The China Sharks' eventual goal is to prepare its young Chinese players to eventually compete in the winter Olympics. However, the level of play in China is still significantly lower than in other countries. In 2008–09, the China Sharks finished near the bottom of the Asia League Ice Hockey, winning only five of their thirty-six regular-season games.
China Dragon (2009–2017)
The team was renamed the China Dragon in 2009 when San Jose pulled out its financial backing.
In the 2008–09 season, the Dragon was making limited progress: they won seven of their 36 contests, good enough for 23 points, three more than the last-place Nikkō Ice Bucks of Japan. In 2009–10, however, China managed only one win – the only victory the club would get in their next five seasons, a span of 192 matches. Dragon would compile an imperfect record in 2013–14, losing all 42 matches in regulation and being outscored 340–58.
Dragon snapped their long losing streak on September 23, 2014, with a 4–3 overtime win over High1. Brett Parnham scored a hat-trick, including the game-winner. China finished the 2014–15 season still deep in last place, but they did manage eight wins on the season against 40 defeats. In 2015–16, Dragon's record was about the same, seven wins in 48 matches and another last-place finish; Brett Parnham's 21 goals was good enough to place in the AIHL top 10.
China Dragon was dissolved following the 2016–2017 season, leaving the just-created KHL club Kunlun Red Star as the premier ice hockey club in China. In Dragon's ten years of existence, they played 402 matches and won only 33 (21 in regulation, eight in overtime and four in shootouts) while losing 369 (349 in regulation and ten each in overtime and shootouts) for an .082 winning percentage.
Year-by-year record
complete records for previous seasons
Qiqihar (AL Hockey 2004–2007)
Harbin (AL Hockey 2004–2007)
China Dragon (AL Hockey 2007–2017)
*prior to the 2008–09 season, there were no shoot-outs and games ended in a tie
Team leaders
Qiqihar
Harbin
China Dragon
Import players
Fedower Commidatolv 2004–05, F
Lukas Dvorak 2004–05, D
Tomas Hruby 2004–05, 2006–07, F
Demitory Silimarch 2004–05, F
Kamil Stastny 2004–05, F
Jayden Der 2005–06, F
Robert Horak 2006–07, D
Jiri Hubacek 2006–07, F
Jason Beeman 2007–09, RW
Kelly Guard 2007–08, G
Kevin Korol 2007–09, C/LW
Dan Knapp 2007–08, D
Keegan McAvoy 2007–08, LW/RW
Zach Sikich 2007–08, G
Kevin Du 2008–09, RW
Wade Flaherty 2008–09, G/Assistant Coach (former Sharks/Islanders/Lightning/Panthers/Predators)
Claude Lemieux 2008–09, RW (former Canadiens/Devils/Avalanche/Coyotes/Stars/Sharks)
Steve McKenna 2008–09, D/Assistant Coach (former Kings/Wild/Penguins/Rangers)
Adam Taylor 2008–09, LW
Mikhail Nemirovsky 2009, RW
Matus Kadraba 2009–10, RW
Marek Kanich 2009–10, RW
Juraj Strapak 2009–10, LW
Alexey Abramov 2010–11, G
Vadzim Navitski 2010–11, D
Sergei Paklin 2010–11, D
Artsiom Karkotski 2010–11, FW
Dmitriy Dudik 2010–11, FW
Aliaksandr Koushyk 2010–11, FW
Rob McFeeters 2012–13, LW
Rob Jarvis 2012–13, D
Matthew Glasser 2012–13, LW
Ryan Burkholder 2012–13, D
Michael Budd 2013–14, F
Roman Pantyukhov, 2013–14, D
Miles Beason, 2013–14, RW
Rick Soo, 2013–14, F
Brett Parnham 2013–16, C
Alex Westlund, 2014–15, G
Evan Stoflet, 2014–16, D
Matti Näätänen, 2015–17, D
Scott Barney 2016–17, C/RW
Kevin Quick, 2016–17, D
Sources
External links
Ice hockey clubs established in 2007
Asia League Ice Hockey teams
Ice hockey teams in China
2007 establishments in China
Ice hockey clubs disestablished in 2017
2017 disestablishments in China
Jennifer Batu Bawsita (born 24 October 1993 at Montereau Fault Yonne), is a Franco-Congolese athlete, who specializes in the hammer throw.
Biography
She began athletics in 2004 and competed for the club Us Nemours Saint Pierre athletics until 2011, then she was transferred to the club, l'Entente Franconville Césame Val d'Oise. In 2015, she finished third at the Africa Games at Brazzaville. With a hurl of 62.13m. She improved her own record and that of the Congo.
International competitions
Notes and references
External links
FFA profile
1993 births
Living people
People from Montereau-Fault-Yonne
French sportspeople of Republic of the Congo descent
Republic of the Congo female athletes
French female hammer throwers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 African Games
African Games bronze medalists for the Republic of the Congo
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Sportspeople from Seine-et-Marne
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 African Games
Black French sportspeople
BA CityFlyer operates scheduled and charter flights to the following destinations as of December 2020:
List
Scheduled destinations
Charter destinations
BA CityFlyer operates a number of weekend routes from regional airports as well as a program of charter flights on behalf of a number of tour operators:
Terminated destinations
References
Lists of airline destinations
Oneworld affiliate destinations
Tundama may refer to:
Tundama, last cacique of Tundama, Colombia
Duitama, modern name of Tundama, seat of the cacique
Tundama Province, the province of which Duitama is the capital
Our Lady of Czestochowa Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Coventry, Rhode Island (Former Quidnick village), United States.
Founded in 1905, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Providence.
History
In 1905, the Bishop of the Diocese of Providence Matthew Harkins sent Father Francis Kluger to organize the parish. On October 22, 1905, Fr. Francis Kluger began celebrating Mass in the basement of St. John's Church.
The first pastor, Fr. John M. Nowicki arrived in Quidnick on November 2, 1906.
The Gothic style edifice of the church with a seating capacity of 400 was completed in the spring of 1907. As an expression of their great love and devotion to the Mother of God, the Polish immigrants named the church Our Lady of Czestochowa, in honor of Mary's most famous shrine in Poland. The church was blessed and dedicated by Bishop Harkins on April 21, 1907. Fr. Franciszek Chalupka of Webster, Massachusetts, was also present at this solemn occasion.
Pastors
Rev. John M. Nowicki (1905-1907)
Rev. Michael Dutkiewicz (1907-1914)
Rev. Lawrence Malecki (1914-1917)
Rev. Kluger (1917-1921)
Rev. J. Olechnowicz (1921-1922)
Rev. Bronislaus S. Rosiak (1922-1934)
Rev. Joseph J. Glodzik (1934-1948)
Rev. Peter Narewski (1948-1950)
Rev. John T. Borek (1950-1955)
Rev. Anthony D. lwuc (1955-1972)
Rev. Peter Narewski (1972-1986)
Rev. Czesław Leon Kachel (1986-1989)
Rev. Kenneth J. Suibielski (1989-1990)
Rev. John D. Dreher (1990-1999)
Rev. Stephen P. Amaral (1999-2017)
Rev. Jacek Ploch (2017–present)
See also
Catholic Church in the United States
Catholic parish church
Pastoral care
Index of Catholic Church articles
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Official site of the Holy See
Our Lady of Czestochowa - Diocesan information
Our Lady of Czestochowa - ParishesOnline.com
Churches in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence
Polish-American culture in Rhode Island
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England
Churches in Kent County, Rhode Island
The People's Liberation Party-Front of Turkey (, THKP-C) was a Turkish Marxist-Leninist militant organization. It was founded in 1970 by Münir Ramazan Aktolga, Yusuf Küpeli and Mahir Çayan, with the People's Liberation Party of Turkey (THKP) being the political wing, and the People's Liberation Front of Turkey (THKC) being the armed wing.
Kidnapping of Ephraim Elrom
On 17 May 1971, the THKC guerrillas Ulaş Bardakçı, Hüseyin Cevahir, Mahir Çayan, Necmi Demir, Oktay Etiman and Ziya Yılmaz kidnapped Israeli consul Ephraim Elrom. They left an announcement directed "to the Americanist Councile of Ministers" (Turkish: Amerikancı Bakanlar Kuruluna) written by Ulaş Bardakçı and Hüseyin Cevahir. After the Sledgehammer Operation, THKC guerrillas killed Ephraim Elrom on 22 May 1971. Elrom's body was found on the 23 May 1971 in the Hamarat Building, Nişantaşı, İstanbul. After the killing of the consul, the ethnic Zaza actor Yılmaz Güney hid the THKC guerrillas.
Sibel Erkan Affair
The THKC guerrillas left Güney's house the 24 May 1971. On 30 May 1971 Çayan and Cevahir entered a house in Maltepe, İstanbul, and took Sibel Erkan as a hostage. The police and army initiated a rescue operation and had the house under siege for 51 hours. After, they attacked the guerrillas on 1 June 1971. Firstly sniper Cihangir Erdeniz directed 3 shots at Cevahir. After, the forces entered the house and killed Cevahir. Also Çayan was captured.
Trials and escape from prison
After the arrest of THKP-C guerrillas, trials begun. Çayan and Bardakçı asked with execution. But on 29 November 1971, 2 THKO and 3 THKP-C guerillas escaped from prison.
Expulsion of Aktolga and Küpeli from THKP
After the escape Çayan meets with Münir Ramazan Aktolga and Yusuf Küpeli. After the meets, Çayan blamed Aktolga and Küpeli for being Doctorist. With proposal of Çayan, Aktolga and Küpeli exiled from THKP and THKC.
Fall of the Urban Guerrilla team
After the escape Çayan and Bardakçı make a decision. Çayan beings leader of the rural guerrilla units and Bardakçı beings leader of the urban guerrilla units. On 19 February 1971 07:00, Bardakçı killed in Arnavutköy. With this, the urban guerrilla unit of the THKC was defeated.
Kızıldere Affair
A Black Sea rural guerrilla team of the THKC and some THKO guerrillas, kidnapped 2 Canadian and 1 Briton radar technicians in Ünye on 26 March 1972. The revolutionaries were surrounded by Turkish soldiers in Tokat, Niksar, Kızıldere village on 30 March 1972. At first, the soldiers wanted to negotiate with the militants. Then the soldiers opened fire upon the militants, as result of which Mahir Çayan died. After the death of Çayan, the militants killed the technicians. And conflict starts. After the conflict, 9 guerrilla dead. Saffet Alp (from THKP-C) was captured. But after he was killed by soldiers. One of the guerrillas, Ertuğrul Kürkçü, hid and saved himself. But after he was captured on 31 March 1971. Because the father of Kürkçü couldn't find his sons body amongst the dead.
See also
Revolutionary People's Liberation Party/Front
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine
Footnotes
References
1970 establishments in Turkey
1972 disestablishments in Turkey
Banned communist parties
Banned political parties in Turkey
Defunct communist militant groups
Defunct communist parties in Turkey
Economic history of Turkey
Far-left politics in Turkey
Guerrilla organizations
Left-wing militant groups in Turkey
Leninist organizations
Marxist parties
Poecilochirus is a holarctic genus of mites in the family Parasitidae. They are relatively large (ca. 0.5-1mm) and often found on rotting corpses, where they are transported by beetles. Deuteronymphs are characterized by two orange dorsal shields and in many species a transverse band on the sternal shield. The juvenile development consists of a larval stage (three pairs of legs), protonymph, and deuteronymph, but no tritonymph. Females are smaller than males. Males guard female deuteronymphs shortly before these mate, and pairs mate venter-to-venter.
Reportedly, some nematodes in the family Allantonematidae are parasites of mites in this genus. Although some species from this genus have been described and sampled on previous real forensic cases or successional studies on carcasses, their usefulness as a forensic marker in forensic entomology has been recently appreciated.
Phoresy on carrion beetles
At least eight species of the genus are carried from one food source to another by beetles of multiple genera in the family Silphidae, most notably burying beetles. The mite deutonymphs sit on the adult beetles, typically between the coxae or under the elytrons. The beetles breed on carrion, which some species bury. Once arrived on carrion, the mites leave the beetles, feed on the carrion, and develop into adults. The entire life cycle of the mites takes place on the carrion, and the young mites later leave again with the beetles.
The probably best studied species are from the Poecilochirus carabi species complex that consists of at least two species (P. carabi and P. necrophori). In Europe, the two mite species are specialized on two different species of burying beetles, Nicrophorus vespilloides and Nicrophorus vespillo. The mites can recognize their main host beetle species and can produce more offspring along their preferred host beetle. Similarly, two genetic lines of Poecilochirus carabi mites have been reported from North America, which specialize on different sets of Nicrophorus hosts in some populations.
It is debated whether the mites harm the beetles or benefit them. Under certain conditions, the mites appear to protect the beetles' larvae or their food supply from fly larvae, but the presence of mites on beetle-tended carcasses also reduces male beetle life span and the number of beetle offspring.
Species and Identification
There is no recent treatment of the genus Poecilochirus. Identification keys mostly rely on the extent of a dark band across the sternal shield, the size of the dorsal shields, the doral chaetotaxy (mainly the length of the setae), and appendices of the fixed digit of the chelicerae. The first description of all life stages was published by Neumann.
A study of the Poecilochirus carabi complex genetics suggests that the species complex consists of many more than only two species (P. necrophori and P. carabi). The mites from Asia and America that would previously have been identified as P. carabi based on their morphology are from distinct genetic lineages. Data suggest that there may be 17 different P. carabi complex species that are not yet described. In addition, the mites that have been identified as P. subterraneus based on their morphology also likely belong to more than one species.
References
Parasitidae
The blue-and-yellow tanager (Rauenia bonariensis) is a species of bird in the tanager family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil, Paraguay, Bolivia, extreme northern border Chile, and Andean Peru and Ecuador. Some southern region birds migrate northeastwards in the austral winter into eastern Bolivia and northeastern Argentina; also Paraguay where the birds are only migratory non-breeding residents.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Thraupis. It was moved to Pipraeidea based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014. It was moved to Rauenia based on the study published in 2020. It is monotypic in that genus.
References
External links
Photos, videos and observations at Cornell Lab of Ornithologys Birds of the World
Stamps (for Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay) – with ~RangeMap
Photo-High Res; Article incatrail-Peru – "Birds of Machu-Picchu"
blue-and-yellow tanager
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the South Region
blue-and-yellow tanager
blue-and-yellow tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Etienne De Wilde (born 23 March 1958 in Wetteren, East Flanders) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer. De Wilde won races on the road and on the track. He won a silver medal in the madison at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1979
3rd National Amateur Road Race Championships
1980
1st Stage 12 Vuelta a España
1st Grand Prix d'Isbergues
1st Berlare & Nevele
5th Blois-Chaville
1981
1st Omloop van West-Brabant
1st Stage 1a Three Days of De Panne
1st Velaines sur Sambre & Wetteren
1982
1st Flèche Picarde
1st Stage 2 Four Days of Dunkirk
1st Stage 3 Tour de l'Oise
1st Mouscron, Wetteren & Zele
1983
1st Dwars door Vlaanderen
1st Flèche Picarde
1st Stage 3 Tour de l'Oise
1st Destelbergen, Laarne & Sint-Niklaas
5th Gent–Wevelgem
1984
1st Omloop van de Fruitstreken
1985
1st Stage 1 Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme
1st Temse
1986
1st Omnium, National Track Championships
1st Stage 2 Tour de l'Aude
1st Merelbeke
3rd National Road Race Championships
1987
1st Scheldeprijs
1st Nokere Koerse
1st Boucles Parisiennes
1st Stage 2 Tour de l'Oise
1st Hasselt & Ninove
2nd European madison championship (with Stan Tourné)
2nd Gent–Wevelgem
1988
1st National Road Race Championships
1st Omnium, National Track Championships
1st GP Wielerrevue
1st Stage 4 Paris–Nice
1st Stage 2 Tour Méditerranéen
1st Stage 1 Three Days of De Panne
1st Prologue Tour of Belgium
1st Beveren-Leie, Sint-Katelijne-Waver & Scherpenheuvel
1989
Omnium, European Track Championships
1st Overall Étoile de Bessèges
1st Stages 1, 3 & 4
1st Omloop Het Volk
1st Kampioenschap van Vlaanderen
1st Stage 7 Tour de France
1st Stages 1 & 2 Paris–Nice
1st Stages 3a & 6 La Méditerranéenne
1st Stage 4 Tour d'Armorique
1st Aalst, Geraardsbergen, Herselt, Laarne and 's Heerenhoek
4th Wincanton Classic
1990
1st Grand Prix d'Ouverture La Marseillaise
1st Omloop van de Fruitstreken
1st Stage 2 Paris–Nice
1st Stage 3 Tour Méditerranéen
1st Stage 1 Tour of Belgium
1991
1st GP Wielerrevue
1st Stage 3 Tour de France
1st Ronse
1993
World Points Race Champion
1st Wetteren
1994
1st Omloop van het Houtland
1st Coca-Cola Trophy
1st Ennepetal
2nd Points race, National Track Championships
1995
1st Wetteren
European Madison Championship (with Lorenzo Lapage)
1997
1st Rodenkirchen
European Madison Championship (with Frank Corvers)
1998
1st Madison (with Matthew Gilmore), UCI Track World Championships
1st Omloop van het Houtland
1st Dentergem & Stekene
1999
1st Grote Prijs Stad Zottegem
1st Omloop van het Houtland
1st Deurne
2000
European Madison Champion (with Matthew Gilmore)
Olympic Games - Men's Madison (with Matthew Gilmore)
2001
European Madison Champion (with Matthew Gilmore)
Six Days-wins
1983
Six Days of Ghent (with René Pijnen)
1985
Six Days of Ghent (with Stan Tourné)
Six Days of Paris (with Stan Tourné)
1987
Six Days of Ghent (with Danny Clark)
Six Days of Antwerp (with Danny Clark)
1988
Six Days of Köln (with Stan Tourné)
Six Days of Antwerp (with Stan Tourné)
1989
Six Days of Paris (with Charly Mottet)
Six Days of Dortmund (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Munich (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Ghent (with Stan Tourné)
1990
Six Days of Bordeaux (with Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle)
Six Days of Köln (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Stuttgart (with Volker Diehl)
Six Days of Anvers (with Eric Vanderaerden)
1991
Six Days of Bremen (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Ghent (with Tony Doyle)
Six Days of Köln (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Stuttgart (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Antwerp (with Rudy Dhaenens)
1992
Six Days of Bremen (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Ghent (with Jens Veggerby)
1993
Six Days of Antwerp (with Kostantine Khrabzov)
Six Days of Stuttgart (with Andreas Kappes)
1994
Six Days of Antwerp (with Jens Veggerby)
Six Days of Ghent (with Danny Clark)
Six Days of Stuttgart (with Jens Veggerby)
1995
Six Days of Bordeaux (with Frédéric Magné)
Six Days of Ghent (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Munich (with Erik Zabel)
Six Days of Stuttgart (with Danny Clark)
1997
Six Days of Ghent (with Matthew Gilmore)
Six Days of Köln (with Olaf Ludwig)
1998
Six Days of Leipzig (with Andreas Kappes)
Six Days of Milan (with Silvio Martinello)
1999
Six Days of Berlin (with Andreas Kappes)
External links
Official Tour de France results for Etienne De Wilde
1958 births
Living people
People from Wetteren
Belgian male cyclists
Belgian Tour de France stage winners
Belgian Vuelta a España stage winners
Olympic cyclists of Belgium
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Belgium
Olympic medalists in cycling
UCI Track Cycling World Champions (men)
Cyclists from East Flanders
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Belgian track cyclists
20th-century Belgian people
21st-century Belgian people
The following is a timeline of the presidency of Donald Trump during the fourth and last quarter of 2019, from October 1 to December 31, 2019. To navigate quarters, see timeline of the Donald Trump presidency.
Overview
The fourth quarter of Donald Trump's presidency was largely dominated by his impeachment scandal.
Public opinion
Timeline
October 2019
November 2019
December 2019
See also
Presidential transition of Donald Trump
First 100 days of Donald Trump's presidency
List of executive actions by Donald Trump
List of presidential trips made by Donald Trump (international trips)
References
2019 Q4
Presidency of Donald Trump
October 2019 events in the United States
November 2019 events in the United States
December 2019 events in the United States
2019 timelines
Political timelines of the 2010s by year
Articles containing video clips
Completed in 2001, Napier Street Housing is a residential complex in Fitzroy, Victoria, designed by Kerstin Thompson Architects. The design was awarded the RAIA Residential Multiple Award in 2002. The project is a medium-density development which articulates many of Kerstin Thompson's architectural ideologies regarding ideas on the "interstitial" as a mode of thinking around architecture, and a preference for hybrid and complex solutions rather than single expressions. These ideologies resulted in two strong themes, a distinctive entanglement with the idea of context and a creative approach towards dwelling configurations.
Description
The personnel involved in the project include Kerstin Thompson, Michael Archibald and Simone Koch. The design includes eleven dwellings and each one includes a generous roof terrace and flexible options for occupation. The terraces are arrested at two corners by brick skillions, which, along with the use of materials, create a sense of continuity within the design. Running parallel to the rear of the terraces, four dwellings are arranged in two serial lines of extruded three-storey volumes. Large brick faces hover over the street, giving a visual connection to the larger brick forms beyond. The return sides of the radically sloping brick walls reconnect them to the scale of the five intervening terraces. On the lane-way corner, this system is reversed so that the terraces contrast in height to the reversed inclination of the skillion. The project is surrounded at street level by fine-gauge steel fencing which protects small threshold gardens at each dwelling's entry.
Key influences and design approach
Located at the centre of an established residential precinct, this project responds to a variety of neighbouring building types ranging from historic terraces and row houses to converted industrial buildings and post-war housing towers. Napier Street Housing takes the linear disposition of the traditional terrace housing – formal rooms at the front, narrow services rooms into the depth of the block, indented side light court and rear pocket garden – and reconfigures it vertically. The ground floor includes the garages and secondary bedrooms which are placed around narrow internal light courts. The location of the bedrooms has allowed the architect to elevate the main living area to the first floor, where each dwelling leads out to generous open spaces. In response to the uncertainty of occupation often associated with speculative housing, Thompson has created a floor plan with flexible and innovative internal spatial solutions that encourages a variety of forms of use.
In the four detached rear dwellings, Thompson has continued her ongoing examination of appropriate housing models by creating street elevations that act as literal sections of their interior volumes. The change in materials therefore reflects the interior spaces, not only providing contextual engagement but also acting as a public expression of Thompson's ongoing research.
The skillions on either side of the building are reminiscent of Alvar Aalto's work, an influence on Thompson's design. These "bookends" not only draw reference with the chronology of the adjoining context but also serve a formal purpose by creating the outline for the built form.
Awards
RAIA Residential Multiple Award, 2002
References
External links
www.dpcd.vic.gov.au Department of Planning and Community Development – Napier Street Housing
www.architecturemedia.com Architecture Australia – Medium Density
Houses in Melbourne
The Trillium Gap Trail is an American hiking trail in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, in Sevier County, Tennessee. The trail ascends Mount Le Conte, one of the tallest (sixth highest) mountains east of the Mississippi River and passes both Grotto Falls and Trillium Gap before reaching the LeConte Lodge, near the summit. The trail to Grotto Falls is one of the busiest in the national park.
Vital information
The Trillium Gap Trail is one of the five trails leading to the Le Conte massif, which contains four separate peaks in all, the highest of which has an elevation of .
The trail is the only horse trail on Le Conte and is traveled three times a week by llamas transporting supplies to the LeConte Lodge, except during the winter season, when the lodge is temporarily closed.
The trailhead is located inside of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, about from the town of Gatlinburg, Tennessee, off the Roaring Fork Motor Nature Trail.
Landmarks/overlooks
Roaring Fork
Grotto Falls
Trillium Gap
Brushy Mountain (0.4 mile spur trail from Trillium Gap)
Trail synopsis
Trailhead to Grotto Falls
The Trillium Gap Trail begins its journey up the northern face of Mount Le Conte in an old-growth Eastern Hemlock grove, at an elevation close to 3,200 ft (975 m). Although very easy (only rising in elevation over the first 1.5 miles), this portion of the trail does contain many small creek crossings, so the hiker may want to brush up on his/her rock hopping skills prior to taking on the trail. After the third small stream, Roaring Fork sidles up along the path, signalling the soon-approaching Grotto Falls at . Here Roaring Fork tumbles thirty feet (9 m) over the falls, which the trail actually passes behind on its way to Trillium Gap and points beyond. Grotto Falls is one of the most picturesque waterfalls in the park, and inasmuch can draw quite the crowd on certain days.
Grotto Falls to Trillium Gap
Once the hiker crosses the sometimes treacherous Roaring Fork (particularly after heavy rains), s/he begins a more steady ascent towards Le Conte. The trail here becomes more narrow and progressively rockier, a combination of the gain in elevation and loss of heavy activity along the trail. About a mile past the falls, the path enters into an expansive boulder field, where yet another small creek plummets down towards Roaring Fork. At the trail comes to Trillium Gap, tucked snugly between the peaks of Le Conte and nearby Brushy Mountain. Springtime hikers will be delighted by the brilliant carpeting of wildflowers underneath the American beech grove that dominates the area. The Brushy Mountain Trail extends to the left of the gap, which, if taken less than a half mile, offers excellent views of Le Conte and even the towns of Pigeon Forge and Sevierville from Brushy Mountain.
Trillium Gap to the LeConte Lodge
After leaving Trillium Gap, the trail continues climbing for towards its terminus. Along the way the hiker passes through a heath bald, similar to that found on Brushy Mountain, which is created in exposed, high elevation, areas where the soil is thin and heath family plants dominate. About a mile past the heath bald, the trail enters the fraser and spruce fir zone prevalent in the higher peaks of the Smokies. Fantastic views of the towns of Sevier County are available here when weather permits, sometimes even extending to the outskirts of Knoxville, as the hiker closes in on the LeConte Lodge. The LeConte Lodge provides the only commercial lodging in the national park, as it operates about 10 rustic cabins with no electricity or appliances. The Lodge also operates an office which provides t-shirts and other merchandise for hikers and various amenities for guests of the lodge. For many, this signals the end of their journey, but the actual peaks of Le Conte all have separate trails a short distance from the lodge, with Cliff Tops and Myrtle Point each offering expansive panoramas of the mountains and valleys below.
Maps and Directions
Topographic Maps
The Trillium Gap Trail is shown on the following 1:24,000-scale topographic maps published by the National Park Service:
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Local Hikes Trail Description
Great Smoky Mountains National Park Homepage
Hiking information for Mt. LeConte via Trillium Gap
Hiking trails to Mount Le Conte
Protected areas of Sevier County, Tennessee
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Maurice "Moe" Mitchell is an American activist and musician, currently serving as the National Director of the Working Families Party, a progressive political party known for cross-endorsing candidates through fusion voting. Mitchell has served in the role since April 2018, having succeeded Dan Cantor.
Early life and education
Mitchell was born and raised in Long Beach, New York, the son of Caribbean immigrants. In high school, Mitchell was a member of the Long Island Student Coalition for Peace and Justice. Mitchell earned a Bachelor of Science degree in political science from Howard University.
Career
After college, Mitchell returned to Long Island, where he worked at for the Long Island Progressive Coalition. Mitchell then worked as an organizing director for Citizen Action. During the Ferguson unrest after the shooting of Michael Brown, Mitchell temporarily relocated to Ferguson, Missouri to work with other activists.
In addition to his work in activism and political organizing, Mitchell is a founding member of the hardcore punk band, Cipher, established by Mitchell and several high school classmates in 1996.
In 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Mitchell and the Working Families Party had to recall waves of organizers and canvassers.
Personal life
In 2012, Mitchell's home in Long Beach, New York was destroyed during Hurricane Sandy. Mitchell is vegan.
MF DOOM (Daniel Dumile) and DJ Subroc (Dingilizwe Dumile), legendary MC's/rappers, were Mitchell's older cousins.
References
Working Families Party politicians
Living people
People from Long Beach, New York
Howard University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
North Houston is an Unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States that used to be a distinct community.
Government and infrastructure
The area is served by Harris County Sheriff's Office District I Patrol, headquartered from the Cypresswood Substation at 6831 Cypresswood Drive. The 249 Storefront is located at 7614 Fallbrook Drive in the North Houston community.
Education
Cyfair Independent School District
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Anton Chekhov-class motorship is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after Anton Chekhov.
Four-deck cruise ships manufactured in Austria, 1978–1979.
River cruise ships of the Austrian project Q-056
Overview
References
See also
Rossiya-class motorship (1952)
Rossiya-class motorship (1973)
Dmitriy Furmanov-class motorship
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Baykal-class motorship
Maksim Gorkiy-class motorship
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Austria–Soviet Union relations
Anton Chekhov
This is a list of flags of Hong Kong.
Official flag
Vexillology Association flags
Political flags
Hong Kong protest flags
Historical flags
Governor of Hong Kong
Proposed flags
Hong Kong shipping companies
See also
List of Macanese flags
References
Flags
Lists and galleries of flags
One of Those Nights may refer to:
Music
Albums
One of Those Nights: The Anthology, 2006 greatest hits collection by band UFO
Songs
"One of Those Nights" (Bucks Fizz song), 1981
"One of Those Nights" (Chris Brown song), 2013 song by Chris Brown from his album Fortune
"One of Those Nights" (Juicy J song), 2013
"One of Those Nights" (Tim McGraw song), 2012
"One of Those Nights Tonight", song by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan from her 1997 album Shakin' Things Up
"One of Those Nights" (센척안해), 2018 song by Key featuring Crush from his album Face
See also
One of These Nights (disambiguation)
The Ministry of Archers is the tenth album by Joy Electric, released on August 30, 2005 on Tooth & Nail Records. It is the fourth album of the five-part "Legacy" series. The Moog Voyager was used for the creation of all sounds.
The album was first released on CD on August 30, 2005. It followed with a limited edition 12 inch LP in October 2005, containing 500 copies.
Track listing
References
2005 albums
Joy Electric albums
Tooth & Nail Records albums
Sally Farmer (born 20 May 1976) is a New Zealand former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
New Zealand women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of New Zealand
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The Dufour effect is the energy flux due to a mass concentration gradient occurring as a coupled effect of irreversible processes, named after L. Dufour. It is the reciprocal phenomenon to the Soret effect. The concentration gradient results in a temperature change. For binary liquid mixtures, the Dufour effect is usually considered negligible, whereas in binary gas mixtures the effect can be significant.
References
Thermodynamics
Aleksandar Georgiev (; born 10 October 1997) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a winger for Arda Kardzhali.
Career
Early career
Georgiev was a youth player of hometown team Svetkavitsa Targovishte. He spent one year in Hristo Stoichkov's academy in Vilafranca football club. After that he joined Litex Lovech's academy.
Litex Lovech
Georgiev made his debut coming on as a substitute in the 42nd minute for Litex in a match against Ludogorets Razgrad won by Litex.
CSKA Sofia
On 10 June he and 15 others Litex players joined the refounded CSKA Sofia club. He began the season in the reserve team of the club, which plays in the Bulgarian Second League. He made his debut for the first team on 18 September 2016 against Cherno More Varna coming on as a substitute in the 73rd minute.
International career
On 13 May 2016 he was included in the Bulgaria U21 team for the 2016 Toulon Tournament. He scored his first goal for the U21 side on 11 October 2016 in a match against Romania U21 won by Bulgaria with 2-0.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Association football midfielders
PFC Litex Lovech players
PFC CSKA Sofia players
FC Septemvri Sofia players
SFC Etar Veliko Tarnovo players
FC Arda Kardzhali players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Bulgaria youth international footballers
People from Targovishte
David Denby was an author and a senior lecturer in French at Dublin City University. He retired in 2010.
Reception
Denby wrote Sentimental Narrative and the Social Order in France. The book was reviewed by Sean Quinlan in Eighteenth-Century Studies; he wrote that "Denby's analysis encompasses beautifully crafted readings of sentimental writers such as Baculard d'Arnaud, Jean-Claude Gorgy, François Vernes, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, idéologues Pierre Cabanis and Destutt de Tracy, and post-revolutionary thinkers such as Germaine de Staël." The work was also reviewed in Eighteenth-Century Fiction and in Modern Language Review.
Published works
Books by Denby include:
Sentimental Narrative and the Social Order in France, 1760–1820, Cambridge University Press, 1994.
(joint translator of): Jacques Le Goff et Pierre Nora, Faire de l'histoire, Paris, 1974; Constructing the Past, Cambridge, Cambridge University Press
(translator of) Alain Touraine et al., Solidarité, Paris, 1982: Solidarity, Cambridge, Cambridge University Press
Denby has also written a number of articles, conference proceedings, and book chapters.
References
External links
Official Home Page
Publication list
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Academics of Dublin City University
The Milvian (or Mulvian) Bridge ( or ; or ) is a bridge over the Tiber in northern Rome, Italy. It was an economically and strategically important bridge in the era of the Roman Empire and was the site of the famous Battle of the Milvian Bridge in 312, which led to the imperial rule of Constantine.
Early history
A bridge was built by consul Gaius Claudius Nero in 206 BC after he had defeated the Carthaginian army in the Battle of the Metaurus. In 109 BC, censor Marcus Aemilius Scaurus built a new bridge of stone in the same position, demolishing the old one. In 63 BC, letters from the conspirators of the Catiline conspiracy were intercepted here, allowing Cicero to read them to the Roman Senate the next day. In AD 312, Constantine I defeated his stronger rival Maxentius between this bridge and Saxa Rubra, in the famous Battle of the Milvian Bridge.
During the Middle Ages, the bridge was renovated by a monk named Acuzio, and in 1429 Pope Martin V asked a famous architect, Francesco da Genazzano, to repair it because it was collapsing. During the 18th and 19th centuries, the bridge was modified by two architects, Giuseppe Valadier and Domenico Pigiani.
The bridge was badly damaged in 1849 by Garibaldi's troops, in an attempt to block a French invasion, and later repaired by Pope Pius IX in 1850.
In January 1873 the novelist Henry James, an unlikely yet adequate horseman, made the Ponte Milvio the first of many Roman destinations on horseback. He commented “I can stick on a horse better than I supposed.”
Problems
Love locks
Following the release of the popular book and movie "I Want You" (Ho voglia di te 2006) by author Federico Moccia, couples started - as a token of love - to attach padlocks to a lamppost on the bridge. After attaching the lock, they throw the key behind them into the Tiber. However, after the lamppost partially collapsed in 2007 because of the weight of the padlocks, all parts of the bridge including its balustrades, railings and garbage bins were used. It has continued despite Rome's city council introducing a €50 fine for anyone found attaching locks to the bridge. In 2012 city authorities removed all locks from the bridge. The love lock tradition has since spread around Italy, the rest of Europe and across the globe.
Football violence
The bridge is known as a place where Italian football hooligans known as Ultras from A.S. Roma often attack fans from opposing teams on match days. The lightning attack or puncicata, as it's known in Roman slang, is where a flash mob of Ultras quickly assault another group of fans stabbing them in the buttocks before running away. The bridge is used because its design and locations make it suitable for this type of ambush. In occasion of games played by the other local team S.S.Lazio, the A.S.Roma fans tend to avoid the area, as it is where Lazio Ultras usually gather.
See also
List of Roman bridges
Roman architecture
Roman engineering
References
Sources
External links
Ritual draws sweethearts to Rome bridge article describing the padlock ritual
Google Map
Bridges in Rome
Roman bridges in Italy
Deck arch bridges
Stone bridges in Italy
Bridges completed in the 2nd century BC
110s BC establishments
2nd-century BC establishments in the Roman Republic
2nd-century BC establishments in Italy
Rome Q. I Flaminio
Rome Q. II Parioli
Rome Q. XV Della Vittoria
Rome Q. XVIII Tor di Quinto
Juan Molina (born 14 June 1948) is a former Salvadoran cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Salvadoran male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of El Salvador
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from San Salvador
The second USS Savannah was a frigate in the United States Navy. She was named after the city of Savannah, Georgia.
Savannah was begun in 1820 at the New York Navy Yard, but she remained on the stocks until 5 May 1842, when she was launched. She was one of nine frigates to be built from a prototype design by naval architect William Doughty.
Savannah, with Captain Andrew Fitzhugh in command, joined the Pacific Squadron as flagship in 1844. As the prospect of war with Mexico became imminent, the Squadron moved into position off the California coast. On 7 July 1846, the Squadron captured Monterey without firing a shot. On 8 September 1847, Savannah returned to New York for repairs.
She served as flagship for the Pacific Squadron again from 1849–52. Repairs at Norfolk, Virginia took her into 1853, and on 9 August of that year, she sailed for a three-year cruise on the Brazil Station. In November 1856 she was inactivated, and in 1857, razeed, or reduced to a 24 gun sloop of war. She then served as flagship for the Home Squadron on the east coast of Mexico during 1859 and 1860.
USS Savannah, and two charted steamers fought the small Battle of Anton Lizardo in 1860. Two armed Mexican vessels were captured by the Americans after they were deemed pirates by the Mexican government.
With the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, Savannah was deployed off the coast of Georgia, where she shared in the capture of two Confederate prizes, the schooner, E. J. Waterman, and the ship, Cheshire. On 11 February 1862, Savannah was taken out of active service and placed in use as an instruction and practice ship at the United States Naval Academy.
While in service as a practice ship, one of Savannah's commanding officers, Captain Edward Gabriel André Barrett, wrote and published two texts, still available at present, known for rapid education of voluntary officers: "NAVAL HOWITZER" and "GUNNERY INSTRUCTIONS"
In 1870, after conducting her last training cruise to England and France, she was laid up at the Norfolk Navy Yard. She remained there until sold to E. Stannard and Company of Westbrook, Connecticut, in 1883.
See also
List of sailing frigates of the United States Navy
Sailing ship tactics
Union blockade
Union Navy
References
External links
Log Book of the U.S.S. Savannah, 1865, MS 138 and Log Book of the U.S.S. Savannah, 1868, MS 139 held by Special Collections & Archives, Nimitz Library at the United States Naval Academy
Sailing frigates of the United States Navy
Mexican–American War ships of the United States
Ships of the Union Navy
Ships built in Brooklyn
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
United States Naval Academy
Training ships of the United States Navy
1842 ships
Beuth was a 2-2-2 steam locomotive manufactured by Borsig, first delivered in 1843.
Success
The 24th locomotive by the manufacturer, Beuth ended up being a great success, and its valve design became de facto standard for locomotives for decades to come. By 1846, Borsig had manufactured more than a hundred locomotives.
Replica
In 1912, a replica of the locomotive was constructed which, since that date, has been housed in the German Museum of Technology in Berlin.
References
Steam locomotives of Germany
2-2-2 locomotives
Operation Dawn 6 (Operation Valfajr 6 [عملیات والفجر ۶] in Persian) was a military operation conducted by the forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran against the armed forces of Saddam Hussein's Iraq. It lasted from 22 to 24 February 1984 and, along with Operation Dawn 5, it was part of a larger strategic operation to secure part of the Baghdad–Basra highway, thus cutting two of Iraq's most important cities from each other, and threatening the network supplying the Iraqi military on the front line. Operation Before the Dawn succeeded in capturing some high ground 15 miles from the highway, and Operation Dawn 6 was designed to exploit the Iranians' capture with a breakthrough towards the highway. However, the operation met an Iraqi defence which stood up to every attack, and the Iranians called off the attack after only two days. This led to Operation Kheibar, the re-focus of the Iranian offensive towards Basra directly.
Prelude to the operation
The failures of Iran's five large-scale 1983 offensives to inflict a decisive defeat on the Ba'th regime of Saddam Hussein had angered many in the Iranian government. Only a year before, the Iraqi army had been routed out of the majority of Iran by the regular army and religious militias of the Islamic Republic. The tracts of Iranian territory still held by Iraq in Iran were abandoned on the orders of Saddam Hussein, and the Iraqis retreated to a more defensible line along the old border between the two countries. Many commentators expected that Saddam's army would fall apart as it had done in Iran.
However, the Iraqis, now occupying the significant border defenses, and now fighting for the protection of the nation, as opposed to an offensive into another country, were able to thwart Iranian hopes for a victory in 1983. In fact, with the Iranians themselves on the offensive, Iranian troops were wondering why they were now fighting in another country when they had cleared their own country of a foreign invader (these feelings were not especially pronounced in 1983, but would become apparent as war-exhaustion took its toll in the later years of the war). Also, the Iranians, convinced that victory was imminent, were careless in the way that they conducted their offensive operations. The victories of 1982 had been built on a modest, but solid, co-ordination and co-operation between the regular army of Iran; and the religious militia of the Pasdaran, and the Basij. Human-wave attacks, predominantly by religious fighters, were supported by the tanks, artillery and aircraft that were able to pull off victory. Elan was combined with the necessary support.
However, in 1983, the regular army had been sidelined, and the religious militias were now made the mainstay of the Iranian military. This was because the army had always been seen by the religious government of Iran as a source of possible opposition against the regime, a regime which had only been established in 1979, and which still had plenty of enemies. This meant that, against a formidable Iraqi defence, which should have demanded even more co-operation between the army and the militias, the attack only consisted of World War I-type human-wave attacks; with meagre artillery, tank, and aerial support. In the meantime, Iraq had initiated the first War of the Cities, launching missiles against Iranian cities. The Iranians responded in kind, and this spurned on pressure for an Iranian offensive as soon as possible in 1984.
The fighting
Operation Before the Dawn had succeeded in securing some high ground 15 miles from the highway between Basra and Baghdad. The attack had lasted from 15 to 22 February, and Operation Dawn 6 was launched on the 22nd.
However, the operation, which was intended as the breakthrough operation, was bogged down by a superior Iraqi defence. The Iranians would succeed in capturing individual Iraqi lines of defence, but the Iranians would be too exhausted materially and physically to move before the Iraqis could support the next line of the defence. Eventually, by the 24th, the Iranians were unable to advance any further towards the highway, and were still 10 miles from the highway. The operation was called off on the 24th.
Consequences
The failure of the attack had been anticipated shortly before the attack had even been launched. The Iraqi defences in the area were too strong. However, the attack had succeeded in drawing away men of the Iraqi army from other sectors, including the area defending the Iranian's ultimate prize, Basra. On the 14th, Operation Khaibar succeeded in capturing Majnoon Island, 40 miles from Basra. The attack was contained through an Iraqi counter-attack with Iraqi reserves, employed in tandem with the use of chemical weapons (mustard gas and sarin gas).
Strategically, the attack had brought the Iranians within sight of their primary targets, but the Iraqis always held the upper hand against the poor Iranian attacks. In the end, the Iranians had lost thousands, and had only succeeded in capturing relatively worthless land (with the exception of Majnoon Island). In the end Iran failed to permanently occupy Iraqi lands or to defeat the Iraqi military, it wasn't long before the Iranians came to realize that victory was out of reach. Khomeini accepted the truce.
References
The Iran–Iraq War, 1980–1988 by Professor Efraim Karsh. Published by Osprey Publishing in 2002.
Dawn 6
Petra Huber (born 15 February 1966) is a former professional tennis player from Austria.
Biography
Junior career
Before turning professional, Huber competed with success on the junior circuit. In 1982 she partnered with Judith Polz to make the girls' doubles semi-finals at the Australian Open and quarter-finals at the French Open. She was a semi-finalist in the girls' singles event at the 1983 French Open.
Professional tennis
Huber made her first WTA Tour final at the 1984 Miami Classic, which she lost to Laura Arraya. She reached the round of 16 at the 1984 US Open to obtain her highest career ranking of 37 in the world.
In 1986 she won the Spanish Open as an unseeded player. She had a semi-final win over a young Arantxa Sánchez Vicario, who was appearing in her first WTA main draw, then beat Italian Laura Garrone in the final. In doubles she was a finalist at three WTA events in 1986, for one win, partnering Petra Keppeler in Bregenz.
Representative
At the 1984 Summer Olympics, Huber was Austria's representative in the women's singles demonstration event.
She featured in a total of 12 Fed Cup ties for Austria. This includes Austria's 1986 Fed Cup campaign, in which they made the final eight of the World Group. In the quarter-final she lost a close three set match to Argentina's top player Gabriela Sabatini.
WTA Tour finals
Singles (1-1)
Doubles (2-2)
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Austrian female tennis players
Tennis players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
In mathematics, Weyl's lemma, named after Hermann Weyl, states that every weak solution of Laplace's equation is a smooth solution. This contrasts with the wave equation, for example, which has weak solutions that are not smooth solutions. Weyl's lemma is a special case of elliptic or hypoelliptic regularity.
Statement of the lemma
Let be an open subset of -dimensional Euclidean space , and let denote the usual Laplace operator. Weyl's lemma states that if a locally integrable function is a weak solution of Laplace's equation, in the sense that
for every smooth test function with compact support, then (up to redefinition on a set of measure zero) is smooth and satisfies pointwise in .
This result implies the interior regularity of harmonic functions in , but it does not say anything about their regularity on the boundary .
Idea of the proof
To prove Weyl's lemma, one convolves the function with an appropriate mollifier and shows that the mollification satisfies Laplace's equation, which implies that has the mean value property. Taking the limit as and using the properties of mollifiers, one finds that also has the mean value property, which implies that it is a smooth solution of Laplace's equation. Alternative proofs use the smoothness of the fundamental solution of the Laplacian or suitable a priori elliptic estimates.
Generalization to distributions
More generally, the same result holds for every distributional solution of Laplace's equation: If satisfies for every , then is a regular distribution associated with a smooth solution of Laplace's equation.
Connection with hypoellipticity
Weyl's lemma follows from more general results concerning the regularity properties of elliptic or hypoelliptic operators. A linear partial differential operator with smooth coefficients is hypoelliptic if the singular support of is equal to the singular support of for every distribution . The Laplace operator is hypoelliptic, so if , then the singular support of is empty since the singular support of is empty, meaning that . In fact, since the Laplacian is elliptic, a stronger result is true, and solutions of are real-analytic.
Notes
References
Lemmas in analysis
Partial differential equations
Harmonic functions
Johan Ernst Mejdell (1773 - ??) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1818, representing the constituency of Christians Amt. He was later elected in 1824 from Fredriksstad. He worked as an attorney.
References
1773 births
Year of death missing
Members of the Storting
Oppland politicians
Østfold politicians
Norwegian jurists
Sandyktau District (, ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Balkashino. Population:
History
Sandyktausky district was formed on January 17, 1928 as part of Petropavlovsky district with the center in the village of Balkashino. For a number of years it belonged to the Karaganda, North-Kazakhstan regions, and from October 14, 1939, it became part of the Akmola region.
From January 9, 1935, it was called Molotovsky, on August 30, 1957 it was renamed into Balkashinsky, and on November 14, 1997 it was renamed into Sandyktausky. There are 5 settlements in the region, which are over 100 years old.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Zablaće is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 1,170 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Hawkins Preserve is a property within the city limits of Cortez, Colorado. It is protected by a conservation easement held by the Montezuma Land Conservancy.
The property for the preserve was donated to the Cortez Cultural Center in the 1990s by Jack Hawkins which includes:
Biological and botanical resources in a pinion-juniper woodland that is bounded by sandstone potholes and McElmo Creek.
Prehistoric archaeological sites.
Nature preserve
Hawkins Preserve is a natural museum on 120 acres including seven ecological zones:
Piñon-juniper woodland or Pygmy forest
Sagebrush steppe
Slickrock Pothole
Rimrock
Alluvial bottomland
Riparian corridor and intermittent streams
Post-disturbance and dunes
History
Early people
Hunter-gather 8,000 B.P. to AD 1
Evidence from the Hovenweep National Monument, west of Cortez, indicates that there were Paleo-Indians hunter-gatherer and people of the Archaic period as early as 8,000 years ago. The ancestors of the Mesa Verde Pueblo people hunted and lived in a difficult terrain, traversed deep canyons and areas of few animals and limited vegetation, and managed limited access to water - which made life difficult and limited the size of their hunt groups. They gathered seeds and fruit from wild plants to supplement their diet.
Basket Makers AD 1 to 550
The people living in the Four Corners region were introduced to maize and basketry through Mesoamerican trading about 2,000 years Before Present Able to have greater control of their diet through cultivation, the hunter-gatherers lifestyle became more sedentary as small disperse groups began cultivating maize and squash. They also continued to hunt and gather wild plants.
They were named "Basket Makers" for their skill in making baskets for storing food, covering with pitch to heat water, and using to toast seeds and nuts. They wove bags, sandals, belts out of yucca plants and leaves - and strung beads. They occasionally lived in dry caves where they dug pits that they lined with stones to store food. These people were ancestors of the pueblo people of the Hovenweep pueblo settlement and Mesa Verde.
Hawkins Preserve residents
Modified Basket Makers 550 to 750
This era resulted in the introduction of pottery which reduced the number of baskets that they made and eliminated the creation of woven bags. The simple, gray pottery allowed them a better tool for cooking and storage. Beans were added to the cultivated diet. Bows and arrows made hunting easier and thus the acquisition of hides for clothing. Turkey feathers were woven into blankets and robes.
Developmental Pueblo 750 to 1100
Pueblo buildings were built with stone, windows facing south, and in U, E and L shapes. The buildings were located more closely together and reflected deepening religious celebration. Towers were built near kivas and likely used for look-outs. Pottery became more versatile, including pitchers, ladles, bowls, jars and dishware for food and drink. White pottery with black designs emerged, the pigments coming from plants. Water management and conservation techniques, including the use of reservoirs and silt-retaining dams also emerged during this period.
Like the people at Hovenweep National Monument, Canyon de Chelly National Monument, and the Mesa Verde village communities moved from mesa tops to the heads of canyons about 1100.
Great Pueblo period 1100 to 1300
People, generally considered part of the Mesa Verde branch of the northern San Juan Pueblo (Anasazi) culture, transitioned from their disperse housing and began building pueblos in the late 12th century alongside springs or other water sources near or at the canyon heads. Most of the pueblo building was conducted, about the same time as the Mesa Verde cliff dwellings, between 1230 and 1275 when there were about 2,500 residents. The Hovenweep architecture and pottery was like that of Mesa Verde.
About 1160, area residents, such as those at Mesa Verde and Hovenweep, began building larger pueblo residential complexes, up to 3-story towers, dams, and reservoirs. They moved their fields into areas where water could be controlled. They also built large stone towers, living quarters and other shelters to safeguard springs and seeps. The stone course pueblos and towers exhibit expert masonry skills and engineering. The builders did not level foundations for their structures, but adapted construction designs to the uneven surfaces of rock slabs. These stone pueblos were referred to as castles by 19th-century explorers.
Post-Pueblo Native American tribes 1300 to 1700
After 1300 hunter-gatherers, ancestors of the Ute and Navajo, moved into the southwestern Colorado and southeastern Utah and came to inhabit the region.
The ancestors to the Navajo were one of the tribes of the southern division of the Athabaskan language family that migrated south from Alaska and northwestern Canada, most likely traveling through the Great Basin. The Navajo ancestors were in the area after 1300, but at least by the early 16th century.
The people from whom the Ute descended arrived in the area from the west in this period from 1300 to the 18th century. The Ute's ancestors are hunter-gatherers who in the 12th century began migrating east from the present southern California area into a large hunter-gathering territory as far east as the Great Plains and in the canyons and mountains of eastern Utah and Colorado.
During this period, the Spanish colonial reach extended to northern New Mexico, where they settled in the 16th century. They introduced items for trade, such as guns and horses, new and deadly diseases, and cultural influence in the forms of religion, language, and forms of government. In the 18th century Spanish missionaries visited the area looking for a route to Spanish missions in California. One of the expeditions was that of Spanish friars Silvestre Vélez de Escalante and Francisco Atanasio Domínguez who traveled from New Mexico, through western Colorado to Utah.
European and American settlement 18th century to present
The first Anglo American people arrived in the early 1800s, starting with trappers. With the discovery of precious ores in the last decades of the 19th Century, miners and other settlers moved into the region.
The Hawkins Preserve includes land that was near a ranch owned by Henry Mitchell. On his land is an archaeological site of 9 medium-sized pueblos called "Mitchell Springs".
By the mid-19th century the United States government and Native American tribes were at war over land ownership. People were forced to leave their homelands. The Navajo had moved south and the Ute territory was significantly reduced.
Notable sites
Excavations
Lewis Henry Morgan
Lewis H. Morgan visited Montezuma Valley in 1878 during one of his trips through the American Southwest. At that time he made notes and maps of archaeological sites at the current Hawkins Preserve and nearby Mitchell Springs. Within the Hawkins Preserve he recorded cliff dwellings found along McElmo Canyon. The site included groups of several small chambers just above the canyon bottom. Nearby is a corral that held cattle, sheep or other livestock. It was clearly occupied some time after European American settlement, and possibly before then. The Mitchell Springs site, near Hawkins Preserve, consists of 9 medium-sized pueblos and believed to have occupied up to 1,000 people at its height. The site shows occupancy from the Basket Makers II period through late Pueblo III period.
J.A. Halasi
In 1977 J.A. Halasi conducted an archaeological inventory and identified 2 prehistoric scatters and a large pre-historic ruin. The large ruin was a rubble mound partially excavated to determine that were 2 kiva depressions, diagnostic pot sherds and midden deposits. The site seemed to be from the Pueblo II period.
Bruce Bradley
Bruce Bradley identified an additional 21 sites during an archaeological survey in 2000. The sites are from the Basket Maker II, Pueblo II, Pueblo II periods and unknown pueblo and pre-historic periods. In addition to dwellings, there were also an alcove room with pictographs, 3 check dams, a field house, grinding areas, hearths, and artifacts.
Mona C. Charles
Mona Charles led a group of Fort Lewis College students through an archaeological study in 2006. During that time they completed:
Limited, low-disruption excavation to collect artifacts, which were sent to Crow Canyon Archaeological Center for analysis
Electric resistivity and magnetometry technology surveys to identify ruins below the surface
Total station and Global Positioning System (GPS) maps
State Historic Fund Grant
In 2006 a State Historic Fund Grant administered by the Colorado Historical Society was provided to study the main site in Hawkins Preserve.
See also
Other neighboring Ancient Pueblo sites in Colorado
Anasazi Heritage Center
Canyons of the Ancients National Monument
Crow Canyon Archaeological Center
Hovenweep National Monument
Mesa Verde National Park
Yucca House National Monument
Other cultures in the Four Corners region
Trail of the Ancients
List of ancient dwellings of Pueblo peoples
Early American cultures
List of prehistoric sites in Colorado
Ancestral Puebloans
Oasisamerica cultures
Paleo-Indians
References
External links
Hawkins Preserve
Cortez Cultural Center
Protected areas of Montezuma County, Colorado
Nature reserves in Colorado
St Clement's Church, King Square, is a Church of England parish church in Finsbury, Central London, in the London Borough of Islington. It is adjacent to King Square, within a walking distance from City Road.
Construction
Church Building Commission purchased the land in King Square from the St Bartholomew's Hospital in 1822 for the construction of a new church fronting a newly built garden square of middle-class villas. Foundation stone was laid on 27 January 1822. French ex-prisoners-of-war and the local community were likely involved in the construction.
The building was designed by the neo-classical architect Thomas Hardwick, designer of St Marylebone Parish church. The design style was Greek (Ionic), though it features a slender spire, traditionally a Gothic feature. Construction was completed in July 1824 and cost £17,000. In its original layout and with galleries on three sides the church had space for 1600 worshipers; it was consecrated as St Barnabas, King Square on 12 June 1826. At the time the church was part of the St Luke's parish; it was designated a separate parish in 1846.
20th century
In 1940 the church and nearby housing in the parish suffered damage from German bombing in the London Blitz. The burned out church was repaired and the formerly plain galleried interior re-ordered in 1953 by architects working with designer Norman Haines with a compact interior of considerable grandeur. The sanctuary and nave are framed by giant Corinthian columns and pilasters and there is a neo-classical plaster ceiling. Some fittings from St Clement's church and the fine 18th century pulpit from St Marylebone chapel we re-used. The altar sits beneath a corinthian baldacchino and two huge classical urns flank the altar.
On completion in 1952 the parishes of St Barnabas, St Clement, Lever Street and St Matthew, City Road were united as the other two churches were badly damaged by bombing. Re-consecrated on 12 June 1954 at which point parish changed its name to St Clement with St Barnabas and St Matthew, and the church known as St Clement's Finsbury for short. The building is Grade II listed and is the only survival of the King Square of 1822.
Organ
The church organ was built by "Father" Willis for St Thomas, Agar Town in the 1870s and moved to St Clements as part of the 1950s reconstruction, with some alterations, by Manders.
See also
List of churches and cathedrals of London
Parish official website https://www.stclementfinsbury.org/
Coordinates:
References
King's Square
Diocese of London
King's Square
Morse is an album by the New Zealand musician Alastair Galbraith, released in 1993.
Critical reception
AllMusic wrote that "there's as much gentle sing-song as there is experimental exploration, often at the same time." Trouser Press called it a "superb" anthology, and noted that it is a "tad stronger on a cut-by-cut basis" than the Seely Girn compilation.
Miami New Times deemed it "his finest album," calling it "a dark, haunting masterpiece, full of drama and pathos -- the product of a songwriting vision not unlike the lysergically bent expoundings of Syd Barrett." Reviewing the Morse and Gaudylight reissue, The Austin Chronicle wrote: "Detuned, layered guitars and funny noises define these records, which are as creepy as they are beautiful, paying homage to the ghostly aesthetic of Cale and Eno."
Track listing
"Screaming E"
"Time Please"
"Marcasite Lace"
"Fall"
"More Than Magnetic"
"Hawks"
"Andalucia"
"Ivy Bound"
"My Bottom Line"
"Bone Idle"
"Semaphore"
"Portrait"
"Lit"
"Huxley"
"Vincent"
"R.D.S."
"Stone"
Personnel
Alastair Galbraith
Peter Jefferies
David Mitchell
References
1993 albums
Alastair Galbraith (musician) albums
Dogs: Bullets & Carnage (stylized in all caps) is a Japanese manga series, written and illustrated by Shirow Miwa. A first one-shot series Dogs: Prelude (originally titled Dogs: Stray Dogs Howling in the Dark), was published in Shueisha's seinen manga magazine Ultra Jump from 2000 to 2001. Dogs: Bullets & Carnage started in the same magazine in June 2005. The manga was licensed for English release in North America by Viz Media. Dogs: Prelude was adapted into a two-volume original video animation (OVA) by David Production in 2009.
Premise
Dogs is set in a dystopic European city where violence, crime, genetic manipulation and other scientific brutalities have become common. The story focuses on four antihero protagonists who, through a series of coincidences, meet as they search for a way down to "the Below", looking for answers to their individual pasts.
Media
Manga
Written and illustrated by Shirow Miwa, the first series, , was published in Shueisha's seinen manga magazine Ultra Jump from 2000 to 2001. Its chapters were collected in a single tankōbon volume, titled . The sequel, Dogs: Bullets & Carnage started in Ultra Jump on June 18, 2005. Its latest chapter was released on March 19, 2015, and the manga has been on hiatus since. Miwa stated in February 2017, that he was planning to resume the series. Shueisha thas collected its chapters into individual tankōbon volumes. The first volume was released on October 19, 2006. As of August 20, 2014, ten volumes have been released.
In July 2008, Viz Media announced that it had licensed the series. Releases began in April 2009.
Drama CD
The original Dogs: Stray Dogs Howling into the Dark volume was adapted into a drama CD released in 2007. A second drama CD was released on October 23, 2010, adapting the first volume of Dogs: Bullets & Carnage.
Anime
On November 19, 2008, an OVA adaptation of Dogs: Stray Dogs Howling in the Dark was announced in Ultra Jump. The two-volume OVA series was produced by David Production and featured the same voice cast as the drama CD.
The first DVD volume, released on May 19, 2009 with the fourth volume of Dogs: Bullets & Carnage, featured adaptations of the first two chapters, "Weepy Old Killer" and "Gun Smoker". The second DVD volume, featuring "Blade Maiden" and "Stray Dogs Howling in the Dark", was initially released on May 29, 2009, for a limited time and later released on July 17, 2009 along with a limited edition reissue of the first Dogs manga which included new story material.
Reception
Carlo Santos of Anime News Network stated that Shirow Miwa raised "gunplay to the level of art" and that the loosely connected characters "provide the backdrop for mouth-watering eye candy". He also states that the "bent-perspective and striking layouts" will dazzle the reader "with split-second bullet-time acrobats". The most striking aspect is how the sparse backgrounds and lack of special effects make each scene more effective because the critical moments have a "frozen in time" quality more effective than a comic book's attempt to capture motion in a still frame. Santos also credits Miwa's ability to "craft a manga storyline about an old man who's the very opposite of a spunky teenage protagonist". However, Santos believes it is another "pompous, preening '_ with guns' series" and that it is hard to find any substance of artistry when the Miwa is "cycling through all the usual tough-guy tropes". The characters fall into clichés and the entire series is "cliché city". He believes that the stories are too loosely connected. Even though the characters encounter each other eventually, it is "not the same thing as actually kicking off a storyline together".
Leroy Douresseaux of Comic Book Bin stated the volume is "a stylishly violent crime thriller in the vein of Asian film-influenced movies like Pulp Fiction and The Matrix" and that Miwa's art reflects the elegance such a manga needs. He thought that the characters dress well and that most of the characters "sport top-of-the-line hairstyles". The series is not empty either. Douresseaux called the series "visually sharp" and said that it bears some weight behind each swing. He believes that Garth Ennis fans and fans of violent anime will like the series.
Manga Recon's Ken Haley stated that although all four stories in the volume were enjoyable and entertaining, the fourth story involving Heine "feels cut off and adrift from the other three" because it incorporated science fiction elements the other three did not hint at. He felt that Miwa's artwork is engaging and the characters designs are interesting and "contemporary with a vague hint of industrial/goth at times". Miwa's use of heavy blacks and stark whites reminded Haley of Shou Tajima, illustrator of Multiple Personality Detective Psycho, although there is no further similarity. He says that Miwa's style is dynamic and the action sequences are "fast-paced and kinetic" because of liberal use of extreme depth cues, an artistic technique which exaggerates the sense of distance. However, the technique does seem a bit overused as it is used in every action sequence, causing it to lose impact. Haley does entertain the idea Miwa used the technique in a satirical manner and, if so, "it worked". He praises the lack of backgrounds as they give the stories a "universal feeling" and allows them to be set in any modern-day city. However, the lack of backgrounds means that important setting information needs to be expressed through dialogue. Despite this, Haley is curious to see what will happen next and how the plots will connect to one another.
References
External links
Official anime site
ANN Vol 2 Review
ComicBookBuun Vol 2 Review
2001 manga
2005 manga
2009 anime OVAs
Abandoned buildings and structures in fiction
Adventure anime and manga
David Production
Discrimination in fiction
Genetic engineering in fiction
Experimental medical treatments in fiction
Madman Entertainment manga
Mystery anime and manga
Orphans in fiction
Fiction about psychic powers
Seinen manga
Shueisha franchises
Shueisha manga
Terrorism in fiction
Fiction about urban legends
Viz Media manga
Weapons of mass destruction in fiction
Lee Sun-hee () is a Korean name consisting of the family name Lee and the given name Sun-hee, and may also refer to:
Lee Sun-hee (baseball) (born 1955), South Korean baseball player
Lee Sun-hee (singer) (born 1964), South Korean singer
Lee Sun-hee (taekwondo) (born 1978), South Korean taekwondo practitioner
is a private junior college in Minokamo, Gifu, Japan, established in 1955.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1955
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Gifu Prefecture
1955 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Minokamo, Gifu
Samuel Félix Miranda (8 February 1977 – 30 May 2006) was a Mexican sportsman who competed in the Modern pentathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
Biography
Félix came from Sinaloa and first started competing at the age of 14. Two elder siblings were also pentathletes, most notably his brother Alberto Félix, a Mexican representative at 1992 Summer Olympics. His first international event came in 1994 and he went on to compete at Pan American and World Championships level, culminating in his only appearance at the Olympic Games.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics, Félix was one of the 24 competitors that took part in the men's modern pentathlon. He finished in 11th position overall with 5165 points. His best performing discipline was the 3 km cross country run, in which he finished third with a time of 9:17.66.
Murder
Félix was shot following an altercation at his residence on Williams Street in Lamont, California on the night of 30 May 2006. According to the Kern County Sheriff's Department, he had been involved in an argument outside his apartment with a male described as being around 19 years old. During the confrontation, Félix was brandishing a large stick. Once the assailant pulled out a handgun, Félix ran into his apartment for protection and deadbolted the door, however the assailant was able to open the door enough to fire two shots inside. One of those shots hit Félix in the back. He died of his injuries an hour later at the Kern Medical Center in Bakersfield.
References
External links
Samuel Félix at Sports Reference
1977 births
2006 deaths
Olympic modern pentathletes of Mexico
Male murder victims
Mexican male modern pentathletes
Modern pentathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Mexican murder victims
People murdered in California
Deaths by firearm in California
Sportspeople from Sinaloa
Nik Đeljošaj (, ; born 12 November 1979) is a Montenegrin politician of Albanian descent. He has been serving as the Mayor of Tuzi since 23 March 2019.
Biography
He is the leader of Albanian Alternative. In the 2020 Montenegrin parliamentary election, he was the ballot carrier of the Albanian List, an minority politics coalition, formed by New Democratic Force (FORCA), the Albanian Alternative (AA), Albanian Coalition Perspective (AKP) and the Democratic League of Albanians (DSA). The new coalition won 1.58% of the vote and gained a singular seat in the Parliament of Montenegro, which belonged to Gjeloshaj.
See also
Albanian Alternative
Albanian List (Montenegro)
References
Albanians in Montenegro
Malesia
Mayors of places in Montenegro
1979 births
Living people
Members of the Parliament of Montenegro
Royal Air Force Membury or more simply RAF Membury is a former Royal Air Force station built in the civil parish of Lambourn in Berkshire, England. The airfield is located approximately north-northwest of Hungerford, at the Membury services stop of the M4 motorway; about west-southwest of London. The airfield also lies immediately next to the Iron Age hill fort of Membury Camp.
Opened in 1942, it was used by both the Royal Air Force (RAF) and United States Army Air Forces (USAAF). During the war it was used by several combat units with varying missions. It was also a major supply and maintenance depot. After the war, it was a private airport until the construction of the M4 motorway in the 1960s when it was closed.
Today the remains of the airfield are located on private property with the former technical site now being an industrial estate (Membury Business Park).
History
USAAF use
Membury was known as USAAF Station AAF-466 for security reasons by the USAAF during the war, and by which it was referred to instead of location. Its USAAF Station Code was "ME".
3rd Photographic and 67th Observation/Reconnaissance Groups
Meanwhile, the Eighth Air Force VIII Ground Air Support Command, the forebear of the reborn Ninth Air Force had designated Membury for use by its reconnaissance units. These were the men of the 3rd Photographic and the 67th Observation Groups, who arrived at Membury on 7 and 8 September 1942.
The 3rd consisted of the 5th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th and 23d squadrons, however the group's air echelons were still in the United States at Colorado Springs AAF, Colorado. Whilst at RAF Membury, the group was reassigned to the Twelfth Air Force and moved to RAF Steeple Morden in Cambridgeshire during October prior to its movement to North Africa.
The 67th Observation Group arrived at Membury from Esler AAF Louisiana and consisted of the following operational squadrons:
12th Observation/Reconnaissance Squadron
107th Observation/Reconnaissance Squadron
109th Observation/Reconnaissance Squadron
153rd Observation/Reconnaissance Squadron
At the time of the transfer to Ninth Air Force, the group was redesignated the 67th Reconnaissance Group.
At the time, the 107th and 109th Squadrons were converting to North American P-51A Mustangs. However before this was completed, the 107th Squadron was moved to nearby RAF Aldermaston.
6th Tactical Air Depot
During the winter of 1942/1943, the Air Depot site was occupied by the 7th and 16th Air Depot Groups, forming the 6th Tactical Air Depot which specialised in the repair and modification of Republic P-47 Thunderbolt..
366th Fighter Group
In January 1944 the 366th Fighter Group arrived at Membury from Bluethenthal AAF North Carolina. Operational squadrons of the group were:
389th Fighter Squadron (A6)
390th Fighter Squadron (B2)
391st Fighter Squadron (A8)
The 366th was a group of Ninth Air Force's 71st Fighter Wing, IX Tactical Air Command. Before the group could become operational, the unit was moved to RAF Thruxton on 1 March.
436th Troop Carrier Group
The 436th Troop Carrier Group with its Douglas C-47/C-53 Skytrains arrived on 3 March from RAF Bottesford. Operational squadrons of the group were:
79th Troop Carrier Squadron (S6)
80th Troop Carrier Squadron (7D)
81st Troop Carrier Squadron (U5)
82nd Troop Carrier Squadron (3D)
The 436th TCW was assigned to the 53rd Troop Carrier Wing.
When the 53rd Troop Carrier Wing moved its groups to France in February 1945 the 436th vacated Membury between the 21st and 25th for its new location at Melun (A-55). Nevertheless, there was still a US presence at Membury until a few weeks after the end of hostilities as the airfield was being used by the IX Troop Carrier Command as a pick-up point.
RAF Transport Command use and closure
With the 436th leaving Membury for Melun in France and the Americans departing by the end of June the station was back under RAF control. In October 1946 when the station was closed and Membury was reduced to care and maintenance status. Much of the 1951 novel Air Bridge by Hammond Innes is set in the closed RAF Membury at the time of the Berlin Airlift, and describes how the decaying airfield and its surroundings looked at that time.
Doctor Who
The airfield was used as the location for a UNIT airfield twice in the shows history, the first time was in the opening episode of the 1971 serial The Daemons and again in the second episode of 1974's Planet of the Spiders.
Current use
Many small industries took over the old buildings on the former Air Depot technical site which are used for light industrial purposes. The former aircraft hangars are used for grain storage. The former airfield tower stood until 1998 when it was demolished.
Membury is now jointly owned and operated by Southern Sailplanes / Flight Composites, an aircraft repair and maintenance company, and Aviation Enterprises Ltd.
Since 2008 the site has also been used by Paramotor Training Ltd. A full time Paramotor School
In recent years the remaining runways have had new tarmac strips laid and new aircraft hangars were erected in 2010.
And now the home to White Horse Aviation, a microlight school.
See also
List of former Royal Air Force stations
82nd Airborne Division
References
(USAAF/USAF)
Citations
Bibliography
Freeman, Roger A. (1994) UK Airfields of the Ninth: Then and Now 1994. After the Battle
Freeman, Roger A. (1996) The Ninth Air Force in Colour: UK and the Continent-World War Two. After the Battle
Innes, Hammond, Air Bridge, (London, 1951)
USAAS-USAAC-USAAF-USAF Aircraft Serial Numbers—1908 to present
British Automobile Association (AA), (1978), Complete Atlas of Britain,
External links
http://www.memburyairfield.co.uk
Photographs of RAF Membury from the Geograph British Isles project
http://www.ramsburyatwar.com/memburyairfield.htm
Airfields of the VIII Fighter Command in the United Kingdom
Airfields of the IX Troop Carrier Command in the United Kingdom
Royal Air Force stations in Berkshire
Lambourn
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
The QRS complex is the combination of three of the graphical deflections seen on a typical electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG). It is usually the central and most visually obvious part of the tracing. It corresponds to the depolarization of the right and left ventricles of the heart and contraction of the large ventricular muscles.
In adults, the QRS complex normally lasts ; in children it may be shorter. The Q, R, and S waves occur in rapid succession, do not all appear in all leads, and reflect a single event and thus are usually considered together. A Q wave is any downward deflection immediately following the P wave. An R wave follows as an upward deflection, and the S wave is any downward deflection after the R wave. The T wave follows the S wave, and in some cases, an additional U wave follows the T wave.
To measure the QRS interval start at the end of the PR interval (or beginning of the Q wave) to the end of the S wave. Normally this interval is 0.08 to 0.10 seconds. When the duration is longer it is considered a wide QRS complex.
Formation
Depolarization of the heart ventricles occurs almost simultaneously, via the bundle of His and Purkinje fibers. If they are working efficiently, the QRS complex duration in adults is .
Clinical significance
Any abnormality of conduction takes longer and causes "widened" QRS complexes. In bundle branch block, there can be an abnormal second upward deflection within the QRS complex. In this case, such a second upward deflection is referred to as R′ (pronounced "R prime"). This would be described as an RSR′ pattern.
Ventricles contain more muscle mass than the atria. Therefore, the QRS complex is considerably larger than the P wave. The QRS complex is often used to determine the axis of the electrocardiogram, although it is also possible to determine a separate P wave axis.
The duration, amplitude, and morphology of the QRS complex are useful in diagnosing cardiac arrhythmias, conduction abnormalities, ventricular hypertrophy, myocardial infarction, electrolyte derangements, and other disease states.
High frequency analysis of the QRS complex may be useful for detection of coronary artery disease during an exercise stress test.
Components
Q wave
Normal Q waves, when present, represent depolarization of the interventricular septum. For this reason, they are referred to as septal Q waves and can be appreciated in the lateral leads I, aVL, V5 and V6.
Pathologic Q waves occur when the electrical signal passes through stunned or scarred heart muscle; as such, they are usually markers of previous myocardial infarctions, with subsequent fibrosis. A pathologic Q wave is defined as having a deflection amplitude of 25% or more of the subsequent R wave, or being (40 ms) in width and in amplitude. However, diagnosis requires the presence of this pattern in more than one corresponding lead.
R wave progression
Looking at the precordial leads, the R wave usually progresses from showing an rS-type complex in V1 with an increasing R and a decreasing S wave when moving toward the left side. There is usually a qR-type of complex in V5 and V6, with the R-wave amplitude usually taller in V5 than in V6. It is normal to have a narrow QS and rSr' patterns in V1, and this is also the case for qRs and R patterns in V5 and V6. The transition zone is where the QRS complex changes from predominantly negative to predominantly positive (R/S ratio becoming >1), and this usually occurs at V3 or V4. It is normal to have the transition zone at V2 (called "early transition") and at V5 (called "delayed transition"). In biomedical engineering, the maximum amplitude in the R wave is usually called "R peak amplitude", or just "R peak". Accurate R peak detection is essential in signal processing equipment for heart rate measurement and it is the main feature used for arrhythmia detection.
The definition of poor R wave progression (PRWP) varies in the literature. It may be defined, for example, as R wave of less than 2–4 mm in leads V3 or V4 and/or presence of a reversed R wave progression, which is defined as R in V4 < R in V3 or R in V3 < R in V2 or R in V2 < R in V1, or any combination of these. Poor R wave progression is commonly attributed to anterior myocardial infarction, but it may also be caused by left bundle branch block, Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome, right and left ventricular hypertrophy, or a faulty ECG recording technique.
R wave peak time
R wave peak time (RWPT) represents the time from the onset of QRS complex to the peak of R wave, which is usually measured in aVL and V5 or V6 leads.
R-peak time for right ventricle is measured from leads V1 or V2, where upper range of normal is 35 ms. R wave peak time for left ventricle is measured from lead V5 or V6 and 45 ms is the upper range of normal. R wave peak time is considered to be prolonged if it's more than 45 ms.
J-point
The point where the QRS complex meets the ST segment is the J-point. The J-point is easy to identify when the ST segment is horizontal and forms a sharp angle with the last part of the QRS complex. However, when the ST segment is sloped or the QRS complex is wide, the two features do not form a sharp angle and the location of the J-point is less clear. There is no consensus on the precise location of the J-point in these circumstances. Two possible definitions are:
The "first point of inflection of the upstroke of the S wave"
The point at which the ECG trace becomes more horizontal than vertical
Terminology
Not every QRS complex contains a Q wave, an R wave, and an S wave. By convention, any combination of these waves can be referred to as a QRS complex. However, correct interpretation of difficult ECGs requires exact labeling of the various waves. Some authors use lowercase and capital letters, depending on the relative size of each wave. For example, an Rs complex would be positively deflected, while an rS complex would be negatively deflected. If both complexes were labeled RS, it would be impossible to appreciate this distinction without viewing the actual ECG.
Monomorphic or polymorphic
Monomorphic refers to all QRS waves in a single lead being similar in shape. Polymorphic means that the QRS change from complex to complex. These terms are used in the description of ventricular tachycardia.
Algorithms
A common algorithm used for QRS complex detection is the Pan-Tompkins algorithm (or method); another is based on the Hilbert transform. Numerous other algorithms have been proposed and investigated.
See also
Electrophysiology
References
Cardiac electrophysiology
Mehmet Ali Tanman (born 1 January 1913) was a Turkish international association football player. He played his entire career at Beşiktaş.
Career
Tanman was recruited in Beşiktaş by former manager and club executive Ahmed Şerafettin. He became the regular goalkeeper of the club after Sadri Usuoğlu.
Honours
Beşiktaş J.K.
Istanbul Football League (6): 1933–34, 1938–39, 1939–40, 1942–43, 1944–45, 1945–46
Turkish National Division (2): 1940, 1944
Chancellor Cup (1): 1944
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Tanman at Beşiktaş J.K.
Tanman at Maçkolik
1913 births
Turkish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Beşiktaş J.K. footballers
Year of death missing
Limekiln State Park is a California state park on the Big Sur coast. It contains four lime kilns from an 1887–1890 lime-calcining operation, plus a beach, redwood forest, and Limekiln Falls. It is located south of Lucia on Big Sur Coast Highway. The park was established in 1994.
Cultural history
From 1887 to 1890 the Rockland Lime and Lumber Company harvested limestone from a scree slope and fed it into four iron and stone lime kilns they erected onsite. Long exposure to very hot fires extracted lime. Barrels of lime were slid on a cable out to Rockland Cove, where they were loaded onto ships. The lime was a key ingredient in the cement that was used for construction in San Francisco and Monterey. However, after three years the company had exhausted most of the limestone as well as the redwood used to fire the kilns. A trail leads from the Big Sur Coast Highway to the ruins of the lime smelting operations, which include four kilns and some stone walls and bridge abutments.
The redwood forest recovered from this industrial use, but in 1984 a private landowner planned to log the west fork of Limekiln Creek. Conservationists objected and succeeded in getting the land preserved as a public park. The campground was family-owned before it was then sold and operated by the Esalen Institute for a number of years. The property was transferred to the California state park system and opened in September 1995.
Limekiln State Park was heavily damaged in the Chalk Fire of September and October 2008. In total the Chalk Fire burned in California. Due to the damage the park was closed, not reopening until July 2, 2010. At that time the Limekiln Falls Trail remained closed, but reopened in summer 2011. The Hare Creek Trail is shorter due to damage related to the Chalk Fire.
Proposed for closure
Limekiln State Park was one of many state parks threatened with closure in 2008. Those closures were ultimately avoided by cutting hours and maintenance system-wide. The park was again threatened with closure, along with 70 other California state parks in July 2012 as part of a deficit reduction program. A partner organization has signed an agreement to keep the park open.
Recreation
Limekiln State Park has a small but popular campground with 31 sites among the redwoods and 11 sites with an ocean view. Easy trails lead to the lime kilns or up Hare Creek Canyon. Another leads to Limekiln Fall on the east fork of Limekiln Creek.
See also
List of California state parks
References
External links
Official Limekiln State Park website
This article contains content in the public domain published by the California state government.
State parks of California
Parks in Monterey County, California
Coast redwood groves
Lime kilns in the United States
Protected areas established in 1994
1994 establishments in California
Santa Lucia Range
Landforms of Monterey County, California
Big Sur
The kampilan (Baybayin: ) also known as talong is a type of single-edged sword, traditionally used by various ethnic groups in the Philippine archipelago. It has a distinct profile, with the tapered blade being much broader and thinner at the point than at its base, sometimes with a protruding spikelet along the flat side of the tip. The design of the pommel varies between ethnic groups, but it usually depicts a kakatua (cockatoo).
This weapon was featured in the American bladesmithing competition, Forged in Fire, in season 4 episode 16.
Names
"Kampilan" is the term most commonly used for the sword in the Tagalog, Ilocano and Visayan languages. It simply means "sword". It is known by other names in other ethnic groups in the Philippines including Kapampangan talibong or talibon (not to be confused with the Visayan talibon); Maranao kifing; Iranun parang kampilan; and Tboli tok and kafilan.
History
Kampilan are mentioned in ancient Filipino epics, including the Hiligaynon Hinilawod from the Visayas; the Ilocano Biag ni Lam-Ang from Luzon; and the Maranao Darangen of Mindanao. The kampilan also plays a central part in the Maranao and Maguindanao traditional war dance of Sagayan, which depicts a scene from the Darangen.
Unlike other common precolonial Filipino bolo weapons which were based on agricultural implements, the kampilan is specifically made for warfare, used either in small skirmishes or large-scale encounters. According to Philippine historical documents, the kampílan was widely used by chieftains and warriors for battle and as a headhunting sword. The most famous probable use of kampilan in warfare was in the Battle of Mactan, where Antonio Pigafetta described Ferdinand Magellan being wounded on the left leg by a warrior bearing "a large cutlass, which resembles a scimitar, only being larger." In traditional societies of the Tagalog people, it is also used as a form of religious adornment in a dambana.
Kampilan swords only survive into modern times among the Moro and the Lumad people, due to the longer period that they avoided Spanish colonization.
Physical description
Among Filipino swords, the most distinguishing characteristic of the kampilan is its huge size. At about 36 to 40 inches (90 to 100 cm) long, it is much larger than other Filipino swords, and is thought to be the longest, though smaller versions (sometimes called the "kampilan bolo") exist. A notable exception would be the panabas, another Philippine longsword, of which unusually large examples used for ceremonial execution purposes could measure up to four feet in length.
The blade is narrow near the hilt and it gradually swells in width into an almost trapezoidal profile at the end. The blades are often laminated with various styles of tip. Kampílan blades often have holes near the tip that are sometimes filled with brass. Rarer still are specimens that have tips exhibiting a kris-like fretwork, while others have engravings down the entire blade. Although the kampílan can be used with one hand, it is primarily a two-handed sword.
Blade
The laminated steel blade of the kampílan is single-edged, and made from Damascus steel pattern welding process and is easily identified by its tapered profile, the narrowest near the hilt and gently widening until its truncated point. The blade's spikelet has led to the description of the kampílan in some documents as "dual-tipped" or "double-tipped".
Sheath or scabbard
The scabbard is usually made of cheap wood and is bound with simple rattan or fibre lashings. When the sword needs to be used immediately, the sword bearer will simply strike with the sheathed sword and the blade will cut through the lashings, thereby effecting a quick, tactical strike without the need to unsheathe the sword.
Scabbards are unadorned and are often disposable when going into battle. Some scabbards were also made of bamboo or were made with a handle that allowed half of the scabbard to serve as a small shield.
Hilt
The hilt is quite long in order to counterbalance the weight and length of the blade and is made of hardwood. As with the blade, the design of the hilt's profile is relatively consistent from blade to blade. The hilt is sometimes wrapped with rattan to improve the grip. At times the hilt was bound to the hand by a talismanic piece of cloth to prevent slippage. Sometimes a chain mail covering was attached to prevent the hand from injury. Almost all kampílan originally had large metal staples protruding from the cross guard above the grip.
The complete tang of the kampílan disappears into a crossguard, which is often decoratively carved with geometric or flowing patterns. The guard prevents the enemy's weapon from sliding all the way down the blade onto bearer's hand and also prevents the bearer's hand from sliding onto the blade while thrusting.
The most distinctive design element of the hilt is the pommel. The design of the pommel varies between ethnic groups of the Philippines. In the ethnic groups of Visayas and Luzon, the pommel usually depicts a bakunawa (or naga), a horned dragon-like mythological creature. Among the Muslim Moro people, the pommel usually depicts either a kalaw (hornbill) or a kakatua (cockatoo). Other animals depicted in kampilan pommels include monitor lizards and crocodiles. Among the Lumad people of the interiors of Mindanao, kampilan pommels do not typically depict animals, but is instead a simple curving shape that flares out at the end.
Kampilan hilts are typically made from hardwood, but expensive examples that belonged to datu are covered in silver sheet or are entirely manufactured out of expensive materials such as horn or bone. Like the blade, they may possess small holes at the tips and edges which can have attachments like bells, metal chains, or animal or human hair tassels. Some kampilan hilts, especially among the Lumad, can also be made entirely of brass.
Similar swords
Similar weapons to the kampilan in the Philippines include the bangkung, laring, itak, pirah, and the banyal. Other similar weapons to the kampilan outside of the Philippines include the Dayak mandau of Borneo; the Minahasan santi of northern Sulawesi; and the Sangir pedang bara of the Sangihe Islands.
In Brunei, the officers who bear the royal regalia of the Sultan of Brunei such as the Panglima Asgar who carry the royal weapons of kalasak (shield) and kampilan, whereas the Panglima Diraja carry the pemuras (blunderbuss) and karga (bullet case) .
Historical Accounts
Modern Day Ceremonial Uses
The No. 1 graduating cadet of the Philippine National Police Academy will receive the Presidential Kampilan as a recognition of his achievement for excelling in all aspects of the 4-year cadetship training, the No. 2 graduate will also receive the Vice Presidential Kampilan as recognition for the 2nd best performing cadet of the graduating batch.
See also
Filipino Martial Arts
Kalasag
Kalis
Klewang
Kris
Falchion
Kampilan Division
Publications
References
Philippine martial arts
Arnis
Visayan culture
Visayan history
Philippine culture
Southeast Asian swords
Filipino swords
Weapons of Indonesia
Malayan swords
Moro people
Blade weapons
Culture of Maguindanao
Culture of Lanao del Sur
Weapons of the Philippine Army
Weapons of the Philippines
Visitation is a 1503 woodcut by the German Renaissance artist Albrecht Dürer, from his series on the Life of the Virgin. It depicts the Visitation, an episode in the Gospel of Luke, when Mary, heavily pregnant, travels to see her much older cousin Elisabeth, who is now also late with child.
The women embrace at the house of Elisabeth's husband Zacharias, who is shown standing at the doorway to the left of the woodcut. Both Zacharias and his wife are old; and he is struck into silence by the fact of his long barren wife having finally conceived a child.
The highly detailed landscape shown in the background is likely inspired by the artist's two journeys through the Alps during 1494–95.
See also
Joachim and Anne Meeting at the Golden Gate (Dürer), another in the series.
Notes
Sources
Nürnberg, Verlag Hans Carl. Dürer in Dublin: Engravings and woodcuts of Albrecht Dürer. Chester Beatty Library, 1983
Prints by Albrecht Dürer
Prints based on the Bible
Prints including the Virgin Mary
16th-century prints
Woodcuts
Catholic engraving
Vereniki Tikoisolomone (born 24 November 1998) is a Fijian rugby union player who plays for the in Super Rugby. His playing position is wing. He was named as an injury replacement in the Highlanders squad for the 2022 Super Rugby Pacific season. He was also a member of the 2021 Bunnings NPC squad.
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
1998 births
Fijian rugby union players
Living people
Rugby union wings
Taranaki rugby union players
Highlanders (rugby union) players
The Unsaid is a 2001 American thriller/drama film directed by Tom McLoughlin and starring Andy García that was released in 2001. It is also known under the name The Ties That Bind and its working title Sins of the Father. The film was released straight to DVD in the US, UK, and Canada but premiered in theaters in other parts of Europe and Asia.
The film follows Michael Hunter's (García) struggle to cope with his son's suicide and his attempt to rehabilitate Thomas Caffey (Vincent Kartheiser), who reminds him of his own son.
Plot
"A seemingly-untroubled adolescent carries disturbing secrets that compel a psychiatrist to unearth the patient's gruesome past."
Psychiatrist Michael Hunter and his wife are watching their daughter Shelly's school play. Their son Kyle, who is suffering from depression, stays at home, because he can not stand being among people as he says. While the parents are applauding Shelly, Kyle commits suicide in the family's garage using the exhaust from a car.
Several years later the family has fallen apart because of their loss. Michael retreats, writes books, holds speeches for University students, but he no longer treats patients. When his former student, Barbara Wagner, approaches him asking for help with a case he initially refuses, but then gives in to taking over the case of 17-year-old Thomas "Tommy" Caffey, who witnessed his father murder his mother and repressed the memories. The teenager will be allowed to leave the psychiatric facility in a few weeks when he turns 18. But while working with Tommy, Michael realizes how much the boy reminds him of his own son Kyle and feelings of guilt arise in the psychologist.
In flashbacks and conversations, the viewer receives background information of Kyle's suicide. Michael had his son see a therapist—an old university friend named Harry Quinlan—instead of taking medication. In his son's suicide letter, Michael finds out that Kyle was sexually abused by Quinlan. When Michael tries to confront Quinlan, the therapist won't unlock the front door. Michael goes to the glass back door, through which he sees Quinlan pull a gun out of a drawer. As Quinlan places the barrel in his mouth, Michael angrily yells at him to shoot himself, which the therapist does.
Tommy punches Chloe, a girl on ecstasy, at a party because she tried to force him to have sex. At the same party, Tommy befriends Shelly and they become closer. Shelly tells Tommy about Kyle. From then on, Tommy uses the information in therapy sessions and manipulates Michael, who more and more sees his own son in him.
When Michael visits Tommy's father in prison he finds out that Tommy's mother misused her son as a lover and slept with him regularly. This is the reason why his father, who came home early one day, bludgeoned her to death, and why Tommy reacts violently when women try to have physical contact with him. However, Mr. Caffey had always said it was because he found out his wife had a lover, running away, and tells Michael he'll deny all of that if he repeats that.
In the last part of the movie, Tommy tries to make Barbara release him to an independent life immediately. When she refuses and touches him, he pushes her through a glass window. After she crawls to a telephone and attempts to call police, Tommy beats her with the handset. He flees in a car stolen from Troy and, armed with a handgun, picks up Shelly from her mother's house and speeds away. Michael finds the severely wounded Barbara in her apartment. Just before being placed in the ambulance, Barbara warns Michael about Tommy's plan. Michael races to his ex-wife's house, narrowly missing the boy and Shelly, whom he chases. The boy's flight comes to an end near train tracks, where he holds Shelly at gunpoint. Michael confronts Tommy with what his mother did and Tommy surrenders the girl and the gun. When a train approaches, Tommy tears loose from Michael's embrace and runs onto the tracks. At the last second, Tommy stops on the tracks, throws up his arms, and awaits impact. Michael grabs Tommy and they fall away from the locomotive.
In the closing scene, Michael and Tommy light-heartedly play handball at a mental institution.
Cast
Awards
International Film Festival of Marrakech, 2001
Won Audience Award - Tom McLoughlin
Nominated Golden Star - Tom McLoughlin
References
External links
2001 films
2001 independent films
2001 thriller drama films
American independent films
American thriller drama films
Films about depression
Films about dysfunctional families
Films about psychiatry
Films about suicide
Films directed by Tom McLoughlin
Films scored by Don Davis (composer)
Films shot in Saskatchewan
Incest in film
Universal Pictures direct-to-video films
2001 drama films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The Parliamentary Elections Act 1695 (7 & 8 Will 3 c 25) was an Act of the Parliament of England regulating elections to the English House of Commons.
Provisions
Section 3 of the Act required that an election to a county constituency had to take place at the county court, and that the court had to be held at the place where it had most often been held in the preceding forty years (in effect, at the county town). This was to prevent an electoral abuse where the county sheriff held the election at a place more convenient for voters favourable to one of the candidates.
Section 6 sought to prevent faggot voters by requiring that the voter's forty shilling freehold was a bona fide holding and not a temporary conveyance.
Section 7 established the minimum voting age and age of candidacy as 21, which was the age of majority under common law. Underage MPs were seldom unseated before the Reform Act 1832: Vicount Jocelyn was 18 in 1806.
Section 8 provided that polling in Yorkshire, previously begun on a Monday, should instead begin on Wednesday. This was from a sabbatarian desire to prevent voters travelling on Sunday to the polling place.
Section 9 provided that the poll for Hampshire would be taken first at Winchester and then, after an adjournment, at Newport for the convenience of voters on the Isle of Wight.
Repeal
Some of the Act was implicitly repealed by the Reform Act 1832.
The whole Act except section 7 was, and in section 7 the words from the beginning of the section to "any future parliament" where those words first occurred were, repealed by section 80(7) of, and Schedule 13 to, the Representation of the People Act 1948.
Section 7 was repealed by sections 17(7)(a) and 74(2) of, and Schedule 2 to, the Electoral Administration Act 2006.
The whole Act was repealed for the Republic of Ireland by the Electoral Act 1963.
Footnotes
References
Halsbury's Statutes
External links
The Parliamentary Elections Act 1695, as amended, from Legislation.gov.uk.
Chapter XXV. Rot. Parl. 7 & 8 Gul. III. p. 5. n. 11. as originally enacted, from History of Parliament Trust
Acts of the Parliament of England
1695 in law
1695 in England
Election law in the United Kingdom
Election legislation
Song Jin-hyung (; born 13 August 1987) is a South Korean football player who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
Song started his professional career at Brazilian club Internacional, before moving back to his homeland South Korea to play for one of the powerhouses of Korean and Asian football FC Seoul.
After a stint with FC Seoul, Song went to Australia in the hope of securing an A-League contract. After trialling with Newcastle United Jets, he impressed coach Gary van Egmond enough to earn a contract with the club. Newcastle's management immediately secured his visa and arranged his contract, a two-year deal signed on 18 January 2008.
Song made his debut for the club in the away leg of their semi-final clash with rivals, Central Coast Mariners, which Newcastle lost 3–0. He played a starring role in their subsequent grand final victory over Central Coast, constantly proving a menacing threat for the Mariners' defence. Song's first senior career goal came on 19 December 2008 against Melbourne Victory. Song threaded through a sublime ball through to Jets' striker Joel Griffiths, who squared the ball back to Song to fire into the bottom corner of the net, securing three points for the Jets.
Song made it clear that his preference was to play in Europe, although he didn't rule out the possibility of re-signing with the Jets. On 29 March 2010, it was announced that he would trial at PSV Eindhoven, the former club of fellow Koreans Park Ji-Sung and Lee Young-Pyo.
On 28 June 2010 the 22-year-old Korean attacking midfielder signed a two-year contract with Tours FC of the French Ligue 2.
In January 2012, he returned to South Korea from the French side for K-League outfit Jeju United. On 31 January 2012, Song signed a three-year contract with Jeju on a free transfer.
In September 2016, he transferred to Al-Sharjah SCC.
International career
Song played for South Korea U-20 at the 2006 AFC Youth Championship and at the subsequent 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup. He scored two goals against Australia to knock them out of the 2006 AFC Youth Championship.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
FC Seoul
Korean League Cup: 2006
Newcastle Jets
A-League Championship: 2007–2008
References
External links
Song Jin-hyung – National Team Stats at KFA
1987 births
Living people
Footballers from Seoul
Association football midfielders
South Korean footballers
South Korea under-20 international footballers
South Korea international footballers
FC Seoul players
Newcastle Jets FC players
Tours FC players
Jeju United FC players
Sharjah FC players
K League 1 players
A-League Men players
Ligue 2 players
UAE Pro League players
South Korean expatriate footballers
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Australia
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in France
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Familial dysbetalipoproteinemia or type III hyperlipoproteinemia is a condition characterized by increased total cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and decreased HDL levels.
Signs and symptoms
Signs of familial dysbetaproteinemia include xanthoma striatum palmare (orange or yellow discoloration of the palms) and tuberoeruptive xanthomas over the elbows and knees. The disease leads to premature atherosclerosis and therefore a possible early onset of coronary artery disease and peripheral vascular disease leading to a heart attack, i.e. myocardial infarction, chest pain on exercise, i.e. angina pectoris or stroke in young adults or middle aged patients.
Causes
This condition is caused by a mutation in apolipoprotein E (ApoE), that serves as a ligand for the liver receptor for chylomicrons, IDL and VLDL, also known as very-low-density-lipoprotein receptor. The normal ApoE turns into the defective ApoE2 form due to a genetic mutation. This defect prevents the normal metabolism of chylomicrons, IDL and VLDL, otherwise known as remnants, and therefore leads to accumulation of cholesterol within scavenger cells (macrophages) to enhance development and acceleration of atherosclerosis.
Diagnosis
Treatment
First line of management are fibrates.
See also
Primary hyperlipoproteinemia
Apolipoprotein B deficiency
List of cutaneous conditions
References
External links
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Lipid metabolism disorders
The Chiapas montane forests are a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion in southern Mexico and extending into western Guatemala. It includes the montane tropical forests on the northern and northeastern slopes of the Chiapas Highlands.
Geography
The Chiapas montane forests lie on the northern and northeastern slopes of the Chiapas highlands, between the lowland Petén–Veracruz moist forests to the north and east and the Central American pine–oak forests in the higher mountains to the south.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is tropical and humid. The forests have a cooler climate than the adjacent lowlands, and average annual temperatures decrease with elevation.
Flora
The predominant plant community is mountain cloud forest. Characteristic tree species include majagua (Trichospermum mexicanum), American sweetgum (Liquidambar styraciflua) and alder (Alnus sp). There are approximately 98,050 hectares of primary forest, and 272,991 hectares of second-growth forest.
Fauna
Native animals include coyote (Canis latrans) and white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), mountain trogon (Trogon mexicanus), Steller's jay (Cyanocitta stelleri), Stuart's burrowing snake (Adelphicos veraepacis), and Godman's pit viper (Bothrops godmani).
Protected areas
A 2017 assessment found 273 km², or 5%, of the ecoregion is in protected areas. Protected areas include Nahá Flora and Fauna Protection Area, Montes Azules Biosphere Reserve, and Lagunas de Montebello National Park.
See also
List of ecoregions in Mexico
External links
References
Chiapas Highlands
Ecoregions of Mexico
Ecoregions of Guatemala
Montane forests
Natural history of Chiapas
Neotropical tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Cloud forests of Mexico
Zatrephes novicia is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by William Schaus in 1921. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
Subspecies
Zatrephes novicia novicia (French Guiana)
Zatrephes novicia rufobrunnea Rothschild, 1909 (Brazil)
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1921
A music magazine is a magazine dedicated to music and music culture. Such magazines typically include music news, interviews, photo shoots, essays, record reviews, concert reviews and occasionally have a covermount with recorded music.
Notable music magazines
Music magazines were very prolific in the United Kingdom, with the NME leading sales since its first issue in 1952. NME had a longstanding rival in Melody Maker, an even older publication that had existed since 1926; however, by 2001, falling circulation and the rise of internet music sites caused the Melody Maker to be absorbed into its old rival and cease publishing. Several other British magazines such as Select and Sounds also folded between 1990 and 2000. Current UK music magazines include Q, Kerrang! and Mojo (all published by EMAP). Magazines with a focus on pop music rather than rock and aimed at a younger market include the now-defunct Smash Hits and the BBC's Top of the Pops, which outlived the television show on which it was based.
The longest running music magazine of the UK is BMG, founded in 1903 by Clifford Essex. BMG, which stands for Banjo, Mandolin, and Guitar, is the oldest fretted-instrument-focused publication and actively promotes acoustic instruments of all kinds.
Major music magazines in the United States include Rolling Stone (founded in 1967), Down Beat (founded in 1934), and Spin (founded in 1985). Clash magazine was voted Music Magazine of the Year in 2004 and is the second largest UK online presence. Clash was also Awarded Magazine of the Year at the PPA Scotland Awards. Alternative Press has more of an "underground" coverage including pop punk, post-hardcore and metalcore.
A major digital magazine from Sweden is Melodic. Melodic has its focus mainly on (hard)rock, melodic metal as well as alternative music.
Among classical music magazines, Diapason is the most read in France.
An example of a nostalgia magazine is Keep Rockin', a 1950s and 1960s nostalgia magazine. The premier issue came out in January 2009. The magazine features a mixture of current events surrounding that time period (e.g. concerts, car shows) and stories with original photos from the 1950s and 1960s, as well as some reader-written articles about experiences growing up during that period.
Covermounts
Several music magazines include a free album of music (usually a compilation of tracks by various artists), known in the publishing industry as a covermount. The practice began in the 1980s with UK magazine Smash Hits giving away flexi discs, and graduated to mixtapes and compact discs in the 1990s, with modern magazines such as NME and Mojo frequently including cover compilations.
The tracks are cleared for release by the relevant record companies, and are usually released for promotional purposes.
See also
List of music magazines
Music magazines published in Australia
References
Magazine genres
The Cromwell Mountains is a mountain range on the Huon Peninsula in north-eastern Papua New Guinea.
The range is part of the Huon Peninsula montane rain forests. The character and species composition of the forests varies with elevation. Species of Castanopsis and Lithocarpus are the predominant trees in the lower montane forests, which extend from approximately 1000 to 2,000 meters elevation. Above 2,000 meters species of Xanthomyrtus, Vaccinium, and Rhododendron are common, transitioning to Lithocarpus–Elmerrillia forests at approximately 2,300 m. Above 2,400 meters, forests are dominated by broadleaved Elaeocarpus and the conifers Phyllocladus, Podocarpus, and Dacrydium. The mountains are home to the most extensive unlogged Dacrydium forests in the Southern Hemisphere.
References
Mountain ranges of Papua New Guinea
Huon Peninsula montane rain forests
Lawrence Gilbert "Larry" Gagosian (born April 19, 1945) is an American art dealer who owns the Gagosian Gallery chain of art galleries. Working in concert with collectors including Douglas S. Cramer, Eli Broad, and Keith Barish, he developed a reputation for staging museum-quality exhibitions of contemporary art.
Early life and education
Gagosian was born April 19, 1945, in Los Angeles, California, the elder sibling and only son to Armenian parents. His mother, Ann Louise, had a career in acting and singing, and his father, Ara, was an accountant and later a stockbroker. His grandparents (original last name Ghoughasian) immigrated from Armenia; he and his parents were born in California. Between 1963 and 1969, he pursued a major in English literature at UCLA and graduated in 1969.
He worked briefly in a record store, a bookstore, a supermarket, and in an entry-level job as Michael Ovitz's secretary at the William Morris Agency, but got his start in the art business by selling posters near the campus of UCLA in Los Angeles. He closed his poster shop around 1976, when a former restaurant facility became available in the same complex on Westwood's Broxton Avenue, and upgraded to prints by artists like Diane Arbus and Lee Friedlander. His gallery Prints on Broxton was renamed the Broxton Gallery when he began to show a wider array of contemporary art. The gallery worked with up-and-coming artists such as Vija Celmins, Alexis Smith, and Elyn Zimmerman, and staged exhibitions such as "Broxton Sequences: Sequential Imagery in Photography", which included the work of John Baldessari and Bruce Nauman.
Television executive Barry Lowen introduced Gagosian to Douglas S. Cramer, who introduced him to his ex-wife, Joyce Haber, who sold him her California art, which he promptly and profitably resold.
Career
In 1978, he opened his first gallery, on La Brea Avenue in West Hollywood, and began showing young Californians (Vija Celmins, Chris Burden) and new New Yorkers (Eric Fischl, Cindy Sherman, Jean-Michel Basquiat). That same year, he bought a loft in New York on West Broadway opposite the Leo Castelli Gallery. It was Castelli who introduced Gagosian to Charles Saatchi and Samuel Newhouse Jr. In his first New York appearance, in 1979, he presented David Salle's first exhibition in a loft at 421 West Broadway, in collaboration with dealer Annina Nosei. In 1982, Nosei and Gagosian staged an exhibition of Jean-Michel Basquiat in Los Angeles. Around that time, Basquiat worked from the ground-floor display and studio space Gagosian had built below his Venice home on Market Street.
In the early 1980s, Gagosian developed his business rapidly by exploiting the possibilities of reselling works of art by blue-chip modern and contemporary artists, earning the nickname "Go-Go" in the process. After establishing a Manhattan gallery in the mid-1980s, located at the ground-floor space in artist Sandro Chia's studio building at 521 West 23rd Street, Gagosian began to work with a stable of super collectors including David Geffen, Newhouse, Saatchi, and David Ganek. Bidding on behalf of Newhouse in 1988, Gagosian paid over $17 million for False Start (1959) by Jasper Johns, a then-record price for a work by a living artist. That record was beaten in 2008, when Gagosian paid $23.5 million at Sotheby's in November 2007 for Jeff Koons's Hanging Heart (an artist who happens to belong to the Gagosian gallery's stable).
In 1988, Gagosian bought the Toad Hall estate in Amagansett, New York, with an 11,000-square-foot house designed by architect Charles Gwathmey for fellow architect François de Menil in 1983, for $8 million. In 2009, he had Christian Liaigre design a home for him in Flamands Beach on St. Barths. In 2010, internet pioneer David Bohnett sold his 5,700 square foot Holmby Hills compound, originally designed by A. Quincy Jones for Gary Cooper, to Gagosian for $15.5 million, according to public records. Gagosian bought the former Harkness Mansion, an enormous townhouse at 4 East 75th Street in Manhattan, for $36.5 million<ref>Jennifer Gould Keil (August 17, 2011), Art of the Deal New York Post'.</ref> in 2011.
On 10 May 2022, Gagosian bought one of the four Shot Marilyns paintings by Andy Warhol, for a record breaking $195 million, making it the most expensive piece of 20th century art to change hands in a public sale.
Recognition
In 2011, the British magazine ArtReview placed Gagosian fourth in their annual poll of "most powerful person in the art world".
Legal issues
In 2003, Gagosian paid $4 million settlement after federal prosecutors accused him and three partners of failing to pay taxes on the sale of 58 works of art.
In 2012, suits and counter-suits were filed by Gagosian and Ronald Perelman against one another concerning an unfinished work by Jeff Koons and 10 others worth up to $45 million.
In 2012, Gagosian was sued for $14 million in a suit involving the sale of an edition of Girl in Mirror''.
Membership
Jazz at Lincoln Center, Member of the Board of Directors (since 2012)
Museum Berggruen, Member of the International Council
New York University Institute of Fine Arts, Member of the Board of Trustees
References
External links
Gagosian Gallery
1945 births
People from Los Angeles
American people of Armenian descent
Armenian American art collectors
American art collectors
American art dealers
Living people
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
People from Amagansett, New York
People from Holmby Hills, Los Angeles
Pann's is a coffee shop restaurant in the Westchester neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, known for its history, role in movies, and distinctive architecture. The restaurant was opened by husband and wife George and Rena Poulos in 1958. It is also known for its neon sign, Googie architecture, and 1950s decor. The building and its iconic neon sign were designed by architects Eldon Davis and Helen Liu Fong of the Armet & Davis architectural firm. Pann's remains one of the best preserved examples of Davis' Googie designs, according to the Los Angeles Times.
Like many coffee shops it serves breakfast all day. The restaurant also serves "blue-plate specials," complete meals that vary daily.
Pann's includes an angular edifice and large plate glass windows and has been described as having "the classic coffee shop architecture". It was designed by Helen Liu Fong, who also designed the Holiday Bowl, Johnie's coffee shop, and the original Norms Restaurant. She included tropical landscaping in the design, and was part of the firm of Armet & Davis that one commentator refers to as "the Frank Lloyd Wright of 1950s coffee shops." Pann's is currently owned by George and Rena's son Jim Poulos. Rena Poulos died at age 100 in 2017. Ed Begley, Jr. told a story about running into César Chávez at Pann's in the 1980s.
Pann's was featured in a story in the Los Angeles Times, "Going on a hunt for Googie architecture," which noted the restaurant's tilted roof and sign, tropical plants and exposed stone walls indoors and out, and glass windows wrapping around the restaurant. Pann's celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2008.
Recognition
Winner of the Los Angeles Conservancy Preservation Award
Pann's has operated under a number of snappy mottoes, including "Just Food, Service and Rock & Roll."
The restaurant has been featured in films such as xXx and Bewitched
Contrary to popular belief, Pulp Fiction was not filmed at Pann's; it was filmed at another restaurant owned by the Poulos family, Holly's, in Hawthorne.
References
External links
Restaurants in Los Angeles
Restaurants established in 1958
Googie architecture in California
1958 establishments in California
Westchester, Los Angeles
Hari Govindrao Vartak (February 9, 1914− October 7, 1998) also known as Bhausaheb Vartak was a social activist and politician from Maharashtra, who served as the cabinet minister in the ministry of Vasantrao Naik, handling the portfolio of Public health, Salt land and fishing. He also served as the Revenue Minister in the Maharashtra government.
The Government of India honoured him in 1991, with the award of Padma Shri, the fourth highest Indian civilian award for his contributions to the society.
He was from the Indian National Congress party. He won the 1962 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election from Bassein assembly seat.
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri in public affairs
State cabinet ministers of Maharashtra
Maharashtra MLAs 1962–1967
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly
Educators from Maharashtra
Marathi people
Social workers
Social workers from Maharashtra
Sharif Hussain (Urdu: ), who used the pseudonym Nasīm Hijāzī (Urdu: , commonly transliterated as Naseem Hijazi or Nasim Hijazi) (19 May 1914 – 2 March 1996), was an Urdu novelist.
Life and career
Hussain was born in an Arain family in the village of Sujaanpur, near the town of Dhariwal, in the Gurdaspur district of Punjab, in pre-partition India. He migrated to Pakistan after partition in 1947. He chose Islamic history as the inspiration for his novels.
Among the notable writers of his time, Ibn-e-Safi, Saadat Hasan Manto, and Shafiq-ur-Rehman were his popular contemporaries. He lived most of his life in Pakistan and died on 2 March 1996.
Naseem Hijazi died on 2 March 1996 at the age of 81 in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
Writing
Naseem Hijazi used historic settings as the background for his novels and based most of his work on Islamic history, demonstrating both the rise and fall of the Islamic Empire. His novels Muhammad Bin Qasim, Aakhri Ma'raka, Qaisar-o Kisra, and Qafla-i Hijaz describe the era of Islam's rise to political, militaristic, economic, and educational power, while Yusuf Bin Tashfain, Shaheen, Kaleesa Aur Aag, and Andheri Raat Ke Musafir describe the period of the Spanish Reconquista.
In Akhri Chataan, he depicts the Central Asian conquests of Genghis Khan and his destruction of the Khwarizm Sultanate.
Hijazi wrote two sequential novels on the British Raj, and described the shortcomings of many nations within India after the collapse of the Mughal Empire. The novel Mu'azzam Ali starts a little before the Battle of Plassey. The lead character, Muazzam Ali, joins the fight against the British with the army of Siraj-ud-Daula. The story progresses as the character moves from one place in India to another in search of lost glory and freedom. He takes part in the third battle of Panipat and finally settles in Srirangapattana, which is growing in power under the towering personality of Haider Ali. The book ends around the death of Ali. The second book on the battles in the same area, Aur Talwar Toot Gayee (And the Sword Broke), is about Haider's son Sultan Tipu, where the same character is finding his dreams being fulfilled in Tipu's valiant endeavours against the British East India Company. The book culminates in Sultan Tipu's sad and untimely martyrdom.
Hijazi also wrote the novel Khaak aur Khoon, which details the violence caused by religious tensions between Muslims, Sikhs, and Hindus at the time of the partition of British India and the Independence of Pakistan in 1947.
Although some historians have accused him of distorting historical facts in his novels, he has influenced many readers inside and outside Pakistan.
Publications
Selected adaptations
Shaheen
Awards and recognition
Pride of Performance Award by the President of Pakistan in 1992.
References
1914 births
1996 deaths
Urdu-language novelists
Pakistani historical novelists
Punjabi people
20th-century novelists
Pakistani dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Urdu-language writers
Urdu-language writers from Pakistan
Urdu-language historical novelists
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
Urdu-language travel writers
Pakistani travel writers
John Ludlow (fl. 1395) of Oxford was an English Member of Parliament for Oxford in 1395.
References
14th-century births
Year of death missing
14th-century English people
People from Oxford
English MPs 1395
The Paddle River is a short river in northern Alberta, Canada. Known as Pimiskāw sīpiy (Paddle River) by the Cree, the river was named because of its slow speed. During the fur trade era, a canoe could be easily paddled up the river, in contrast to the more arduous task of ascending a swifter river like the Pembina River that required poling or tracking.
Course
The river generally flows in an eastward direction from its headwaters, although there are significant meanders and a large number of oxbow lakes along its course. It passes near the hamlet of Rochfort Bridge, and brushes the municipality of Barrhead before joining the Pembina River near Manola, Alberta. It is bridged by many secondary highways, as well as Alberta Highway 43 and Alberta Highway 33.
Flooding
Throughout the history of European settlement along the Paddle River, flooding has been a constant issue. Both farmers and ranchers were attracted to the floodplain of the river due to the high quality of its soils. As human settlement increased, the economic costs associated with flooding became much more pronounced. Residents of the area eventually formed the 'Paddle River Drainage Association' to petition the provincial government for flood control. The Alberta Government eventually constructed a dam on the river near Rochfort Bridge to mitigate some of the worst effects of the flooding.
Tributaries
Little Paddle River
Romeo Creek
Connor Creek
Maxwell Lake
Kipp Lake
Neville Lake
See also
List of Alberta rivers
References
Rivers of Alberta
Statistics of the 1998-1999 Saudi Premier League.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Playoffs
Semifinals
Final
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
Sir Walter Calverley Trevelyan FGS FRSE (31 March 1797 – 23 March 1879) was an English naturalist and geologist.
Life
He was born in 1797 in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, the eldest son of Sir John Trevelyan, fifth baronet, of Nettlecombe, Somerset, by his wife Maria Wilson, daughter of Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson of Charlton, Kent. The family was, and is, Cornish, deriving its name from Tre-Velian or Trevelyan, near Fowey.
He was educated at Harrow School. He matriculated at University College, Oxford, on 26 April 1816, graduating B.A. in 1820 and M.A. in 1822. In the former year he proceeded to Edinburgh to continue the scientific studies which he had begun at Oxford.
In 1821 he visited the Faroe Islands, and published in the New Philosophical Journal (1835, vol. xviii.) an account of his observations, which he reprinted in 1837 for private circulation. Between 1835 and 1846 he travelled much in the south of Europe, but in the latter year succeeded to the title and family estates in Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, and Northumberland. These were greatly improved during his tenure, for he was a generous landlord and a public-spirited agriculturist, much noted for his herd of short-horned cattle.
He was elected a fellow of the Geological Society (FGS) in 1817, and was also elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE) in 1822, and of the Society of Antiquaries in 1854. For some years he was president of the United Kingdom Alliance. Botany and geology were his favourite sciences, but he had also an excellent knowledge of antiquities, and was a liberal supporter of all efforts for the augmentation of knowledge, among others of the erection of the museum buildings at Oxford. He was a liberal patron of the fine arts, and formed at Wallington Hall a good collection of curious books and of specimens illustrative of natural history and ethnology. In conjunction with his cousin, Sir Charles Edward Trevelyan, he edited the Trevelyan Papers (Camden Soc. 1856, 1862, 1872), to the third part of which a valuable introductory notice is prefixed. He published, according to the Royal Society's catalogue, fifteen papers on scientific subjects, the majority dealing with geological topics in the north of England.
He died at Wallington Hall on 23 March 1879.
Family
He was twice married: firstly, on 21 May 1835, to Pauline Jermyn (d.1866), daughter of George Bitton Jermyn; secondly, on 11 July 1867, to Laura Capel, daughter of Capel Lofft, of Troston Hall in Suffolk. As both marriages were childless, the title descended to his nephew, Sir Alfred Wilson Trevelyan (1831–1891), seventh baronet, but he left the north-country property to his cousin, Sir Charles Edward Trevelyan.
His will came as a surprise to Alfred, being advised at the end of a lengthy letter on the evils of alcohol. Alfred then issued a costly but unsuccessful challenge for the title and estate. A biographer from the family notes that Walter changed his will in 1852, being impressed by his cousin's son; the young George Otto had been one of the couple's visitors and received hints of the secret will. Coming from the modest family of a civil servant, Charles was suddenly elevated to a position of wealth and position.
A medallion head is introduced into the decorations of the hall at Wallington; a portrait in oils, painted by an Italian artist about 1845, is at Nettlecombe, and a small watercolour (by Millais) is in the possession of the widow of Sir A. W. Trevelyan.
References
Attribution
External links
English botanists
English geologists
1797 births
1879 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of University College, Oxford
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
19th-century British botanists
19th-century British scientists
Akinjide Elijah Idowu (born 9 September 1996) is a Nigerian footballer.
Career
Idowu joined United Soccer League side Portland Timbers 2 on 22 January 2016.
In 2018 was a member of lithuanian FK Palanga.
In 2019 he changed team and became a member of FK Atlantas Klaipėda.
References
External links
Timbers 2 Profile
1996 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Nigerian footballers
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Portland Timbers 2 players
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL Championship players
Nigeria youth international footballers
Autumn Crocus is a 1934 British romance film directed by Basil Dean and starring Ivor Novello, Fay Compton and Muriel Aked. The film follows a teacher who falls in love with the married owner of the guest house in which she is staying during a holiday to Austria. It was based on Dodie Smith's first play Autumn Crocus, previously a West End hit for director Basil Dean. The film was made by Associated Talking Pictures at Ealing Studios, with art direction by Edward Carrick. It was the final film appearance of its star, Ivor Novello. A contemporary reviewer wrote, "Novello's schoolboy knees under his Tyrolean shorts make the audience, if not the players, feel bashful".
Cast
Ivor Novello as Andreas Steiner
Fay Compton as Jenny Grey
Muriel Aked as Miss Mayne
Esme Church as Edith
Frederick Ranalow as Herr Feldmann
Jack Hawkins as Alaric
Diana Beaumont as Audrey
Mignon O'Doherty as Frau Feldmann
George Zucco as Reverend Mayne
Gertrude Gould as Frau Steiner
Alyce Sandor as Minna
Pamela Blake as Lenchen
Reception
The New York Times reviewer wrote, "the wistful romance of the fading English schoolmistress and the cheerful Tyrolean inn-keeper drags in its telling, and this in the face of the presence of Fay Compton and Ivor Novello in the principal rôles and of Basil Dean's direction". The critic felt that Compton overacted, surprising since she played the role on stage for more than sixty weeks, in contrast to "the performances of Mr. Novello, Muriel Aked and Esme Church, who did well, indeed." Still, the reviewer felt that Autumn Crocus "has a delicate charm, is handsomely photographed and presents a refreshingly different solution to a problem that would have had Hollywood's script-writers dashing madly in all directions."
References
Bibliography
Low, Rachael. Filmmaking in the 1930s Britain. George Allen & Unwin, 1985.
Perry, George. Forever Ealing. Pavilion Books, 1994.
External links
1930s romance films
1934 films
British romance films
Films directed by Basil Dean
Films set in Austria
British films based on plays
Associated Talking Pictures
Films set in hotels
Films about vacationing
British black-and-white films
Films based on works by Dodie Smith
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Mikko Oivanen (born 26 May 1986) is a Finnish volleyball player, a member of Finland men's national volleyball team.
Personal life
Mikko has a twin brother – Matti Oivanen, who is also a volleyball player.
Career
Clubs
Oivanen started his career with his brother Matti in Kiikoisten Kirma. Soon Finnish youth national team's coach picks him to youth national team. Mikko moved with his brother to Kuortane and started studying in local high school. Same time he trained with youth national team. On his last high school year Mikko played few games with his brother Matti in Vammalan Lentopallo that is competing in Finnish champion league. In 2004 he graduated from Kuortane. After Kuortane Oivanen made a contract with Raision Loimu which plays in Finland Championleague. He started playing there with his brother Matti. In his first season in Loimu Oivanen didn't get many minutes because Loimu's opposite player at the time was Argentinian Diego Bonini. In his first season in Finland league he won Finland Cup champion and was in the league fourth place. Second season in Loimu was good to Mikko. He rose to Loimu's number one opposite player and led his team to Finland Cup final again. In final Loimu lost to Napapiirin Palloketut. After two seasons in Loimu Oivanen made a contract with Rovaniemen Santasport. His brother Matti made a contract with Pielaveden Sampo so it was a first season without Matti. In Santasport Mikko led his team to European Cup best sixteen. In Finland league he led the team to finals against Pielaveden Sampo. Mikko played for the first time against his brother Matti. Finals were very exciting matches. Finals culminated to last fifth game in Kuopio. Full crowd saw fifth set game and Santasport took gold. Mikko get his first big victory.
After good a season, Mikko made contract to Turkish volleyball league with Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyespor. After European Championships, Mikko's price rise over a million euros. Many bigger clubs than Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyesi wanted Mikko, but Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyesi didn't want to lose their star. Mikko stayed in Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyesi. He played a good season and led a small club to sixth place in Turkish league. After one season in Turkey, Oivanen made a contract with Asseco Resovia Rzeszów. He won silver medal of Polish Championship 2009 and bronze medal of Polish Championship 2010. Then came back to Turkish club – Büyükşehir Belediyesi. After one season, he spent next seasons in Lotos Trefl Gdańsk, Paris Volley, Fujian. In 2014 trained with VaLePa Sastamala in Finland. Till the end of 2014–15 season, he had been playing for Polish club – Cerrad Czarni Radom. Next season he tried himself in Persian Paykan Tehran VC, he returned for a few months in Poland, playing with Indykpol AZS Olsztyn, but he finished the season back at home with the Finnish Hurrikaani Loimaa. In the summer of 2017 Mikko Oivanen made a contract with Greek powerhouse Olympiacos Piraeus. With the Pirsus club Oivanen won his first titles outside Finland; the Hellenic League Cup, and the Hellenic Championship. He also won the Silver medal of the 2017–18 edition of CEV Challenge Cup, helping a lot Olympiacos to their tremendous course to the final of the competition.
National team
Oivanen played his first national team game in season 2005 against Germany on European league. Finland survived to European League finals and the media chose Mikko as the best attacker. Young Finland team won a silver medal in the tournament. Oivanen made his breakthrough to the national team World league summer 2007. Finland's number one opposite player Matti Hietanen was hurt and Mikko got a chance to show his talent. He played a good World League summer and was the fourth best scorer in the whole league. After World League summer national team started training for European Championships in Moscow. There Mikko became one of the best opposite players of the world. He was the best scorer in the tournament and led Finland to its best ballgame achievement.
Sporting achievements
National team
2005 European League
Clubs
International competitions
2018 Men's CEV Challenge Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
National championships
2003/2004 Finnish Cup, with Vammalan Lentopallo
2005/2006 Finnish Cup, with Raision Loimu
2006/2007 Finnish Championship, with Rovaniemi Santasport
2017/2018 Greek Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
National trophies
2017/2018 Greek League Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
Individually
2005 European League – Best Spiker
2005 European League – Best Scorer
References
External links
Oivanen in Olympiacos Piraeus www.olympiacossfp.gr
Mikko Oivanen – Clubs, Awards www.nissehuttunen.com
1986 births
Living people
People from Huittinen
Finnish men's volleyball players
Finnish expatriates in Greece
Expatriate volleyball players in Greece
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate volleyball players in Turkey
Finnish expatriates in France
Expatriate volleyball players in France
Finnish expatriates in Poland
Expatriate volleyball players in Poland
Finnish expatriates in Iran
Expatriate volleyball players in Iran
Olympiacos S.C. players
Resovia (volleyball) players
Trefl Gdańsk players
Czarni Radom players
Sportspeople from Satakunta
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a centre back for club Kashima Antlers.
Youth career
Born in Tokyo, Sekigawa started playing football when he was three years old. He joined his first club, FC Tama Junior Youth, whilst he was in elementary school. He attended high school at Kashiwa High School attached to Ryutsu Keizai University where he played from his first year. In 2016, aged 16, Sekigawa's high school were runners-up in the Inter High School Championship following a 1–0 defeat to Funabashi Municipal High School. Sekigawa played 4 times in the competition, as well as another 8 games in the Prince Takamado Trophy JFA U-18 Football League.
The following year Kashiwa High School went one better in the Inter High School Championship and were crowned champions. Sekigawa started all five games and was one of the driving forces behind the victory – drawing some comparisons to Kashima Antlers centre-back Naomichi Ueda. During the competition, Sekigawa scored a hat-trick in their third-round 5–0 win over Ichiritsu Nagano High School. They also finished runners-up in the Japan High School Soccer Tournament, following a 1–0 defeat to Maebashi Ikuei High School.
In his final year at high school, Kashiwa High School once again lost in the final of the Japan High School Soccer Tournament – this time a 3–1 defeat to Aomori Yamada High School. The game was played in front of 54,194 supporters at Saitama Stadium 2002. Again Sekigawa was amongst the goals throughout the competition, scoring three goals in five games. In May 2018, it was announced that Sekigawa would be joining J1 League club Kashima Antlers for the 2019 season.
In his final competition for his high school, he was made captain for the 2018 Prince Takamado Cup, where he made 12 appearances and scored one goal.
Club career
In April 2019, Sekigawa made his professional debut for Kashima in a 0–1 AFC Champions League defeat to Gyeongnam FC. In his debut season, he played twice in the AFC Champions League and made one appearance in the Emperor's Cup.
Sekigawa made his J.League debut in the 2020 season, starting at centre-back in a 3–0 defeat by Sanfrecce Hiroshima. He went on to make 17 appearances across all competitions, playing over 1000 minutes of J1 League football and also making his first appearance in the J.League Cup.
In the 2021 season, Sekigawa scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 defeat to Urawa Red Diamonds. Following an indirect free-kick from the opponents half, Sekigawa looped a header over the goalkeeper to draw the game level. This was his first game back following suspension after receiving his first red card in a 1–0 defeat to Avispa Fukuoka the previous month. Sekigawa made 21 appearances across all competitions.
Following the departures of defenders Tomoya Inukai and Koki Machida before the start of the 2022 season, Sekigawa was handed the number 5 shirt was afforded much more playing time. He was first-choice centre-back for the first half of the season.
Club statistics
International career
Sekigawa has been selected for the U-16, U-17 and U-20 national team squads. However, he twice had to pull out of U-16 squad call-ups due to injury, firstly in August 2015 and secondly in May 2016.
In 2019, he was called-up to replace the injured Ryotaro Tsunoda as part of the U-20s Chiba training camp before the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup, although Sekigawa did not make the squad for the tournament.
References
External links
Profile at Kashima Antlers
2000 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
J1 League players
Kashima Antlers players
Josef Jech (4 October 1886 – 19 November 1957) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1908.
References
External links
1886 births
1957 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Folks River is a city and river along the Caribbean seacoast in Colón Province, Panama, near the Atlantic entrance to the Panama Canal. It is located at
By the time the United States acquired the rights to build the Canal in 1904, the settlement at Folks River — then called Fox River — consisted of “small, portable houses put up by the French and in bad condition,” and “24 main buildings in three rows,” between the railroad shops and the main line. In 1915, the town's population (then 932) changed its name to Folks River.
Nearby locales
References
Rivers of Panama
Discomycetes is a former taxonomic class of Ascomycete fungi which contains all of the cup, sponge and brain fungi and some club-like fungi. It includes typical cup fungi like the scarlet elf cup and the orange peel fungus, and fungi with fruiting bodies of more unusual shape, such as morels, truffles and the swamp beacon. New taxonomic and molecular data fail to support the monophyly of the discomycetes.
A common feature of Discomycetes are the asci, which are typically produced on the surface of cup-like fruiting bodies. In most discomycetes, each ascus contains eight sexual spores that are forcibly discharged into the air when mature.
In modern classifications, the members of the obsolete class are included in Pezizomycetes, Lecanoromycetes, Leotiomycetes and Sordariomycetes.
References
External links
The Discomycetes project at Harvard University (mainly Pezizales)
Synoptic keys to the inoperculate stromatic discomycetes in the Nordic countries: Sclerotiniaceae & Rutstroemiaceae
Ascomycota
Obsolete fungus taxa
Kotelniki is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia.
Kotelniki may also refer to:
Kotelniki (Moscow Metro), a metro station to be open in 2014 on the Tagansko-Krasnopresnenskaya Line of the Moscow Metro, Moscow, Russia
Kotelniki, Perm Krai, a rural locality (a village) in Perm Krai, Russia
The Roseville Police Department is responsible for policing the city of Roseville. The Chief of Police is Troy Bergstrom.
In 1995, a Roseville police officer shot and killed another officer, Mark A. White, during a shooting attack at the city's police station. White drew his weapon against the assailant, but another officer mistakenly believed White was also an assailant and shot and killed him.
Ranks
Assignments
Sworn assignments
Administration
Patrol
K-9 Unit
Traffic
Field Training
Special Problem Oriented Teams
Investigations
Community Services
Animal Control
Non-sworn assignments
Communications Unit
Crime Scene Investigators
Volunteers
Academy and training
Officers for the city of Roseville, as well as other cities in the area, receive their training at the Sacramento Police Academy.
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in California
Roseville, CA
References
Municipal police departments of California
1909 establishments in California
Government agencies established in 1909
Roseville, California
James P. Connolly is an American comedian and tv/radio host known for his frequent guest appearances on Larry Charles' Dangerous Word of Comedy on Netflix, America's Got Talent, and on several SiriusXM Comedy Channels. In 2002, Connolly was named Grand Comedy Champion on Next Big Star, a television talent show hosted by Ed McMahon. He is one of the most played comedians on Sirius XM Comedy and a sought after host for Fortune 500 companies and global events.
Early life
James P. Connolly was born and raised in San Mateo, California. He graduated from Aragon High School. He attended Harvard University on a Marine Corps ROTC Scholarship.
Military service
After college, Connolly was stationed at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, rising to the rank of captain, and served in Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm. There, his commanding officer, commissioned Connolly to write jokes for an officer's roast, which Connolly credits as the start of his comedy career.
Career
After a short stint as a karaoke DJ in San Diego, Connolly relocated to Los Angeles, California, where he began his comedy career at the World Famous Comedy Store in 1995 and worked as a Tour Guide at Universal Studios. Connolly began his career with a hipster onstage persona before losing the white jacket and the hipster style for a more contemporary look.
Connolly has appeared on Comedy Central and HBO. He won Grand Comedy Champion on Ed McMahon's short-lived talent show and has made multiple trips overseas to entertain the troops. He is a go-to for Fortune 500 companies and travels the world for events and meetings. Connolly hosted VH1's "Movie Obsessions" and "Live From Here" on XM Radio for National Lampoon. In October 2013, he recorded the SiriusXM Blue Collar Radio Comedy Concert at SirusXM's Nashville Studios.
Awards
Connolly was named Grand Comedy Champion on Next Big Star on TV Talent show hosted by Ed McMahon. He was awarded "Best of the Fest" at the San Luis Obispo Comedy Festival and four times in a row at the Burbank Comedy Festival. He was a finalist at the San Francisco International Comedy Competition (twice), Comedy Central National Stand Up Comedy Competition and the Boston Comedy Festival (twice).
Discography
Television, film and radio
Television appearances
Larry Charles' Dangerous World of Comedy (2019)
America's Got Talent (2017)
Comics Unleashed (2015)
Bob & Tom TV Show WGN (2008)
An American Thanksgiving with Bryant Gumbel (2006)
Latino Laugh Festival: The Show – Si Tv (2004)
Movie Obsessions (2002)
Next Big Star, w/Host Ed McMahon (2001–2002)
Jerry Lewis Telethon (1997, 1998)
Comedy Central – "Make Me Laugh" (1997)
Film
Holding Lucid (2014)
The Act (2004)
Boxing's Been Good to Me (2000)
Radio
SiriusXM Blue Collar Radio Comedy Concert
Audible A Journey from Combat to Comedy
Live From Here
The Dork Forest with Jackie Kashian
The Mother Funny Show by Kira Soltanovich
Bob and Tom Radio Show
References
External links
James P. Connolly official site
Harvard University alumni
American male film actors
American stand-up comedians
American talk radio hosts
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Living people
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Gulf War
People from San Mateo, California
Comedians from California
20th-century American comedians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mordon Malitoli (born 5 August 1968) is a former Zambia international football defender who played for clubs in Zambia, Zanzibar and Finland.
Playing career
Born in Mufulira, Malitoli began playing club football for local side Nkana F.C. In over a decade with the club, he won seven Zambian Premier League titles, five Zambian Cup titles and finished second in the 1990 African Cup of Champions Clubs.
Later in his career, Malitoli played in Zanzibar with Malindi F.C. and in Finland with Rovaniemen Palloseura.
Malitoli made several appearances for the senior Zambia national football team, including six FIFA World Cup qualifying matches, and he participated in the 1994, 1996 and 1998 African Cup of Nations finals.
Personal
Malitoli was the fifth of eight children and his brother, Kenneth, is also a former Zambia international footballer.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Zambian footballers
Zambia international footballers
1994 African Cup of Nations players
1996 African Cup of Nations players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Veikkausliiga players
Nkana F.C. players
Rovaniemen Palloseura players
Zambian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Association football defenders
Jackson National Fish Hatchery is a National fish hatchery in Jackson, Wyoming. The hatchery is run by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The hatchery is physically located on the National Elk Refuge, a protected feeding ground for elk that winter in the Jackson Hole valley. The fish hatchery produces fish for a distribution area in Wyoming and Idaho.
Species
The Jackson National Fish Hatchery rears one species of fish: the Snake River fine-spotted cutthroat trout (Oncoryhnchus clarki behnkei).
See also
List of National Fish Hatcheries in the United States
Saratoga National Fish Hatchery
References
External links
National Fish Hatcheries of the United States
Landmarks in Wyoming
Tourist attractions in Teton County, Wyoming
Buildings and structures in Jackson, Wyoming
Agricultural buildings and structures in Wyoming
USA-150, also known as GPS IIR-4 and GPS SVN-51, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the fourth Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched, out of thirteen in the original configuration, and twenty one overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
Launch
USA-150 was launched at 01:48:00 UTC on 11 May 2000, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D278, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-150 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
Mission
By 11 June 2000, USA-150 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.02 minutes, and 54.9° of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 20 signal, and operates in slot 1 of plane E of the GPS constellation, having replaced USA-35, the first operational GPS satellite. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. As of 2012 it remains in service.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2000
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Ian Allan, OBE (29 June 1922 – 28 June 2015) was a publisher who specialised in transport titles through his company Ian Allan Publishing.
Early life
Allan was born at Christ's Hospital independent school, Horsham, Sussex, where his father, G.A.T. Allan, was clerk to the school. He was educated at St Paul's School, London. At the age of 15, he had a leg amputated following an accident during Officers' Training Corps exercises. His hopes of joining the Southern Railway as a cadet were dashed as result of his failure to pass the school certificate examination. He was nevertheless offered a position in the Southern Railway's Public Relations Office at by Sir John Elliot. He stayed at the Southern Railway handling public enquiries including ones from railway enthusiasts and producing the company's magazine.
Publishing career
ABC guides
With the help of S.K. Packham, Chief Clerk in the Public Relations Office, Allan compiled a notebook with all the names, numbers, classes and shed allocations of Southern Railway locomotives, based on many of the requests he received about rolling stock. This was so well-received that Allan asked his chief officer, Cuthbert Grasemann, if he might publish it as a small booklet which would save costs in terms of replying to public enquiries and which could even make a small profit. The proposal was turned down but Allan was allowed to begin publication on his own behalf. Through the Public Relations Office, he met W.C. Brett of McCorquodale & Co. printers who agreed to publish the booklet. Two thousand copies of his first book, ABC of Southern Locomotives, were ordered for sale for a shilling each. On the day of its publication, 21 November 1942, Allan presented copies to Grasemann and Oliver Bulleid, the Southern Railway's Chief Mechanical Engineer. This backfired as Bulleid objected violently to the publication of a book about his locomotives without his knowledge and he threatened Allan with dismissal from the Southern Railway as well as an action for breach of copyright if he were to publish.
Undeterred, Allan went ahead with publication and sent a copy to Robert Holland-Martin, Chairman of the Southern Railway, who welcomed it and congratulated Allan on his entrepreneurial spirit. No further objection was raised to Allan's continued employment with the Southern, although he was barred from the Locomotive Drawing Office and informed that communications with the Locomotive Department had to be sent through official channels. The first edition was quickly sold out and enlarged editions followed with photographs provided by O.J. Morris, who had been a frequent contributor to the Southern Railway magazine. The ABC of Great Western Locomotives was published in 1943, followed by the ABC of London Midland & Scottish Locomotives, and the ABC of LNER Locomotives. The 20,000 copies of the first edition of an ABC guide covering London Transport railways, trams, buses, trolleybuses and coaches sold out in a few days despite the poor quality paper used. Allan's guides proved to be a success, leading to the emerging of trainspotting as a national hobby. With Mollie Franklin (later his wife) he formed the Ian Allan Locospotters' Club in 1949, which eventually grew to some 230,000 members.
Ian Allan Publishing
With the success of the ABC guides, Allan was having to divide his time between Staines, where the publishing office was based at his parents' home, Waterloo and where some of the Southern Railway's offices had been relocated. This demanding schedule led Allan to resign from the Southern Railway in 1945 to set up his own publishing company, Ian Allan Ltd. One of the first directors of the company was Cecil J. Allen, the best-known railway writer at that time, who had agreed to author Ian Allan's first book, Titled Trains of Great Britain. In 1946, Allen's son, Geoffrey Freeman Allen, joined the staff and was later to become Joint Managing Director.
In 1946, Allan founded Trains Illustrated magazine, which became Modern Railways in 1962. Buses Illustrated was introduced in 1949 as well as the Railway Modeller. In 1950, the company moved to larger premises on Hampton Court Road. In 1957, the Locomotive Publishing Company was acquired and its collection of 25,000 glass negatives became part of the Ian Allan collection. In addition, its publication the Locomotive was incorporated into Trains Illustrated.
Ian Allan Publishing reflected Allan's main hobbies. In addition to railway publishing, the company covered an extensive catalogue of Masonic publications. From the 1990s the Masonic titles were transferred to Ian Allan Publishing's dedicated subsidiary imprint Lewis Masonic.
Freemasonry
Ian Allan was a highly active Freemason, initiated in October 1955 in the Ashford Manor Lodge No 5045 at Staines. Later he also joined the Albert Duke of York Lodge No 4970 (also in Middlesex), and the Christ's Hospital Lodge No 2650 in London. He held senior rank in the masonic Province of Middlesex, and he was also appointed to office in the United Grand Lodge of England, serving as a Past Assistant Grand Director of Ceremonies from 1982 to 1992, and as a Past Junior Grand Deacon from 1992 until his death.
Other activities
Allan bought the Hastings Miniature Railway in 1948, and the Great Cockcrow Railway near Chertsey in 1960. He also led a successful campaign to reinstate steam-hauled excursions using privately owned locomotives, after the end of steam on British Rail. He was active in railway preservation and sat on various railway trusts. He was chairman of the Association of Independent Railways, and in the early 1980s was a member of the Transport Users' Consultative Committee for London.
He served as a governor of several schools. His recreations are listed in Who's Who as "swimming, touring, miniature railways, Freemasonry".
He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1995.
Family
Allan married Mollie Eileen Franklin in 1947. He was survived by her and their two sons.
Death
Allan died on 28 June 2015, one day short of his 93rd birthday.
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
1922 births
2015 deaths
English book publishers (people)
English amputees
Freemasons of the United Grand Lodge of England
People from Horsham
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Southern Railway (UK) people
British magazine publishers (people)
People educated at St Paul's School, London
British people associated with Heritage Railways
20th-century English businesspeople
In Cook Islands mythology, Vaitakere is the father-in-law of Tangaroa. He discovered breadfruit in the mountains and his wife discovered the chestnut.
See also
Polynesian mythology
References
Cook Islands mythology
Origin myths
Adjoua Sandrine Kouadio (born 22 March 1996), known as Sandrine Kouadio, is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward or a both-sides fullback for the Ivory Coast women's national team.
International career
Kouadio capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2019 WAFU Zone B Women's Cup.
See also
List of Ivory Coast women's international footballers
References
1996 births
Living people
Ivorian women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Women's association football fullbacks
Ivory Coast women's international footballers
In engineering, the Moody chart or Moody diagram (also Stanton diagram) is a graph in non-dimensional form that relates the Darcy–Weisbach friction factor fD, Reynolds number Re, and surface roughness for fully developed flow in a circular pipe. It can be used to predict pressure drop or flow rate down such a pipe.
History
In 1944, Lewis Ferry Moody plotted the Darcy–Weisbach friction factor against Reynolds number Re for various values of relative roughness ε / D.
This chart became commonly known as the Moody chart or Moody diagram.
It adapts the work of Hunter Rouse
but uses the more practical choice of coordinates employed by R. J. S. Pigott, whose work was based upon an analysis of some 10,000 experiments from various sources.
Measurements of fluid flow in artificially roughened pipes by J. Nikuradse were at the time too recent to include in Pigott's chart.
The chart's purpose was to provide a graphical representation of the function of C. F. Colebrook in collaboration with C. M. White, which provided a practical form of transition curve to bridge the transition zone between smooth and rough pipes, the region of incomplete turbulence.
Description
Moody's team used the available data (including that of Nikuradse) to show that fluid flow in rough pipes could be described by four dimensionless quantities: Reynolds number, pressure loss coefficient, diameter ratio of the pipe and the relative roughness of the pipe. They then produced a single plot which showed that all of these collapsed onto a series of lines, now known as the Moody chart. This dimensionless chart is used to work out pressure drop, (Pa) (or head loss, (m)) and flow rate through pipes. Head loss can be calculated using the Darcy–Weisbach equation in which the Darcy friction factor appears :
Pressure drop can then be evaluated as:
or directly from
where is the density of the fluid, is the average velocity in the pipe, is the friction factor from the Moody chart, is the length of the pipe and is the pipe diameter.
The chart plots Darcy–Weisbach friction factor against Reynolds number Re for a variety of relative roughnesses, the ratio of the mean height of roughness of the pipe to the pipe diameter or .
The Moody chart can be divided into two regimes of flow: laminar and turbulent. For the laminar flow regime (< ~3000), roughness has no discernible effect, and the Darcy–Weisbach friction factor was determined analytically by Poiseuille:
For the turbulent flow regime, the relationship between the friction factor the Reynolds number Re, and the relative roughness is more complex. One model for this relationship is the Colebrook equation (which is an implicit equation in ):
Fanning friction factor
This formula must not be confused with the Fanning equation, using the Fanning friction factor , equal to one fourth the Darcy-Weisbach friction factor . Here the pressure drop is:
References
See also
Friction loss
Darcy friction factor formulae
Fluid dynamics
Hydraulics
Piping
Kuuno Ola Honkonen (1 March 1922 – 9 July 1985) was a Finnish politician in the left-wing Finnish People's Democratic League. He was a member of the Finnish parliament, Eduskunta, from 1958 until 1979. In 1979, he became the Finnish ambassador to East Germany.
Honkonen was also an athlete, who finished 17th in the high jump at the 1948 Olympics.
References
1922 births
1985 deaths
People from Jakobstad
Finnish People's Democratic League politicians
Members of the Parliament of Finland (1958–62)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (1962–66)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (1966–70)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (1970–72)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (1972–75)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (1975–79)
Ambassadors of Finland to East Germany
Athletes (track and field) at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Finnish male high jumpers
Olympic athletes of Finland
Finnish sportsperson-politicians
Kaname Yokoo (, born 24 July 1972) is a Japanese professional golfer.
Career
Yokoo was born in Tokyo. He plays mainly on the Japan Golf Tour and has five wins there. After he won the Japan PGA Match-Play Championship in 2000 he reached his highest world ranking of #95.
Yokozuna's played full-time on the PGA Tour from 2001 to 2003 with his best finish a T-2 at the 2002 Phoenix Open. He recorded four other top-10 finishes on tour.
He finished runner-up at the 2005 Dunlop Phoenix Tournament, losing to Tiger Woods in a playoff.
Professional wins (6)
Japan Golf Tour wins (5)
Japan Golf Tour playoff record (0–1)
Other wins (1)
1994 Asian Games (as an amateur)
Results in major championships
Note: Yokoo only played in the U.S. Open.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Results in The Players Championship
CUT = missed the halfway cut
Results in World Golf Championships
"T" = Tied
See also
2000 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
Japanese male golfers
Japan Golf Tour golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Asian Games medalists in golf
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Golfers at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Nihon University alumni
Sportspeople from Tokyo
1972 births
Living people
Red tag or Red Tag may refer to:
Red tag, a color-tagged structure classification to represent the severity of damage or the overall condition of a building
Red tag, an aviation parts tag used in US aviation industry to indicate a part's serviceability
Red tag, a remove before flight tag or ribbon, used to indicate an aircraft or spacecraft component that must be removed before flight
Red Tag (artificial fly), a fishing lure used in the sport of fly fishing
Redtag.ca, a travel website owned by H.I.S.
Red-tagging in the Philippines, the malicious blacklisting of Filipino government critics
Thirumandhamkunnu Pooram() is an important temple festival of Central Malabar, Kerala, India. Thriumandhamkunnu Temple is said to be one among the three important Bhagavathi temples of Kerala, the others being Kodungallur and Panayannarkavu. Daily pooja attracts thousands of devotees. The famous Mangalya Pooja attracts thousands of young girls, who seeks fortune of a good wedlock.
The festival lasts for 11 days from Makayiram star in Meenam (March, April). There is evidence to prove that the pooram festival has a history going back to the early decades of the 16th century in the palm leaf records of Calicut University. People from different parts of the State have started reaching Angadipuram to seek.
The idol of the Bhagavathi was taken out of the sanctum sanctorum on a caparisoned elephant for a holy bath called ‘arat,' accompanied by elephants, nagaswaram and chendamelam. The ‘arat' will continue for 10 days.
Thousands of people lined up on both sides of the road for a close glimpse of the deity as the procession was taken out, marking the ‘Poorappurappadu.' The main event of this festival is Aarattu. The same is performed 21 times, in a sequence of one in the morning and one in the evening, for ten days and the final Aarattu on the eleventh day evening. Tenth day (21 April) evening is Pallivetta.
On the Pooram day mid night there is a ceremonial meeting between Valluvakkonathiri, the king of the erstwhile kingdom of Valluvanadu and Malayankutty, the head of Pana community who comes to the Pooram ground on a palanquin. It is known as Panante Varavu. This commemorates the religious harmony and the help rendered by the tribal chieftain to the Raja in bygone days. The twelfth day, from morning to evening there will be the performance of folk form Chavittukali. Ottamthullal, Paadhakom, Chakyar Kooth, Nagyarkouth, Thayambaka, Melam, cultural programmes etc. are performed during the festival days. Folk form Poothan is performed during the festival days at temple premise.
References
External links
Malappuram
Elephant festivals in Kerala
April observances
May observances
Hindu festivals in Kerala
Trafficante may refer to:
Trafficante crime family, mafia crime family in the state of Florida.
Santo Trafficante Sr. (1886–1954) Sicilian-born mobster, and father of the powerful mobster Santo Trafficante Jr.
Santo Trafficante Jr. (1914–1987) Powerful Tampa, Florida-born mobster, son of mobster Santo Trafficante Sr.
See also
James Traficant (19412014), U.S. Representative from Ohio
Olaf Bergenn (1 August 1853 – 1896) was a Norwegian trade unionist.
He was born in Saude. He worked as a typesetter in Kristiania from 1883. From 1886 he chaired the Norwegian Central Union of Book Printers, Norway's first lasting trade union. He was also its manager from 1888 to 1892, and edited the magazine for Nordic typographers, Nordisk Trykkeritidende, until his death in 1896.
References
1853 births
1896 deaths
People from Sauherad
Trade unionists from Oslo
Typesetters
The Church of Tonga (Siasi ʻo Tonga) is one of the churches in Tonga. It is located in the capital Nukualofa.
It was established in 1929 by those members who did not agree to the unification in 1924 of the Wesleyan mission and the Free church into the Free Wesleyan Church of Tonga, and they also did not agree with the schism of 1929 when the Free Church of Tonga broke away. So they broke away too, and were fully established the year after, 1929.
To avoid confusion with the Free Church of Tonga, this church is colloquially known as the Church of the Lords.
After the death of Siaosi Fīnau Mīsini in 1938, his son, Siaosi Tangata ʻo Haʻamea became the next president, until he died too in 1960. It is remarkable that despite that Vavaʻu is the estate of ʻUlukālala, the Church of Tonga is only very small there.
The Current Leader of the Church is Reverend Dr Tu'ipulotu Lofitu Katoanga, who has been President of the Church since 2012 replacing Reverend Dr Tevita Feke Mafi. Dr Katoanga is a Former Principal of Tonga College, he retired from the Government's Ministry of Education to take up his post prior to his presidency which was to become the Secretary General of the Church while Dr Mafi was President. He is also a son of a Former President of the Church, the Late Reverend Finau Katoanga. The Current Secretary General of the Church is Reverend Siosiua Siola'a.
References
Christian organizations established in 1928
Churches in Tonga
Elmore is a small town in Victoria north-east of Bendigo on the Campaspe River. Elmore is close to the Whipstick State Park.
At the , Elmore had a population of 776.
History
In the 1840s a small settlement developed on the Campaspe River servicing pastoral runs. The Post Office opened on 1 January 1849 as Bertram's Inn. On 1 January 1850 it was renamed Campaspie (sic). In 1864 when the township was established the name became Runnymede and in around 1882 the name was changed again to Elmore.
A Court of Petty Sessions opened at Elmore on 17 December 1965, despite its proximity to the then-existing court at Rochester. in 1971 along with other Courts of Petty Sessions and closed on 1 January 1983, having sat for only 24 hours and heard 280 cases in 1981.
The Town today
Local businesses include a branch of the Bendigo Bank, café, wine store, fish and chip shop, IGA supermarket, BP petrol station, the Shamrock Hotel, a two-storey old building slowly being restored to its original state, the Railway Hotel, the Victoria Hotel, the Elmore Bakery, the Elmore Pharmacy and a medical centre. A railway station is also located in Elmore.
In the first week of October one of Australia's oldest and largest field days is held at Elmore. In 2004 there were 45,000 visitors. The first field day was held at Elmore in 1964. There is now a permanent site with pavilions, conference rooms and catering facilities which are hired out.
In January 2007, the Elmore Events Centre was the location of the 2007 Australian Scout Jamboree, the 21st Australian Jamboree. Over 13,000 people attended from 22 different countries and all of the Australian states and territories. Elmore Events Centre will again host the 2022 Australian Scout Jamboree, the 26th Australian Jamboree.
The town has an Australian Rules football team playing in the Heathcote District Football League.
Golfers play at the course of the Elmore Golf Club on Hunter Road.
Elmore is also noted for being the home of the famous Elmore Oil, a product invented by longtime Elmore resident, Ralph Linford. Elmore Oil is a natural oil used for the relief of arthritis pain and was invented by Ralph in 1998. Elmore Oil uses the well-known eucalyptus oil grown locally in the region.
References
External links
About Elmore
Elmore field days - website
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Bendigo
Suburbs of Bendigo
Albert James William Price (4 October 1917 – 1995) was a professional footballer. He played as centre forward.
Born in Wrockwardine, Shropshire, Billy Price's career started at local side Wrockwardine Wood, before he signed for Huddersfield Town. His Town career was interrupted by the Second World War but by the time he left for Reading two years after the war he had scored 23 goals from 51 games. After a short stay at Reading he had a shorter spell at Hull City, although he did manage five goals in just eight games.
Instead he moved to Bradford City in October 1949, scoring a penalty in his second game, and finishing his first season as top goal-scorer with 12 league goals and four FA Cup goals including a hat-trick in a 9–0 rout of Fleetwood. Another 15 goals saw him finish as top goal-scorer again in 1950–51 before he left the following season after making just eight starts. His career took him to non-league Winsford United.
External links
HUDDERSFIELD TOWN : 1946/47 - 2008/09, Post War English & Scottish Football League A - Z Player's Transfer Database
READING : 1946/47 - 2008/09, Post War English & Scottish Football League A - Z Player's Transfer Database
HULL CITY : 1946/47 - 2008/09, Post War English & Scottish Football League A - Z Player's Transfer Database
BRADFORD CITY : 1946/47 - 2008/09, Post War English & Scottish Football League A - Z Player's Transfer Database
1917 births
1995 deaths
English footballers
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
Hull City A.F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
People from Wrockwardine
Louis S. Arkoff is an American film producer; he is the son of executive producer Samuel Z. Arkoff.
Arkoff studied cinema at University of Souther California and law at Loyola University. In 1973 he joined AIP as a legal administrator. He worked his way up to be an executive and vice president of the company.
Among his credits are several made-for-cable movies which were remakes of his father's films in the early 1990s.
Select credits
Film work
Television work
References
External links
Lou Arkoff filmography at New York Times
American film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tuomiojärvi is a lake in the city of Jyväskylä, Central Finland. The total size of the lake is 298 hectares and it has 7 islands. The average depth of the lake is 3.5 metres and the maximum depth is 13.1 metres. The lake has five official beach areas.
References
Lakes of Jyväskylä
Lynel Darcy Kitambala (born 26 October 1988) is a French footballer of Congolese descent who currently plays as a winger for French club JS Saint-Pierroise.
Career
Kitambala was born in Creil, France.
After playing for four other youth clubs in France, Kitambala finished his formation with Auxerre. After he was named on the bench for Auxerre's six games during 2007–08 season, he made his first team debut in a 0–0 home draw against Valenciennes on 1 November 2008, coming on as a substitute for Dennis Oliech.
In July 2009, Kitambala joined Ligue 2 club Dijon on a season-long loan deal.
On 20 August 2010, Kitambala signed a contract with Lorient, for an undisclosed fee thought to be in the region of €1.5 million. He made his debut at Stade du Moustoir on 28 August, and scored the second goal in a 2–0 win over Lyon. On 25 September, Kitambala scored a goal in the 89th minute against Monaco, securing a 2–1 victory for Lorient. He ended the season with 8 goals in all competitions.
On 31 August 2011, Kitambala signed with Saint-Étienne for a reported fee of €2.5 million. He made his debut for the club on 10 September, in a 3–1 home loss against Lille, coming on as an 85th-minute substitute for Laurent Batlles. He made only nine league starts throughout the season, in contrast to 24 starts he made in the previous season while at Lorient. In an attempt to earn some playing time, Kitambala spent the 2012–13 season on loan in the German 2. Bundesliga, where he played for Dynamo Dresden.
On 14 September 2015, Kitambala signed a two-year contract with Bulgarian side Levski Sofia.
In February 2019, he moved to Farense.
Career statistics
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
People from Creil
Sportspeople from Oise
French footballers
French expatriate footballers
France youth international footballers
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Belgian First Division B players
Slovak Super Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
2. Bundesliga players
AJ Auxerre players
Dijon FCO players
FC Lorient players
AS Saint-Étienne players
Dynamo Dresden players
PFC Levski Sofia players
Royale Union Saint-Gilloise players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C. players
FK Senica players
S.C. Farense players
French sportspeople of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
French expatriate sportspeople in Germany
French expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
French expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
French expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
French expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Black French sportspeople
Footballers from Hauts-de-France
The Communist International was the eponymous official magazine of the Moscow-based Communist International (Comintern). The publication was published from 1919 until 1943 in a multiplicity of languages including (but not limited to) Russian, German, English, and French. Issued irregularly, monthly, or semi-monthly depending upon the language and year, the magazine is regarded as a vital primary source for the study of the international Communist movement.
Publication history
Establishment
The Communist International was a magazine launched at the March 1919 establishment of the Communist International in Moscow. The publication was intended as the official organ of the governing Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI), headed by its president, Grigory Zinoviev, and was initially published in the four most commonly-used languages of the international Communist movement — Russian, German, English, and French.
The earliest issues of The Communist International were produced at the Comintern's offices at Smolny in Petrograd, with Zinoviev listed as the publication's editor. The first issue saw print about two months following the conclusion of the Founding Congress of the Communist International, bearing a cover date of May 1919.
The publication was originally planned to be a monthly, although by the end of 1919 it had slipped into a slightly slower and more irregular pace of production.
The large-format magazine was intended to convey news, Marxist theory, strategic ideas, and official pronouncements of the so-called "World Party," the Comintern to its supporters and sympathizers around the world, with a view to paving the way for world revolution. In the estimate of one historian, early issues of The Communist International were largely "a compendium of the arguments that Bolsheviks felt would win the working class to their cause."
The leading contributor to The Communist International during its inaugural year of 1919 was Grigory Zinoviev, who contributed 11 signed pieces to the publication. Vladimir Ulianov (N. Lenin) provided an additional 7 signed pieces for the seven issues of 1919, with French Comintern functionary Victor Serge adding more.
The Communist International was hampered by the Allied blockade of Soviet Russia during its formative years, a situation which both restricted the receipt of timely news of the world revolutionary movement and which greatly constrained distribution of the printed publication. Owing to these circumstances, it was not effective as a transmission mechanism of timely news and information, a function fulfilled with greater success through the use of carefully focused radio-telegrams by the Comintern. These pioneer radio broadcasts were able to be transmitted through any physical blockade and heard in Sweden or Switzerland before being transmitted to the radical press in the United Kingdom, Germany, or elsewhere in Europe for newspaper reproduction.
The glossy and illustrated Communist International was supplemented in its intended task of spreading official documents and pronouncements of the Comintern with the September 1921 launch of a second, less elaborate and more frequent publication — the smaller-format International Press Correspondence (Inprecorr).
Publication schedule
Initial issues of The Communist International, known retrospectively as the "Old Series," were first published in Russian with direct translation of content into German and English, although not every issue of the first dozen or so (issued during the years of the Allied blockade) made it to print in English.
Beginning in the early 1920s production of the magazine in non-Russian editions was decentralized, with the English-language edition published in London and from there exported to the United States. As its availability increased, the magazine became required reading for Communist Party leaders around the world. A "New Series" of numbers for the London-produced English edition began in 1924.
Through 1925 and into 1926 the magazine appeared regularly as a monthly in both Russian and English. However, in September 1926 the Russian edition moved to a weekly frequency, with the English edition only partially following the change, moving to a semi-monthly publication schedule in 1927. This twice-a-month frequency of the English edition was maintained through September 1935, when the magazine once again moved to a monthly schedule.
Beginning in January 1934 parallel English-language editions of The Communist International were produced in London and New York City, initially with identical covers and pagination, but eventually with slightly different form and content. This situation changed dramatically at the end of 1939, following the summer signing of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, paving the way for war between Nazi Germany and the United Kingdom.
Termination and legacy
The British edition of the magazine was abruptly terminated in December 1939 although a modified American magazine was permitted to appear beginning in 1940, with mention of the magazine's official status removed from the banner in favor of the words, "Edited by Earl Browder." The American edition continued to publish translations of a limited number of articles from the Russian edition but essentially served as a voice of the Communist Party, USA during its final years of existence.
The American version of the publication continued to be produced in New York through 1943, at which time the Comintern was abruptly dissolved as a wartime gesture by Joseph Stalin's Soviet Union towards his capitalist allies in World War II and along with it the magazine by the same name.
Regarded by historians as one of the most important primary sources relating to the international Communist movement, The Communist International was reissued in multiple hardcover volumes by the publisher Greenwood Press in 1968 as part of their series of reissues of periodicals of the American radical movement.
References
Further reading
Witold S. Sworakowski, "Communist International: New York, 1919-1940," in Joseph R. Conlin (ed.). The American Radical Press, 1880-1960. Volume 1. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1974; pp. 217–223.
External links
Tim Davenport (ed.), "Index of the Old Series of The Communist International," Early American Marxism website, www.marxisthistory.org/
Communist periodicals published in the United States
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Comintern
Magazines established in 1919
Magazines disestablished in 1943
Marxist magazines
Russian-language magazines
Magazines published in the Soviet Union
Defunct political magazines published in the United States
Magazines published in Moscow
Political magazines published in Russia
Defunct magazines published in Russia
Reinier is the Dutch form of the Germanic masculine given name Raginheri, composed of the two elements ragin ("advice") and heri ("army"). It is equivalent to Scandinavian Ragnar, German Rainer, French Rainier, and Spanish and Italian Raniero. An archaic spelling is Reynier or Reijnier. People with the name Reinier include:
Reinier
Reinier Alcántara (born 1982), Cuban footballer
Reinier Asmoredjo (born 1962), Surinamese artist
Reinier Cornelis Bakhuizen van den Brink (born 1881), Dutch biologist
Reinier Cornelis Bakhuizen van den Brink (born 1911), Dutch biologist, and son of the above.
Reinier Beeuwkes (1884–1963), Dutch footballer
Reinier Blom (1867–1943), Dutch gymnast
Reinier Boitet (1691–1758), Dutch publisher and writer
Reinier Butöt, Dutch curler
Reinier Camminga (fl. 1300-1306), Governor of Friesland
Reinier Craeyvanger (1812–1880), Dutch painter and etcher
Reinier Estpinan (born 1982), Cuban sport shooter
Reinier de Graaf (1641–1673), Dutch physician and anatomist
Reinier de Graaf (architect) (born 1964), Dutch architect
Reinier Groenendaal (born 1951), Dutch cyclo-crosser
Reinier Honig (born 1983), Dutch racing cyclist
Reinier Jesus Carvalho (born 2002), Brazilian footballer
Reinier Kreijermaat (1935–2018), Dutch footballer
Reinier Leers (1654–1714), Dutch publisher
Reinier Nooms (c. 1623–1667), Dutch maritime painter a.k.a. as Reinier Zeeman
Reinier van Oldenbarnevelt (c.1588–1623), Dutch political figure, son of Johan van Oldenbarnevelt
Reinier Paping (born 1931), Dutch speed skater, winner of the Elfstedentocht of 1963
(1564–1636), Dutch merchant and mayor of Amsterdam
Reinier van Persijn (1615–1668), Dutch engraver of portraits and bookplates
Reinier Por (died 1653), Dutch governor of Mauritius
Reinier Robbemond (born 1972), Dutch football player and manager
Reinier Rojas (born 1986), Cuban volleyball player
Reinier Saxton (born 1988), Dutch golfer
Reinier Johannes Charles Smits (born 1953), Dutch linguist
Reinier van Tzum (c.1605–1670), Dutch merchant and official of the Dutch East India Company
Reinier Vinkeles (1741–1816), Dutch painter and engraver
Reinier Wilhelmus Welschen (1941–2013), Dutch Labour Party politician
Reynier
Reynier Anslo (1622–1669), Dutch poet
Reynier Casamayor Griñán (b. 1975), Cuban musician and medical doctor
Reynier Covyn (1632–1681), Dutch genre painter
Reynier van Gherwen (1620–1662), Dutch painter
Reynier Hals (1627–1672), Dutch painter, son of Frans Hals
Reynier de Klerck (1710–1780), Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies
Reynier Mena (b. 1996), Cuban sprinter
Reynier Schaets (d. 1691), surgeon and justice at Schenectady, New York, where he died in the Schenectady Massacre
Reynier van Rooyen (b. 1990), South African rugby player
Reynier Jacob Wortendyke Jr. (1895–1975), United States federal judge
Renyer
Renyer (b. 2003), Brazilian footballer
See also
Rainer (disambiguation)
Reginar
Regnier (disambiguation)
Reynier (disambiguation)
Renyer
Dutch masculine given names
Mahakali Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising four districts, namely, Baitadi, Dadeldhura, Darchula and Kanchanpur. Here is district wise List of Monuments which are in the Mahakali Zone.
Mahakali Zone
List of monuments in Baitadi District
List of monuments in Dadeldhura District
List of monuments in Darchula District
List of monuments in Kanchanpur District
References
Mahakali Zone
Visuals is the seventh studio album by Danish alternative rock band Mew. It was released on 28 April 2017. First single "85 Videos" was released together with a music video on 16 February. It is the first Mew album not to feature guitarist Bo Madsen, who left the band after their previous album, + -, was released in 2015.
Critical reception
Upon its release, the album received favourable reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 74, based on 9 reviews.
Track listing
Personnel
Mew
Jonas Bjerre – vocals, keyboards, guitar
Johan Wohlert – bass, backing vocals, guitar
Silas Utke Graae Jørgensen – drums, percussion
Additional personnel
Mads Wegner – additional guitar
Marius Neset – saxophone
Bo Rande – trumpet, flugelhorn
Sasha Ryabina – backing vocals
Charts
Release history
References
2017 albums
Mew (band) albums
PIAS Recordings albums
The Winnington Laboratory was a former chemical laboratory at Winnington, near Northwich, in Cheshire, England.
History
The Winnington Works were built in 1874.
The laboratory was set up by the ICI Alkali Division of Imperial Chemical Industries. The chemist Francis Arthur Freeth arrived in 1907, and became head of the laboratory. ICI was formed in 1926.
Discovery of polythene
On 24 March 1933 two scientists conducted an experiment that produced polythene (polyethylene). Benzaldehyde was reacted with ethene (ethylene) at 2,000 atmospheres pressure. Sir Michael Perrin worked with this group of scientists from October 1933 until 1938. In December 1935 he conducted an experiment that allowed polythene to be created. Polythene is the world's most widespread plastic.
In 1958, manufacture of polythene was moved to ICI's plant in Hertfordshire (ICI Plastics).
Structure
The laboratory was off the A533 next to the River Weaver and south of Barnton, Cheshire. The nearby chemical works make soda ash (sodium carbonate). 280 staff worked at the laboratory.
See also
Billingham Manufacturing Plant, former ICI fertiliser plant
British Plastics Federation
ICI Fibres Research Centre at Harrogate
Widnes Laboratory, where the world's first synthetic general anaesthetic gas was developed
References
External links
Science Museum ICI Polythene archive
Chemical industry in the United Kingdom
Imperial Chemical Industries
Research institutes in Cheshire
Northwich
The Carnegie Library is in Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, England.
The foundation stone of St. Anne's Library was laid in August 1904 and the building was officially opened on 10 January 1906. The land was given by the St. Anne's on the Sea Land and Building Company, and Andrew Carnegie paid for the building itself. This was the first library in the town.
There is also a library at Lytham.
The library was administered by the St Anne's on the Sea Urban District until 1922 when the Urban District Council amalgamated with Lytham U.D.C. to form the municipal borough of Lytham St. Annes. The Borough continued to operate the service until 1974 when the Library Service was taken over by Lancashire County Council and became the District Central Library of Fylde District.
The development and opening of the building
Councillor L S Stott, Chairman of St Anne's on the Sea Urban District Council had been in communication with the American Philanthropist and benefactor of public libraries, Andrew Carnegie and Council Minutes (General Purposes Committee) of 29 June 1903 report that he received "an intimation from Mr Carnegie's private secretary that he would give the sum of £3,500 for the erection of a library".
The offer was gratefully accepted and a sub committee was appointed to consider a suitable site for the library. A number of options were considered including a site on St Annes Road East but the offer of a site on Clifton Drive South from the Land and Building Company was eventually settled on.
In October 1903 architects were invited to submit designs for the library – the total cost was not to exceed £3,500. Mr John Dent Harker of St Anne's won the contract and was appointed as the architect and in March 1904 the tender for the building was awarded to Mr Samuel Wilson also of St Anne's. The building process wasn't without difficulty and the Council experienced some problems with the building contractor. The Council Minutes (Library and Baths Committee) of 30 October 1905 note that "...the Architect submitted correspondence which had taken place between himself and the Contractor with reference to the great delay there has been in completing the Library building; he also reported that he had given the Contractor seven days notice to complete the work, and that the Contractor had commenced on the last day of the notice to proceed to complete the work.",
These problems were, however, overcome and St. Annes Library was opened on Wednesday 10 January 1906, the official ceremony being performed by Councillor George Walters Spring, J.P. The land was given by the Land and Building Company and Andrew Carnegie paid for the building itself.
This description of the building comes from the St Anne's on the Sea Express of 10 January 1906 - "It is convenient and effective in arrangements and presents an imposing appearance. The style is an adaptation of Victorian Renaissance……The main entrance leads through to a vestibule to a large octagonal hall. Lighted by clerestory windows and surmounted by a domed roof. On the right side of the entrance hall is a niche containing a bust of Sir Walter Scott.",
Pevsner's Buildings of England - Lancashire:North describes the building as ".....every inch the early 20C Carnegie Library. Low, Baroque of red brick and buff terracotta with a corner entrance flanked by tiny oculi and an octagonal domed tower rising behind. Light and airy inside, with a range of low arches to one side and friendly bays on the other".
In the Library's first Annual Report submitted in July 1907, it states that prior to 1 April 1906, 1500 borrowers' tickets had been issued although "a large proportion were not generally in use". In the subsequent year, another 637 had been issued to bring the total to 2137. The number of books issued in the year ending Mar 1907 was 48,468 – the vast majority of those being fiction. A writer for the St Anne's on the Sea Express might have remarked on this. In the article on the opening of the Library on 10 January 1906, it was commented that "The reading of novels is not calculated to bring out the best that is in men and women" which was the reason for also stocking the library with volumes that might benefit the more "serious side" of mankind, such as "Books treating of poetry, travel, social science, political economy, natural history, philosophy etc."
In the years after the opening of the building the service expanded and by 1929 an extension was thought to be urgently required. The council were granted permission to borrow £2,000 to carry out the building in April 1930 and in March 1931 tenders for the work were accepted. The building work was carried out by John Heap and Sons of St Anne's and the constructional steelwork by John Booth and Sons of Hulton Steelworks, Bolton. The extension was opened on 25 September 1932 and a reorganised lending department opened on 9 October 1931.
Library staff
The first Librarian in charge, appointed in July 1905, was a Mr T P Thompson who had come from Bolton where he had worked at the Bolton Free Library for 14 years. By March 1906, however, he had been replaced by Miss Bertha M Barrow. The minutes of the Library and Baths Committee of the Council reports that after his resignation, her appointment was accepted on 26 February 1906 at a salary of £60 per annum. The minutes state that it was resolved "That a lady librarian be appointed to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr T. P Thompson". The St Anne's on the Sea Express of 7 March 1906 tells us that "Miss Barrow was an applicant when the council advertised last year, but the committee had, at that time, resolved to appoint a male librarian. The committee therefore knew her qualifications and for that reason the vacant post was not again advertised. The Council, we believe, will not regret their choice." The Express also commented that as at that time 70% of those who attended St Annes Library were women the appointment was especially appropriate.
She found an eloquent champion in the Express—on 18 April 1906, after she had reorganised the library it commented that " ……Miss Barrow has great reason to feel proud of all that she has accomplished in such a short space of time". An enlightened position for the newspaper in an age when women hadn't yet achieved the vote and although, the 1901 census shows that over 30% of women over the age of 10 were in paid employment, 80% of those were in domestic service, other services or manufacturing. At the time less than 9% of working women were in the professions let alone in a management position. Miss Barrow actually served the people of St Anne's for over 30 years and retired from her post just before the start of World War II in August 1939.
Bertha Barrow was succeeded by Graham Leslie Parish from Sheffield who was 26 at the time of his appointment and was chosen from 50 applicants. His tenure in the post was cut short due to his death in World War Two.
After the outbreak of war he joined the RAF and in September 1942 he was a navigator on a delivery flight to the Middle East command. When the plane was forced down on rough ground at a Sudan airfield it hit a building and burst into flames. Although the crew escaped unhurt Sergeant Parish went back for a passenger they were carrying, a Sudan government meteorologist called Mr J Flower. Both men were killed in the blazing plane. In April 1943 Graham Parish was awarded the George Cross posthumously for his brave and selfless actions and "gallantry of the highest order". The Times of 3 April 1943 reported "As the passenger could not walk, owing to his broken legs, it is clear that Sgt. Parish had carried him from the emergency door to the rear turret in the hope that both could escape through the turret. Sgt Parish could have escaped through the astro-hatch but his unselfish desire to assist the passenger cost him his life",
References
Bibliography
Lytham St Annes Civic Society (2006), The listed buildings of Lytham St Annes.
Peter Shakeshaft(2008), St Anne's on the Sea: a history, Carnegie Publishing.
St Anne's on the Sea Urban District Council, Minutes of Proceedings of the St Anne's on the Sea Urban District Council - various dates noted in text.
St Anne's on the Sea Express - Various dates noted in text.
The Times - Date noted in text.
Lancashire Library, Fylde District (c1970), St Annes Carnegie Library: in the beginning - Duplicated typescript
Clare Hartwell and Nikolaus Pevsner (2009), The buildings of England - Lancashire: North, Yale University Press.
External links
Amounderness.co.uk
St Annes Library
Library buildings completed in 1906
Carnegie libraries in England
Lytham St Annes
Public libraries in Lancashire
Buildings and structures in the Borough of Fylde
Grade II listed buildings in Lancashire
1906 establishments in England
KNM ER 3733 is a fossilized hominid cranium of the extinct hominid Homo ergaster, alternatively referred to as African Homo erectus. It was discovered in 1975 in Koobi Fora, Kenya, right next to Lake Turkana, in a survey led by Richard Leakey, by a field worker called Bernard Ngeneo.
KNM ER 3733 is one of the oldest Homo ergaster skulls in the world. Recent research using magnetostratigraphy has determined the age of KNM-ER 3733 to be a million years old.
KNM ER 3733 is a find of a near-complete cranium. Its brain size is about 850ccm. KNM ER 3733 was compared to male fossils KNM ER 3883 and KNM WT 15000 (Turkana Boy), who were also found at the Koobi Fora site, and because of this, is said to be female. The features of KNM ER 3733 are less robust compared to the two male crania. It is considered an adult because of the extensive wear of its teeth, the fact that its third molars were present before the individual died, and because its cranial sutures were fully fused, which is only possible in adult specimen.
See also
List of fossil sites
List of human evolution fossils
KNM WT 15000 ("Turkana Boy")
KNM-ER 1470 (Homo rudolfensis)
Notes
References
External links
Archaeology Info
Homo ergaster fossils
Prehistoric Kenya
1975 archaeological discoveries
1975 in Kenya
Peter J. Rohrman (born February 9, 1970) is an American operations manager, Marine veteran, volunteer firefighter, volunteer coach, and political activist. A native of Carlstadt, New Jersey, he ran for Bergen County Freeholder in 2015 and 2016. Rohrman was the New Jersey Libertarian Party nominee in New Jersey's 2017 gubernatorial election.
Background
Rohrman was raised in Carlstadt, New Jersey and was a latchkey kid to a blue collar family. He describes football as instrumental in his growth as a student. He is a single father with two sons. He and his family reside in Ramsey, New Jersey.
He joined the U.S. Marine Corps and ascended to Infantry Platoon Sergeant in charge of 39 fellow Marines while serving in Operation Desert Storm. Rohrman went on to study computer science at Rutgers University in Newark. He has more than 10 years experience as an operations director for a large internet service provider. He has volunteered for over 20 years as a youth athletic coach and is a former volunteer firefighter.
Politics
Rohrman ran for Bergen County Freeholder in both 2015 and 2016, receiving 8,691 votes in 2016.
Rohrman became the Libertarian nominee for the 2017 New Jersey gubernatorial election on March 11, 2017, during the New Jersey Libertarian Party State Convention. Rohrman's platform includes legalizing marijuana, tax reform, school choice, and ending corporate welfare. He believes that New Jersey should be a concealed-carry state and that all non-violent criminals in state prisons should be immediately pardoned. His running mate was Karrese Laguerre.
Rohrman sees drug addiction as a personal and public health issue, supports the legalization of marijuana, and supports the release of those imprisoned for non-violent drug crimes.
See also
Libertarian Party (United States)
References
External links
Peter Rohrman at Ballotpedia
1970 births
Living people
Candidates in the 2017 United States elections
New Jersey Libertarians
People from Carlstadt, New Jersey
People from Ramsey, New Jersey
Rutgers University alumni
Heinrich Hencky (2 November 1885 – 6 July 1951) was a German engineer.
Born in Ansbach, he studied civil engineering in Munich and received his PhD from the Technische Hochschule Darmstadt. In 1913, he joined a railway company in Kharkiv, Ukraine. On the outbreak of World War I he was interned. After the war he taught at Darmstadt, Dresden and at Delft in the Netherlands.
At Delft University of Technology he worked on slip-line theory, plasticity and rheology, for which he is best known.
In 1930 he went to Massachusetts Institute of Technology and in 1931 gave one of the first lectures on rheology. He returned to Delft and then to Germany. In 1936 he went to Russia, teaching at Kharkiv and Moscow.
Hencky died in a climbing accident at the age of 65.
See also
Maxwell–Huber–Hencky–von Mises theory
Hencky strain
Works
H. Hencky, "Der Spannungszustand in rechteckigen Platten". Mit 12 Abb. im Text und 7 Tafeln. München und Berlin, R. Oldenbourg, 1913
H. Hencky, "Über einige statisch bestimmte Falle des Gleichgewichts in plastischen Korpern" - Z. Angew. Math. Mech, 1923
H. Hencky, „Über die Form des Elastizitätsgesetzes bei ideal elastischen Stoffen“. Zeitschrift für technische Physik, 9, 215-220 (1928)
References
External links
Structure, Deformation, and Integrity of Materials: Fundamentals and elasticity
Deformation Theory of Plasticity
Engineers from Bavaria
Technical University of Munich alumni
1885 births
1951 deaths
Technische Universität Darmstadt faculty
People from Ansbach
Sport in Slovenia consists of a wide range of team and individual sports. The most popular team sports are football, basketball, volleyball, ice hockey, and handball. While the most popular individual sports are skiing, ski jumping, athletics, cycling, and tennis. Slovenia has competed at fifteen Olympic Games since its inaugural appearance at the 1992 Winter Olympics and is also known for its extreme sport athletes, such as ultramarathon swimmer Martin Strel and extreme skier Davo Karničar.
Team sports
Association football
The highest level of association football in Slovenia is the Slovenian PrvaLiga, which consists of ten teams. The Slovenia national football team have qualified for the FIFA World Cup on two occasions (2002 and 2010), and the UEFA European Championship once (2000). Notable Slovenian international players include Samir Handanović, Milivoje Novaković, Josip Iličić, Boštjan Cesar, Jan Oblak, Bojan Jokić, Valter Birsa, Brane Oblak, Danilo Popivoda, Srečko Katanec, Džoni Novak, and Zlatko Zahovič.
Basketball
The highest level of basketball is the Premier A Slovenian Basketball League. The Slovenian national basketball team has appeared in three FIBA World Cups (2006, 2010, 2014) and fourteen EuroBasket tournaments, highlighted by a fourth-place finish in 2009 and the gold medal in 2017. Notable Slovenian basketball players include Goran Dragić, Zoran Dragić, Luka Dončić, Sasha Vujačić, Radoslav Nesterović, Vlatko Čančar, Beno Udrih, Matjaž Smodiš, Marko Milič, Ivo Daneu, Peter Vilfan, Vinko Jelovac, Aljoša Žorga, Primož Brezec, Boštjan Nachbar, Sani Bečirović and Jaka Lakovič.
Ice hockey
The highest level of ice hockey is the Slovenian Ice Hockey Championship. The Slovenia men's national ice hockey team has competed at 28 Ice Hockey World Championships between 1993 and 2022, with 9 appearances in top division. One of Slovenia's most notable athletes is Anže Kopitar, who plays for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League. In 2012, Kopitar became the first Slovenian to win the Stanley Cup and tied as the top scorer of the respective playoffs. Other notable Slovenian hockey players include Robert Kristan, Jan Muršak, David Rodman, Marcel Rodman, Rok Tičar, Žiga Pance, Žiga Jeglič, Tomaž Vnuk, Dejan Kontrec and Bojan Zajc.
Handball
Handball is a popular sport in Slovenia. The Slovenia men's national handball team has competed at nine World Championships and finished third in the 2017 edition. The national team has also made thirteen appearances at the European Championships and was the runner-up of the 2004 edition, which was held in Slovenia.
RK Celje won the EHF Champions League in 2004, when they beat SG Flensburg-Handewitt in the final. Other notable Slovenian teams are RD Slovan, which reached the final of the 1980–81 European Cup, RK Gorenje and RK Koper.
Rugby union
Rugby union is a growing sport in Slovenia which is governed by Rugby Zveza Slovenije (Rugby Union of Slovenia). The Slovenia national rugby union team is currently ranked 43rd by World Rugby. There are also many active local clubs, including RAK Olimpija, RFC Bezigrad and RK Ljubljana.
Beach volleyball
Slovenia featured national teams in beach volleyball that competed in the women's and men's section at the 2018–2020 CEV Beach Volleyball Continental Cup.
Individual sports
Alpine skiing
Alpine skiing is a popular sport in Slovenia and dates back to the 17th century, while modern competitive skiing began in the 1920s. During the existence of Yugoslavia, its national skiing squad consisted of almost exclusively Slovenes. In addition, the Vitranc Cup races, which are sanctioned by the International Ski Federation and later incorporated into the World Cup, started at Podkoren in 1961 and is now hosted at Kranjska Gora Ski Resort each season. Slovenes Mateja Svet and Jure Franko both won Olympic medals for Yugoslavia, while Jure Košir, Katja Koren, Alenka Dovžan and Tina Maze won medals for independent Slovenia. Ilka Štuhec won back-to-back World Championship golds in 2017 and 2019. Other notable skiers include Boris Strel, Rok Petrovič, Bojan Križaj, Mitja Kunc, Urška Hrovat, Špela Pretnar and Nataša Bokal.
Ski jumping
Ski jumping is another popular winter sport in Slovenia. The first national championship was held in 1921 in Bohinj, when Jože Pogačar won with a nine meter jump. After that, many ski jumpers found success for Yugoslavia, with Jože Šlibar achieving a world record jump in 1961. After the introduction of the FIS Ski Jumping World Cup in 1979, SR Slovenia was a regular host of matches in Planica. The most successful ski jumper of the time was Primož Ulaga, who had nine wins for Yugoslavia. In both 1997 and 1998, Primož Peterka won the World Cup. Other notable ski jumpers are Peter Prevc, Jurij Tepeš, Robert Kranjec, Rok Benkovič, Jernej Damjan, Peter Žonta, Franci Petek and Špela Rogelj.
Since 2011, the Slovenian men's ski jumping coach is Goran Janus, who has helped revive Slovenian ski jumping results. Under his leadership, the team has many individual wins, earned Olympic and World Cup medals, and set a world record. In 2012, the men's team won their first team event in ski jumping and since then has nine team wins. Furthermore, Peter Prevc won the 2015–2016 Four Hills Tourney, the World Ski-Flying Championship in 2016 and the World Cup title for the 2015–2016 season.
Cross-country skiing
Cross-country skiing has, alongside alpine skiing and ski jumping, a long tradition in Slovenia, but competitive success has only come in recent years. The first cross-country competition in Slovenia was organized in Bohinjska Bistrica in 1914. During the existence of Yugoslavia, the best result achieved by a Slovene was Franc Smolej's 10th place finish at the 1936 Winter Olympics. Petra Majdič is the most successful Slovenian cross-country skier, as she has won 24 World Cup races and one Olympic medal. Other notable cross-country skiers include Vesna Fabjan and Katja Višnar.
Biathlon
Biathlon is a growing sport in Slovenia. However, before Slovenia's independence in 1991, it was a mostly unknown sport and Slovenes achieved no major results until the 1990s. In 1992, Pokljuka began hosting World Cup races and Andreja Koblar won the first race for the Slovenian women's team in 1996, while Janez Marič achieved the same for the men's team in 2003. The most successful biathlete representing Slovenia is the Croatian-born Jakov Fak, who has won several World Championships medals. Other notable biathletes include Teja Gregorin, Andreja Mali, Tomas Globočnik and Klemen Bauer.
Athletics
Athletics started as a recreation activity in the late 19th century due to the Sokol movement. In 1913, when it was introduced as a sport by the SK Ilirija association football club in Ljubljana. It split into its own branch after World War I and was popular in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, with the first Slovenian championship held in 1920. However, international success didn't come until Stanko Lorger earned the first Slovenian European Championship medal in 1958 and Draga Stamejčič set the first Slovenian world record in 1964. The most notable Slovenian athletic clubs are ŽAK in Ljubljana and Kladivar in Celje. Notable athletes include Primož Kozmus, Jolanda Čeplak, Matic Osovnikar, Martina Ratej, Brigita Bukovec, Britta Bilač, Borut Bilač, Gregor Cankar, Sonja Roman, Brigita Langerholc, Helena Javornik, Alenka Bikar, Rožle Prezelj and Boštjan Buč.
Cycling
Cycling has a long tradition in Slovenia. The first cycling club was founded by Germans in Ljubljana in 1885 and the Slovenian Cycling Club was formed two years later. Cycling then spread to other cities, including Gorica and Maribor, and slowly developed into a major competitive sport in Yugoslavia after World War I. Slovenian cyclists were not as successful as cyclists from other parts of the country and in the period between the world wars, Josip Šolar and Bruno Faninger were the only Slovenian cycling champions of Yugoslavia, in 1925 and 1935, respectively. After World War II, Slovenian cycling grew with the formation of clubs such as Rog in Ljubljana, Sava in Kranj and Krka in Novo Mesto.
The Giro d'Italia, one of cycling's three-week-long Grand Tours, has passed through Slovenia seven times in its history: 1922, 1971, 1994, 2001, 2004, 2021, and 2022.
Notable cyclists include Borut Božič, Janez Brajkovič, Jure Golčer, Andrej Hauptman, Matej Mugerli, Uroš Murn, Jure Robič, Simon Špilak, Gorazd Štangelj, Tadej Valjavec, Tanja Žakelj, Blaža Klemenčič, Luka Mezgec, Matej Mohorič, Primož Roglič and Tadej Pogačar. In 2018 Slovenia took more wins on the UCI World Tour per capita than any other nation. Professional cycling teams in Slovenia include the men's teams and and formerly the women's team . In 2019, Roglič became the first Slovenian Grand Tour winner after finishing first in the 2019 Vuelta a España. Pogačar became the first Slovenian to win the Tour de France in 2020.
Motorsport
Motorsport in Slovenia began with the formation of the Ilirija Motorsport Club in 1913 and became popular during the two world wars. ŽSK Hermes built the first motorsport track at ŽŠD Ljubljana and Ludvik Starič became a serial Yugoslav champion in the 1930s. Currently, Slovenia hosts Grand Prix races at Matija Gubec Stadium in Krško and there is also a speedway track at Ilirija Sports Park in Ljubljana. Notable motorsport competitors include Matej Ferjan, Matej Žagar, Sašo Kragelj, Tim Gajser and Miran Stanovnik.
The only woman to have circumnavigated the world on a motorbike is Slovenian Benka Pulko. On June 19, 1997, Pulko departed from her hometown of Ptuj on a BMW F650 motorcycle. She returned to Ptuj on December 10, 2002, having established the Guinness World Record for the longest solo motorcycle ride ever undertaken by a woman in both distance (180,015 km) and duration (2,000 days). In the process she also became the first motorcyclist to reach Antarctica, and the first woman to ride solo across Saudi Arabia.
Fencing
The most notable Slovenian fencer is Rudolf Cvetko, who was a member of the Olympic silver medal-winning team in 1912 for Austria. He was the first Slovenian to win an Olympic medal and a promoter of fencing in Yugoslav Slovenia.
Gymnastics
Gymnastics played an important part in the beginnings of sport in Slovenia through a national revival of the Falcon and Hawk societies which helped young Slovenes socialize and keep their language alive. Slovenians would win eight Olympic medals for the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, all in the gymnastics field, which were the only medals Yugoslavia earned prior to World War II. Notable Slovene gymnasts include Leon Štukelj, Mitja Petkovšek, Aljaž Pegan, Stane Derganc, Josip Primožič, Miroslav Cerar, Adela Šajn, Rok Klavora and Sašo Bertoncelj.
Judo
Notable Slovene judo athletes include Urška Žolnir, Lucija Polavder, Raša Sraka, Petra Nareks, Matjaž Ceraj, Anamari Velenšek, Tina Trstenjak, Rok Drakšič and Sašo Jereb.
Sailing
Slovenia has had multiple successful sailors, including Gašper Vinčec and Olympic medalist Vasilij Žbogar.
Standup paddleboarding
Slovenia is a destination for standup paddleboarding due to its coastline, lakes and rivers.
Shooting
The most successful Slovenian sport shooter is Rajmond Debevec, won has competed in three Olympic games and won an Olympic gold and two bronze medals. He also holds the world record for the 50 metre rifle three positions event.
Snowboarding
Notable Slovenian snowboarders include Žan Košir, Rok Marguč, Rok Flander, Dejan Košir and Tim-Kevin Ravnjak.
Swimming
Notable Slovenian swimmers include Sara Isakovič, Peter Mankoč, Borut Petrič, Darjan Petrič, Anja Klinar, Alenka Kejžar, Nataša Kejžar, Emil Tahirovič, Damir Dugonjič and Anja Čarman.
Tennis
Notable Slovenian tennis players include Grega Žemlja, Tamara Zidanšek, Katarina Srebotnik, Blaž Kavčič, Polona Hercog, Maša Zec Peškirič and Nastja Kolar.
Canoeing and kayaking
Slovenia has won numerous titles in canoeing and kayaking and hosts competitions at Tacen Whitewater Course. The most successful canoeists and kayakers are Peter Kauzer and Benjamin Savšek.
Mountain climbing
Slovenia has a major presence in alpinism, with notable Slovene alpinists including Tomaž Humar, Tomo Česen, Julius Kugy, Jakob Aljaž, Klement Jug, Davo Karničar, Nejc Zaplotnik, Miha Valič, Aljaž Anderle, Viki Grošelj, Pavle Kozje, and Igor Škamperle.
Rowing
Since Slovenia's independence in 1991, rowers have found excellent results in international competition. Notable rower in Slovenia include Iztok Čop, Milan Janša, Jani Klemenčič, Rok Kolander, Sašo Mirjanič, Sadik Mujkić, Miha Pirih, Matjaž Pirih, Denis Žvegelj, Matej Prelog and Luka Špik.
Climbing
Since the mid-2000s Slovenia has had some of the most successful sports climbers in the world, including Mina Markovič and Janja Garnbret who won the overall lead and overall combined titles in multiple consecutive years each. Garnbret also won gold at the first sport climbing competition at the 2020 Summer Olympics. Other successful athletes are Jernej Kruder, Domen Škofic, Klemen Bečan, Luka Potočar, Gregor Vezonik, Natalija Gros, Martina Čufar, Mia Krampl, Katja Debevec, Lučka Rakovec and Vita Lukan.
Olympics
Slovenia has achieved impressive Olympic success relative to its size, having earned 28 medals (eight gold, nine silver and eleven bronze) at eight Summer Olympics, and 24 medals (four gold, eight silver and twelve bronze) at nine Winter Olympics. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Slovenia's three medals, at roughly one medal for every 681,000 Slovenes, was the third best per capita medal ratio behind only Norway and Austria.
Prior to 1991, Slovenian athletes competed for other countries. The first medal won by an ethnic Slovenian was Rudolf Cvetko, who won silver in fencing in 1912 representing Austria. After World War I, when the Habsburg monarchy collapsed and the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was formed, Slovenian athletes won all of their medals for the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. At the 1924 Summer Olympics, Leon Štukelj won two gold medals in gymnastics. At the 1928 Summer Olympics, Štukelj won a gold medal, Josip Primožič won a silver medal and Stane Derganc won a bronze medal. In addition, their team won bronze in the team event. At the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Štukelj, at the age of 38, won the silver at men's rings. After World War II, Slovenians would continue to win Olympic medals under the Yugoslav flag.
Mediterranean Games
Slovenia has competed in the Mediterranean Games since 1993. It is ranked twelfth in the all-time rankings and as of 2016, Slovenia has won 136 medals (40 gold, 39 silver and 57 bronze).
References
External links
Sport in Slovenia
The men's 20 kilometres walk event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 12 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Racewalking at the African Championships in Athletics
The/MRN-1 was an instrument approach localizer used by the Army Air Force during and after World War II. It was standardized on 3 July 1942. It replaced the SCR-241, and was a component of SCS-51.
Use
The transmitter provides a signal to guide the RC-103 equipped aircraft to the centerline of a runway. The set radiates two intersecting field patterns, one of which is modulated at an audio frequency of 90 cycles per second, and the other at an audio frequency of 150 cycles per second. The shape of the radiated patterns is such that they intersect in a vertical plane called the "course", which can be oriented (by positioning the truck) to intersect the ground in a line which coincides with the center-line of a landing runway. The range of the equipment is a function of the elevation of the receiving antenna: approximately 40 miles at an elevation of 2,500 feet, 70 miles at 6,000 feet, and 100 miles at 10,000 feet. The transmitter, BC-751-A has a frequency range from 108.3 to 110.3 Mc. power output is 25 Watts.
AN/CRN-3 is the same equipment except without the K-53 truck, thereby making it air transportable, components are housed in a tent.
Components
The/MRN-1 is mounted in a K-53 truck and is made up of the following components.
BC-915 control box
BC-751 radio transmitter
BC-752 Modulator and bridge
BC-753 course detector fixed
BC-754 course detector portable
BC-755 field intensity meter
BC-777 indicator (alarm)
RC-109 antenna (5 alford loops in a horizontal plane)
An SCR-610 is provided for ground communications
power is provided by a PE-141 generator (115 volts)
Aircraft components
The RC-103-A is an airborne localizer receiver used to indicate a landing course in conjunction with the AAF instrument approach system. signals received from a transmitter, located at one end of the runway to be used, are fed into the cross-pointer indicator to indicate "on course", "fly right" or "fly left". Audio indication is also provided.
Antenna system AS-27/ARN-5 is used with the dual installation of the localizer and glide path receivers. Antenna AN-100 is used when only the localizer receiver is installed in the aircraft.
RC-103 components include
Indicator I-101-C
BC-732 control box
BC-733 Receiver W/ DM-53 Dynamotor
AN-100 Antenna (localizer only)
AS-27/ARN-5 Antenna system (combination)
See also
AN/CRN-2
AN/MRN-2
AN/MRN-3
Instrument landing system
List of military electronics of the United States
List of U.S. Signal Corps vehicles
LORAN
Radio navigation
SCR-277
SHORAN
Signal Corps Radio
References
TM 11-227 Signal Communication Directory. Dated 10 April 1944.
TM 11-487 Electrical Communication systems Equipment. Dated 2 October 1944.
Graphic Survey of Radio and Radar Equipment Used by the Army Airforce. Section 3, Radio Navigation Equipment. Dated May 1945.
TO 30-100F-1. Dated 1943.
Further reading
External links
http://www.footnote.com/image/#46938757 exterior
http://aafcollection.info/items/documents/view.php?file=000149-01-03.pdf TO 30-100F-1 1943
http://www.designation-systems.net/usmilav/jetds/an-c.html
http://www.flightglobal.com/pdfarchive/view/1949/1949%20-%200728.html SCS-51
http://aafradio.org/NASM/RHAntennas.htm antenna systems
http://jproc.ca/rrp/rrp3/argus_bc733d.jpg BC-733
Military radio systems of the United States
Equipment of the United States Air Force
World War II American electronics
Air traffic control
Radio navigation
Surveying
Wireless locating
History of radio
Military equipment introduced from 1940 to 1944
"Nonstop" is a song by Canadian musician Drake from his fifth studio album, Scorpion (2018). It was released as the sixth single from the album on July 31, 2018. The song was produced by Tay Keith, with co-production handled by No I.D. and additional production by Noel Cadastre.
"Nonstop" was critically well-received, being labeled one of Scorpions best tracks by several critics, even cynics of the album. Commercially, it has reached number one in Canada as well as the top ten in Australia, Greece, Ireland, New Zealand, Portugal, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom; along with reaching top 5 in the United States, prior to being released as a single. Additionally, "Nonstop" was the most streamed song in the US during the first week of Scorpions release. The song gained renewed popularity in 2020, after being used in viral TikTok videos.
Background
On July 13, 2018, BlocBoy JB released his own remix of "Nonstop" on YouTube.
Production and composition
"Nonstop," recorded by Drake near the end of Scorpions production, is a trap rap song with the chorus line "My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the face is tickin" sampled from DJ Squeeky and Mack Daddy Ju's song "My Head Is Spinning" (1995). Due to the sample being by artists from Memphis, Tennessee, multiple journalists have categorized the use of the sample as a reference to Drake's Memphis influences. He references LeBron James going back and forth wearing "6" and "23" shirts to symbolize his sudden rise to stardom. Journalist Dee Lockett suggested the line "Yeah I'm light skinned, but I'm still a dark nigga" referenced a photo of Drake in blackface used by Pusha-T on the cover of his diss track "The Story of Adidon."
Critical reception
Some reviewers of Scorpion, including its detractors, mentioned "Nonstop" as one of its top tracks. Caitlin White Uproxx wrote its upbeat nature made it one of the best parts of a record of mostly "joyless, moody songs," describing it as "almost a banger" and noting its many "hilarious lines." A top-five track list from Business Insider described it as "the sharpest possible version of his uniquely corny bravado." The Ringer in 2018 ranked "Nonstop" the 105th all-time Drake song, listing it in the field of "Songs That You Would Not Quote on Your Instagram." In 2020, Billboard, ranking "Nonstop" the 47th best of Drake's 209 Hot 100 hits, called it "one of the nastiest tracks the rapper's ever put out," elaborating that "it breathes an air of invincibility into you the second the bass starts rolling." Some reviewers noted Tay Keith's "infectious" instrumental, especially its bass line, and Drake's versatility, noting his attempt at replicating flows from contemporaneous rappers. Patrick Lyons and Craig Jenkins, however, was critical of his tries to copy current trends, with Jenkins categorizing "Nonstop" as "a Playboi Carti song on a Klonopin" and Lyons panning "his use of a young producer and somewhat lazy 21 Savage flows."
Commercial performance
When first released on Spotify as part of Scorpion, "Nonstop" was the most streamed song from the album on its first day, racking 9,298,297 streams (5,749,019 in the United States alone); it broke a record set by "Look What You Made Me Do" by Taylor Swift which garnered around eight million in a day.
"Nonstop" entered the US Billboard Hot 100 chart dated July 14, 2018 at number 2, tying as Drake's third number two-charting single as a lead act with "Best I Ever Had" and "Hotline Bling" which reached number two in 2009 and 2015, respectively. The song debuted and peaked at number two for one week, behind Drake's own single "Nice for What". "Nonstop" remained in the top ten of this chart for one week before dropping out on July 21, 2018.
In Drake's native Canada, "Nonstop" debuted at number 1 on the Canadian Hot 100, becoming Drake's fifth number-one single on the chart and tying as his third number one single from his Scorpion album, along with "God's Plan" and "Nice for What". It was later unseated from the top spot on the issue dated July 21, 2018 by Drake's follow-up single "In My Feelings".
In the United Kingdom, "Nonstop" peaked at number 4 on the UK Singles Chart. On September 14, 2018, "Nonstop" received a silver certification by the British Phonographic Industry.
Music video
The music video for "Nonstop" was released on July 27, 2018 exclusively on Apple Music before being uploaded to Drake's YouTube channel on August 3; while previous videos for Scorpion tracks ("God's Plan," "Nice For What" and "I'm Upset") were directed by Karena Evans and high-concept, "Nonstop" is a much more realistic video directed by Theo Skudra and filmed in London. It begins with footage from Drake's performance at the 2018 Wireless Festival before he goes out clubbing, drinks tea on top of a building, and rides throughout London on a double-decker bus. It features cameos from French Montana, Quavo, and Noah "40" Shebib. "Nonstop" was Skudra's first Drake music video to be documentary-style, which would be true for the director's later videos for "Chicago Freestyle," "War," and "When to Say When." According to Skudra, "It kind of is the epitome of our working relationship. To be able to capture these parties or these moments, they're just things that are hard to find in a director-artist relationship." Drake came up with the idea of filming the video at one of his London events, while the double-decker bus scene was done out of a joke made by a make-up artist near the end of shooting. The part where Drake drinks tea on a hotel rooftop became a meme on social media upon the video's release.
Flip The Switch challenge
In 2020, the song resurfaced due to a TikTok meme challenge. The challenge involves two people swapping clothes and roles with each other and then switching the light off, proceeding to "go wild" once Drake raps, "Look, I just flipped the switch (flipped, flipped)." One of the most popular videos are of US senator and former 2020 presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren and actress Kate McKinnon in a dressing room at Saturday Night Live.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes and Tidal.
Noah Shebib – recording
Noel "Gadget" Campbell – mixing
Greg Moffet – mixing assistance
Ronald Moonoo – mixing assistance
Harley Arsenault – mixing assistance
Noel Cadastre – production, recording
No I.D. – production
Tay Keith – production
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of Canadian Hot 100 number-one singles of 2018
References
2018 songs
2018 singles
Canadian Hot 100 number-one singles
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
Trap music songs
Songs written by No I.D.
Song recordings produced by No I.D.
Songs written by Tay Keith
Internet memes introduced in 2018
