The Courage C36 was a Le Mans Prototype, designed, developed, and built by Courage Compétition team, to compete in sports car racing from 1996 to 1998. It is powered by a Porsche flat-six engine. It's best result was a 3rd-place finish at the 1997 FIA Sportscar Championship race at Zolder.
Development history
The Courage C36 was the logical further development of the Courage C34, which was successfully used in the 1995 24-hour race at Le Mans. With the C36, the Courage technicians began to replace the wealth of Porsche components previously used with their own designs. The C36 got a new chassis and body, only the 6-cylinder Porsche turbo engine was identical to that of the C34.
Racing history
For the 1996 24-hour race, Courage gave a C36 to the French racing team La Filière Elf and fielded two works cars itself. The Filière-C36, driven by Henri Pescarolo, Franck Lagorce, and Emmanuel Collard, finished seventh overall and second in the LMP-1 class after 24 hours. One of the two factory C36s, in which Mario Andretti was one of the drivers, finished 13th overall and third in the LMP-1 class.
In 1997, three C36s competed in Le Mans again, although Courage had once again built a new vehicle with the C41. Again the Filière car was the best-placed C36 with a seventh place.
In 1998 only one C36 was running on the Sarthe. Courage had severed its association with Porsche and equipped the new Courage C52 with a Nissan engine. At its last Le Mans appearance, the C36 finished 15th overall.
References
Le Mans Prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Porsche vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-engined cars
Sports prototypes
Cars introduced in 1996
Cars of France
Cars powered by boxer engines
Frederick Scheiber (September 2, 1843 – June 10, 1913) was an American politician.
Born in Rhenish Prussia, Scheiber moved with his parents to West Bend, Wisconsin in 1847. He studied at the University of Wisconsin and then taught school. Schreiber then studied law and was admitted to the Wisconsin bar in 1871. He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1883 as a Democrat. He also served as a court commissioner and on the board of regents for the Wisconsin Normal Schools (now the University of Wisconsin System). He was arrested on charges on conspiracy in 1905.
Notes
1843 births
1913 deaths
People from West Bend, Wisconsin
German emigrants to the United States
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Wisconsin Democrats
Wisconsin lawyers
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Wedagedara Sadeera Rashen Samarawickrama (born 30 August 1995) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who represents the national team in all formats of the game. He was part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. He is a past pupil of St. Josephs College, Colombo.
Domestic career
He made the most runs in the 2016–17 Premier League Tournament, with a total of 1,016 from 10 matches and 19 innings. In November 2017, he was named the best batsman in domestic cricket for the 2016–17 season at Sri Lanka Cricket's annual awards.
In March 2018, he was named in Galle's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. The following month, he was also named in Galle's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament.
In August 2018, he was named in Dambulla's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League. In February 2019, in the first day of the 2018–19 SLC Twenty20 Tournament, Samarawickrama scored an unbeaten century for Colts Cricket Club against Police Sports Club. In March 2019, he was named in Kandy's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In August 2021, he was named in the SLC Blues team for the 2021 SLC Invitational T20 League tournament. In July 2022, he was signed by the Jaffna Kings for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
International career
Samarawickrama was part of the Sri Lankan team in the ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup 2017 tournament. He scored 45 runs in the final to win the low scoring match against Pakistan. This was the first time that Sri Lanka went onto win the tournament.
In September 2017, he was named in Sri Lanka's Test squad for their series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates. He made his Test debut for Sri Lanka against Pakistan on 6 October 2017 in Sri Lanka's first day-night Test match. In the first innings, he scored 38 runs and had a swift 68-run stand with centurion Dimuth Karunaratne. His inside-out drives to Yasir Shah was described similar to that of maestro Mahela Jayawardena's stroke play by critics.
In October 2017, he was named in Sri Lanka's One Day Internationals (ODI) squad for their series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates. He made his ODI debut for Sri Lanka against Pakistan on 20 October 2017. He was dismissed for nought in both matches, becoming the third batsman after Sachin Tendulkar and Kane Williamson to dismissed for nought in first two ODIs.
Later the same month, he was named in Sri Lanka's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series also against Pakistan. He made his T20I debut for Sri Lanka against Pakistan on 26 October 2017, keeping wicket in the match.
In May 2018, he was one of 33 cricketers to be awarded a national contract by Sri Lanka Cricket ahead of the 2018–19 season. In June 2022, he was named in the Sri Lanka A squad for their matches against Australia A during Australia's tour of Sri Lanka.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Test cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Colombo Commandos cricketers
Colts Cricket Club cricketers
Kegalle District cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Aleksei Sergeyevich Brianskiy (; born 14 September 1997) is a Russian swimmer. He competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Russian male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Russia
Swimmers at the 2015 European Games
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
Universiade medalists in swimming
Universiade bronze medalists for Russia
European Games bronze medalists for Russia
European Games gold medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
The Men's 50 metre backstroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 18 and 19 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 18 May at 11:04.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 18 May at 19:49.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 19 May at 19:32.
References
Men's 50 metre backstroke
Masterminds is a direct to DVD film starring Tila Tequila, Nick Hogan, and Tray Chaney directed by David Keary.
Plot summary
When a businessman's plot to steal from criminals goes south, he learns that he stole from the wrong guy, and when a dangerous drug cartel shows up, all hell breaks loose. A businessman (Trey Chaney) uses his nightclub to target criminals for theft, but gets double-crossed by his long-suffering girlfriend (Tila "Tequila" Nguyen) after using her as the bait.
Cast
Tila Tequila as Monae
Nick Hogan as Jay White
Tray Chaney as Rocket
References
External links
American action films
American independent films
2013 films
2013 action films
2013 independent films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Phyre and Phyre2 (Protein Homology/AnalogY Recognition Engine; pronounced as 'fire') are free web-based services for protein structure prediction. Phyre is among the most popular methods for protein structure prediction having been cited over 1500 times. Like other remote homology recognition techniques (see protein threading), it is able to regularly generate reliable protein models when other widely used methods such as PSI-BLAST cannot. Phyre2 has been designed to ensure a user-friendly interface for users inexpert in protein structure prediction methods. Its development is funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council.
Description
The Phyre and Phyre2 servers predict the three-dimensional structure of a protein sequence using the principles and techniques of homology modeling.
Because the structure of a protein is more conserved in evolution than its amino acid sequence, a protein sequence of interest (the target) can be modeled with reasonable accuracy on a very distantly related sequence of known structure (the template), provided that the relationship between target and template can be discerned through sequence alignment. Currently the most powerful and accurate methods for detecting and aligning remotely related sequences rely on profiles or hidden Markov models (HMMs). These profiles/HMMs capture the mutational propensity of each position in an amino acid sequence based on observed mutations in related sequences and can be thought of as an 'evolutionary fingerprint' of a particular protein.
Typically, the amino acid sequences of a representative set of all known three-dimensional protein structures is compiled, and these sequences are processed by scanning against a large protein sequence database. The result is a database of profiles or HMMs, one for each known 3D structure. A user sequence of interest is similarly processed to form a profile/HMM. This user profile is then scanned against the database of profiles using profile-profile or HMM-HMM alignment techniques. These alignments can also take into account patterns of predicted or known secondary structure elements and can be scored using various statistical models. See protein structure prediction for more information.
The first Phyre server was released in June 2005 and uses a profile-profile alignment algorithm based on each protein's position-specific scoring matrix. The Phyre2 server was publicly released February 2011 as a replacement for the original Phyre server and provides extra functionality over Phyre, a more advanced interface, fully updated fold library and uses the HHpred / HHsearch package for homology detection among other improvements.
Standard usage
After pasting a protein amino acid sequence into the Phyre or Phyre2 submission form, a user will typically wait between 30 minutes and several hours (depending on factors such as sequence length, number of homologous sequences and frequency and length of insertions and deletions) for a prediction to complete. An email containing summary information and the predicted structure in PDB format are sent to the user together with a link to a web page of results. The Phyre2 results screen is divided into three main sections, described below.
Secondary structure and disorder prediction
The user-submitted protein sequence is first scanned against a large sequence database using PSI-BLAST. The profile generated by PSI-BLAST is then processed by the neural network secondary structure prediction program PsiPred and the protein disorder predictor Disopred. The predicted presence of alpha-helices, beta-strands and disordered regions is shown graphically together with a color-coded confidence bar.
Domain analysis
Many proteins contain multiple protein domains. Phyre2 provides a table of template matches color-coded by confidence and indicating the region of the user sequence matched. This can aid in the determination of the domain composition of a protein.
Detailed template information
The main results table in Phyre2 provides confidence estimates, images and links to the three-dimensional predicted models and information derived from either Structural Classification of Proteins database (SCOP) or the Protein Data Bank (PDB) depending on the source of the detected template. For each match a link takes the user to a detailed view of the alignment between the user sequence and the sequence of known three-dimensional structure.
Alignment view
The detailed alignment view permits a user to examine individual aligned residues, matches between predicted and known secondary structure elements and the ability to toggle information regarding patterns of sequence conservation and secondary structure confidence. In addition Jmol is used to permit interactive 3D viewing of the protein model.
Improvements in Phyre2
Phyre2 uses a fold library that is updated weekly as new structures are solved. It uses a more up-to-date interface and offers additional functionality over the Phyre server
as described below.
Additional functionality
Batch processing
The batch processing feature permits users to submit more than one sequence to Phyre2 by uploading a file of sequences in FASTA format. By default, users have a limit of 100 sequences in a batch. This limit can be raised by contacting the administrator.
Batch jobs are processed in the background on free computing power as it becomes available. Thus, batch jobs will often take longer than individually submitted jobs, but this is necessary to allow a fair distribution of computing resources to all Phyre2 users.
One to one threading
One to one threading allows you to upload both a sequence you wish modelled AND the template on which to model it. Users sometimes have a protein sequence that they wish to model on a specific template of their choice. This may be for example a newly solved structure that is not in the Phyre2 database or because of some additional biological information that indicates the chosen template would produce a more accurate model than the one(s) automatically chosen by Phyre2.
Backphyre
Instead of predicting the 3D structure of a protein sequence, often users have a solved structure and they are interested in determining if there is a related structure in a genome of interest. In Phyre2 an uploaded protein structure can be converted into a hidden Markov model and then scanned against a set of genomes (more than 20 genomes as of March 2011). This functionality is called "BackPhyre" to indicate how Phyre2 is being used in reverse.
Phyrealarm
Sometimes Phyre2 can't detect any confident matches to known structures. However, the fold library database increases by about 40-100 new structures each week. So even though there might be no decent templates this week, there may well be in the coming weeks.
Phyrealarm allows users to submit a protein sequence to be automatically scanned against new entries added to the fold library every week. If a confident hit is detected, the user is automatically notified by email together with the results of the Phyre2 search. Users can also control the level of alignment coverage and confidence in the match required to trigger an email alert.
3DLigandSite
Phyre2 is coupled to the 3DLigandSite server for protein binding site prediction. 3DLigandSite has been one of the top performing servers for binding site prediction at the Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction (CASP) in (CASP8 and CASP9). Confident models produced by Phyre2 (confidence >90%) are automatically submitted to 3DLigandSite.
Transmembrane topology prediction
The program memsat_svm is used to predict the presence and topology of any transmembrane helices present in the user protein sequence.
Multi-template modelling
Phyre2 permits users to choose 'Intensive' modelling from the main submission screen. This mode:
Examines the list of hits and applies heuristics in order to select templates that maximise sequence coverage and confidence.
Construct models for each selected template.
Uses these models to provide pairwise distance constraints that are input to the ab initio and multi-template modelling tool Poing.
Poing synthesises the user protein in the context of these distance constraints, modelled by springs. Regions for which there is no template information are modelled by the ab initio simplified physics model of Poing.
The complete model generated by Poing is combined with the original templates as input to MODELLER.
Applications
Applications of Phyre and Phyre2 include protein structure prediction, function prediction, domain prediction, domain boundary prediction, evolutionary classification of proteins, guiding site-directed mutagenesis and solving protein crystal structures by molecular replacement.
There are two linked resources that use Phyre predictions for the structure-based analysis of missense variants typically resulting from single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
PhyreRisk is a database which maps genetic variants to experimental and Phyre-predicted protein structures. The protein page displays the experimental and predicted structures. Users can map variants from either genetic or protein coordinates.
Missense3D is a tool which provides a stereochemical report on the effect of a missense variant on protein structure. Users can upload their own variants and coordinates, including both PDB structures and Phyre-predicted models.
History
Phyre and Phyre2 are the successors to the 3D-PSSM protein structure prediction system which has over 1400 citations to date. 3D-PSSM was designed and developed by Lawrence Kelley and Bob MacCallum in the Biomolecular modelling Lab at the Cancer Research UK. Phyre and Phyre2 were Lawrence Kelley in the Structural bioinformatics group, Imperial College London. Components of the Phyre and Phyre2 systems were developed by Benjamin Jefferys, Alex Herbert, and Riccardo Bennett-Lovsey. Research and development of both servers was supervised by Michael Sternberg.
References
Bioinformatics software
Computational science
"Make It Like It Was" is a 1990 R&B/Soul song by American singer–songwriter Regina Belle. Released on March 17, 1990 by Columbia Records, The song was written by Carvin Winans. This single was released from Belle's 1989 album, Stay with Me. It spent one week at number one on the R&B singles chart and peaked at number forty-three on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. On the Adult Contemporary chart, "Make It Like It Was" went to number five.
Chart positions
Official versions
Album version (5:07)
Radio edit (4:04)
See also
R&B number-one hits of 1990 (USA)
References
1990 singles
1990 songs
1989 songs
Contemporary R&B ballads
Soul ballads
Regina Belle songs
1980s ballads
Matteo di Cione (1330–1380) was an Italian sculptor, notable for being the brother of three of the great painters of Gothic Florence, Nardo di Cione, Jacopo di Cione and Andrea di Cione. The di Cione (pronounced dee choh' nay) brothers often worked collaboratively, and Matteo is known to have supplied marble for Orcagna's altarpiece in the Orsanmichele (c.1381).
References
Gothic sculptors
Sculptors from Florence
1330 births
1380 deaths
14th-century people of the Republic of Florence
14th-century Italian sculptors
Italian male sculptors
Sibling artists
The Treaty of Madrid was signed on 26 April 1621 by French courtier, François de Bassompierre. Based on the terms of the treaty, the Valtelline was restored to the Grisons and the Spanish were allowed to reoccupy Chiavenna. Moreover, the accord guaranteed religious amnesty to the Protestants in Valtelline and allowed them to practice their faith freely. The guarantors of this treaty were the King of France, Louis XIII, and the Swiss Confederation.
By the Treaty of Madrid, the Spanish government agreed to restore Grisons sovereignty over the Val Tellina and do not use passes rather than add an Italian front to its wars in the Low Countries and Germany
See also
List of treaties
References
External links
The Valtelline (1603-1639)
The Thirty Years War 1621 to 1626
Chronology: Louis XIII (1610-1643)
1621 in France
1621 treaties
Madrid (1621)
Madrid (1621)
France–Spain relations
1621 in Italy
History of Madrid
1621 in Spain
Michael John Godby (29 September 1850 – 14 December 1923) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played first-class cricket for Otago and Canterbury between 1875 and 1881.
Michael Godby was born in England and educated at Winchester College. He went to New Zealand in the 1870s, living first in Dunedin before moving to Timaru where he practised law until 1887. A batsman with a strong defence and an occasional bowler, he played some useful innings in an era of very low scoring, including 23 (top score of the innings) and 14 in the 1877–78 season when Canterbury played in the North Island for the first time and beat Auckland. He captained the South Canterbury team that played the touring Australians at Timaru in January 1881.
Godby married Ada Rhodes in Timaru in August 1881. They had two sons and three daughters. They returned to England early in the 1900s. He died in London in December 1923 after a long illness. Ada died in London in May 1942.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1850 births
1923 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Canterbury cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Henley-on-Thames
People educated at Winchester College
Gábor Pintér (born 9 March 1964) is a Hungarian prelate of the Catholic Church who was Apostolic Nuncio to Belarus from 2016 to 2019 and has been Apostolic Nuncio to Honduras since 2019.
Career
Gábor Pintér was born on 9 March 1964 in Kunszentmárton, Hungary. He was ordained a priest on 11 June 1987.
He entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 1 July 1996 and served in Haiti, Bolivia, Sweden, France, the Philippines and Austria.
On 13 May 2016, Pope Francis named him titular archbishop of Velebusdus and Apostolic Nuncio to Belarus. He received his episcopal consecration on 15 July 2016 in the Cathedral of Vac from Cardinal Pietro Parolin, Secretary of State. On 12 November 2019, he was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Honduras.
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Gábor Pintér
Living people
1964 births
People from Kunszentmárton
Apostolic Nuncios to Belarus
Apostolic Nuncios to Honduras
The Great Deceiver is a 4-CD box set by the band King Crimson, consisting of live recordings from 1973 and 1974, released on Virgin Records in 1992. In 2007, it was reissued on Fripp's Discipline Global Mobile label as two separate 2-CD sets, each featuring new artwork.
The box set features portions of concert recordings of the band from 1973 to 1974. All tracks are performed by the lineup of guitarist/keyboardist Robert Fripp, bassist/vocalist John Wetton, violinist/keyboardist David Cross and drummer Bill Bruford. Percussionist Jamie Muir left the band in early 1973, and hence is not featured on the set. The band's 30 June 1974 concert from Providence, Rhode Island is presented in its entirety on CDs 1 and 2; this was the second-to-last live concert ever performed by this incarnation of King Crimson.
King Crimson's "Walk On" music in 1973-74 was an excerpt of "The Heavenly Music Corporation," from the album (No Pussyfooting) by Robert Fripp and Brian Eno. These "walk-ons" are reproduced here, and indexed as separate tracks.
Three recordings from this box set were previously available on other King Crimson albums, albeit in slightly altered forms. An abbreviated version of "We'll Let You Know" appears on the Starless and Bible Black album, released in 1974. Similarly, an abbreviated version of "Providence" was included on the Red album, also released in 1974. The live performance of "21st Century Schizoid Man" on CD Two was issued in 1975 as part of the album USA, featuring overdubbed violin from Eddie Jobson.
Many of the recordings on this album are band improvisations. "The Law of Maximum Distress" appears in two sections, as the tape ran out in the middle of the song. Much of the missing material seems to be used on "The Mincer" from Starless and Bible Black. As Robert Fripp notes in the CD jacket, "Most live recording follows the policy of two machines in use simultaneously to meet an eventuality such as this. We learn."
The liner notes to The Great Deceiver runs to 68 pages. These notes feature comments from Fripp, Wetton and Cross, annotated excerpts from Fripp's 1974 diary, reviews of the previous King Crimson box set, Frame by Frame: The Essential King Crimson (1991), and a complete listing of all concerts performed by the band in 1973 and 1974.
The track "Exiles" is credited to Fripp/Wetton/Palmer-James on this box set. The correct credit, as listed on Larks' Tongues in Aspic and confirmed by BMI's records, is Cross/Fripp/Palmer-James. Despite having no legal co-writing credit for the song, John Wetton has indicated in interviews that he wrote the bridge for "Exiles."
Track listing
Disc 1: Things Are Not as They Seem...
Recorded at the Palace Theatre, Providence, Rhode Island, United States, 30 June 1974.
"Walk On ... No Pussyfooting" (Robert Fripp, Brian Eno) – 0:49
"Larks' Tongues in Aspic, Part Two" (Fripp) – 6:25
"Lament" (Fripp, John Wetton, Richard Palmer-James) – 4:38
"Exiles" (David Cross, Fripp, Palmer-James) – 7:13
"Announcement" - 1:43
"Improv - A Voyage to the Centre of the Cosmos" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bill Bruford) – 15:03
"Easy Money" (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 7:13
"Providence" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 10:18
"Fracture" (Fripp) – 11:14
"Starless" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford, Palmer-James) – 12:03
Disc 2: Sleight of Hand (or Now You Don't See It Again) and...
Tracks 1-2 recorded at the Palace Theatre, Providence, Rhode Island, United States, 30 June 1974.
Tracks 3-12 recorded at the Glasgow Apollo, Glasgow, Scotland, UK, 23 October 1973.
Tracks 13-14 recorded at Pennsylvania State University, State College, Pennsylvania, United States, 29 June 1974.
(Note: Only the first half of "The Night Watch" is taken from the Glasgow performance; the second half was taken from the Zurich show featured on CD Four. The liner notes indicate that there were technical problems with both recordings, and that the splice was done "to honour the spirit and sense of Glasgow's performance".)
"21st Century Schizoid Man" (Fripp, Ian McDonald, Greg Lake, Michael Giles, Peter Sinfield) – 8:01
"Walk off from Providence ... No Pussyfooting" (Fripp, Eno) – 1:21
"Walk on to Glasgow" - 0:48
"Sharks' Lungs in Lemsip" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 2:30
"Larks' Tongues in Aspic, Part One" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford, Jamie Muir) – 7:50
"Book of Saturday" (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 2:49
"Easy Money" (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 6:40
"We'll Let You Know" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 4:55
"The Night Watch" (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 5:16
"Improv - Tight Scrummy" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 8:57
"Peace - A Theme" (Fripp) – 1:01
"Cat Food" (Fripp, Sinfield, McDonald) – 4:31
"Easy Money..." (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 2:17
"...It is for You, but Not for Us" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 7:57
Disc 3: ...Acts of Deception (the Magic Circus, or Weasels Stole Our Fruit)
Tracks 1-11 recorded at the Stanley Warner Theatre, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania United States, 29 April 1974.
Tracks 12-13 recorded at Pennsylvania State University, State College, Pennsylvania, United States, 29 June 1974.
"Walk On ... No Pussyfooting" (Fripp, Eno) – 0:59
"The Great Deceiver" (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 4:27
"Improv - Bartley Butsford" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 3:13
"Exiles" (Cross, Fripp, Palmer-James) – 7:19
"Improv - Daniel Dust" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 4:40
"The Night Watch" (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 4:39
"Doctor Diamond" (Cross, Wetton, Fripp, Bruford, Palmer-James) – 5:11
"Starless" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford, Palmer-James) – 12:26
"Improv - Wilton Carpet" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 5:52
"The Talking Drum" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford, Muir) – 5:29
"Larks' Tongues in Aspic, Part Two" (abbreviated) (Fripp) – 2:57
"Applause and announcement" – 2:12
"Improv - Is There Life Out There?" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 12:01
Disc 4: ...But Neither Are They Otherwise
Tracks 1-4 recorded at Massey Hall, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, 24 June 1974.
Tracks 5-12 recorded at the Volkshaus, Zürich, Switzerland, 15 November 1973.
"Improv - The Golden Walnut" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 11:45
"The Night Watch" (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 4:37
"Fracture" (Fripp) – 11:52
"Improv - Clueless and Slightly Slack" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 8:14
"Walk On ... No Pussyfooting" (Fripp, Eno) – 0:52
"Improv - Some Pussyfooting" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 2:28
"Larks' Tongues in Aspic, Part One" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford, Muir) – 8:16
"Improv - The Law of Maximum Distress, Part One" (Bruford, Cross, Fripp, Wetton) – 6:32
"Improv - The Law of Maximum Distress, Part Two" (Bruford, Cross, Fripp, Wetton) – 2:34
"Easy Money" (Fripp, Wetton, Palmer-James) – 7:32
"Improv - Some More Pussyfooting" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford) – 5:53
"The Talking Drum" (Cross, Fripp, Wetton, Bruford, Muir) – 6:03
Personnel
Robert Fripp – guitar, mellotron, electric piano
John Wetton – bass guitar, vocals
David Cross – violin, viola, mellotron, electric piano
Bill Bruford – drums, percussion
Executive producer: Robert Fripp. Mixing by Fripp, Tony Arnold and David Singleton.
References
Albums produced by Robert Fripp
1992 live albums
1992 compilation albums
King Crimson live albums
King Crimson compilation albums
E.G. Records compilation albums
E.G. Records live albums
Virgin Records live albums
Discipline Global Mobile albums
Stéphane Trévisan (born 27 March 1974) is a French former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. During his career, which began in 1995 at Toulouse Fontaines and concluded in 2010 after a three-year spell with Guingamp. During his career, he made over 200 league appearances.
Career
Club career
Trévisan started his professional career at Guingamp, where he was their number two goalkeeper, first behind Angelo Hugues then behind Ronald Thomas.
After three years, he decided to go to Marseille, where in his first year he would again be number two behind Stéphane Porato, but would still play two Champions League matches. His good performances when he did get into the starting eleven convinced his manager to make him the number one goalkeeper the following year, Porato having returned to Monaco. However, this second season at Marseille, his first ever as a regular in the starting team, quickly turned into a nightmare for Trévisan, who made mistake after mistake while Marseille were battling against relegation. Ultimately, Trévisan decided to give up his spot in the team and to let young keeper Damien Gregorini play the final nine games of the season.
The following summer, he left the club to Ligue 2 side Ajaccio. For his first year there, he helped the club win the league and achieve promotion to Ligue 1, and was named Ligue 2 Goalkeeper of the Year. He finally got to play two complete seasons in Ligue 1 (38 and 32 games respectively), but found himself number two again, and again behind Stéphane Porato for the following two years.
This led him to sign for Sedan, where he only got to play nine games, as, despite his excellent performances, he could never displace local icon Patrick Regnault.
Angry at this treatment he judged unfair, Trévisan left Sedan after just one year to go back to his first club, Guingamp. After a difficult first year where he only got to play 12 games, his second season was much more rewarding as he started almost every league match, and also won the Coupe de France (although Guillaume Gauclin was the starting goalkeeper throughout this competition).
In June 2010, after Guingamp was relegated to the third French league, Trévisan's contract expired and he retired.
Honours
Ajaccio
Division 2: 2002
Guingamp
Coupe de France: 2009
References
1974 births
Living people
French footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Toulouse Fontaines Club players
En Avant Guingamp players
Olympique de Marseille players
AC Ajaccio players
CS Sedan Ardennes players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
The Foxcon Terrier 200 is an Australian light-sport aircraft, designed and produced by Foxcon Aviation of Mackay, Queensland. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development
The Terrier 200 was designed to comply with the US light-sport aircraft rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit, fixed tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from vacuum-molded composites with the design goal of strength at a light weight. Its span wing employs a Chris Mark 4 airfoil and mounts flaps. The standard engines available in 2012 were the D-Motor LF26, the Rotax 912ULS, the Subaru EA 81 and the Lycoming IO-233-LSA four-stroke powerplants. By 2015 only the Subaru EA 81 and Rotax 912ULS were still offered. Floats for water operations are optional.
Variants
Terrier 200
Base model with two molded individual seats.
Terrier 200C
Model with bench seats that fold into a bed for camping.
Specifications (Terrier 200)
References
External links
Homebuilt aircraft
Light-sport aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Foxcon Aviation aircraft
Aero GP is an international air racing series with up to eight specially designed high-performance sports planes all racing together at speeds of up to 400 km/h (250 mph) around a tight circuit just metres off the ground and from each other. The competing pilots are military and civilian pilots from around the world. Aero GP is the only international, televised event where aeroplanes race simultaneously. Aero GP officially started in 2005 in Slovenia. From there it has travelled to several countries in Europe and Middle East. Instead of the checked flag pattern, Aero GP judges its participants on the basis on points won in individual events and hence, there is no clear winner until the end of the event. The YouTube page for Aero GP has not been updated since 2013 and the original website is no longer online so it is assumed that this racing league is now defunct.
Competitive elements
Three primary disciplines in series decide the annual World Champion Flying Ace:
Air Racing: All racing at the same time, between six and eight aircraft reach speeds of 500 km/h at just 10 metres above the racecourse.
Air Combat: A real air-to-air “dogfight”. Pilots take to the skies in an attempt to outmanoeuvre, hunt down and shoot each other out of the sky, in the style of military air combat.
Barnstorming: A third element which can consist of any of the following - depending on the venue: aerobatics, stunt flying or precision target dropping - pilots drop bombs from their aircraft at low altitude, aiming at various targets.
History
The first Aero GP was held in 2005 although the concept dates to 2000. The inaugural event, held in Slovenia, was televised in over 100 countries. Since then Aero GP's have been held in Malta, Romania (twice), The United Kingdom, and Abu Dhabi in the UAE.
The Pilots
Aero GP pilots have backgrounds in flying a range of military and aerobatic aircraft. They come from a variety of countries and backgrounds. Fighter pilots, aerobatics champions, and civil aviation pilots are all known to compete. They are put through tremendous amounts of G-Force when performing in their aircraft.
Regular Aero GP Pilots
Andy Bickmore
Zoltan Veres
"Smokey" Young
Gerry Cooper
Mark Jefferies
2008 series
The series consisted of two Aero GP's. June saw the Aero GP team return to Constanta in Romania and this was followed by a second round in Blackpool, UK.
2009 series
The 2009 series sees Aero GP visit the Middle East for the first time. Aero GP will be headlining the Al Ain air show in the United Arab Emirates between January 29–31. There are multiple other venues being discussed for 2009 and these will be announced in the new year.
Accidents
During the Malta show on 10 September 2006, two planes, an Extra EA-200 and a Yakovlev Yak-55, collided just outside Marsamxett Harbour off Valletta. The Swedish pilot of the Yak-55, aerobatics champion Gabor Varga, died instantly. However, the Irish Extra 200 pilot, Eddie Goggins, suffered only minor injuries and was soon released after the crash.
References
External links
Aero GP
Further reading
Formula 1 air race coming to Mumbai - Times Of India - IANS - Aug 3, 2011
The Independent UK, Everything you need to know about... Aero GP,By Amol Rajan, Monday 26 January 2009
Air racing
The women's freestyle 63 kg is a competition featured at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan on September 12.
Medalists
Results
Legend
F — Won by fall
Final
Top half
Bottom half
Repechage
References
Official website
Women's freestyle 63 kg
World
Saint Ildefonsus is a 1597-1603 painting by El Greco, painted for the Santuario de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad in Illescas, Toledo, where it still hangs. It shows saint Ildefonsus, bishop of Toledo writing in his oratory in Toledo Cathedral, possibly one of his treatises in defence of Mary's virginity. He looks to his left for inspiration from a statue of the Virgin Mary that he had in his oratory, probably the Virgin of Charity of Illescas.
The painting was on show at the Prado in 2020/2021.
See also
Saint Ildefonsus (El Greco, El Escorial)
References
1590s paintings
1600s paintings
Paintings by El Greco
The (Asian Highway Network ) is a suspension bridge crossing the Kanmon Straits, a stretch of water separating two of Japan's four main islands. On the Honshū side of the bridge is Shimonoseki (, which contributed Kan to the name of the strait) and on the Kyūshū side is Kitakyushu, whose former city and present ward, Moji (), gave the strait its mon.
The Kanmon Bridge was opened to vehicles on November 14, 1973 and connected to the Kyūshū Expressway on March 27, 1984. It is among the 50 largest suspension bridges in the world with a central length of .
See also
Kanmon Tunnel
External links
Suspension bridges in Japan
Bridges completed in 1973
AH1
Road transport in Japan
The Madagascar women's national football team is the FIFA recognised senior women's A team for Madagascar. The team played their first FIFA matches in 2015. They were runner-up to Réunion in the 2015 Indian Ocean Island Games. They have competed in the COSAFA Women's Championship, in which they won a game against the Comoros in 2019. The development of a national team in the country is problematic because of issues found on the continent and on the island, specifically including the lack of popularity of women's football as a participation sport in Madagascar.
History
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including Madagascar, who did not play in a single FIFA sanctioned match between 1950 and June 2012. In 2005, Zambia was supposed to host the regional COSAFA Women's Championship, with ten teams agreeing to send teams, including South Africa, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Malawi, Seychelles, Mauritius, Madagascar, Zambia, Botswana, Namibia, Lesotho and Swaziland. Madagascar did not record a result from this competition. In 2006, there was a FIFA recognised senior A team that had two training sessions a week though they had not played a single game between 2000 and 2006. A FIFA recognised senior A team existed in 2009. In 2010, the country did not have a team competing in the African Women's Championships during the preliminary rounds. The country did not have a team competing at the 2011 All Africa Games. In June 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA.
In 2015 and 2016, the team played several matches, of which four were FIFA recognized. Two of those were 4–0 wins against the Comoros. The other games were in the Indian Ocean Games, where they were runner-up to Réunion. They made the final by winning a game against Mauritius. The team entered the COSAFA Women's Championship three years in a row from 2017 to 2019. After losing all three games in the group stage in 2017, they drew one game in 2018 against Botswana and won one game in 2019 against the Comoros.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2022
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Players
Current squad
The following players are the player listed as the lastest selection on FMF's website
Caps and goals correct as of 14 August 2022
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Madagascar squad in the past 12 months.
Records
*Players in bold are still active, at least at club level.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Honours
Regional
Football at the Indian Ocean Island Games
Runners-up: 2015
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
COSAFA Women's Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Sources: COSAFA, Soccerway
See also
Sport in Madagascar
Football in Madagascar
References
External links
Malagasy Football Federation
women
African women's national association football teams
Blue Arc may refer to
the Daegu Stadium
BlueArc - a company manufacturing Network-attached storage devices
is a Japanese footballer who plays as a defender for Matsumoto Yamaga FC in the J1 League.
His father Takuya is a former professional footballer, and currently a manager of J2 League side Omiya Ardija.
Career
Montedio Yamagata
Takagi made his official debut for Montedio Yamagata in the J1 League, on 18 March 2015 against Shimizu S-Pulse in ND Soft Stadium Yamagata in Tendō, Japan. He started and played the full match recording a yellow card in the 91st. Takagi and his club won the match 3-1.
Club career statistics
Updated to end of 2018 season.
References
External links
Profile at Montedio Yamagata
1992 births
Living people
Kanagawa University alumni
Association football people from Hiroshima Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Montedio Yamagata players
JEF United Chiba players
Kashiwa Reysol players
Matsumoto Yamaga FC players
Association football defenders
The National Organisation for Tobacco Eradication (NOTE) is an Indian federation of 20 non-governmental organisations that was founded during a meeting in Goa in 1992. The first national chairman was Sharad Vaidya, who retained this position until his death in 2000. Currently, the federation is chaired by Shekhar Salkar.
NOTE has chapters in 7 states (Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Orissa, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, and Goa) and has its headquarters in Goa. There are collaborating institutions and individuals in all Indian states.
Aims and objectives
Networking and co-ordinating campaigns of various institutions and NGOs
Exerting pressure on the government for policy changes
Exposing and attacking the tobacco companies
Research into various aspects of campaigns and policies at the national level
Interaction with international bodies like WHO, UICC, World Bank, American Cancer Society etc. for mobilising international opinion towards a tobacco-free world
Activities
NOTE's campaign is built on solid information about tobacco and its effects on health. NOTE analyses and assesses public policy, publications, journals, official reports, medical research, and the media. It makes this information available to members and collaborators.
Several papers and letters have been published under the auspices of NOTE (e.g., in BMJ, The Lancet, The New England Journal of Medicine, and The Journal of Indian Medical Association).
In August 2000, Dr Sharad Vaidya made a representation to the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control.
NOTE continues to campaign against depiction of tobacco in the media
NOTE produces a range of campaigning materials including video cassettes, audio cassettes, flip charts, booklets, posters, and stickers.
Through its activities, NOTE was able to bring about a change in the perception about tobacco in the general population and in 1997 the first anti-tobacco law was passed in Goa (The Goa Prohibition of Smoking and Spitting Act, 1997; Goa Act 5 of 1999). In the 10 years following the passing of this law, the morbidity and mortality from tobacco related diseases were reduced significantly.
References
Organisations based in Goa
Addiction and substance abuse organizations
Smoking in India
2009 establishments in Goa
Organizations established in 2009
Birthmarked is a 2018 Irish-Canadian comedy film directed by Emanuel Hoss-Desmarais, from a screenplay by Marc Tulin, and based on a story by Hoss-Desmarais and Tulin. It stars Matthew Goode, Toni Collette, Andreas Apergis, Jordan Poole, Megan O'Kelly, Anton Gillis-Adelman, Michael Smiley, Suzanne Clément and Fionnula Flanagan.
The was produced by Item 7 in Canada in co-production Parallel Films. The film was released in the United States in a limited release and on video on demand on March 30, 2018, by Vertical Entertainment. It was released in Canada on May 25, 2018, by Entertainment One.
Plot
In 1977, Ben and Catherine, two respected scientists leave their jobs to conduct an experiment into human identity. They aim to raise three children contrarily to their genetic predispositions, to prove the ultimate power of nurture over nature.
The parents get funding from Gertz to be able to carry out their experiment. The children are homeschooled to maximize control of the study. Samsonov, hired by Gertz, is a former Olympic athlete and trained psychologist, who helps to care for the kids and regularly keeps a log to report back to him.
Luke is their birth child, and raised to be artistic. He is encouraged to respond artistically to situations and emotions. Maya, adopted from people with a low level of studies, is raised to have a very high academic level. She's given a special diet for intellectual growth. Maurice comes from angry, aggressive people, and is raised to be a pacifist. He meditates daily.
Every six months, Gertz comes to visit and test. At the 12 year mark, he comes with a warning to get much better results soon or he'll pull the plug.
After a psychologist friend of takes the kids on a day trip, deeming them normal, the kids start planning an escape by car. Then Gertz returns to pressure more, causing Ben to use an extreme method to teach Maya, which snowballs into a huge argument with Catherine, in turn the kids try to run off in the car. They cause a huge pile up on the highway, prompting social services to take them.
Gertz threatens them, insisting that they either pay him over a million for breach of contract or sign a release for him to write about the experiment. Once the book is released, the kids are shocked and humiliated, and their parents try to break them out of the school. When they are unsuccessful, they go to Gertz's and Ben hits him in the face with a shovel. Ben is jailed but released a short time later, thanks to Mrs. Tridek, and not long after they are invited to a video montage by Luke, showing all is forgiven.
In the closing, we find out Luke has become a film director, Maya has chosen to explore the world and become an activist for the Animal Liberation Front and Maurice is a lawyer for the Women's Wrestling Federation. Their parents are not together but amicable, enjoying their seven grandchildren.
Cast
Matthew Goode as Ben
Toni Collette as Catherine
Andreas Apergis as Samsonov
Jordan Poole as Luke
Megan O'Kelly as Maya
Anton Gillis-Adelman as Maurice
Michael Smiley as Gertz
Suzanne Clément as Dr. Julie Bouchard
Fionnula Flanagan as Mrs. Tridek
Production
In December 2016, it was announced Toni Collette, Matthew Goode, Andreas Apergis, Michael Smiley, Fionnula Flanagan and Suzanne Clément had joined the cast of the film, with Emanuel Hoss-Desmarais directing from a screenplay by Marc Tulin. Pierre Even produced alongside Susan Mullen, under their Item 7 and Parallel Film Productions banners, respectively. Entertainment One distributes in Canada.
Filming
Principal photography began in December 2016, in Montreal, Canada.
Release
The film was released in the United States in a limited release and through video on demand on March 30, 2018, by Vertical Entertainment. It was released in Canada on May 25, 2018. The film is now widely available on streaming platform Netflix.
Critical reception
Birthmarked received negative reviews from film critics. It holds approval rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on reviews, with an average of . On Metacritic, the film holds a rating of 44 out of 100, based on 6 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews."
References
External links
Birthmarked at Library and Archives Canada
2018 films
American comedy films
Canadian comedy films
American independent films
Canadian independent films
English-language Canadian films
Entertainment One films
Vertical Entertainment films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s Canadian films
A haiku in English are an English-language poem written in the Japanese poetry style known as haiku. The degree to which haiku in English resemble classic Japanese haiku varies, but many of these poems draw on short, concise wording and a reference to the seasons.
The first haiku written in English date from the late 19th century, influenced by English translations of traditional Japanese haiku. Many well-known English-language poets have written what they called "haiku", although definitions of the genre have remained disputable. Haiku has also proven popular in English-language schools as a way to encourage the appreciation and writing of poetry.
Typical characteristics
"Haiku" in English is a term sometimes loosely applied to any short, impressionistic poem, but there are certain characteristics that are commonly associated with the genre:
a focus on nature or the seasons
a division into two asymmetrical sections that juxtaposes two subjects (e.g. something natural and something human-made, two unexpectedly similar things, etc.)
a contemplative or wistful tone and an impressionistic brevity
no superfluous words, but avoiding a "telegram style" syntax
an emphasis on imagery over exposition
avoidance of metaphor and similes
non-rhyming lines
Some additional traits are especially associated with English-language haiku (as opposed to Japanese-language haiku):
a three-line format with 17 syllables arranged in a 5–7–5 pattern;. However, many contemporary haiku poets work in poems containing 10 to 14 syllables, which more nearly approximates the duration of a Japanese haiku. Usually, the second line is the longest. Some poets want their haiku to be expressed in one breath.
little or no punctuation or capitalization, except that cuts are sometimes marked with dashes or ellipses and proper nouns are usually capitalized.
History
Britain and Australia
In Britain, the editors of The Academy announced the first known English-language haikai contest on April 8, 1899, shortly after the publication of William George Aston's History of Japanese Literature. The contest, number 27 of the magazine's ongoing series, drew dozens of entries, and the prize was awarded to R. M. Hansard:
The Academy contest inspired other experimentation with the format. Bertram Dobell published more than a dozen haikai in a 1901 verse collection, and in 1903 a group of Cambridge poets, citing Dobell as precedent, published their haikai series, "The Water Party." The Academy'''s influence was felt as far away as Australia, where editor Alfred Stephens was inspired to conduct a similar contest in the pages of The Bulletin. The prize for this (possibly first Australian) haiku contest went to Robert Crawford.
American writers
In the United States, Yone Noguchi published "A Proposal to American Poets," in The Reader Magazine in February 1904, giving a brief outline of his own English hokku efforts and ending with the exhortation, "Pray, you try Japanese Hokku, my American poets! You say far too much, I should say."
Ezra Pound's influential haiku-influenced poem, "In a Station of the Metro", published in 1913, has been widely regarded as a watershed moment in the establishment of English-language haiku as a literary form.
During the Imagist period, a number of mainstream poets, including Amy Lowell, Richard Aldington, and Lewis Grandison Alexander, published what were generally called hokku. Their efforts were actively encouraged by Noguchi, who published his own volume of English-language Japanese Hokkus in 1920.
Postwar revival
In the Beat period, original haiku were composed by Gary Snyder, Jack Kerouac, Richard Wright and James W. Hackett. Wright composed some 4,000 haiku (mostly with 5-7-5 syllabic structure).
The first English-language haiku group in America, founded in 1956, was the Writers' Roundtable of Los Altos, California, under the direction of Helen Stiles Chenoweth. The Haiku Society of America was founded in 1968 and began publishing its journal Frogpond in 1978.
In 1963 the journal American Haiku was founded in Platteville, Wisconsin, edited by the European-Americans James Bull and Donald Eulert. Among contributors to the first issue were poets James W. Hackett, O Mabson Southard, and Nick Virgilio. In the second issue of American Haiku Virgilio published his "lily" and "bass" haiku, which became models of brevity, breaking the conventional 5-7-5 syllabic form, and pointing toward the leaner conception of haiku that would take hold in subsequent decades.American Haiku ended publication in 1968 and was succeeded by Modern Haiku in 1969. Other early publications include Chenoweth's 1966 anthology Borrowed Water, featuring the work by the Los Altos Writers' Roundtable, and journals Haiku Highlights, founded 1965 by European-American writer Jean Calkins and later taken over by Lorraine Ellis Harr; Eric Amann's Haiku, founded 1967; and Leroy Kanterman's Haiku West founded 1967.
The first Haiku North America conference was held at Las Positas College in Livermore, California, in 1991, and has been held on alternating years since then. The American Haiku Archives, the largest public archive of haiku-related material outside Japan, was founded in 1996. It is housed at the California State Library in Sacramento, California, and includes the official archives of the Haiku Society of America.
Significant contributors to American haiku have included Lee Gurga, Jim Kacian, Elizabeth Searle Lamb, Raymond Roseliep, Marlene Mountain, Alan Pizzarelli, Alexis Rotella, George Swede, and Michael Dylan Welch.
Variant forms
Although the majority of haiku published in English are three lines long, variants also occur.
One line
The most common variation from the three-line standard is one line, sometimes called a monoku. It emerged from being more than an occasional exception during the late 1970s. The one-line form, based on an analogy with the one-line vertical column in which Japanese haiku are often printed, was lent legitimacy principally by three people:
Marlene Mountain was one of the first English-language haiku poets to write haiku regularly in a single horizontal line.
Hiroaki Sato translated Japanese haiku into one line in English.
Matsuo Allard wrote essays in its favor and published several magazines and chapbooks devoted to the form, in addition to practicing it.
The single-line haiku usually contains fewer than seventeen syllables. A caesura (pause) may be appropriate, dictated by sense or speech rhythm (following the Japanese tradition of a break, marked by the Kireji), and usually little or no punctuation. This form was used by John Wills and, more recently, has been practiced by poets such as M. Kettner, Janice Bostok, Jim Kacian, Chris Gordon, Eve Luckring, Scott Metz, Stuart Quine, John Barlow, and many others.
The one-line form can create a variety of ambiguities allowing for multiple readings of the same haiku. A variation of the format breaks the line at the caesura or pause.
One word
A single word may occasionally be claimed to be a haiku:
Four or more lines
Haiku of four lines (sometimes known as haiqua) or longer have been written, some of them "vertical haiku" with only a word or two per line, mimicking the vertical printed form of Japanese haiku.
Circle
Haiku have also appeared in circular form (sometimes known as cirku) whereby the poem has no fixed start or end point.
Fixed form
In the "zip" form developed by John Carley, a haiku of 15 syllables is presented over two lines, each of which contains one internal caesura represented by a double space.Zips in Magma No 19 - Winter 2001
A fixed-form 5-3-5 syllable (or 3-5-3 word) haiku is sometimes known as a lune.Lipson, Greta B. Poetry Writing Handbook: Definitions, Examples, Lessons. Lorenz Educational Press, 1998. p53
Publications in North America
The leading English-language haiku journals published in the U.S. include Modern Haiku, Frogpond (published by the Haiku Society of America), Mayfly (founded by Randy and Shirley Brooks in 1986), Acorn (founded by A. C. Missias in 1998), Bottle Rockets (founded by Stanford M. Forrester), The Heron's Nest (founded by Christopher Herold in 1999, published online with a print annual), and Tinywords (founded by Dylan F. Tweney in 2001). Some significant defunct publications include Brussels Sprout (edited from 1988 to 1995 by Francine Porad), Woodnotes (edited from 1989 to 1997 by Michael Dylan Welch), Hal Roth's Wind Chimes, Wisteria, and Moonset (edited from 2005 to 2009 by an'ya (Andja Petrović)). The largest publisher of haiku books in North America is Jim Kacian's Red Moon Press. Other notable American publishers of haiku books include Press Here, Bottle Rockets Press, Brooks Books, and Turtle Light Press.
Publications in other English-speaking countries
In the United Kingdom, leading publications include Presence (formerly Haiku Presence), which was edited for many years by Martin Lucas and is now edited by Ian Storr, and Blithe Spirit, published by the British Haiku Society and named in honor of Reginald Horace Blyth. In Ireland, twenty issues of Haiku Spirit edited by Jim Norton were published between 1995 and 2000, and Shamrock, an online journal edited by Anatoly Kudryavitsky, has been publishing international haiku in English since 2007. In Australia, twenty issues of Yellow Moon, a literary magazine for writers of haiku and other verse, were published between 1997 and 2006 (issues 1-8 were edited by Patricia Kelsall; issues 9-20 by Beverley George). Nowadays Paper Wasp is published in Australia, Kokako in New Zealand and Chrysanthemum (bilingual German/English) in Germany and Austria. Two other online English-language haiku journals founded outside North America, A Hundred Gourds and Notes from the Gean, are now defunct. John Barlow's Snapshot Press is a notable UK-based publisher of haiku books. The World Haiku Club publishes The World Haiku Review.
International websites have developed for the publication of haiku in English including: The Living Haiku Anthology; The Living Senryu Anthology, Under the Basho, Failed Haiku, and Wales Haiku Journal. In addition, personal websites such as Michael Dylan Welch's Graceguts provide extensive haiku resources with essays, reviews, and poems.
Notable English-language haiku poets
See also
Notes
References
Further reading
The Haiku Society of America. A Haiku Path. Haiku Society of America, Inc., 1994.
Henderson, Harold G. An Introduction to Haiku. Hokuseido Press, 1948.
Henderson, Harold G. Haiku in English. Charles E. Tuttle Co., 1967.
Higginson, William J. and Harter, Penny. The Haiku Handbook, How to Write, Share, and Teach Haiku. Kodansha, 1989. .
Higginson, William J. Haiku World: An International Poetry Almanac. Kodansha, 1996. .
Hirshfield, Jane. The Heart of Haiku (Kindle Single, 2011)
Rosenstock, Gabriel. Haiku Enlightenment. Cambridge Scholars Publishing, 2011.
Rosenstock, Gabriel. Haiku: the Gentle Art of Disappearing. Cambridge Scholars Publishing, 2009.
Sato, Hiroaki. One Hundred Frogs, from renga to haiku to English. Weatherhill, 1983. .
Suiter, John. Poets on the Peaks: Gary Snyder, Philip Whalen & Jack Kerouac in the Cascades. Counterpoint, 2002. ; (pbk).
Yasuda, Kenneth. Japanese Haiku: Its Essential Nature, History, and Possibilities in English. Tuttle, 1957. .
Anthologies
Global Haiku. Eds. George Swede and Randy Brooks. IRON Press, 2000.
Haiku 21. Eds. Lee Gurga and Scott Metz. Modern Haiku Press, 2011.
The Haiku Anthology. Ed. Cor van den Heuvel. Anchor Books, 1974
The Haiku Anthology. 2nd ed. Ed. Cor van den Heuvel. Simon & Schuster, 1986.
The Haiku Anthology. 3rd ed. Ed. Cor van den Heuvel. W.W. Norton, 1999.
Haiku in English. Eds. Jim Kacian, Philip Rowland, and Allan Burns. W.W. Norton, 2013.
Haiku Moment. Ed. Bruce Ross. Charles E. Tuttle Co., 1993.
The San Francisco Haiku Anthology. Eds. Jerry Ball, Garry Gay, and Tom Tico. Smythe-Waithe Press, 1992.
The Unswept Path. Eds. John Brandi and Dennis Maloney. White Pine Press, 2005.
Where the River Goes: The Nature Tradition in English-Language Haiku''. Ed. Allan Burns. Snapshot Press, 2013.
Periodicals
A Guide to Haiku Publications, 2008 from HSA
Archives
American Haiku Archives
Techniques and papers
Jane Reichhold on haiku techniques
English Haiku : A Composite View on the British Haiku Society website
Haiku Chronicles – a free educational podcast designed to provide a better understanding and appreciation of the art of haiku and its related forms.
"In The Moonlight a Worm..." - an educational site on haiku writing techniques.
Haikai forms
English poetry
Prey Veng (, ) is a municipality (krong) located in Prey Veng province, in south eastern Cambodia. The provincial capital Prey Veng town is located in the district.
Administration
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Prey Veng province
Sirmauri is a Western Pahari language spoken in the Sirmaur district in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. Its two main varieties are Dharthi (also called Giriwari) and Giripari.
Grammar
Postpositions
Script
The native script of the language is called Sirmauri script. This script is under proposal to be encoded in the Unicode. It is locally known as Dhankari. Pabuuchi was a script used by a class of astrologers.
Status
The language is commonly called Pahari or Himachali. The language has no official status and is recorded as a dialect of Hindi. According to the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO), the language is in the critically endangered category, i.e. the youngest speakers of Sirmauri are generally grandparents or older and they too speak it infrequently or partially. Earlier the language enjoyed some state patronage. After independence, everything changed due to the government favoring Hindi more.
The demand for the inclusion of 'Pahari (Himachali)' under the Eight Schedule of the Constitution, which is supposed to represent multiple Pahari languages of Himachal Pradesh, had been made in the year 2010 by the state's Vidhan Sabha. There has been no positive progress on this matter since then even when small organisations strive to save the language. Due to political interest, the language is currently recorded as a dialect of Hindi, even when having poor mutual intelligibility with it.
References
Northern Indo-Aryan languages
Indo-Aryan languages
Languages of Himachal Pradesh
Endangered languages of India
Chalcides ocellatus, or the ocellated skink (also known as the eyed skink or gongilo) is a species of skink found in Greece, southern Italy, Malta, Lebanon, and parts of northern Africa. UAE, Israel, It is also found in Pakistan, India and Sri Lanka.
Description
As an adult, it generally reaches about 15 to 30 cm (6 to 12 in) of length with a 22 to 39 g weight and has a small head, cylindrical body, and five toes on each foot. They are very agile and are often found in arid areas. It is strongly related to Chalcides colosii, and C. colosii was formerly considered a subspecies of C. ocellatus. C. ocellatus is notable for the presence of ocelli and for its wide variety of coloration patterns. Females of the species give birth to 2-6 live young through viviparity.
Chalcides ocellatus is considered to be a generalist species and can be found in a wide variety of environments, such as farmland and gravel deserts around the Mediterranean coast. Its main escape tactic from predators is to run behind vegetation, most likely because it is not suited to run very fast. Although this species has very smooth scales and is capable of "sand-swimming" behavior in loose sand or soil, its limbs are not specifically adapted for fossorial movement.
Diet
Ocellated skinks are primarily insectivorous. In the wild they have been recorded to eat a wide variety of insects, including locusts, crickets, ants, beetles, isopods, spiders, centipedes, and insect larvae. However, they are also known to occasionally eat small lizards, including their own young, and the tails of young lizards are a regular finding in the stomach contents of Chalcides ocellatus.
In captivity, ocellated skinks can be primarily fed on insect prey, but they also take certain commercial diets as well as occasional wet cat/dog food. Ocellated skinks are also known to eat small amounts of plant matter, such as finely chopped greens, flowers, and fruits.
References
External links
Photos and Information
Morphology of C. ocellatus from Digimorph, an NSF Digital Library at UT-Austin
Chalcides
Lizards of Europe
Skinks of Africa
Reptiles of Pakistan
Reptiles described in 1775
Taxa named by Peter Forsskål
Live at Roadburn 2008 is the first live album by American black metal band Wolves in the Throne Room. It was released in January 2009 on LP/DVD and later in November 2009 on CD/DVD.
Track listing
Personnel
Wolves in the Throne Room
Nathan Weaver - guitar, vocals
Rick Dahlin - guitar
Will Lindsay - bass
Aaron Weaver - drums
Other
Richard "Robotmonster" Schouten - cover art
Marcel van de Vondervoort - mixing, mastering
José Carlos Santos - photography (LP version)
Afton Larsen - group photos (CD version)
Carli Davidson - background photo (CD version)
Christophe Szpajdel – logo
Recording
The performance was recorded live at the Roadburn Festival, April 19, 2008 at 013, Tilburg, Netherlands.
Mixed and mastered at Torture Garden Studio, Oss, Netherlands.
Release
Roadburn Records released the album on January 6, 2009. Initially it was only available as an LP/DVD pack (RBR012) in a limited edition of 1000 copies (500 black, 150 gold, 150 yellow, and 200 unknown colours). Later that year, Roadburn released a CD/DVD edition (RBR011).
2009 live albums
Wolves in the Throne Room albums
Järfälla Sim is a swimming club with water polo team from the municipality of Järfälla north of Stockholm, Sweden, and has been among the leading teams of Swedish water polo on the women's side for the last decade. In May 2010 both the men's and women's teams won the Swedish championship. This was the fourth championship for the women's team and the first ever for the men's team.
References
Swimming clubs in Sweden
Water polo clubs in Sweden
Tiberio d'Assisi (circa 1470–1524) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in the early 16th century. He painted in the style of Pietro Perugino. He is also known as Tiberio Diatelevi or Tiberio di Assisi.
He painted a Madonna in the church of S. Martino, near Trevi; a Madonna and five scenes from the life of St. Francis (1512), in the church of San Francesco in Montefalco; a St. Sebastian for the church of San Fortunato in Montefalco; a Madonna in S. Domenico in Assisi, and Scenes from the life of St. Francis in Basilica of Santa Maria degli Angeli in the same city (1518). Fresco work was discovered in Castel Ritaldi.
Gallery
References
People from Assisi
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
16th-century Italian painters
1470 births
Umbrian painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Year of birth uncertain
Hoseyni or Hoseini (), also rendered as Husaini or 'oseyni, may refer to various places in Iran:
Hoseyni-ye Olya, East Azerbaijan Province
Hoseyni, Isfahan
Hoseyni, Khuzestan
Hoseyni, Kurdistan
Hoseyni, Nishapur, Razavi Khorasan Province
Hoseyni, Taybad, Razavi Khorasan Province
Hoseyni, Yazd
Hoseyni Rural District, in Khuzestan Province
See also
Husseini
Rodrigo Pimentel may refer to:
Rodrigo P. Pimentel, U.S. immigration activist
Rodrigo R. Pimentel, Brazilian Military Police officer
Sargocentron spinosissimum is a species of fish in the squirrelfishes.
References
External links
spinosissimum
Fish described in 1843
Mickle Trafford railway station was a station on the Birkenhead Joint Railway in Mickle Trafford, Cheshire.
History and operations
The station was open for the use by passengers between 1889 and 1951 when it was closed and was subsequently demolished. Although all traces of the station have now been removed, the site remains an active operational location, as the Mid-Cheshire Line passenger trains from Manchester via Stockport and Altrincham join the main Chester - Warrington (Bank Quay) - Manchester Piccadilly line at this point and Mickle Trafford signal box remains in use to work the junction between the two routes.
References
Bibliography
Butt R.V.J, The Directory of Railway Stations, 1995, Patrick Stephens Limited,
Further reading
Disused railway stations in Cheshire
Former Birkenhead Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1889
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1951
Nabarun Bhattacharya (23 June 1948 – 31 July 2014) was an Indian writer in Bengali language. He was born at Berhampur, West Bengal. He was the only child of actor and playwright Bijon Bhattacharya and writer, activist Mahashweta Devi. His maternal grandfather was the writer from the Kallol era, Manish Ghatak. Visionary filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak was his great uncle.
His novel, Herbert (1993), was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award, and adapted into a film of the same name in 2005, by Suman Mukhopadhyay.
Bhattacharya regularly edited a literary magazine Bhashabandhan. He was secretary of Ganasanskriti Parisad, the cultural organization of CPIML Liberation.
Personal life
Bhattacharya studied in Kolkata, first Geology, then English, from Calcutta University. Nabarun married Pranati Bhattacharya, who was a professor of political science.
Works
The characters called Fyataru
His magic realist writings introduced a strange set of human beings to Bengali readers, called Fyataru (fyat: the sound created by kites while they are flown; otherwise, fyat has also a hint of someone worthless, deriving from the words foto, faaltu; uru: related to flying), who are an anarchic underclass fond of sabotage who are also capable of flying whenever they utter the mantra 'fyat fyat sh(n)aai sh(n)aai' (this mantra was later made into a song by the popular bangla band Chandrabindoo in one of its albums). They appear in his books Mausoleum, Kaangaal Maalshaat, Fatarur Bombachaak, Fyatarur Kumbhipaak and Mobloge Novel. Suman Mukhopadhyay, who was basically from a theatrical background, dramatized Kaangaal Maalshaat in a movie of the same name.
In 2019, a new English translation of Harbart was published by New Directions, reviewed for Words Without Borders by Arka Chattopadhyay. In 2020, Sourit Bhattacharya, Arka Chattopadhyay and Samrat Sengupta co-edited a Bloomsbury volume of Nabarun's short stories, poems, interviews and a set of critical articles on his works: Nabarun Bhattacharya: Aesthetics and Politics in a World after Ethics.
Major works
Kangal Malshat (কাঙাল মালসাট) (Hooghly: Saptarshi Prakashan, 2003)
Herbert (Kolkata: Deys, 1994)
Lubdhak (Barasat: Abhijan Publishers, 2006)
Ei Mrityu Upotyoka Aamaar Desh Na (Hooghly: Saptarshi, 2004)
Halaljhanda o Onyanyo (Hooghly: Saptarshi, 2009)
Mahajaaner Aayna (Kolkata: Bhashabandhan, 2010)
Fyaturur Kumbhipak (Kolkata: Bhashabandhan)
Raater Circus (Kolkata: Bhashabandhan)
Anarir Naarigyan (Kolkata: Bhashabandhan)
Joratali (Kolkata: Bhashabandhan, Posthumous)
Mablage Novel(Kolkata:Bhashabandhan, Posthumous)
Andho Biral
Death
Nabarun Bhattacharya died of intestinal cancer at Thakurpukur cancer hospital, Kolkata on 31 July 2014.
References
External links
American Petromax (Hindi) – Nabarun Bhattacharya
Bengali-language writers
1948 births
2014 deaths
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Bengali
Indian male novelists
Writers from Kolkata
Bengali novelists
Bengali Hindus
Indian magazine editors
University of Calcutta alumni
People from Baharampur
20th-century Indian novelists
Novelists from West Bengal
21st-century Indian novelists
20th-century Indian male writers
Indian Hindus
21st-century Indian male writers
Magic realism writers
Henri François Jean André Marchand (28 August 1898, Mainvilliers, Eure-et-Loir, France – 22 May 1959, 15th arrondissement of Paris) known as Henri Marchand — was a French actor of stage and screen.
Filmography
1927 : Mathusalem ou l'éternel bourgeois (short film by Jean Painlevé)
1931 : À nous la liberté (Director: René Clair) ... as Émile
1932 : Amour amour / Pour ses beaux yeux (Director: Robert Bibal) ... as Paul Berton
1932 : L'enfant du miracle (Director: Maurice Diamant-Berger) ... as Georges
1932 : Je vous aimerai toujours (Director: Mario Camerini) ... as Pierre Duchesne
1934 : Volga in Flames de Victor Tourjansky ... as Ivan
1934 : Le Billet de mille de Marc Didier ... as the Manager
1934 : Le Bossu de René Sti : Passepoil
1934 : La Marche nuptiale de Mario Bonnard : César
1934 : Ces messieurs de la noce de Germain Fried (court métrage)
1934 : Crémaillère de Georges Root (court métrage)
1934 : L'École des resquilleurs de Germain Fried (court métrage)
1935 : Madame Angot's Daughter de Jean Bernard-Derosne : Antonin
1935 : La Tendre Ennemie de Max Ophüls : l'extra
1935 : L'Enfant du Danube de Charles le Derle et André Alexandre: a sailor
1935 : Bébé est un amour de M. Rugard (court métrage)
1936 : Monsieur Personne de Christian-Jaque : Germain
1936 : Match nul de Maurice Gleize (moyen métrage)
1937 : Les Deux Combinards de Jacques Houssin : Cormoz
1939 : Musicians of the Sky de Georges Lacombe
1939 : Thunder Over Paris de Bernard Deschamps : le badeau bègue
1949 : La Souricière d'Henri Calef : un juré
1950 : Under the Sky of Paris de Julien Duvivier : un journaliste
1950 : Trois Télégrammes d'Henri Decoin : Joseph, le concierge de l'école
1951 : Clara de Montargis d'Henri Decoin
1951 : Ils sont dans les vignes de Robert Vernay : le copain
1951 : La Plus Belle Fille du monde de Christian Stengel : le maire
1952 : L'amour n'est pas un péché de Claude Cariven
1952 : Les Belles de nuit de René Clair : l'abbé en 1789
1952 : d'Henri Verneuil (dans le sketch Le Témoignage d'un enfant de chœur)
1952 : Operation Magali de
1953 : L'Amour d'une femme de Jean Grémillon
1953 : Jeunes Mariés, de Gilles Grangier : le curé (non crédité)
1956 : Les Aventures de Till L'Espiègle de Gérard Philipe et Joris Ivens : le prêtre
1957 : Le Tombeur by René Delacroix
1958 : Pourquoi viens-tu si tard? by Henri Decoin
Theater
1945 : A Flea in Her Ear by Georges Feydeau, mise en scène Robert Ancelin, Théâtre de la Porte-Saint-Martin
1949 : Le Roi by Robert de Flers and Gaston Arman de Caillavet, mise en scène Jacques Charon, Comédie-Française
1950 : La Belle Aventure by Gaston Arman de Caillavet, Robert de Flers and Étienne Rey, mise en scène Jean Debucourt, Comédie-Française
1950 : A Winter Tale by William Shakespeare, mise en scène Julien Bertheau, Comédie-Française
1951 : Madame Sans-Gêne by Victorien Sardou, mise en scène Georges Chamarat, Comédie-Française
1952 : Lorenzaccio by Alfred de Musset, mise en scène Gérard Philipe, TNP Festival d'Avignon
References
External links
1898 births
1959 deaths
People from Eure-et-Loir
French male film actors
French male stage actors
20th-century French male actors
Tso may refer to:
Tso language, a Savanna language of eastern Nigeria
Tso or Ts'o, several Chinese surnames (e.g., Cao) in dialect or Wade–Giles romanization, which may refer to:
Zuo Zongtang or General Tso (左宗棠)
Theodore Ts'o, a software developer mainly known for his contributions to the Linux kernel
See also
TSO (disambiguation)
Kenneth David "Lum" Snyder (August 12, 1930 – October 1985) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League who played for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1952 through 1955 and in 1958. He was named to the Pro Bowl two times. Snyder attended Georgia Tech.
1930 births
1985 deaths
American football offensive linemen
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Eastern Conference Pro Bowl players
Allen Sloan was a Scottish rugby union player.
He was capped nine times between 1914 and 1921 for . He also played for Edinburgh Academicals.
He was the father of Donald Sloan, who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Marble Springs, also known as the Gov. John Sevier Home, is a state historic site in south Knox County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. The site was the home of John Sevier (1745–1815)—a Revolutionary War and frontier militia commander and later the first governor of Tennessee—from 1790 until his death in 1815. A cabin at the site was once believed to have been Sevier's cabin, although recent dendrochronological analyses place the cabin's construction date in the 1830s, well after Sevier had died.
Along with the "Sevier" cabin, several out-buildings have been moved from elsewhere in East Tennessee and several have been reconstructed to simulate a typical pioneer farm from Sevier's time. The site also includes a pavilion and an outdoor stage. The site is managed for the Tennessee Historical Commission by the Governor John Sevier Memorial Association.
Geographical setting
Marble Springs is situated in a valley between a low ridge known as Brown Mountain to the north and the hills that comprise the southwest flank of Bays Mountain to the south. These two mountains are part of the Appalachian Ridge-and-Valley Physiographic Province. The area is drained by Stock Creek, which empties into the Fort Loudoun Lake impoundment of the Tennessee River roughly to the west.
The Marble Springs site is located just off Tennessee State Route 168 (Governor John Sevier Highway), which connects U.S. Route 129 (Alcoa Highway) to the west with U.S. Route 441 (Chapman Highway) to the east. The site is entirely within Knox County, although the Blount County line is just over to the southwest and the Sevier County line is just over to the southeast.
History
John Sevier arrived in Tennessee from his native Virginia in the early 1770s. He quickly earned a reputation as a competent frontier militia commander, helping the American cause at the Battle of King's Mountain (1780) and defeating the Cherokee at the Battle of Boyd's Creek (also in 1780). Sevier served as the only governor of the short-lived State of Franklin (1785–1788) and later than governor of Tennessee for six terms, 1796–1801 and 1803–1809. Sevier served as a state senator from 1809–1811 and as a U.S. Congressman from 1811 until his death.
Sevier officially obtained the Marble Springs area in 1796, although he was living there as early as 1790 (the site was within a days' journey of Knoxville, which at the time served as capital of the Southwest Territory). He named it after springs on the property that flowed continuously throughout the year. Structures on the farm included a springhouse, corn crib, smokehouse, and several other cabins.
Sevier's children sold Marble Springs to an attorney named James Dardis in 1818. Dardis leased the property to the family of George Kirby, who was living at Marble Springs in 1840. Kirby purchased the property from the Dardis family when Dardis died in 1847. In 1941, the state of Tennessee appropriated funds to purchase and restore Marble Springs. The Tennessee Historical Commission and the John Sevier Memorial Commission oversaw the site's restoration.
Dendrochronological research
In April 2007, the University of Tennessee conducted a dendrochronological analysis of logs in both the Sevier cabin and the Walker cabin. Researchers determined that the oldest logs in the Sevier cabin were harvested around 1835, placing its construction date well after the death of Sevier. The cabin's likely builder was George Kirby, who lived as a tenant at Marble Springs during this period.
Historical structures at Marble Springs
Along with Sevier's cabin, several outbuildings have been added to Marble Springs to give visitors an idea of life on an 18th-century Tennessee Valley farm. In Sevier's time, numerous barns, smokehouses, and other buildings would have been scattered across the tract.
1. The John Sevier Cabin, built around 1835. It is the only structure original to the site. The cabin's dog-trot kitchen—a common sight on pioneer cabins in the region—was a later addition. The cabin currently contains several artifacts donated by the Sevier family.
2. The Walker Cabin, built around 1828. This building was moved intact from a farm just off Walker Springs Road in Knox County. The Walker cabin is used by the site to represent a frontier tavern. The cabin's construction date was confirmed by dendrochronological analyses of its logs in 2007.
3. The McCall Smokehouse, built ca. 1850. This building was donated by the McCall family, whose farm lay a few miles south of Marble Springs.
4. The Loom House, built in 1970. This building was constructed from logs taken from an old log building on the McCall farm, and contains looms and wheels for spinning both wool and flax.
Other buildings include a springhouse, a corn crib and several work areas.
See also
James Park House
References
External links
Marble Springs Website
Governor John Sevier Home — Tennessee Historical Commission site
Sevier Site Gives Glimpse of 18th century Life — article at knoxnews.com
Houses in Knox County, Tennessee
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Museums in Knoxville, Tennessee
Historic house museums in Tennessee
Open-air museums in Tennessee
Tennessee State Historic Sites
Biographical museums in Tennessee
Protected areas of Knox County, Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Governor of Tennessee
Relocated buildings and structures in Tennessee
The River is an extended play written and produced from 2009 to 2010 by Canadian electronic musician Michael Silver, known by his stage name as CFCF. It was inspired by Werner Herzog's 1982 film Fitzcarraldo. Described by RVNG Intl.'s press release as a series of "lucid sound sequences from a lunatic mind," the experimental downtempo psychedelic new age EP was analyzed by music journalist Jonny Coleman as the story of a character who is stranded in a rural, tribal land. The River is a set of six original tracks by Silver with digital download versions of the record containing four remixes of songs from the EP by acts such as Jacques Renault, Coyote, and Games. The River was released by label RVNG Intl. on October 12, 2010 to generally positive reviews from critics, some reviewers calling its more modern-sounding cuts to be the best of the entire record.
Composition and concept
The River was written and produced from the fall of 2009 to the winter of 2010 by Michael Silver at his home and "on trains." It was inspired by Fitzcarraldo (1982), a German adventure-drama film by Werner Herzog that, in the words of writer Jonny Coleman, is about "academic (white) men who go out on culturally touristic crusades." Coleman highlighted that these "academic (white) men" formed the presence of Imperialism in the world due to their crusades. He analyzes that The River follows a character who is stranded in a rural, tribal land, where "benevolent polyrhythms share space with civilized instruments like synths and drum machines." The vinyl cover of The River, designed by Kevin O'Neill, is a map of what led the title character of Herzog's film to achieve "madness and freedom."
The press release by RVNG Intl. summarized The River as a series of "lucid sound sequences from a lunatic mind." The EP is an experimental downtempo electronic psychedelic new age record that was categorized by William Rauscher of Resident Advisor as a "heavily soundtrack-esque exploration of kosmische atmosphere and ambient evocation." It mostly consists of textures that sound like they were made with acoustic instruments. Ray Finlayson of Beats per Minute described the sound of The River as a "beautiful landscape."
Songs
The River begins with “Before and After Light," a song based around a looping snippet of finger-picking. The song also consists of unnoticeable drums and ghost-like, Brian Eno-style synthesizers. The track is followed by “It Was Never Meant to Be This Way,” which features the more repetitive aspects of krautrock. It depicts what RVNG Intl. described as a "melancholy chopstick piano figure" in an environment of ghostly-and-airy-sounding synthesizer loops. Coleman wrote that the first two songs serve as an introduction to the tribal land that the EP takes place in, as they "casually build towards something" and "noodle and meander without any vocals leading the charge."
Coleman analyzes that a human voice is introduced on The River in "Upon the Hill" in the form of an "abstract backing vocal choir." The track consists of Popol Vuh-style electric guitars that, as he wrote, give both a "vaguely spiritual" and "dusty-leather-rock-friendly" groove to the track. Snare drums come in later on in the track to "scream[] at us that we're marching somewhere," he analyzed. Coleman pinpoints "Frozen Forest" as the MacGuffin in the plot of The River. The ambient downtempo trip-hop song was analogized by Finlayson as someone driving through the woods after a snowstorm, which is represented using what he labeled as "chilly synths and glimmering repeating noises" that play over a set breakbeat-style drums and bass arpeggios. Finlayson compared its "cold feeling" to the works of Fever Ray, while Rauscher found its vibe and guitar pick sounds similar to "Teardrop" by English group Massive Attack.
The title track, categorized by Rauscher as a "Tim-Hecker style white-noise freak-out," includes synthesized panpipes and sounds similar to those of a heavy amount of water harshly flowing. As the press release described, the title track "casts doomsday shadows before the best use of a master blaster drum attack since DJ Shadow's “Stem / Long Stem”." The River closes with “Orage," which, as the press release analogized, "drifts on a bed of wreckage into an uncertain dusk." As Finlayson wrote, the song is a "vague nod to time and sounds past as wonderfully resolving synth lines circle patiently around each other." Despite these synth lines being electronically-produced, Finlayson noted their "strangely natural" feel, "like some sort of high pitch noise a thriving forest emits condensed into carefully executed tones." The track ends with rain sound effects as it fades out. As Coleman wrote, "the final two tracks wind us down either the way we came or as some sort of conduit, some bridge to the next release."
Remixes
Digital download editions of The River come with four remixes of songs from the EP. These re-edits were analogized by Rauscher as "the soundtrack to Fitzcarraldo 2: Electric Boogaloo, in which the obsessed hero builds a disco next to his jungle opera house." The first of these remixes is a version of "Frozen Forest" by DJ Jacques Renault, which Coleman called a "bridge track, one that constantly inches us higher, without exploding." The remix removes the guitar from the original track and turns it into a dub-influenced house song. It is followed by a remix of "It Was Never Meant to Be This Way" by electronic music duo Games, which was described by reviewer Steve Shaw as a "lush affair" with "chopped DX7 pads and afro-new age staccato melodies". The remix was also included on Games' EP That We Can Play (2010). Another remix of "Frozen Forest" by English balearic group Coyote adds a disco element to the original song and is much more melodic. The last remix of the digital edition of The River is a piano version of “It Was Never Meant to Be This Way," which The Fader analogized as the story of a "damper-pedal virtuoso and plaintive high-cheekboned ghost [that] take[s] residence inside your ear to elegantly discharge their story of composure amidst agitating stillness."
Release and promotion
Two tracks from The River were released before the EP was distributed: "Before and After Light" on September 28, 2010 and Games' remix of "It Was Never Meant to Be This Way" on October 11, 2010. The River was released on vinyl and in digital stores on October 12, 2010 by the label RVNG Intl. The first vinyl pressing of The River was a limited edition of 550 copies. On October 6, 2010, an official video for the title track was released. Described by Larry Fitzmaurice as a "strangely unsettling clip," the video depicts a woman with anxiety on a roller coaster, kids disappearing, and a man that walks backward. On November 8, 2010, a video for the piano version of "It Was Never Meant to be This Way" was released. It uses footage of the "icebox glamor" sequences from the David Cronenberg film Stereo (1969).
Reception
Finlayson called The River "fresh," "original," and "exciting." Both Rauscher and Pitchfork critic Marc Hogan found the more modern-sounding material on the EP to be the best on the release. Rauscher still found its more retro-sounding tracks to be "quite effective," while Hogan felt that they "tend to drag." Hogan called The River "fine and auspicious" but also opined it a downfall from the film the EP was inspired by in that the listener "can't hear the place" where it takes place like the film. A writer from Under the Radar concluded, "while The River lacks an immediate standout close to Continent's "Big Love," it still strikes an incredible aesthetic balance between Silver's love affair with 1980s keyboard music and his forward-thinking, restrained, and sparse electronica know-how."
In a more mixed review, Danny Wadeson of The Line of Best Fit dismissed The River as "an oddly composed EP [...] that flirts with great ideas and a lush sound that aren't quite unlocked fully until they find themselves in other hands than those of Silver's." He criticized the EP for having remixes that "actually help to find the original tracks find what feels like a truer voice," feeling the original CFCF tracks lacked "engaging beats." The cover art for The River landed on a year-end list of the "Top 25 Album Covers of 2010" by Tiny Mix Tapes.
Track listing
All track lengths adapted from the iTunes Stores.
References
2010 EPs
EPs by Canadian artists
CFCF (musician) albums
New-age albums by Canadian artists
Downtempo EPs
Experimental music EPs
Ambient EPs
Chencun (陈村) could refer to 5 township-level settlements in the PRC:
Towns
Chencun, Foshan, in Shunde District, Foshan, Guangdong
Chencun, Fengxiang County, in Fengxiang County, Shaanxi
Chencun, Jiang County, in Jiang County, Shanxi
Townships
Chencun Township, Mianchi County, in Mianchi County, Henan
Chencun Township, Jingning She is Autonomous County, in Jingning She is Autonomous County, Zhejiang
The cervical spinal nerve 6 (C6) is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 6 (C6).
The C6 nerve root shares a common branch from C5, and has a role in innervating many muscles of the rotator cuff and distal arm, including:
Subclavius
Supraspinatus
Infraspinatus
Biceps Brachii
Brachialis
Deltoid
Teres Minor
Brachioradialis
Serratus Anterior
Subscapularis
Pectoralis Major
Coracobrachialis
Teres Major
Supinator
Extensor Carpi Radialis Brevis
Extensor Carpi Radialis Longus
Latissimus Dorsi
Damage to the C6 motor neuron, by way of impingement, ischemia, trauma, or degeneration of nerve tissue, can cause denervation of one or more of the associated muscles. Muscle atrophy and other secondary complications can occur.
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
The African pitta (Pitta angolensis) is an Afrotropical bird of the family Pittidae. It is a locally common to uncommon species, resident and migratory in the west, and an intra-African migrant between equatorial and southeastern Africa. They are elusive and hard to observe despite their brightly coloured plumage, and their loud, explosive calls are infrequently heard. The plump, somewhat thrush-like birds forage on leaf litter under the canopy of riparian or coastal forest and thickets, or in climax miombo forest. They spend much time during mornings and at dusk scratching in leaf litter or around termitaria, or may stand motionless for long periods. Following rains breeding birds call and display from the mid-canopy.
Taxonomy
The African pitta was described by the French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot in 1816 and given the binomial name Pitta angolensis. Vieillot had introduced the genus Pitta in another book published in the same year.
Three subspecies are recognised:
P. a. pulih Fraser, 1843 – Sierra Leone to west Cameroon
P. a. angolensis Vieillot, 1816 – southwest Cameroon to northwest Angola
P. a. longipennis Reichenow, 1901 – southeast Democratic Republic of the Congo to southwest Tanzania and south to northeast South Africa. Migrates outside the breeding season to the Central African Republic, north D.R. Congo and south Kenya.
The closely related green-breasted pitta (Pitta reichenowi) replaces the African pitta in the interior of Africa's tropical rainforests. Together the two species form part of a wide-ranging Old World superspecies, which in relatively recent times colonised Africa from the east.
It has been suggested that the races pulih and angolensis may be conspecific with the green-breasted pitta. The migratory race longipennis may also be a separate species.
Description
The sexes are alike. The crown, face, and ear coverts are solid black, and the throat is pale salmon pink. The broad eyebrow is buff to brownish buff. The flanks, breast, and side of the neck are a mustard yellow, washed olive on the upper breast. Some western birds have the breast very greenish. The wing coverts are deep green and tipped turquoise blue, or black and tipped turquoise and royal blue. The mantle and back are green, and the rump and upper tail coverts pale turquoise blue. The wings are rounded, and the primaries are black with pale and white tips. The bases of the central primaries form a white square, conspicuous in flight or display. The belly and undertail coverts are crimson red, and the legs are pink. Immature birds have a duller plumage with a buffy-pink vent and fawn-coloured throat.
Distribution and habitat
The African pitta is a migratory species to southeastern Africa and the Congo Basin. Its breeding habitat in southeastern Africa is deciduous, lowland riparian forest or thicket with intermittent dense understorey and small sub-canopy glades. On migration however, they may sojourn at any areas of bush or woodland. Fallen dead trees and open branches are favoured perches when performing their peculiar bouncing display. They are more numerous in undisturbed vegetation, and the opening up of the riparian woodland by elephants may reduce their habitat.
Migration
The race P. a. longipennis spends the austral winter in the western Ugandan forests as far north as Budongo, and coastal Kenya as far north as Gedi ruins. A bird found at Minziro Forest in northwestern Tanzania was in heavy moult, suggestive that the area is on the southeastern fringe of the non-breeding range.
They arrive in southern Africa from late October, though mainly in November and early December. They seldom breed north of the Rukwa Valley and Rufiji River in Tanzania, and no further south than central Mozambique. They depart again in February, though occasionally as late as April. Ringing studies in the Pugu hills and Mufindi have confirmed the timing of northwestward migration. Exhausted and perished birds are regularly found during migration, especially November to December and April to June. Southward migrating birds sometimes overshoot when they follow moist tropical fronts (at night), which may account for their vagrancy in the north-eastern Transvaal and the Zimbabwean plateau. Some reverse migration has been noted after the breeding season.
Behaviour
Habits and foraging
The African pitta moves about by quick hops. It forages singly on leaf litter, where it scratches to uncover insects and mollusks. It may flit the tail as it walks, and run or jump to a low branch when alarmed, or fly to a high branch where it hides by crouching. It has a fast and direct flight.
It has various call notes, including a querulous scolding , noted by Moreau, a short, deep trill followed by a wing-clap, and a note, accompanied by a small jump. A croaking call may be heard during migration, and a guttural alarm note has been recorded.
Breeding
They are probably monogamous, and display for a few weeks after arrival. Displaying birds utter a far-carrying and explosive as they leap from a lateral branch in mid-canopy. At the same time the wings are opened to reveal the white bases to the primary feathers. Pairs may be spaced 150 meters from one another.
The bulky, untidy nest is a dome-shape structure composed of small sticks, grass and dry leaves. The inside is lined with finer twigs, tendrils and some dry leaves. It is placed above ground in the fork of a sapling, or in the thorny and leafy branches of Acacia, Ziziphus, Ximenia or Dichrostachys. A projecting lip beside the side entrance is used as a landing platform. Egg-laying takes place from November to December in southeastern Africa, and the birds fall silent once incubation starts. Three to four eggs are laid. They are white or cream in colour, and flecked with grey undermarkings and liver-red to blackish-brown markings near the thicker end. They measure . The nestlings are altricial and nidicolous.
Status
A decline has been noted in the coastal forests of Kenya after 1983. Concern has been expressed about lighted buildings in coastal Tanzania, which might pose a collision risk, as the birds are nocturnal migrants. Breeding habitat in the Zambezi valley has been impacted by elephants and agricultural expansion. Habitat loss and fragmentation is ongoing.
Monograph
In 1893, Daniel Giraud Elliot, an American zoologist, published a monograph of the Pitta angolensis.
References
Encyclopedia of Animals: Mammals, Birds, Reptiles and Amphibians. Harold G. Cogger, Edwin Gould, Joseph Forshaw
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the African pitta
African pitta
African pitta
African pitta
African pitta
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Because I Got High is the second studio album by Mississippi-based rapper Afroman. The record was released on T-Bones Records in the year 2000. Although a Canada-exclusive release, it was otherwise sold and distributed via live performances. The title track of the record stands as Afroman's most popular and best-selling song.
Because I Got High went to Number One on the New Zealand charts, where it stayed for four weeks, in 2000. The songs "Because I Got High", "Mississippi", "Hush", "Tumbleweed", "She Won't Let Me Fuck", "Tall Cans" and "American Dream" would all later be used on The Good Times in 2001.
Track listing
References
2000 albums
Afroman albums
Cannabis music
T-Bones Records albums
The Samurai is a novel by Japanese author Shusaku Endo first published in 1980. It tells a fictionalized story of a 17th-century diplomatic mission to "Nueva España" (New Spain or Mexico) by Japanese noblemen, and the cultural clash that ensues. The main character is Hasekura Rokuemon.
1980 Japanese novels
Novels set in Mexico
Novels set in the 17th century
Ogilvie Village Halt railway station served the village of Deri, Caerphilly, Wales on the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway. The site of the halt does not appear on os maps but was likely in private ownership. Nothing remains of the halt.
References
External links
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1935
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1962
1935 establishments in Wales
1962 disestablishments in Wales
Former Great Western Railway stations
Elisa Bloch (1848, Breslau, Silesia - 1904 or 1905) was a Silesian-French sculptor. She was an officer of public instruction, Commander of the Order of the Liberator, and Chevalier of the Order of the Dragon of Annam. She was a pupil of Henri Chapu. Her first exhibition was at the Salon of 1878, a medallion portrait of M. Bloch; this was followed by "Hope," the "Golden Age," "Virginius Sacrificing his Daughter," "Moses Receiving the Tables of the Law," and others. Mme. Bloch made numerous portrait busts, among them being the kings of Spain and Portugal, Buffalo Bill, C. Flammarion, and others. She received honorable mention at an 1894 showing. At the Salon of the Artistes Francais, 1903, Bloch exhibited a "Portrait of M. Frederic Passy, Member of the Institute".
References
External links
1848 births
Artists from Wrocław
French women sculptors
Polish women sculptors
1904 deaths
19th-century French sculptors
19th-century Polish sculptors
19th-century French women artists
Polish emigrants to France
was a Japanese politician. He served as the Chief Executive of the Government of the Ryukyu Islands (1968–1972) and Governor of Okinawa Prefecture (1972–1976). He graduated from Hiroshima Higher Normal School (now Hiroshima University).
Biography
Yara was a schoolteacher by profession and was serving as president for the Okinawa Teachers' Association at the time of his election to the executive leadership of the American-occupied Ryukyuan government.
Following his victory in the 1968 Ryukyuan legislative election, in which he campaigned for "immediate, unconditional reversion" of Okinawa, he met Prime Minister Eisaku Satō in December 1968 to discuss the immediate reversion of Okinawa to Japan, which Yara supported. In addition, he welcomed not only reversion, but also urged further for a "thinning out of U.S. bases." Yara was critical of these bases in great part due to the economic and environmental stress they put on Okinawans. Nonetheless, Yara had relatively moderate inclinations and cooperated with the Japanese government's requests to use his influence in order to convince radical Okinawan activists to call off a proposed general strike, in return for mainland governmental concessions.
As the Chief Executive, Yara butted heads with MITI after stating in 1970 that "In the introduction of foreign capital, we will give priority to the prefectural interests of Okinawa and will not be submissive to the homeland government."
References
1902 births
1997 deaths
People from Okinawa Prefecture
Governors of Okinawa Prefecture
Japanese educators
Hiroshima University alumni
Japanese politicians of Ryukyuan descent
Strolling Actresses Dressing in a Barn is a painting from 1738 by British artist William Hogarth. It was reproduced as an engraving and issued with Four Times of the Day as a five print set in the same year. The painting depicts a company of actresses preparing for their final performance before the troupe is disbanded as a result of the Licensing Act 1737. Brought in as a result of John Gay's Beggar's Opera of 1728, which had linked Robert Walpole with the notorious criminal Jonathan Wild, the Licensing Act made it compulsory for new plays to be approved by the Lord Chamberlain, and, more importantly for the characters depicted, closed any non-patent theatres. The majority of the painting was completed before the Act was passed in 1737, but its passing into law was no surprise and it was the work of a moment for Hogarth to insert a reference to the Act itself into the picture.
While not part of the Four Times of the Day series, it appears that it was Hogarth's intention from the outset to sell the five prints together, Strolling Actresses complemented Four Times just as Southwark Fair had done with A Rake's Progress. Whereas the characters in Four Times play their roles without being conscious of acting, the company in this picture are fully aware of the differences between the reality of their lives and the roles they are set to play. Some of the goddesses portrayed by the inhabitants of the scenes in Four Times of the Day are reproduced here as characters in the forthcoming play.
The troupe is preparing for the play The Devil to Pay in Heaven, a fiction that was probably intended as a satire on the mystery plays which were heavily controlled by the church. Hogarth contrasts the roles of gods and goddesses that appear in the play with the mortal reality at every turn. The leaky, draughty barn stands in for the heavens in which they will shortly be play acting. The playbill on the bed introduces the cast and aids the viewer in identifying the figures portrayed: Diana, Flora, Juno, Night, Siren, Aurora, Eagle, Cupid, two Devils, a Ghost and attendants.
Like other Hogarth prints, such as Southwark Fair and The Enraged Musician, a pretty woman takes centre stage – in this case, Diana, identifiable by her crescent moon headdress, practising her pose. She imitates the Diana of Versailles, but she looks foolish as she has neither quiver nor arrows. Her hooped petticoat has fallen to her feet, exposing her thighs, and the low neckline of her shirt reveals her breasts; she is anything but the chaste goddess. She acknowledges the attention of the viewer with a slight smile. To her left Flora is dusting her hair with a flour-shaker in front of a broken mirror propped up by a candle, in an effort to prepare herself for the role of the fertility goddess. Cupid "floats" above them with the aid of a ladder, fetching two stockings for Apollo, identifiable from the sun on his head, who points out with the aid of a bow their hanging place on a cloud beneath a dragon. Next to the actress playing Diana, two children dressed as devils help themselves to a mug of beer left on the altar like a sacrifice. A woman next to them (possibly their mother) is shocked by their behaviour but she has her hands full assisting the "ghost" to bleed a cat from its tail. As with many of Hogarth's cats, this one is reaping the rewards of life as an outsider. An old wives' tale of the time claimed that to recover from a bad fall you should suck the blood from the freshly amputated tail of a tom cat. Here the cat has a role forced upon it in the same way that actresses fill inappropriate roles.
Above the women in this corner, a face peers down through the opening in the barn roof. Here a low mortal looks down on the gods from heaven, rather than the other way round. He fills the role of Actaeon, who accidentally saw Diana naked and was changed into a stag and torn apart by his own hounds as punishment. Here though the viewing of Diana is intentional. In the right foreground, Juno practices her lines, while Night, identifiable by her star-spangled headdress, darns a hole in her stocking.
In front of Night and Juno is Hogarth's take on a vanitas, but here the symbols of death are replaced by comic figures: a monkey wearing a cloak urinates into a helmet; one kitten plays with an orb while another plays with a harp; bags and coffee pots litter the table. The monkey and kittens presumably fill the roles of attendants mentioned in the playbill; their play acting as a human serves to highlight further the difference between acting and reality.
To the left of the picture, Ganymede, who is not yet fully dressed, accepts a drink of gin to ease the pain of his toothache from the Siren, who is being attended by Aurora, identified by the morning star on her headdress. In the foreground a woman costumed as Jove's eagle feeds her child; the food rests on a crown with a small folded paper bearing the title The Act against Strolling Players. Next to her, Ganymede's breeches lie on the small bed adjacent to the playbill, which is slipping perilously close to the chamberpot.
Horace Walpole (the son of Robert Walpole, the First Lord of the Treasury, who had pushed through the Licensing Act) rated Strolling Actresses as Hogarth's greatest work "for wit and imagination, without any other end", but Charles Lamb found the characters lacking in expressiveness, while acknowledging the depiction of their activity and camaraderie.
The engraving was first published on 25 March 1738, along with Four Times of the Day. The painting was sold at auction along with the original paintings for A Harlot's Progress, A Rake's Progress and Four Times of the Day in January 1745, but was destroyed in a fire at Littleton House near Staines in 1874.
References
Mark Hallett and Christine Riding (2006). Hogarth. Tate Publishing, p. 136. .
Prints by William Hogarth
1738 paintings
Whites Hill is a mountain in the northern Adirondack Mountains of New York. It is located southeast of Parishville in St. Lawrence County. The mountain is the former site of an steel fire lookout tower that was in service from 1951 to 1971.
History
In 1950, the Conservation Department built an Aermotor LS40 steel fire lookout tower on the mountain. The tower began fire lookout operations in 1951, reporting 3 fires and 588 visitors. Due to increased use of aerial detection, the tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1971 fire lookout season and was later removed. The cabin was later moved to the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation's Trout Lake Shop where it is used by Operations Unit personnel.
References
Mountains of St. Lawrence County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Neritina iris is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
Distribution
Mayotte.
Description
Human use
It is a part of ornamental pet trade for freshwater aquaria.
References
External links
Neritidae
Gastropods described in 1849
"From Prussia with Love" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, Only Fools and Horses. It was the first episode of Series 5, and was first broadcast on 31 August 1986. In the episode, the Trotters meet a pregnant German girl and invite her to stay at the flat.
Synopsis
During another night at The Nag's Head, Del Boy, Rodney, and Albert meet a frightened 19-year-old German girl who tells them that she has been in England for a year working as an au pair for another family called the Wainwrights, until they threw her out. While Del and Albert head off home, the girl introduces herself to Rodney as Anna. Rodney invites her to stay at Nelson Mandela House with them for the night, but only discovers at the last minute that Anna is nine months pregnant, something she failed to mention.
Back at Nelson Mandela House, as Del is talking to a customer on his new Nomad cordless telephone (which is faulty), Rodney enters with Anna, leaving Del open-mouthed at the sight of her pregnant state. When Albert asks her who got her pregnant, Anna explains that the couple she worked for called the Wainwrights – a rich businessman and his wife, threw a house party, where Anna got drunk. The Wainwright family's son Spencer, a university student, took advantage of Anna, led her to the upstairs bedroom, and got her pregnant. He then told her not to tell his parents. But later that morning, Anna told them. When Mr. and Mrs. Wainwright asked Spencer, he denied the whole affair. Mr. and Mrs. Wainwright told Anna that she was disrupting Spencer's education and they threw her out, as well as give her some money for a flight back to Germany, but Anna does not want to bring her baby with her, so she wants to place it up for adoption when it is born. As Rodney takes Anna to bed, Del tells Albert that Boycie and Marlene have dreamed of having a child for years but have been unsuccessful in adopting because of Boycie's criminal records. Suddenly, Del gets an idea in order to solve everyone's problems.
The next day, at Boycie's house, while Rodney plays with Duke the dog, Del tells Boycie and Marlene that he can help get them a baby, and proves that Anna's baby is a boy by showing them a scan, as well as reminding Boycie that he will need an heir to his car business empire. When Rodney enters the house, he is outraged to hear that Boycie and Marlene want to adopt Anna's baby, and Del will be paid £3,000 in return.
A few days later, back at the flat, Rodney is still angry about Del's plan, but Albert reminds him that Anna gets her baby adopted by a loving family, Marlene gets the child she has always wanted, and Del gets £3,000, and will also give Anna £300 to take home to Germany with her. Suddenly, Anna goes into labour, and the Trotters do everything they can to get Anna to the hospital.
A week later, Marlene and Boycie are waiting in the lounge with Del until Rodney and Albert return with Anna and her baby. Just then, Rodney and Albert (shortly followed by Anna and her newborn child) return and tell Del the bad news that Anna actually gave birth to a baby girl, which she has also fallen in love with and now wants to keep. As Anna and the Trotters enter the lounge, Del introduces Boycie and Marlene to Anna, who runs off to the bedrooms crying. Del comes clean by explaining to Boycie that it is not a baby boy, but a baby girl, yet Marlene still wants to take the baby. When Rodney and Albert both cast angry looks at Del for making them sell Anna's baby, Boycie cancels the deal when he looks at the baby girl, who is revealed to have dark skin. Rodney (with a smirk on his face) explains to Del that he tried to tell him that Mr and Mrs Wainwright emigrated from the West Indies in 1956. Boycie calls off the deal and storms off with Marlene following behind both disappointed and crying, leaving both Del and Rodney to cheer up the baby.
Episode cast
Production
This episode (in which the original script featured Grandad instead of Albert) was originally meant to be part of Series 4, but had to be postponed due to Lennard Pearce's death.
Notes
The episode's title is a pun of the James Bond novel and film, From Russia with Love. The second time this happened with the show after Diamonds Are for Heather.
Music
Robert Palmer: "I Didn't Mean to Turn You On"
Chris de Burgh: "The Lady in Red"
References
External links
1986 British television episodes
Only Fools and Horses (series 5) episodes
Pregnancy-themed television episodes
Knights of Pen & Paper is a role-playing video game developed by Behold Studios and published by Paradox Interactive. It was released on October 30, 2012, for iOS and Android, and on June 18, 2013, for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux. Versions for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One were released on December 13, 2018. A Nintendo Switch version was released on May 29, 2018, in North America and on November 21, 2019, in Japan.
The game received positive reviews from critics, who cited its originality.
Gameplay
Knights of Pen & Paper is a turn-based RPG with the twist that the game itself exists in the imaginations of a group of Dungeons & Dragons-style role-playing game players, who are also shown. The player can control not only the players of the in-universe game, but also the Dungeon Master, allowing them to choose which battles to fight. The table upon which the in-universe game is being played is also a constant presence.
Sometimes the role-players will break character and talk amongst themselves informally. The game contains many references to 16-bit RPGs.
Reception
Knights of Pen & Paper received mostly positive reviews, and holds an aggregate score of 83/100 on Metacritic.
Rich Stanton of Eurogamer scored the game 9/10, calling the game a "rare case" in which such an "offbeat premise" is "executed with such winning aplomb that you can't help but be sucked in", and said that it made him interested in the real Dungeons & Dragons.
Nick Tywalk of Gamezebo scored the game 4.5/5, calling the game a "send up and tribute to old-school RPGs", with "witty writing".
The game was released on PC under the subtitle "+1 Edition", which garnered more mixed reviews from critics on that platform, with an aggregate Metacritic score of 62/100.
Sequels
The game received a sequel called Knights of Pen & Paper 2, which was developed by Kyy Games and released in 2015.Galaxy of Pen & Paper, a table-top RPG based on science fiction rather than swords and sorcery, which was developed by Behold Studios once again, and released in 2017.
References
2012 video games
Android (operating system) games
Digital tabletop role-playing games
Indie video games
IOS games
Linux games
MacOS games
Nintendo Switch games
Video games developed in Brazil
Windows games
Paradox Interactive games
Cécile Untermaier (born 28 December 1951) is a French civil servant and politician from the Socialist Party. She has been the member of the National Assembly for Saône-et-Loire's 4th constituency since 2012.
See also
List of deputies of the 14th National Assembly of France
List of deputies of the 15th National Assembly of France
References
External links
Official website
1951 births
Living people
People from Belley
People from Ain
People from Saône-et-Loire
Socialist Party (France) politicians
French socialists
Women members of the National Assembly (France)
21st-century French politicians
21st-century French women politicians
French civil servants
Politicians from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Deputies of the 14th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 16th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
The white-lored gnatcatcher (Polioptila albiloris) is a species of bird in the family Polioptilidae. It is found in Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua.
Taxonomy and systematics
The white-lored gnatcatcher was previously considered conspecific with the black-capped gnatcatcher (Polioptila nigriceps). The Yucatan gnatcatcher (P. albiventris) was previously a treated as a subspecies of the white-lored. The white-lored gnatcatcher has two subspecies, the nominate Polioptila albiloris albiloris and P. a. vanrossemi.
Description
The white-lored gnatcatcher is long and weighs . The nominate male in breeding plumage has a black cap down to the eyes and including the nape. The rest of the upperparts are bluish gray. The tail is black with white outermost feathers. The throat is white becoming pale bluish gray on the breast and flanks. The female has a dark gray cap and the eponymous white lores and supercilium. The juvenile is similar to the female but has browner upperparts. The male P. a. vanrossemi has a larger black cap and longer wings and tail than the nominate.
Distribution and habitat
The nominate white-lored gnatcatcher is found from central Guatemala south through Honduras, El Salvador, and Nicaragua into northwestern Costa Rica. P. a. vanrossemi is found in Mexico from the southern parts of the states of Michoacán, México, and Puebla south to most of Chiapas. It inhabits arid to semi-arid biomes including scrublands, thorn forest, deciduous woodland, and secondary forest. It shuns the interior of tall woodlands. It is mostly found below of elevation.
Behavior
Feeding
The white-lored gnatcatcher's diet is a variety of adult insects, caterpillars, and spiders. It forages mostly by gleaning but will make sallies to catch flying insects.
Breeding
The white-lored gnatcatcher breeds between March and August. Both sexes build the nest, a deep cup of grass and roots held together with spider silk and lined with fine grass, hair, and other soft materials. The clutch size is four. Bronzed (Molothrus aeneus) and brown-headed cowbirds (M. ater) parasitize the nest.
Vocalization
The white-lored gnatcatcher has two songs, a "simple" and a "complex" . It also has a variety of calls, for which see Xeno-canto below.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the white-lored gnatcatcher as being of The Least Concern. "Neither of the subspecies are restricted to ecoregions that are considered to be at serious risk".
References
white-lored gnatcatcher
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of El Salvador
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
white-lored gnatcatcher
white-lored gnatcatcher
white-lored gnatcatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cherokee County (county code CK) is a U.S. county located in Southeast Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 19,362. Its county seat is Columbus, and its most populous city is Baxter Springs. The latter became the first "cow town" in Kansas during the 1870s and the period of cattle drives.
History
19th century
In 1803, United States acquired from France the 828,000-square mile Louisiana Purchase, the former French lands west of the Mississippi River, for 2.83 cents per acre. This territory included most of the land for modern-day Kansas.
In the 1830s, the United States conducted Indian Removal of the Five Civilized Tribes from the Southeast region, to extinguish their land claims and allow European-American settlement in the area. They were given lands in what was called Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River, mostly in present-day Oklahoma. This part of Kansas was included at the time in the Cherokee Neutral Lands, and the county was named after this tribe.
In 1854, the U.S. organized the Kansas Territory. Settlers began to move into the territory, with violence breaking out between supporters of slavery and those who wanted to abolish it. In 1861, Kansas was admitted as the 34th U.S. state; its constitution prohibited slavery. In 1860, Cherokee County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Crawford County (north)
Jasper County, Missouri (east)
Newton County, Missouri (southeast)
Ottawa County, Oklahoma (south)
Craig County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Labette County (west)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Route 66 (decommissioned)
U.S. Route 69
U.S. Route 160
U.S. Route 166
Kansas Highway 7
Kansas Highway 26
Kansas Highway 57
Kansas Highway 66 (successor to the decommissioned U.S. 66)
Kansas Highway 96
Kansas Highway 102
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 22,605 people, 8,875 households, and 6,239 families residing in the county. The population density was 38 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 10,031 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.27% White, 0.61% Black or African American, 3.45% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.50% from other races, and 2.90% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.29% of the population.
There were 8,875 households, out of which 32.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.60% were married couples living together, 9.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.70% were non-families. 26.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.50% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 26.90% from 25 to 44, 23.10% from 45 to 64, and 15.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 94.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,505, and the median income for a family was $37,284. Males had a median income of $29,045 versus $19,675 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,710. About 11.40% of families and 14.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.40% of those under age 18 and 10.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
For most of its history, Cherokee County had more of a Democratic lean in presidential elections than the rest of the state, particularly before 1968. Since then, it has only voted for Democratic candidates twice. In 1976 & 1992, it was their second and fourth best county in the state, respectively. From 1996 on, the county has swung powerfully Republican similar to the rest of Southeast Kansas, with Hillary Clinton posting the worst percentage for a Democratic candidate ever at only 23.3%.
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, Cherokee County voters chose to remain a prohibition, or "dry", county on Sunday until 2012.
Education
Unified school districts
Southeast USD 247 is a school district primarily covering portions of Crawford and Cherokee counties, but also includes small portions of Labette and Neosho counties. It serves over 800 students in grades Pre-K through 12. Southeast High School (the "Lancers") is located just west of the city of Cherokee (where the district office is located). In Cherokee County the district serves the cities of Weir and West Mineral.
Riverton USD 404
Columbus USD 493
Galena USD 499
Baxter Springs USD 508
Communities
Cities
Baxter Springs
Columbus
Galena
Roseland
Scammon
Weir
West Mineral
Census-designated places
Lowell
Riverton
Other unincorporated communities
Carona
Cravensville
Crestline
Empire City
Faulkner
Hallowell
Lawton
Leawalk
Melrose
Military
Naylor
Neutral
Quaker
Sherman
Sherwin
Skidmore
Stippville
Turck
Ghost town
Treece, officially disincorporated in 2012 by the state of Kansas
Townships
Cherokee County is divided into fourteen townships. The cities of Baxter Spring, Columbus, Galena, Scammon, and Weir are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cherokee County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
History of Cherokee County, Kansas; Biographical Publishing Co; 646 pages; 1904.
Plat Book of Cherokee County, Kansas; Missouri Publishing Co; 35 pages; 1902.
External links
County
Cherokee County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
"Mined Lands" video
Maps
Cherokee County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
1860 establishments in Kansas Territory
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
Kansas counties
Ozarks
Populated places established in 1860
This is a list of the number-one downloaded songs in Canada during the year 2019.
The Nielsen SoundScan-compiled chart is published on Music Canada's website on Mondays and Billboard on Tuesdays.
Chart history
See also
List of Canadian Hot 100 number-one singles of 2019
List of number-one albums of 2019 (Canada)
List of number-one digital songs of 2018 (Canada)
References
External links
Billboard Hot Canadian Digital Songs
Current Hot Digital Canadian Songs
Canada Digital Songs
Digital 2019
2019 in Canadian music
The Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles have completed 17 seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) since their inaugural season in 2005. The team was formed to fill the void left in the Pacific League when the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes and the Orix BlueWave merged into one team during the 2004 NPB realignment. Through 2021, they have played 2,402 regular season games, winning 1,081, losing 1,248, and tying 73 for a winning percentage of .464. The Eagles have also a combined record of 15–14–1 (.517) in post-season and Japan Series play. The team that is based in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture.
Table key
Seasons
Statistics current through the 2021 season
Notes
This is determined by calculating the difference in wins plus the difference in losses divided by two.
The Final Stage of the Climax Series awards the regular season champion an automatic one-win advantage.
The 2020 season was shortened due to COVID-19 pandemic and game attendance either limited or prohibited; the 2021 season limited attendance.
References
Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles
The 2015–16 Intercity Football League is the ninth season of the Intercity Football League since its establishment in 2007. The season began on 16 May 2015, Taiwan Power Company are the defending champions.
Clubs
A total of 11 clubs will contest the league.
Preliminary Stage
The preliminary stages were held from May 16 to 18, 2015. All matches are held in Bailing Stadium.
Round one
The top two teams qualified to "Round Two".
Round two
The preliminary stages were held from August 14 to 16, 2015. All matches were held in Yonghua Stadium.
The top two teams qualified to the Intercity League.
Final round
The winners from Round 2 plus 6 best teams in 2014 season, will compete for the championship.
The league starts at September 13, 2015, and will end on April 23, 2016.
References
External links
Chinese Taipei Football Association
FIFA.com standings
Soccerway: Inter City League 2014
Top level Taiwanese football league seasons
Intercity Football League seasons
Taipei
1
2016 in Taiwanese football
The Schaudinnellidae are a family of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Taxonomy
There is one genus in this family - Schaudinnella.
The type species in this genus is Schaudinnella henleae.
History
This family was created by Poche in 1913.
Description
References
Apicomplexa families
Dharmpal Singh Gupta (born 21 August 1925 in Durg District, Madhya Pradesh) was a member of the 9th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Rajnandgaon constituency of Chhattisgarh and was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party political party.
References
India MPs 1989–1991
1925 births
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Chhattisgarh
Lok Sabha members from Chhattisgarh
People from Rajnandgaon
Indian National Congress politicians
Possibly living people
Madhya Pradesh MLAs 1967–1972
Madhya Pradesh MLAs 1977–1980
Microurania is an extinct genus of therapsids from the Middle Permian. It is known from a single partial skull found in the region of Orenburg, Russia. According to Kammerer, 2011, it likely represents the remains of a juvenile dinocephalian.
Skull
Microurania was small, with a skull of about 5 cm in length. It has a leaf-like postcanine tooth similar to the one on Phthinosuchus. It was probably omnivorous.
See also
List of therapsids
References
The main groups of non-mammalian synapsids at Mikko's Phylogeny Archive
External links
Microurania minima at Palaeocritti
Dinocephalians
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Fossils of Russia
Fossil taxa described in 1996
Saint Charles Preparatory School is a four-year Catholic college preparatory school (a type of high school) in Columbus, Ohio, US. It was founded in 1923 by the fourth bishop of Columbus, James J. Hartley, as a Roman Catholic college seminary and high school. Today, it is an all-male high school serving the Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus.
The school's patron is Saint Charles Borromeo, and its motto, inscribed above the front door, is Euntes Ergo Docete Omnes Gentes, a quote from the Gospel of Matthew (28:19) in the Latin Vulgate: "Going out, therefore, teach all nations." The original nickname of Saint Charles students is "Carolians", derived from the Latin word "Carolus," which means "Charles." In 1947, the students also began to refer to themselves as "Cardinals." The Saint Charles sports mascot is Charlie the Cardinal.
Campuses and founding
The school consists of two campuses. The oldest campus is Main Campus, which contains the school, gymnasium, natatorium, and theater. The newest campus is West Campus, which contains the athletic facility, track, and the robotics and mentoring center.
The school was founded in 1923 by Bishop James J. Hartley. The first classes were held at Sacred Heart School, an all-girls Catholic school, while the main school building was being built.
Main Campus
In 1925, construction of the main school building was completed and classes were held there. In 1931, the gymnasium and the Lady Lourdes Grotto were completed. Major renovations were made to the gym in 1951 to more than double the capacity. A Gaelic-style chapel (called the "Lower Chapel") was added on to the east side of the school in 1937. Bishop Hartley dedicated the chapel to Mother of Mercy. A Milwaukee art company beautified the chapel with artwork in 1952. A natatorium was built next to the multipurpose room in 1990. In 1999, the Jack Ryan Training and Fitness Facility was built adjoining to the gym.
Construction on the US$5.5 million Robert C. Walter Student Commons and the Student Services and Fine Arts Center, the largest addition to Saint Charles in its history, began in June 2005. The approximate addition, which replaced the courtyard behind the school, was ready for graduation at the end of the following school year; however, it was not available for full use until the 2006–2007 school year. The addition houses the Robert C. Walter Student Commons Area, which serves as a new cafeteria and provides ample seating space for school and community functions. The Walter Student Commons is named in memory of Robert C. Walter, father of 1963 graduate Robert D. "Bob" Walter, honorary chairman and lead contributor to the current capital campaign being conducted to finance the new addition. Bob Walter and his '63 classmate, architect Robert Corna of Cleveland, initiated the concept for the Commons nearly two years ago. Corna was the architect on the project, and based his designs off of a similar plan for Saint Ignatius High School in Cleveland, also an all-male school. On the columns supporting the roof are glass panes, which bear the names of all of the alumni of the school, written with laser. Behind the Robert C. Walter Student Commons Area is the Student Services & Fine Arts Center. The ground floor anchors the north end of the atrium, and houses a new kitchen, sponsored by Donatos Pizza, and restrooms. The second floor houses offices for the guidance and counseling programs, campus ministry, and the school nurse. On the third floor is an extensive art room and gallery, with a kiln and mud rooms; and a music and choir room, with instrument storage and practice rooms; as well as offices for the respective instructors. The second and third floor connect to the original building at its rear stairwell, and to the Robert C. Walter Student Commons Area by a staircase.
On November 1, 2018, Saint Charles announced the beginning of funding to its latest addition to main campus. The addition, once funded $20 million, will take the place of the current gymnasium and multi-purpose room and add additional classrooms, laboratories, and a new gymnasium. It is also planned that a hallway will connect the new addition to the main building. This new expansion will be on the current baseball field, and it is expected that Saint Charles will purchase a portion of a nearby park for use to build a new baseball diamond. On November 4, 2021, the school broke ground for its 11.5 million dollar Convocation Center named after its alumni Frank E. Murphy (who graduated in 1954).
West Campus
For the first time in its 89-year history, the school expanded its current Broad Street campus footprint. The centerpiece of this project is the newly purchased property which formerly housed the Dealers Lumber Company and came up for sale in the summer of 2010. St. Charles moved quickly to acquire the 6.2-acre site and closed on the purchase in December. The Robert D. Walter West Campus includes the Savko Athletic Complex, comprising a six-lane running track, the artificial-turf Dominic and Kathleen Cavello Field and parking; a 13,000-square-foot training and fitness facility (weight room and 30 yard turf fields for speed and agility); and the Horvath Parking Lot. A pedestrian bridge that spans Alum Creek helps connect it with the main campus at 2010 E. Broad St. The full project, paid for through fundraisers, private donations and in-kind gifts, cost about $5.1 million.
In 2018, Saint Charles unveiled the new Robotics and Mentoring Center (even further west from Main Campus than West Campus, thus gaining the colloquial "West West Campus" or "West-er Campus"). The new center costs $2 million and is 14,000-square-feet. Along with being able to support the Robotics Team and My Brother's Keeper (MBK) mentoring programs, the new building has a recreational area for indoor sports, including an indoor basketball court and a state-of-the-art golf simulator. The new Mentoring Center is connected to West Campus via a sidewalk along Long Street.
Academics
St. Charles graduation requirements include: 4 years of religion class, English, foreign language, mathematics, and science; 3 years of social studies; and 1 year of fine arts, health, physical education. Some of the AP classes that are offered to juniors and seniors are AP Latin, Biology, Physics, Chemistry, English, Calculus, US and World History. For the 2019–2020 year, Saint Charles will add Computer Science Principles and Government.
Saint Charles requires students to take one year of Latin, a practice retained from the school's past, when four years of Latin were mandatory.
In 2005, the State of Ohio implemented the new Ohio Graduation Test (OGT) and Saint Charles Preparatory was one of three schools in Central Ohio to have every sophomore pass every section. (The statewide public school pass rate was 64%.) St. Charles kept this 100% passage rate until its cancellation in 2015.
Saint Charles has a history of a large number of students in the National Merit Scholarship Program. Since the Class of 1993, Saint Charles has had over 3000 graduates , with over 10% (335) becoming Commended Scholars, 215 of which became National Merit Semifinalists.
For the 2020-2021 school year, St. Charles decided to have all in-person classes since they had the ability to spread students out throughout their campus to meet 6 feet social distancing guidelines during the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2020, St. Charles was approved for PPP loans ranging from $350,000 - $1,000,000.
Theatre
Since St. Charles is an all-male school, the theatre department has had to use different methods to incorporate the female roles of plays and musicals. Both prep school and seminary students performed the first plays at St. Charles in 1929 under the direction of Monsignor Joseph A. Cousins. Female roles were played by male students dressing up as women until 1971. It was then that Mrs. Teresa McLean (the school's biology teacher) became the first woman to perform in a St. Charles play. The next year, female students from St. Joseph Academy and Bishop Watterson High School played female parts in a production. Ever since then, female roles for plays have been filled by open auditions from women at other Central Ohio schools. The current theater director is Mr. R. Douglas Montgomery.
Notable alumni
Robert D. Walter: Founder of Cardinal Health, a Fortune 500 health care services company
Bob Duffy (basketball, born 1922): Basketball player
Robert Nugent Lynch: Bishop of St. Petersburg, Florida from 1996 to 2016
Matt Lampson: MLS Goalkeeper for the Columbus Crew SC
Aaron Diehl: Jazz pianist
Nick Muszynski: NCAA basketball player for Belmont Bruins
List of principals and rectors
Athletics
Saint Charles is a member of the Ohio High School Athletic Association and Ohio Water Polo. The list as follows:
Ohio State Championships
Golf (Div I, 2)- 2009, 2010
Soccer (A-AA, 2)- 1983, 1985
Swimming (Div I, 1)- 2008
Volleyball (non-OHSAA, 2)- 2009, 2018
Water Polo (non-OHSAA, 7)- 2010, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2018, 2019, Spring 2021
The usual Fall 2020 water polo season was postponed to the spring of 2021 due to the Coronavirus pandemic; as such, the 2018, 2019, and Spring 2021 State Championships constitute a three-peat.
Borromean Lecture Series
The Borromean Lecture Series is an annual occurrence at Saint Charles, usually during the autumn semester, and is sponsored by Robert Dilenschneider, CEO of The Dilenschneider Group. It is named after the Borromeo family of which Saint Charles was a part of. The speakers are the elite in their field and are listed below:
See also
List of high schools in Ohio
References
Fabro, Louis V. Saint Charles Borromeo Preparatory School: The First 75 Years of Excellence. United States: n.p., 2000.
"$5.5 Million Campus Construction Project Underway for the Robert C. Walter Student Commons and the Student Services and Fine Arts Center." Saint Charles Preparatory School, 2006. http://www.stcharlesprep.org/expansion/index.php
External links
St. Charles Prep Official Website
Diocese of Columbus Education Website
St. Charles Prep Swimming and Water Polo
St. Charles Soccer
Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus
Educational institutions established in 1923
High schools in Franklin County, Ohio
Catholic secondary schools in Ohio
Boys' schools in Ohio
1923 establishments in Ohio
Charles Borromeo
(German)
Vukašin Mandić (born June 7, 1982, in Vršac) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Near East University B.C. of the Cyprus Basketball Division 1.
Honors
Club honors
Serbian Cup - champion (2005) with FMP
References
External links
at kumanovonews.com
at realgm.com
at kkfmp.rs
at b92.net
1982 births
Living people
APOEL B.C. players
AEK B.C. players
KK Borac Čačak players
KK FMP (1991–2011) players
KK Crvena zvezda players
KK Radnički KG 06 players
People from Vršac
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Greece
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Israel
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Romania
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Slovenia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Sweden
Serbian expatriate basketball people in North Macedonia
Serbian men's basketball players
Forwards (basketball)
The Courage C34 was a sports car prototype, designed, developed and built by French manufacturer Courage in 1995. It famously contested the 1995 24 Hours of Le Mans, where it managed to finish 2nd overall in its class.
Development history
The Courage C34 was developed in 1995 by Courage Compétition headed by Yves Courage with the intention of winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Like the previous models, the Courage C30 and the Courage C32, the C34 was largely based on Porsche technology. The proven 6-cylinder turbo engine from the German sports car manufacturer was also used again in the C34. In 1995, the C34, alongside the Kremer K8 Spyder, was the second of four entrants in the large prototype class to have a realistic chance of overall victory.
Racing history
Éric Hélary, Bob Wollek, and Mario Andretti were committed as drivers. Courage narrowly missed out on overall victory in 1995. The C-34 team started the race from pole position, which was characterized by heavy rain for the first few hours. In this phase, however, the powerful prototype was inferior to the GT racing cars, which transferred their performance better to the road on the wet track. When the racetrack dried out on Sunday morning, the team was able to almost make up the deficit they had suffered in the rain and finished second overall, just one lap behind the McLaren F1 GTR team Lehto / Dalmas / Sekiya.
References
Le Mans Prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Porsche vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-engined cars
Sports prototypes
Cars introduced in 1995
Cars of France
Cars powered by boxer engines
Letitia Cross (1681/1682 – 4 April 1737) was a British singer and actor. She appeared at the Drury Lane Theatre and was the mistress of Peter the Great when he visited England.
Life
Cross was born in Surrey and it has been suggested that this was 1681 or 1682 based on later information she volunteered. She was brought up in the theatre by her mother and her grandparents may have been Leonard and Ann Cross. She was baptised in Dorking.
In 1694 whilst still a child she was a member of the Drury Lane/Dorset Garden theatre company in London. At that time it was the only theatre company but a group left which included Thomas Betterton. She sang songs by Henry Purcell whilst he was still alive as well as appearing in his unfinished opera The Indian Queen after his death. She sang in The Mock Marriage, The Rival Sisters and a version of The Tempest by John Dryden.
She sang in various other productions and in 1696 she appeared as herself in a satire and later in that year she was in The Relapse by John Vanbrugh.
In 1697 and 1698 Peter the Great embarked on his Grand Embassy. He visited London and Cross became his mistress. She was paid £500 as "a present" although she expected more. The Czar replied that he thought her overpaid. Later that same year she went to France with a "certain baronet".
In 1705 Thomas Clayton opened Arsinoe which was said to be the first English Opera designed "in the Italian style". Cross who had only recently returned to Drury Lane was amongst its principal players. The following month she was in Florimel and The Tender Husband in April. In 1706 she married Peter Weir but he was soon killed in Flanders. Cross created new roles such as Miranda in Susanna Centlivre's successful comedy play The Busy Body in 1709 which ran for 13 nights. The following year the Drury Lane Theatre became, after much disagreement, subject to new management by Robert Wilks, Colley Cibber and Thomas Doggett and they refused to honour a five-year contract she had signed the year before with the previous management. The management had to change their minds when 73 of her admirers signed a petition in her support. She was accused of orchestrating the scheme but she denied any complicity.
Cross had a benefit in 1732 where she returned to the stage for one night. She died at her home in Leicester Fields in London on 4 April 1737 leaving shares in the Lincoln's Inn Fields theatre and several mourning rings. There was a painting of her by Sir Godfrey Kneller as St Catherine in the 1690s and a matching print by John Smith.
References
1680s births
1737 deaths
Actresses from London
Actresses from Surrey
17th-century English actresses
18th-century British actresses
British stage actresses
18th-century British women singers
Singers from London
Musicians from Surrey
18th-century English women
Mistresses of Peter the Great
The Uttarakhand Chardham Devasthanam Management Act, 2019 was enacted by the Government of Uttarakhand in December 2019. It aims at bringing the Chota Char Dham of Badrinath, Kedarnath, Gangotri, Yamunotri and 49 other temples under the purview of a proposed shrine board.
Description
As per the act, the shrine board is the highest governing body for the management of the temples with power to frame policies, make decisions to give effect to the provisions of this act, of budget formulation and to sanction expenditure among others. The board may also give instructions for the safe custody, prevention and management of funds, valuable securities, jewellery and properties vested in the temples. The board was also supposed to provide integrated, advanced and smooth services to the devotees. Earlier before the Chota Char Dham was governed by Shri Badrinath-Kedarnath Mandir Samiti which was chaired by a state government appointed person.
Criticism
The Act was widely criticized by the local Hindu priests and Vishwa Hindu Parishad Leaders who were against the formation of any board and want that the Hindu temples must be governed by the Hindu society, not the government. Hindu saints and VHP leaders also protested several times against the act. In July 2020, a Public Interest Litigation was filed by Rajya Sabha MP Subramanian Swamy challenging the constitution validity of the Uttarakhand Chardham Devasthanam Management Act, 2019 and asking to seek a direction striking down the act which was dismissed by the Uttarakhand High Court.
Repeal of Uttarakhand Devasthanam Management Act, 2019
In July 2021 Pushkar Singh Dhami led BJP government announced the formation of High power committee to review the Uttarakhand Chardham Devasthanam Management Act, 2019 accepting the requests of priests and VHP leaders. On November 30, 2021 the Uttarakhand government announced the repeal of the act following the report of the High power committee. Politically the withdrawal of act was also seen as a "political stunt" by the BJP government ahead of the 2022 assembly elections.
References
2019 in Indian law
Law about religion in India
Uttarakhand
The women's national football team in Sudan is supported by the Sudan Football Association. The team first qualified for the 2021 Arab Women's Cup, organized by the Union of Arab Football Associations (UAFA) in Cairo, Egypt.
Women were not allowed to officially participate in sports such as football, until the Sudanese revolution of 2018–19 abolished the former restrictive public order laws. In September 2019, a women's league with 21 teams from different cities in Sudan was established, with Wala'a Essam al-Boushi, the Sudanese Minister of Youth and Sport, saying the transitional government will "make women's sports one of the pillars of the country's development."
History
Background
The Sudan Football Association, which was founded in 1946, and became FIFA affiliated in 1948, was one of the founding members of the Confederation of African Football (CAF), and continues to be a member of the Confederation.
According to a 2011 study of the relationship between religious fundamentalism and globalized societies, the fact that some Sudanese women already had started playing football since the early 2000s despite social and legal restrictions was considered a critical step for the development of an unofficial women's league. As part of this informal league, a first national women's team called The Challenge was created in 2006 in Khartoum. In 2006, The Challenge played its first competitive match. It was captained by Sara Edward and played against a team from Sudan University that wore clothes corresponding to Islamic norms. As reported, the quality of play was not high and the game ended in a 2–0 win for The Challenge team.
In response to a question from FIFA regarding the feasibility of creating a women's national team in 2012, the Islamic Fiqh Council issued another fatwa against the creation of a women's soccer team, deeming it an immoral act. The fatwa claimed that football was a men's sport and women should not participate in it, because it challenges the differences between men and women.
Recognition
Following the establishment of a women's league in 2019 with 21 teams from different cities under the new transitional government, the Sudan Football Association recognized and started to support women's local and national teams. At the start of 2021, Sudan's women's national team continued to lack FIFA recognition. By August of that year, however, it had been recognized by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) and was invited to participate in the 2021 Arab Women's Cup.
Since its official recognition in 2019, Sudan joined other countries in the Arab and African regions to have a women's league. Due to its membership in the Union of Arab Football Associations (UAFA), the national team's first international competition was in 2021, when they played in the Arab Women's Cup.
In popular media
The 2019 award-winning documentary Khartoum Offside by Sudanese filmmaker Marwa Zein tells the story of the women who made up The Challenge team under the Islamist government of the time.
Participation in international games
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Source: Goalzz.com
Legend
2021
2022
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Faroug Jabra (2021–2022)
Imed Houjly (2022–present)
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the friendly match against South Sudan in February 2022.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to the squad in the past 12 months.
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury.
PRE Preliminary squad.
SUS Player is serving a suspension.
WD Player withdrew for personal reasons.
Records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 26 August 2021.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
CECAFA Women's Championship
Arab Women's Cup
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Sudan national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of 22 February 2022 after match against South Sudan.
Key
See also
Sport in Sudan
Football in Sudan
Women's football in Sudan
Sudan men's national football team
Women's association football
Notes
References
External links
Sudan's fearless female footballers – short video by Deutsche Welle
Sudan women's national football team
African women's national association football teams
Sport in Sudan by sport
Women's football in Sudan
Imanol Ortiz Amuriza (Bilbao,1960- Havana, 2011) was a Spanish musician and producer based in Cuba. He was considered a reference figure of the so-called Latin-jazz movement. Percussionist by profession, leader of the musical group "Somos Amigos", he developed an important activity in the organization and production of different musical events in Cuba and Spain, always in relation to Cuban music. He was nominated several times for the Grammy Awards and was awarded the "Concha de Plata" at San Sebastian Jazz Festival.
Biography
Imanol Ortiz Amuriza was born in Bilbao, in the Basque Country, Spain on June 15, 1960. He studied music at the jazz school in Barcelona and percussion and drums in Havana (Cuba) where he graduated, in 1994, at the PERCUBA institution in Havana. In 1984 he completed his training as percussionist in Venezuela and Colombia studying Latin rhythms. From 1991 to 1993 he studied with Tata Güines and Changuito in Cuba.
He dedicated himself to percussion instruments playing tumbadoras, bongoes, timbales and minor percussion. He began his career as a musician in 1981, playing with the group "Dutch funky" in Amsterdam. He made several recordings and works with the English "Hondo" (a reggae music group) in 1983.
In 1985 he arrived in Havana and started working with the Tropicana Club percussion corps. Shortly after, he founded in Bilbao, the Latin-jazz sextet Sabana, who won the first prize at the San Sebastian Jazz Festival in 1987.
He worked with the salsa and Latin-jazz orchestra "Experimental" de San Juan de Puerto Rico and collaborated with Omar Cuevas and Jesús García (Chunguito) in Barcelona.
In 1990 he did different works and collaborations in the "Ciudad Condal" (he worked with guitarist Jordi Bonell and drummer Andreu Simón in different formations and with Gato Pérez and Jordi Bonell among others). He won the 2nd prize at the Guecho Jazz Festival with his group Sabana.
In 1992 he created the group "Azúcar" in Havana, receiving a special mention at the "Bananas" festival in Ecuador and a remarkable success in Mexico.
In 1995 he founded the instrumental sextet "Somos amigos" (We are friends) and recorded in 1996 the album Da Cappo. He participated as percussionist in the flamenco album Undebel by Diego el Cigala, published in 1998.
In 1999 he recorded the second album of "Somos amigos" titled Pa' Gozar and in 2001 he recorded the third album titled Somos Amigos in the ICAIC studios in Havana, an album that was very well received in the U.S. and Europe. With "Somos Amigos" he recorded, between 2001 and 2004, the albums Buscando el Rumbo, La Galea and Imaginate Cuba. In 2005 he was nominated for a Grammy for the song "Aquellas Pequeñas Cosas" which is included in the album Cuba le Canta a Serrat, project produced by Ortiz, as well as the tribute to Joaquín Sabina, La Habana le canta a Sabina. On the album, Pablo Milanés performs 'Canción para la Magdalena'; his daughter Haydée Milanés, 'Que se llama Soledad'; while troubadour Carlos Varela sings 'Tan Joven y Tan Viejo'. Also Amaury Pérez ('A la sombra de un león'), the duo Buena Fe ('La canción más hermosa del mundo'), Carlos Kalunga ('Quién me ha robado el mes de abril'), Jessica Rodríguez ('Contigo') and Ivette Cepeda ('Como un dolor de muelas'). Also performing were Pancho Amat & El Cabildo del Son and pianist Frank Fernández ('A la sombra de un león').
In 2007 Pio Leyva's group "Sonsoneando" joined the band "Somos amigos" and made several international tours.
In 2007 he was the promoter of "Vive Cuba", a multidisciplinary project that integrated 26 renowned Cuban artists to pay tribute to Compay Segundo, the legendary member of "Buena Vista Social Club". The international tour of Vive Cuba show reached Spain, England, Germany and Holland and Latin American countries such as Colombia, Mexico, Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic. Compay Segundo's own group, led by his sons Salvador and Basilio, the painter Eduardo Roca 'Choco', and actor Jorge Perugorría, among others, took part in the show. August 19, 2011 he died in Havana.
Discography of "Somos amigos"
Da Cappo. 1996.
Pa' Gozar. 1999.
Somos Amigos. 2001, Discográfica Envidia
Buscando el Rumbo. 2003, Discográfica Discmeri
La Galea. 2003, Discográfica Discmeri
Imagínate Cuba. 2003, Discográfica Discmeri
Cuba le canta a Serrat. 2005, Discográfica Discmeri
References
External links
Web Somos Amigos
Imanol Ortiz and his group "Somos Amigos" "A Spaniard in the court of the kingdom of percussion".
1960 births
2011 deaths
Spanish emigrants to Cuba
People from Bilbao
20th-century Cuban musicians
21st-century Cuban musicians
Cuban jazz musicians
20th-century Spanish musicians
21st-century Spanish musicians
Spanish jazz musicians
Frantic City is the second studio album by Teenage Head. It was released in 1980. The album was certified Platinum in Canada in 1983.
Track listing
Personnel
Teenage Head
Frankie Venom (Kerr) - vocals
Gordon Lewis - guitar
Steve Mahon - bass
Nick Stipanitz - drums, vocals, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Ricky Morrison - saxophone
Grant Slater - piano
Production
Stacy Heydon - producer
Greg Roberts - engineer
Dean Motter - design
Chart positions
Singles
References
External links
"Frantic City: Teenage Head" at Allmusic. Retrieved 24 June 2011.
1980 albums
Teenage Head (band) albums
The European Privacy Association (EPA) is a Brussels-based lobbying group, founded in 2009. Its stated goal is "to enhance data protection and Internet freedom as fundamental principles of democracy."
, Karin Riis-Jørgensen is chairwoman of the EPA. Former EP member Pat Cox is among its founders.
EU lobbying watchdog Corporate Europe Observatory (CEO) has asserted that EPA "is working to represent industry interests in the debate on data protection in Europe" and "to promote industry-friendly legislation" as a front group for the IT industry. It has been called an example of an astroturfing organisation that "disguises as an independent thinktank". EPA's Policy and Scientific Committee director, Paolo Balboni, has denied the astroturfing allegation in a letter to the editor of the Financial Times.
In 2013, CEO filed a complaint against EPA because the association had not listed any corporate sponsors in the EU Transparency Register, claiming that it had only ten natural persons as members; EPA then admitted that Microsoft, Google and Yahoo are among its members.
According to EPA, the Transparency Register closed the case in June 2013.
The organisation changed its status in the Transparency Register from "Think-tank" to the "Trade, business & professional associations", because a think-tank is not allowed to have corporate members.
Research
EPA members have published a number of scientific papers in international law journals.
Privacy by Design & Anonymisation Techniques in Action: Case Study of Ma3tch Technology
Balboni, P. & Macenaite, M. (2013) Privacy by design and anonymisation techniques in action: case study of Ma3tch technology, Computer Law & Security Review: The International Journal of Technology Law and Practice 29 (2013), pp. 330–340.
Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs) Activities in the Cloud Environment: A European Legal Perspective. Balboni, P., & Pelino, E. (2013). Law enforcement agencies' activities in the cloud environment: a European legal perspective. Information & Communications Technology Law, 22(2), 165-‐190. doi: 10.1080/13600834.2013.821812
Legitimate Interest of the Data Controller New Data Protection Paradigm
Legitimacy Grounded on Appropriate Protection* Paolo Balboni; Daniel Cooper; Rosario Imperiali; Milda Macenaite. International Data Privacy Law 2013; doi: 10.1093/idpl/ipt019
See also
DCI Group
European Digital Rights
References
Cross-European advocacy groups
Information technology organizations based in Europe
Yong He may refer to:
Yonghe (disambiguation)
He Yong (disambiguation) — a list of Chinese people with the surname of "He"
Ellen Dolan (born October 16, 1955 in Monticello, Iowa, USA) is an American actress.
Early life and career
Dolan earned her B.A. and M.F.A. degrees in theater from the University of Iowa in Iowa City. While working toward her bachelor's degree, she spent a summer studying dramatic arts at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
Dolan is best known for two daytime soap opera roles. She originated the role of Maureen Reardon Bauer on Guiding Light, and played the role from 1982 to 1986. She replaced Hillary Bailey Smith in late 1989 as Margo Hughes on As the World Turns. Dolan played Margo until 1993, when she moved to California to pursue nighttime television work.
Dolan returned to As the World Turns in 1994 and played Margo until the show ended in 2010.
In 1992, she was nominated for a Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress.
Her additional television credits include the made-for-television movies Mother's Day, Mothers, Daughters and Lovers with Helen Shaver and Claude Akins, and Dancing with Danger, with Cheryl Ladd and Ed Marinaro.
Theatre
Her stage career began in 1980 at the Milwaukee Repertory Theater with roles such as Katrin in Mother Courage. Her subsequent roles in numerous regional productions have included Maggie in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof at the Virginia Stage Company, Mary in How the Other Half Loves at the Pennsylvania Stage Company, and Clelia in The Nerd at the Capitol Repertory in Albany, NY. She also started a theater company in New York called The Studio Three Group. She joined a repertory group called the WorkShop Theater Company in 2004 and has had leading roles in several mainstage productions there.
Personal life
Dolan and businessman Doug Jeffrey had their first child, a daughter, Angela Emmett Jeffrey (born 2000).
After ATWT ended, Dolan and Jeffrey sold their New York City home, the sale of which was featured as a story on the reality TV program Selling New York.
See also
Tom Hughes and Margo Montgomery
Supercouple
External links
SoapCentral page
References
1955 births
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
People from Monticello, Iowa
University of Iowa alumni
Alumni of the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art
Living people
21st-century American women
Tyrfingur Tyrfingsson (born 1987) is an Icelandic playwright, author and director. He was educated at The Iceland Academy of the Arts until 2011, the Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts, and Goldsmiths University of London from 2011-2012. He was one of ten people to receive the Outstanding Young Icelanders award in 2016.
Works
Bláskjár/Blue Eyes
The Commercial of the Year
Harold Pinters Silence at Reykjavik Art Festival in 2015.
Bláskjá for which he was awarded Grímuverðlaun.
Kartöfluæturnar
He has been awarded and nominated in a number of categories for Grima – awards for Performing Arts in Iceland.
References
External links
Biography
Kvennabladid reviews
Leikhusin news
1987 births
Living people
Icelandic dramatists and playwrights
Icelandic directors
Alumni of Goldsmiths, University of London
21st-century Icelandic writers
Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts alumni
The Chordettes were an American female vocal quartet, specializing in traditional pop music. They are best known for their 1950s hit songs "Mr. Sandman" and "Lollipop".
Career
The group organized in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, in 1946. The original members of the group were Janet Ertel (née Buschmann; September 21, 1913 – November 22, 1988), Alice Mae Buschmann Spielvogel, Dorothy "Dottie" (Hummitzsch) Schwartz, and Jinny Osborn/Lockard (April 25, 1927 – May 19, 2003). Alice Spielvogel was replaced by Carol Buschmann, her sister-in-law, in 1947. In 1952, Lynn Evans (née Hargate; May 2, 1924 – February 6, 2020) replaced Schwartz, as Evans described in a 2015 interview. And in 1953, Margie Needham replaced Osborn (who was having a baby), though Osborn later returned to the group. Nancy Overton joined the group for live performances in 1957 after Janet Ertel, who was more than a decade older than the other members of the group, decided to retire from touring, although Ertel continued to perform on recorded material. Originally they sang folk music in the style of The Weavers, but eventually changed to a harmonizing style of the type known as barbershop harmony or close harmony. Part of this change seems to be influenced by Osborn's father.
Jinny Osborn was born in Seattle, Washington. She was born Virginia Cole, the daughter of O. H. "King" Cole, who was president (1948-1949) of the Barbershop Harmony Society (then known as SPEBSQSA), and Katherine Flack.
After performing locally in Sheboygan, they won on Arthur Godfrey's radio program Talent Scouts in 1949. They held feature status on Godfrey's daily program, and in 1950 cut their first LP, a collection of standards titled Harmony Time for Columbia Records. Three more LPs followed.
In 1953, Godfrey's music director and orchestra leader, Archie Bleyer, founded Cadence Records. He signed a number of Godfrey regulars and former regulars, including the Chordettes, who had a number of hit records for Cadence.
Beginning in January 1954, the group sang on the Robert Q. Lewis Show, a weekday afternoon program on CBS-TV.
The Chordettes had released a couple of singles with Arthur Godfrey on Columbia in 1950-51 but didn't cut a solo single until their breakout hit Mr. Sandman, released in late 1954 and which went on to become a #1 1955 hit. Archie Bleyer himself is on that record along with the group; Bleyer stripped down the sound to highlight the girls' voices. They also hit #2 with 1958's "Lollipop" and also charted with a vocal version of the themes from Disney's Zorro (U.S. #17) (1958) and the film Never on Sunday (U.S. #13) (1961). Other hits for the group included "Eddie My Love" (U.S. #14) (a cover of a song by doo-wop group The Teen Queens), "Born to Be With You" (U.S. #5), "Lay Down Your Arms" in 1956, and "Just Between You and Me" (U.S. #8) in 1957. Their cover of "The White Rose Of Athens" hit the Australian Top 15 in May, 1962. The US single "In The Deep Blue Sea" was a one-week Music Vendor entry four months later (#128).
Janet Ertel married Bleyer in 1954. Her daughter Jackie married another Cadence recording star, Phil Everly of The Everly Brothers.
The Chordettes appeared on American Bandstand on August 5, 1957, the first episode of that show to be broadcast nationally on the ABC Television Network. The Chordettes also appeared on American Bandstand on February 22, 1958, and again on April 26, 1958.
In 1961, Jinny Osborn again left the group. Unable to find a satisfactory replacement, the group disbanded in 1963.
Recent events
The group was inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 2001.
The longest living member of the Chordettes who has sung on all the group's recordings, on both Columbia and Cadence recordings, is Carol Buschmann. Lynn Evans Mand sang on all the Chordettes' Cadence Recordings. In 2004, Mand appeared on a PBS television special Magic Moments: The Best of 50s Pop, with other 1950s pop icons, singing "Lollipop". Margie Needham Latzko and Carol Buschmann are the only surviving singers who recorded both "Mr. Sandman" and “Lollipop”.
Deaths
Alice Mae Buschmann Spielvogel died in 1981 and is buried at Little Rock National Cemetery.
Janet Ertel Bleyer died on November 22, 1988, at the age of 75.
Jinny Osborn (later known as Jinny Janis) died in 2003.
Nancy Overton died on April 5, 2009, after a long battle with esophageal cancer.
Dorothy "Dottie" (Hummitzsch) Schwartz died on April 4, 2016.
Lynn Evans Mand died on February 6, 2020, at the age of 95.
Discography
Singles
Albums
Harmony Time (1950)
Harmony Time Volume II (1951)
Harmony Encores (1952)
The Chordettes Sing Your Requests (1953)
The Chordettes (1955)
Listen (1955)
Close Harmony (1955)
The Chordettes (1957) CLP 3001
Drifting and Dreaming (1959)
Never On Sunday (1959)
Never On Sunday (1962)
See also
List of vocal groups
List of artists who reached number one in the United States
List of acts who appeared on American Bandstand
Notes
References
External links
Picture and names of The Chordettes
'The Chordettes' Vocal Group Hall of Fame Page
The Chordettes' page on the Primarily A Cappella site
Chordette Lynn Evans harmonizes in classroom while a teacher
The Chordettes : Official Covers Discography
Chordettes sing "Lollipop" and "Mr. Sandman" on the Saturday Night Beech-Nut Show, February 22, 1958
Carol Buschmann Interview NAMM Oral History Library (2010)
Dorothy Schwartz Interview NAMM Oral History Library (2010)
Chordettes collection of musical arrangements, 1938-1995 at the Library of Congress
Apex Records artists
Cadence Records artists
Vocal quartets
Barbershop quartets
Doo-wop musicians
Traditional pop music singers
American pop music groups
American girl groups
Sheboygan, Wisconsin
Musical groups from Wisconsin
Musical groups established in 1946
Musical groups disestablished in 1961
Pieter van Royen (1923-2002) was a Dutch botanist. He is an author of many papers on the flora of New Guinea.
Life
Pieter van Royen was born in Lahat, South Sumatra in Dutch East Indies. In 1933, he moved with his family from the Dutch East Indies to the Netherlands. He obtained his doctorate at the University of Utrecht in 1951 with the first volume of a monograph on the Podostemaceae of the Neotropics, the second and third volumes of which he presented in 1953 and 1954, respectively.
From 1951 to 1962, he worked at the Rijksherbarium in Leiden, from 1954 to 1955 he undertook his first botanical exploration in New Guinea. From 1962 to 1965, he was employed at the Lae Botanical Garden there and from 1964 to 1965 at the Queensland Herbarium in Brisbane, Australia.
In May 1967, he became a curator at the BP Bishop Museum Herbarium in Honolulu, Hawaii; he held this position until his retirement in 1983. During this time he devoted himself continuously to further research into the flora of New Guinea.
With his work, Van Royen has significantly enhanced knowledge of the New Guinea flora. His monograph on the Podostemonaceae is a fundamental standard work up to the present day; the American botanist C. Thomas Philbrick wrote about it: “Much of our current knowledge of the taxonomy of the New World Podostemaceae is based in large part on the work of Dr. P. van Royen."
Honors
The genus Van-royena from the family of Sapotaceae was named in 1964 by van Royen. The generic name Vanroyenella from the Podostemaceae family also honored P. van Royen. It is now classed as a synonym of Marathrum
Works (selection)
The Podostemaceae of the New World, Vol. I, in: Meded. Bot. Mus. Herb. Rijks Univ. Utrecht, 107: 1–151, 1951
The Podostemaceae of the New World, Vol. II, in: Acta Bot. Neerl. 2 (1): 1-21, 1953
The Podostemaceae of the New World, Vol. III, in: Acta Bot. Neerl. 3: 215–263,1954
The genus Rubus [Rosaceae] in New Guinea, Vaduz, Cramer, 1969
P. van Royen & PR Reitz, Podostemáceas, in: PR Reitz. (Ed.). Flora Illustrada Catarinense, 1a (5): 2-36, 1971
Sertulum Papuanum 17. Corsiaceae of New Guinea and surrounding areas, in: Webbia 27: pp. 223–255, 1972
The alpine flora of New Guinea, Vaduz, 1979,
Genus Corybas (Orchidaceae in Its Eastern Areas), 1984,
References
1923 births
2002 deaths
Dutch botanists
Dutch people of the Dutch East Indies
Dutch expatriates in Papua New Guinea
Dutch expatriates in the United States
Dutch expatriates in Australia
Syodon is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsids that lived approximately 267-260 million years ago during the middle Permian period of the Paleozoic era. These therapsids, located in Russia were initially believed to be true mammals. Syodon was first named by Stephan Kutorga in 1838. The fossils of these synapsids were first discovered in the Molotov Province region of Russia in limestone beds with a high content of copper. However, scientists believe that these organisms likely come from higher rock beds due to increased specializations in their morphology.
Etymology
The name Syodon is derived from Greek meaning pig's tooth. This name likely stemmed from the protruding canines similar to that of the lower canines of a wild boar.
Diet
Syodon is characterized as a carnivore, likely feeding on small-bodied prey. They lack the ‘expansion of supraorbital bones over the orbits, which would act as a stress sink' in certain hypercarniverous species such as thalattosuchian Dakosaurus. This thickened supraorbital regions also found in large theropods would have alleviated cranial stress used for feeding on large prey. Since this adaption is not found in Syodon it is thought they were limited to small animals and prey which they could easily consume with their limited jaw architecture.
Paleobiology
Syodon is characterized by possessing "bulbous" post-canines featuring significant wear facets in adults, whereas juveniles tend to have ‘bladelike' post canines. The canine of Syodon is highly distinctive and allows it to be distinguished easily. They also possess a large, strongly curved ‘hook-like canine. Syodon also feature a set of smaller, replacement teeth out-of-place from the main palatine tooth row.
The snout of Syodon is relatively long narrow compared to the rest of the body. The snout comprises approximately 1/4 the length of the skill. These synapsids reached 1.2 m (4 ft) in length.
See also
List of therapsids
Archaeosyodon
Microsyodon
References
Anteosaurs
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Extinct animals of Russia
Fossil taxa described in 1838
SK Líšeň is a football club located in Brno, Czech Republic. It currently plays in the Czech National Football League, having won promotion from the Moravian–Silesian Football League in 2019.
Historical names
1924 — SK Československý socialista Líšeň
1936 — SK Líšeň
1948 — ZKL Líšeň
1951 — Spartak ZPS Líšeň
1958 — Spartak Líšeň
1990 — SK Líšeň
Players
Current squad
.
Out on loan
References
External links
Official website
SK Líšeň at jihomoravskyfotbal.cz
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Association football clubs established in 1924
Sport in Brno
Papilio albinus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in west Western New Guinea and Papua New Guinea. The species was first described by Alfred Russel Wallace in 1865.
Subspecies
Papilio albinus albinus (West Irian)
Papilio albinus lesches Godman & Salvin, 1880 (New Guinea)
Papilio albinus yapenensis Goode 2012 (Yapen Island, New Guinea)
Papilio albinus yahukimo Goode, 2012 (Papua, Yayawijaya Mountains)
Taxonomy
Papilio albinus is a member of the fuscus species group. The members of this clade are
Papilio albinus Wallace, 1865
Papilio diophantus Grose-Smith, 1883
Papilio fuscus Goeze, 1779
Papilio hipponous C. Felder & R. Felder, 1862
Papilio jordani Fruhstorfer, 1906
Papilio pitmani Elwes & de Nicéville, [1887]
Papilio prexaspes C. Felder & R. Felder, 1865
Papilio sakontala Hewitson, 1864
References
External links
"Papilio albinus Wallace, 1865". Insecta.pro. With images.
albinus
Butterflies of Oceania
Lepidoptera of New Guinea
Lepidoptera of Papua New Guinea
Butterflies described in 1865
Taxa named by Alfred Russel Wallace
Update is a 2004 live album by the Dutch singer Anouk. It contains acoustic versions of many of her then recent songs, including many tracks from her Graduated Fool album.
Track listing
"Who Cares" (Acoustic)
"Everything" (Acoustic)
"Too Long" (Acoustic)
"Searching" (Acoustic)
"Stop Thinking" (Acoustic)
"Wait and See" (Acoustic)
"Margarita Chum" (Acoustic)
"It Wasn't Me" (Live at Oosterpoort)
"Losing My Religion" (Live at Oosterpoort)
"Michel" (Live at Oosterpoort)
"Between These Walls" (Acoustic)
"Hail" (Live at Denk Aan Henk)
"Searching" (Live at Denk Aan Henk)
Anouk (singer) live albums
2004 live albums
David Bodanis is a speaker, business advisor and writer of bestselling nonfiction books, notably E=mc2: A Biography of the World's Most Famous Equation, which was translated into 26 languages. Originally from Chicago, he received an undergraduate education in mathematics, physics and economics at the University of Chicago (AB 1977). He lived in France for ten years from his early twenties and has since been based in London.
Early life and education
Bodanis was born and brought up in Chicago, Illinois, and read mathematics, physics and history at the University of Chicago. In his early twenties he moved to Paris, where he began his career as a foreign correspondent for the International Herald Tribune. A move to the South of France followed, and he then split his time between France and London, combining writing with stints as a science presenter on 1980s ITV show, the Wide Awake Club.
Bodanis moved to the UK full-time in the late 1980s, combining writing with teaching social sciences at St Antony's College, Oxford, consulting for the Royal Dutch Shell Scenario Prediction unit, and speaking engagements including at conferences and Davos.
Works
In 1986, Bodanis had his first commercial authorial success with The Secret House: 24 Hours in the Strange & Wonderful World in Which We Spend Our Nights and Days, which reached no 5 on The New York Times Best Seller list and established him as a popular science writer. This book introduces Bodanis's "microphotography" writing style, in which the author takes a worm's-eye view perspective that allows him to observe many obscure and complex phenomena of everyday life.
In 2001, he published E=mc2: A Biography of the World's Most Famous Equation which was translated into 20 languages, and longlisted for the Samuel Johnson Prize for non-fiction. In 2005, it was made into a documentary for Channel 4, and aired on PBS under the name Einstein's Big Idea. In 2009, E=mc2 was made into a ballet by the Birmingham Royal Ballet, under director David Bintley, and won the South Bank Award for best British Dance of the year.
Electric Universe: How Electricity Switched on the Modern World followed in 2006, and won the Royal Society Prize for Best Science Book of the Year. Bodanis caused some controversy by pledging to donate his prize to the family of the late government scientist, Dr David Kelly.
In 2006, Bodanis published Passionate Minds, the story of a brilliant but forgotten French scientist, Émilie du Châtelet, and her intellectual love affair with Voltaire. Passionate Minds was the BBC's Book of the Week on Radio 4 in June 2006, and featured on the cover of The Economist.
In 2013, Bodanis contributed an essay, "Computer-Generated Fascism" published in John Brockman's Edge Question series, What Should We Be Worried About? Real Scenarios That Keep Scientists Up at Night.
David's Einstein's Greatest Mistake: The Life of a Flawed Genius was published September 2016. His essay appeared at NPR in December 2016.
In November 2020, David published The Art of Fairness: The Power of Decency in a World Turned Mean.
Awards
2006: Electric Universe: How Electricity Switched on the Modern World – winner of Royal Society's Science Book of the Year Prize
2010: Sadlers' Wells Premier of the ballet version of E=mc2 – winner of South Bank Show Award for Best New Dance
Personal life
Bodanis lives in London with his second wife and stepson. He has two children by a previous marriage. A keen kickboxer, he is a regular at Paragon Gym in Shoreditch, London, where he trains with champion kickboxing brothers, John and Stuart Lawson.
Bibliography
Bodanis, David (2020). The Art of Fairness: The Power of Decency in a World Turned Mean.
References
External links
Bodanis's page at Conville and Walsh literary agents
Bodanis's page, JLA speaking agency
Bodanis, David articles for The Guardian
American science writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Chicago
International Herald Tribune people
Brian J. Claar (born July 29, 1959) is an American professional golfer.
Claar was born in Santa Monica, California. He plays college golf at the University of Tampa where he was a two-time All-American. He was inducted into their Athletic Hall of Fame in 1989.
Claar turned professional in 1981. He played on the PGA Tour from 1986 to 1998. He was selected as the PGA Rookie of the Year in 1986. His best finish was a T-2 at the 1991 AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. He then played primarily on the Nationwide Tour from 1999 to 2002. His best finishes on this tour were a pair of T-2s in 2002, a playoff loss at the Hershey Open and T-2 at the Utah Classic.
Outside of the United States, Claar had success on the Asia Golf Circuit. In 1989 he claimed the Order of Merit title having won twice during the season, at the Hong Kong and Thailand opens.
Claar twice finished in the top-10 at a major. At the 1989 U.S. Open, he finished fifth, two shots behind Curtis Strange. At the 1992 PGA Championship, he finished tied for ninth, six shots behind Nick Price.
Claar has also worked as Champions Tour official.
Professional wins (3)
Asia Golf Circuit wins (2)
Other wins (1)
1983 Rhode Island Open
Playoff record
Buy.com Tour playoff record (0–1)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
See also
1985 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1989 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Santa Monica, California
University of Tampa alumni
1959 births
Living people
The Imphal Peace Museum (IPM) (, ) is a World War II museum at the foothills of the Red Hills (Maibam Lokpa Ching) in Manipur, India. It is a living memory of the Battle of Imphal (Anglo-Japanese war) and other World War II battles (March–July 1944) fought in Manipur. It is supported by the non profit grant making Nippon Foundation (TNF), collaborating with the Manipur Tourism Forum and the Government of Manipur. Notably, in a poll conducted by the British National Army Museum, the Battle of Imphal and Kohima was bestowed as Britain's Greatest Battle.
Imphal Peace Museum is the winner of India's Best Design Award in the year 2019.
One of the main attractions to the museum is the display of the Japanese calligraphy of the word "平和" ("Heiwa") () by Shinzo Abe, the prime minister of Japan.
History
The Imphal Peace Museum (IPM) () was founded in the year 2019 on the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Imphal. Former British and Japanese adversaries were present in the inaugural event of the museum. Dominic Asquith, the British High Commissioner to India, and Kenji Hiramatsu, Japanese ambassador to India, attended the opening of the museum.
Imphal Peace Museum interior and exhibitions designs are one of the best works done by International Award-winning designer Suresh Huidrom. In 2019, the Imphal Peace Museum won India's Best Design Award for the creativity and innovative interior design. In 2021, the museum represented India at the Muse Design Awards 2021, New York City. In the event, the museum won Silver in the field of interior design and architecture. In the same year, the museum was nominated finalist at the Society of British Interior Design and International Award 2021 for the Best Interior Design. It also got Honorary Mention at Singapore Interior Design Award 2021, Singapore and the Most Creative Interior Design of the Year 2021 by the Global Architect and Builders Award 2021.
Exhibitions
The Imphal Peace Museum has three sections.
First Section
The first section exhibits a timeline of the Battle of Imphal. The names of the casualties in the war are also shown. The names of the people of Manipur who joined the Indian National Army (INA) are also featured. The displaying war artefacts include artillery shells collected by the local people. There are also photographs of personal notes and the uniform of a Japanese soldier shown.
Second section
The second section shows the scenarios after the World War II in Manipur. It highlights the impact of the war and the process of recovery. Early television sets, photographs and cameras are also displayed.
Third section
The third section displays the art and culture of Manipur. These are shown in the forms of photographs, audiovisual features and still models.
Accolades
See also
INA War Museum
Kakching Garden
Keibul Lamjao National Park - world's only floating national park in Manipur, India
Khonghampat Orchidarium
Loktak Folklore Museum
Manipur State Museum
Manipur Zoological Garden
Phumdi - Floating biomasses in Manipur, India
Sekta Archaeological Living Museum
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary
References
Japanese-Meitei culture
Museums in Manipur
Museums in India
World War II museums
Cimarron Municipal Airport is in Gray County, Kansas, United States, two miles north of Cimarron, which owns it.
Facilities
The airport covers and has two runways: 01/19 is 2,800 x 32 ft (853 x 10 m) asphalt and 11/29 is 2,450 x 50 ft (747 x 15 m) turf.
In the year ending June 13, 2006 the airport had 3,500 general aviation aircraft operations, average 10 per day. Ten aircraft were then based at the airport,
all single-engine.
References
External links
Airports in Kansas
Buildings and structures in Gray County, Kansas
Robert Poole Finch (1724-1803) was an English divine.
Life
Finch was the son of the Rev. Richard Finch. He was born at Greenwich 3 March 1723–4, entered Merchant Taylors' School in 1736, and was admitted a member of Peterhouse, Cambridge, whence he graduated B.A. in 1743, M.A. in 1747 and D.D. in 1772. He was ordained as a deacon in 1744, and appointed a curate at Greenwich in 1748. On becoming a priest he was chosen to be chaplain of Guy's Hospital, a position he held for 37 years. In 1755 he was appointed to the lectureship of St Bartholomew-by-the-Exchange, which he continued to hold to the time of his death.
He was a preacher of some eminence. He published numerous sermons, and, in 1788, a treatise entitled Considerations upon the Use and Abuse of Oaths judicially taken, which passed through many editions and became a standard work among the publications of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. In it he insisted that oaths should be administered with solemnity, condemned common swearing, and advocated the death sentence for the crime of perjury.
In 1771 he was appointed rector of St. Michael's, Cornhill, but resigned in 1784, on becoming rector of St. John the Evangelist, Westminster. Between 1775 and 1802 he was one of the four treasurers of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. In 1781 he was made prebendary of Westminster, and retaining this appointment until his death, 18 May 1803, was buried in the abbey.
References
Attribution
1724 births
1803 deaths
People from Greenwich
18th-century English non-fiction writers
18th-century English male writers
18th-century English Christian theologians
English religious writers
18th-century English Anglican priests
Canons of Westminster
Environmentally Sensitive Lands (ESL) is a land conservation program in Hernando County, Florida funded by a bond measure approved by voters November 8, 1988. The program is set up to run for 30 years and seeks "To build an East-West corridor across the county linking large conservation tracts of the Withlacoochee State Forest" and "develop a North-South Coastal Corridor that will continue into Citrus County and south into northern Pasco County."
See also
Environmentally Endangered Lands Programs
References
External links
Land acquisition nomination form
Hernando County Environmentally Sensitive Lands (ESL) Program
Environment of Florida
Alile Sharon Larkin (born May 6, 1953) is an American film producer, writer and director. She is associated with the L.A. Rebellion (also known as the Los Angeles School of Black Filmmakers), which is said to have "collectively imagined and created a Black cinema against the conventions of Hollywood and Blaxploitation film." Larkin is considered to be part of the second wave (or generation) of these revolutionary black filmmakers, along with Julie Dash and Billy Woodberry. Larkin also co-founded the Black Filmmakers Collective.
Background and education
Larkin was born in Chicago on May 6, 1953. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Humanities in the Creative Writing program at the University of Southern California, graduating in 1975. Larkin was then enrolled as one of the original members of the Ethno-Communications program at UCLA, until it disbanded. Larkin then registered at UCLA's prestigious film school in the Motion Picture/Television Program, graduating with a Master of Fine Arts degree in 1982. In 1991 Larkin graduated with a Master of Education degree from California State University in Los Angeles, and went on to become an educator for the next 25 years.
Career
While at UCLA, Larkin directed two 16mm short films. Her first film The Kitchen (1975), tells the story of a Black woman's mental breakdown, and compares her life in a mental ward to that of someone in prison, looking at the pressures and discrimination she faced that brought about her mental undoing. Her next film, Your Children Come Back to You (1979), explores the issue of the assimilation of African Americans into a larger community. The film confronts issues of economic and social inequality, presenting them from a child's point of view. Your Children were followed by the film for which she is perhaps best known, A Different Image, which she completed in 1982. This film explores the complexities of a platonic relationship between a free-spirited young woman and the young man who is her best friend. A retrospective of her works, including a documentary on the making of "A Different Image," were set to screen on Friday, December 2, 2011, as part of a major film series, "L.A. Rebellion:Creating a New Black Cinema," part of Pacific Standard Time:Art in L.A. 1945–1980.
After graduating from UCLA, Larkin produced a series of projects including the children's story, Dredlocks and the Three Bears (1991), which has been called "an extremely playful and yet undeniably political" animated re-imagining of the story of Goldilocks with a Black female protagonist. Her upcoming project is a children's music DVD called 'Tie Dye', which is currently in production.
Larkin is also a published writer. Her article "Black Women Filmmakers Defining Ourselves: Feminism in Our Own Voice" was published in 1988 in E. Deidre Pribram's Female Spectators: Looking at film and television, which was part of an informal 13-book series called "Questions for Feminism". Her screenplay for A Different Image (1982) was published in 1991 in a book of collected works from six different independent filmmakers, called Screenplays of the African American Experience.
Along with other members of the L.A. Rebellion, Larkin is the subject of an upcoming documentary from director Zeinabu Irene Davis called Spirits of Rebellion: Black Cinema at UCLA.
Cinematic style and influence
Larkin often uses a non-linear narrative style in her films, and her cinematic style has been described as using "collage and abrupt editing, [which] evokes a self-reflexive form that disrupts the spectator's pleasurable and seamless identification with story and protagonist." Larkin has been described as a filmmaker who has "greatly contributed to the advances of black women in the ongoing struggle for representation". She is also considered to be among the most influential African American independent filmmakers, a group that has "committed to developing a film language to respectfully express cultural particularity and Black thought."
Filmography
Awards and recognition
1982: 1st Prize, Black American Cinema Society Award for A Different Image
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Writers from Chicago
African-American film directors
American film directors
Screenwriters from Illinois
L.A. Rebellion
University of Southern California alumni
UCLA Film School alumni
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
Vartan Vahramian (; born 1955) is an Iranian-Armenian composer, artist and painter. He has made musical creations, solo performances as a baritone, and conducted choirs.
Early life
Vartan Vahramian was born in Tabriz in 1955. He is the son of painter Grigor Vahramian Gasparbeg, who graduated from the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture and who was also a skilled sculptor, silversmith and engraver. Gasparbeg was trained under Dmitry Kardovsky (1866–1943) the famous painter and pedagogue. His mother, Marousia Vahramian, was also an artist who, from an early age, was trained in music, and later in painting. It is therefore not surprising that these two arts manifest themselves equally in his work.
On the occasion of his birthday, a brief biography of Vartan Vahramian was published by The Ministry of Art, Town Hall, Tabriz. The article was published on 18 November 2018.
Career
Music
Vartan Vahramian has studied harmony under both Iran's and Armenia's maestros. He has 75 musical compositions. Vartan Vahramian has also been the founder and conductor of "Komitas" church choir since 1980. The Komitas Choir has performed at the St. Thaddeus and St. Stephanos Monasteries every year since 1980.
In 2000–2001, his Requiem, Oratorio, and Mass, to mark the 1700th anniversary of Christianity as the state religion in Armenia, was performed by Yerevan's "Komitas" conservatory choir. In 2006, he was invited to Armenia, where his "Looys Aravoti" was performed at the "One Nation, One Culture" festival to great acclaim. "Looys Aravoti", with words by Vahagn Davtyan and "Jah Haverjakan", with words by Varand, have been composed with great inspiration, emotion and devotion. His Mass in contemporary musical style was performed at the "One Nation, One Culture" in Yerevan in 2010.
In 2006 a short film titled The Lonely Tadeh (about St Taddeus's Monastery in Iran) was directed by Hussein Homayounfar and the music was composed by Vartan Vahramian.
In 2011 a short animated film of St. Stepanos Monastery was made, directed by Reza Shams, for cultural use. The music for this film was composed by Vartan Vahramian. The actual video is on YouTube.
On 13 July 2013, the documentary film Maroosya was premiered in Yerevan, Armenia. It was selected as one of the non-competition documentary films to be shown at The Golden Apricot Armenian Film Festival 2013. The accompanying music for this film is composed by Vartan Vahramian. The film was directed by Navid Mikhak. "Maroosya" was screened in Kazan International Film Festival in September 2014 and at Arpa International Film Festival in November 2014.
On 7 January 2020 a video titled- Tabriz Nostalgia in the Paintings of Maroosya was featured in an online newspaper called Tabriz Emrooz. The music accompanying the 6.05-minute video was composed by Vartan Vahramian.
Vartan Vahramian is an Associate Member of the Guild of International Songwriters and Composers, U.K. He has received an award from Catholicos Garegin I for his cultural work.
He lives in Tabriz, where he teaches music and painting and continues to work on both his music and painting.
Painting
Vartan Vahramian is also a talented painter known for his Surrealistic style. His oil paintings have been exhibited extensively in various galleries in Iran and have received coverage both in Iranian and foreign newspapers and media.
His well-known works include Miracle, Check Mate, Death of Apollo, Eve Facing the Serpent, Profound Devotion, Belated Love, Identity Crisis, Betrayal and Longing.
A novel titled Speaking Cat by Beverley Coghlan was published in February 2015. All the sketches in this book are entirely Vartan Vahramian's creations.
Film
In 2006, Vartan Vahramian starred in the award-winning film Tabriz: Images from the Forgotten World. The film also featured a soundtrack composed by Vahramian and was the winner of the Best Foreign Short Screenplay from the Moondance International Film Festival in July 2006. A 33 minute documentary on the life and work of Vartan Vahramian was released in 2002. The documentary was in Persian and produced in Iran.
See also
List of Armenian artists
List of Armenians
List of Iranian Armenians
References
External links
Tabriz: Images from the Forgotten World
Ethnic Armenian painters
Ethnic Armenian artists
1955 births
Living people
People from Tabriz
Iranian people of Armenian descent
Iranian painters
A loner is a person who does not seek out, or may actively avoid, interaction with other people. There are many potential reasons for their solitude. Intentional reasons include introversion, mysticism, spirituality, religion, or personal considerations. Unintentional reasons involve being highly sensitive or shy. More than one type of loner exists, and those who meet the criteria for being called loners often actually enjoy social interactions with people but display a degree of introversion which leads them to seek out time alone.
Terminology
The modern term loner can be used in the context of the belief that human beings are social creatures and that those who do not participate are deviants. However, being a loner is sometimes depicted culturally as a positive personality trait, as it can be indicative of independence and responsibility. Someone who is a recluse or romantically solitary can be referred to by terms including singleton and nonwedder. Loners are often mistakenly perceived as having a hatred for other people and can face the ramifications of such a perception, such as being viewed as an outcast or misfit.
Overview
There are different types of loners, including individuals who simply prefer solitude and are content to have very limited social interaction. The first type includes individuals that are forced into isolation because they are, or feel as though they are, rejected by society. This individual typically experiences loneliness. A second type of loner includes those who like to be social and have many social interactions, but who can also spend extended periods of time in solitude without experiencing feelings of loneliness. Those who fall into this category are often colloquially referred to as people who "enjoy their own company".
A third type of loner often does not feel lonely when they are alone, at least not in the same way as a social person who found themselves forcibly isolated would. However, these are broad generalizations, and it is not uncommon for loners to experience both of these dimensions at some point. Being a loner can sometimes be indicative of certain mental illnesses, including depression or schizophrenia.
Someone who is within the autism spectrum may have difficulty with social interactions, prefer limited hobbies and routines, and have a resistance to change, which make it more likely for them to be a loner. Being a loner is also sometimes associated with individuals who have unusual handicaps, such as the inability to identify and describe emotions. The characteristics of loners are also sometimes attributed to non-human animals such as the leopard, an animal whose behaviour is usually defined by being solitary.
Possible characteristics
When expressing a desire to be alone, loners may not reject human contact entirely. A common example is that of the person who shuns any social interaction with colleagues beyond what is necessary for fulfilling their work or school responsibilities, mainly for practical reasons such as avoiding the complication of their non-personal life, but who is also highly charismatic during social gatherings with people outside of work or schoolor vice versa. Somebody who can be a loner would also fit the criteria for introversion, possibly due to both their innate personality traits and life experiences.
See also
Alexithymia
Avoidant personality disorder
Autism
Autism spectrum disorder
Asperger syndrome
Byronic hero
Dysfunctional family
Depression
Hedgehog's dilemma
Hermit
Hikikomori
Major depressive disorder
Schizoid personality disorder
Social phobia
Social rejection
Wallflower (people)
Loneliness
References
External links
Article about loners in Psychology Today
Human behavior
Pejorative terms for people
Nakaima (written: 仲井眞 or なかいま in hiragana) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
(born 1939), Japanese businessman and politician
(born 1960), Japanese manga artist
Japanese-language surnames
Higuera de Vargas is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 2,011 and an area of 67.6 km².
References
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
Frank Ernest Schwelb (June 24, 1932August 13, 2014) was a judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia and the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Schwelb was born in Prague, where his father Egon Schwelb was a Jewish human rights lawyer. After the German occupation of Czechoslovakia, Egon Schwelb was arrested by the Gestapo and held for two months. Upon his release, he fled with his family to London, where he was part of the Czechoslovak government-in-exile. The family moved to the United States in 1947 when Egon became deputy director of the human rights division of the new United Nations. Frank was fifteen years old. He graduated from Yale College in 1953 and Harvard Law School in 1958, serving in the United States Army from 1955 to 1957. After law school Schwelb worked at the New York law firm Mudge, Stern, Baldwin & Todd and then, beginning in 1962, at the United States Department of Justice Civil Rights Division. In 1979, Schwelb was nominated and confirmed to be a trial judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. He was elevated to the District of Columbia Court of Appeals in 1988. He took senior status in 2006 and died in 2014.
Schwelb was noted for his distinctive writing style as a judge. The Washington Post once referred to him as "judge laureate of the D.C. Superior Court." He enjoyed flowery turns of phrase and was known to quote Shakespeare or Gilbert and Sullivan in his opinions. In 1980, he was the victim of a robbery and was shot when he refused to turn over his wallet. In his first opinion back on the bench after a two-month recovery, he wrote about the incident and his assailants, who "unsuccessfully attempted a redistribution of the wealth by demanding the Court's wallet" and "left a lead bullet in the Court's abdomen."
References
Sources
1932 births
2014 deaths
20th-century American judges
21st-century American judges
Czech refugees
Harvard Law School alumni
Judges of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Judges of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
People who emigrated to escape Nazism
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
Yale College alumni
The 2013–14 Liga Femenina de Baloncesto was the 51st edition of the Spanish premier women's basketball championship. Regular season started on 12 October 2013 and finished on 29 March. Playoffs began on 5 April with the semifinals, concluding in late April with Finals. Top four teams will play the championship playoffs during April. Twelve teams took part in the regular season.
Rivas Ecópolis won its first title after defeating Perfumerías Avenida 2–0 in the Final of the Championship playoff.
Competition format
The first three qualified teams after the first half of the season and the host one will play the Copa de la Reina. If the host team finishes in the top three, the fourth qualified will join the competition.
After the Regular Season, the top four teams play the play-offs, featuring semi-finals and Finals.
2013–14 season teams
Regular season table
Playoffs
All times are CEST, except for Canary Islands which is WEST.
Semifinals
(1) Perfumerías Avenida vs. (4) Embutidos Pajariel Bembibre
(2) Rivas Ecópolis vs. (3) Gran Canaria 2014
Final
(1) Perfumerías Avenida vs. (2) Rivas Ecópolis
Stats leaders in regular season
Points
Rebounds
Assists
Performance Index Rating
References
External links
Official website
Liga Femenina de Baloncesto seasons
Femenina
Spain
Liga
Taiwanese Language Phonetic Alphabet (), more commonly known by its initials TLPA, is a romanization for the Taiwanese language, Taiwanese Hakka language, and Formosan languages. Based on Pe̍h-ōe-jī and first published in full in 1998, it was intended as a transcription system rather than as a full-fledged orthography.
References
Languages of Taiwan
Romanization of Hokkien
Mark Peter Atkinson (born 27 November 1970) is an Australian former professional cricketer, who played for Western Australia between 1992 and 2001.
Early career
Atkinson was born in Bentley, Western Australia, in 1970. He represented the WAIS Colts and Australian Cricket Academy sides. Atkinson played grade cricket for Perth Cricket Club, winning consecutive Olly Cooley Medals for the best player in the Western Australian Grade Cricket competition in 1995–96 and 1996–97.
Playing career
Western Australia career
Atkinson made his debut for Western Australia in 1992. In total he played 21 first-class matches, taking 54 wickets at an average of 35.61 with the best of 5/92, and 31 List A match, taking 39 wickets at an average of 29.53, with the best of 4/38.
English career
Atkinson also played cricket in England, including two matches for the Surrey Second XI in 1997, taking two wickets, and 24 matches as Church in the Lancashire League as the team's professional in 1994. He was both the team's leading run-scorer and second-highest wicket-taker, scoring 809 runs at an average of 44.94 with the best of 122 not out, and taking 46 wickets at an average of 25.63, with the best of 8/61.
References
External links
1970 births
Australian cricketers
Living people
Cricketers from Perth, Western Australia
Western Australia cricketers
Sportsmen from Western Australia
Pulmonaria mollis is a perennial species of herb. It is very similar to P. angustifolia.
The species is native to various parts of Europe and Asia.
Subspecies
The subspecies for this species include:
Pulmonaria mollis subsp. alpigena W. Sauer
Pulmonaria mollis subsp. mollis Hornem.
Distribution and habitat
It is native to Germany, China, Turkey, Poland, Ukraine, Mongolia, Bulgaria, and Russia. In England it is cultivated for its basal leaves.
It often occurs in low abundance and can be found in deciduous forests, meadow slopes, as well stony places in the shade.
References
Pulmonaria
Redouane Saïdi (born 13 May 1971) is an Algerian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Algerian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Algeria
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Algerian people
Proastio (, South Slavic: Дурутово, Durutovo or Дорутово, Dorutovo) is a village located 4 km southeast of Ptolemaida, in Kozani regional unit, within the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 639 meters. The postal code is 50200, while the telephone code is +30 24630. At the 2011 census, the population was 649.
References
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
Old Suttonians may refer to the former pupils of 2 schools:
Sutton Grammar School for Boys in Sutton, London, England
Sutton Valence School near Maidstone in Kent
"I Miss You" is a ballad performed by British singer Beverley Craven, from her third album Mixed Emotions.
Details
The song was originally written for the 1996 film The Adventures of Pinocchio, and was written from the point of view of Geppetto after Pinocchio leaves him. The song however was rejected by the film's producers.
Eventually, the song was released on her next album Mixed Emotions, and was chosen as the first single. The song was sent to radios as a promotional single when the album was released in May 1999. A commercial release of the single was planned for the end of July, however the label refused to give it a full release, possibly due to the underperformance of the album on the UK charts and all promotion was halted soon afterwards.
The song become a huge radio hit in Poland, peaking #1 on the airplay chart. As a result of this success two more songs from the album, "We Found A Place" and "Say You're Sorry", were released as promo radio singles there.
Video
The music video features Craven playing the piano against a white background and singing the song. The Mixed Emotions album cover was taken from shots of this video.
Track listings
CD Single
"I Miss You" 4:35
1999 singles
1990s ballads
Beverley Craven songs
1996 songs
Epic Records singles
Songs written by Beverley Craven
This article contains a list of people, places, and things involved in as well as events that took place during the Cold War that are referenced in the board game Twilight Struggle.
Early War Cards
U.S.A.
Duck and Cover (Duck and Cover (film))
NATO (North Atlantic Treaty)
Containment
East European Unrest
Hungarian Revolution of 1956
Prague Spring
Special Relationship
Five-Year Plan (Five-year plans of the Soviet Union)
Independent Reds
Tito–Stalin split
Albanian–Soviet split
De-satellization of Communist Romania
CIA Created (History of the Central Intelligence Agency)
Formosan Resolution (Formosa Resolution of 1955)
NORAD (North American Aerospace Defense Command)
Truman Doctrine
Marshall Plan
US/Japan Mutual Defense Pact (Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security Between the United States and Japan)
Defectors (List of Soviet and Eastern Bloc defectors)
Kremlin Flu (Lists of members of the Politburo of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union)
Nationalist China (Republic of China (1912–1949)#Post-World War II)
Neutral
Captured Nazi Scientists (Operation Paperclip)
Indo-Pakistani War
Indo-Pakistani War of 1947–1948
Indo-Pakistani War of 1965
Indo-Pakistani War of 1971
UN Intervention (United Nations#Cold War Era)
The China Card
Olympic Games
1980 Summer Olympics boycott
1984 Summer Olympics boycott
Red Scare/Purge
Red Scare#Second Red Scare (1947–1957)
Purges of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Nuclear Test Ban (Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty)
U.S.S.R
Socialist Governments
Italian Communist Party#Post-war years
Italian Socialist Party#Post-World War II
French Left#Post-war developments
History of the Labour Party (UK)#Post-War victory under Clement Attlee
Blockade (Berlin Blockade)
Arab-Israeli War
1948 Arab–Israeli War
Second Arab–Israeli War
Six-Day War
War of Attrition
Yom Kippur War
1982 Lebanon War
Warsaw Pact Formed
Decolonization (Decolonization#After 1945)
Fidel (Fidel Castro)
Korean War
Comecon
De Gaulle Leads France (Charles de Gaulle#1958–1962: Founding of the Fifth Republic)
De-Stalinization
Vietnam Revolts (Battle of Dien Bien Phu)
Romanian Abdication (Michael I of Romania#Forced abdication)
Nasser (Gamal Abdel Nasser)
Suez Crisis
The Cambridge Five
First Lightning (RDS-1)
Who Lost China (Loss of China)
Mid War Cards
U.S.A.
Nuclear Subs (History of submarines#Post-War)
Colonial Rear Guards
Malayan Emergency
Algerian War
South African Border War
Puppet Governments (Puppet state#Decolonization and Cold War)
OAS Founded (Charter of the Organization of American States)
Shuttle Diplomacy
"Ask not what your country can do for you..." (Inauguration of John F. Kennedy#Inaugural address)
Bear Trap (Soviet–Afghan War)
Panama Canal Returned (Torrijos–Carter Treaties)
Grain Sales to Soviets (Great Grain Robbery)
Nixon Plays The China Card (Richard Nixon's 1972 visit to China)
The Voice of America (Voice of America#Cold War)
Alliance for Progress
Kitchen Debates
Camp David Accords
John Paul II Elected Pope (Holy See–Soviet Union relations#John Paul II and Soviet collapse: 1978 to 1991)
Sadat Expels Soviets (History of Egypt under Anwar Sadat)
Ussuri River Skirmish (Sino-Soviet border conflict)
Our Man in Tehran (Mohammad Reza Pahlavi)
Mobutu Sese Seko
"Don't Wait For The Translation" (Adlai Stevenson II#Cuban Missile Crisis)
Neutral
Brush War
Mozambican Civil War
Ogaden War
Arms Race (Nuclear arms race)
Summit (List of Soviet Union–United States summits)
Missile Envy (Helen Caldicott)
Cuban Missile Crisis
How I Learned to Stop Worrying (Dr. Strangelove)
ABM Treaty (Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty)
"One Small Step..."
Neil Armstrong
Creation of NASA
Project Mercury
Apollo 11
SALT Negotiations (Strategic Arms Limitation Talks)
Junta (Military junta)
1976 Argentine coup d'état
1954 Guatemalan coup d'état
Latin American Death Squads
Death squad#Central America
Death squad#South America
Non-Aligned Movement (Non-Aligned Movement#Origins and the Cold War)
U.S.S.R
Quagmire (Vietnam War)
Portuguese Empire Crumbles (Portuguese Empire#Decolonization (1951–1999))
Willy Brandt
Flower Power
"Lone Gunman"
Assassination of John F. Kennedy
Assassination of Martin Luther King Jr.
Assassination of Robert F. Kennedy
We Will Bury You
South African Unrest (History of South Africa#Apartheid era (1948–1994))
Muslim Revolution (Iranian Revolution)
U2 Incident (1960 U-2 incident)
Liberation Theology (Latin American liberation theology)
Brezhnev Doctrine
Allende (Salvador Allende)
Cultural Revolution
OPEC
OPEC#1960–1975 founding and expansion
OPEC#1973–1974 oil embargo
Che (Che Guevara)
Berlin Wall
Late War Cards
U.S.A.
The Iron Lady (Margaret Thatcher)
Star Wars (Strategic Defense Initiative)
Soviets Shoot Down KAL-007 (Korean Air Lines Flight 007)
Tear Down This Wall
Solidarity (Solidarity (Polish trade union))
Reagan Bombs Libya (1986 United States bombing of Libya)
North Sea Oil
Chernobyl (Chernobyl disaster)
"An Evil Empire" (Evil Empire speech)
AWACS Sale to Saudis (US–Saudi Arabia AWACS Sale)
Neutral
Terrorism
Palestine Liberation Organization
Achille Lauro hijacking
Munich massacre
Red Brigades
Japanese Red Army
Wargames
Brinkmanship
Mutual assured destruction
List of nuclear close calls#9 November 1979
Norwegian rocket incident
Iran–Iraq War
Stanislav Petrov
U.S.S.R.
Iran Hostage Crisis
Marine Barracks Bombing (1983 Beirut barracks bombings)
Ortega Elected in Nicaragua (Daniel Ortega#Sandinista revolution (1979–1990))
Latin American Debt Crisis
Pershing II Deployed (Pershing II#Deployment)
Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty
The Reformer (Perestroika)
Glasnost
Iran-Contra Scandal (Iran–Contra affair)
Aldrich Ames Remix
Yuri and Samantha (Samantha Smith)
Space Race
H-Bomb (Thermonuclear weapon)
Ivy Mike
Joe 4
Earth Satellite
Sputnik 1
Explorer 1
Animal in Space
Laika
Ham (chimpanzee)
ICBMs (Intercontinental ballistic missile#Cold War)
R-7 Semyorka
SM-65 Atlas
Man in Space
Yuri Gagarin#Vostok 1
Alan Shepard#Freedom 7
Man in Earth Orbit
John Glenn#Friendship 7 flight
Lunar Orbit
Luna 10
Lunar Orbiter 1
Apollo 8
Soviet crewed lunar programs
Eagle/Bear has Landed (Apollo 11)
MIRVs (Multiple independently targetable reentry vehicle)
LGM-30 Minuteman#Minuteman-III (LGM-30G)
R-36 (missile)
Anti-Ballistic Missiles
Nike Zeus
ABM-1 Galosh
Neutron Bombs
Space Shuttle
Buran (spacecraft)
Space Station
Salyut programme
Skylab
Mir
SDI (Strategic Defense Initiative)
Crisis Cards
Chinese Civil War
Yalta and Potsdam
Yalta Conference
Potsdam Conference
1945 UK Election (1945 United Kingdom general election)
Israel
Bricha
Jewish insurgency in Mandatory Palestine
1947–1948 civil war in Mandatory Palestine
Provisional government of Israel
VE Day (Victory in Europe Day)
End of World War II in Europe
German Instrument of Surrender
VJ Day (Victory over Japan Day)
End of World War II in Asia
Surrender of Japan
Statecraft
U.S.A.
Kennan (George F. Kennan)
Acheson (Dean Acheson)
Dulles (John Foster Dulles)
Marshall (George C. Marshall)
OSS (Office of Strategic Services)
U.S.S.R.
Andropov (Yuri Andropov)
Molotov (Vyacheslav Molotov)
Khrushchev (Nikita Khrushchev)
Beria (Lavrentiy Beria)
KGB
Turn Leaders
Joseph Stalin
Harry S. Truman
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Nikita Khrushchev
John F. Kennedy
Leonid Brezhnev
Richard Nixon
Jimmy Carter
Ronald Reagan
Mikhail Gorbachev
Territories
Superpowers
United States
Soviet Union
West Europe
United Kingdom
Canada
France
West Germany
Italy
Greece
Turkey
Spain
Portugal
Benelux
Norway
Sweden
Denmark
West/East Europe
Finland
Austria
East Europe
East Germany
Poland
Czechoslovakia
Hungary
Yugoslavia
Romania
Bulgaria
Middle East
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Lebanon
Syria
Gulf States (Arab states of the Persian Gulf)
Saudi Arabia
Jordan
Egypt
Libya
Asia
China
North Korea
South Korea
Japan
Taiwan
Australia
Afghanistan
Pakistan
India
South East Asia
Burma (Myanmar)
Laos
Cambodia
Thailand
Vietnam
Malaysia
Philippines
Indonesia
Central America
Cuba
Mexico
Guatemala
El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua
Haiti
Dominican Republic
Costa Rica
Panama
South America
Venezuela
Brazil
Colombia
Ecuador
Peru
Bolivia
Chile
Paraguay
Uruguay
Argentina
Africa
Algeria
Tunisia
Morocco
West African States
Saharan States
Ivory Coast
Nigeria
Sudan
Ethiopia
Somalia
Cameroon
Zaire
Kenya
Angola
South East African States
Zimbabwe
Botswana
South Africa
Game Mechanics
DEFCON
Coup (Coup d'état)
Influence (Sphere of influence#Cold War (1947–91))
Realignment (Political realignment)
Military Operations
Stability Number (List of countries by Fragile States Index)
Notes
P.Promo expansion
Z.Turn Zero expansion
S.Alternate Space Race track
Cold War
Blackrod Town Council is a local authority with limited powers and covers the town and civil parish of Blackrod in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, Greater Manchester, England. It is made up of nine town Councillors representing three electoral Wards.
Precursor
Blackrod was once a township in the civil parish of Bolton le Moors in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
Under provisions of the Poor Relief Act 1662, townships replaced civil parishes as the main units of local administration in Lancashire. Blackrod became one of the eighteen autonomous townships of the civil parish of Bolton le Moors. The township appointed overseers of the poor who levied a rate to fund the Poor Law. Highway surveyors were also appointed and funded from the rate to maintain the roads. In 1866, Blackrod's status was elevated from a township to a civil parish.
A resolution for the adoption of the Local Government Act 1858 was passed on 9 May 1872 by the owners and ratepayers of the civil parish of Blackrod, and resulted a local board was created to provide for the water supply and drainage of the town. After the Public Health Act 1875 was passed by Parliament in that year, Blackrod Local Board assumed extra duties as an urban sanitary district, although the Local Board's title did not change.
Following the implementation of the Local Government Act 1894, Blackrod Local Board was transformed into an elected urban district council of nine members. Blackrod Urban District Council had three electoral wards: Central, North, and South, each represented by three councillors.
Under the Local Government Act 1972, Blackrod Urban District was abolished on 1 April 1974 and its former area became a successor parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton in Greater Manchester.
Wards and Councillors
Since 1974, Blackrod is served by a Town Council, which is divided into three Wards, each represented by three Town Councillors.
Mayors of Blackrod
Each year the Town Council elects one of the Town Councillors to become the Town Mayor who represents the town over the municipal year. It is a ceremonial position, and some of the holders have held the position more than once.
1974–1974: George Arthur Gardiner (Lab)
1974–1975: James Kenneth Vickers (Lab)
1975–1976: Graham Farrington (Ind) (1st term)
1976–1977: Reginald Winstanley (Con)
1977–1978: Constance Mary Everin (Con) (1st term)
1978–1979: Robert Ratcliffe (Lab) (1st term)
1979–1980: Joseph Jolley (Con)
1980–1981: John Raymond Birchall Barrow (Con) (1st term)
1981–1982: Graham Farrington (Ind) (2nd term)
1982–1983: Constance Mary Everin (Con) (2nd term)
1983–1984: Robert Ratcliffe (Lab) (2nd term)
1984–1985: Josephine Ida Johnson (Lab) (1st term)
1985–1986: Lancelot Watkinson (Lab)
1986–1987: John Raymond Birchall Barrow (Con) (2nd term)
1987–1988: Graham Farrington (Ind) (3rd term)
1988–1989: Eric Johnson (Lab) (1st term)
1989–1990: Frank Woods (Con)
1990–1991: Robert Ratcliffe (Lab) (3rd term)
1991–1992: Lucy Patricia Barrow (Con) (1st term)
1992–1993: John Monaghan (Lab) (1st term)
1993–1994: Eric Johnson (Lab) (2nd term)
1994–1995: Josephine Ida Johnson (Lab) (2nd term)
1995–1996: Adrian Roy Mather (Ind)
1996–1997: Lucy Patricia Barrow (Con) (2nd term)
1997–1998: John Monaghan (Lab) (2nd term)
1998–1999: Beryl Monaghan (Lab) (1st term)
1999–2000: Marlene Winward (Con) (1st term)
2000–2001: Beryl Monaghan (Lab) (2nd term)
2001–2002: Lucy Patricia Barrow (Con) (3rd term)
2002–2003: John William Seddon (Lab)
2003–2004: Michael Hollick (Con) (1st term)
2004–2005: Beryl Monaghan (Lab) (3rd term)
2005–2006: Keith John Edward Bowes (Lab)
2006–2007: Isabel Alice Seddon (Lab) (1st term)
2007–2008: Ian Badon Hamilton (Lib Dem)
2008–2009: Marlene Winward (Con) (2nd term)
2009–2010: Andrew Bower (Con)
2010–2011: Isabel Alice Seddon (Lab) (2nd term)
2011–2012: Pat Senior (Con)
2012–2013: Lucy Patricia Barrow (Con) (4th term)
2013–2014: Stephen Laycock (Ind)
2014–2015: Beryl Monaghan (Lab) (4th term)
2015–2016: Michael Hollick (Con) (2nd term)
2016–2017: Ann Cunliffe (Lab)
2017–2018: Isabel Alice Seddon (Lab) (3rd term)
2018–2019: Scott Batchelor (Ind)
2019–2020: John Price (Ind) (1st term)
2020–2021: John Price (Ind) (2nd term because of the COVID-19 pandemic)
2021–2022: Nick Bell (Ind)
2022–2023: Susan Baines (Con)
References
External links
Blackrod
Local government in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton
Local precepting authorities in England
Parish councils of England
Palaeopascichnus is an Ediacaran fossil comprising a series of lobes, first originating before the Gaskiers glaciation; it is plausibly a protozoan, but probably unrelated to the classical 'Ediacaran biota'. Once thought to represent a trace fossil, it is now recognized as a body fossil and corresponds to the skeleton of an agglutinating organism.
See also
List of Ediacaran genera
Palaeopascichnid
References
Ediacaran life
Incertae sedis
Ediacaran Europe
Geology of Ukraine
A History of Vodka (, Romanized: ) is an academic monograph by William Pokhlyobkin, which was awarded the Langhe Ceretto Prize. Although the work had been finished in 1979, it was published just before the dissolution of the Soviet Union. In his book, in particular, Pokhlyobkin wanted the Russian vodka to be legally produced only from the rye stuff.
The book
After years of painstaking research Pokhlyobkin concluded that Russia's first grain-based vodka could have been distilled at the premises of the Chudov Monastery in the Moscow Kremlin by a monk called Isidore circa 1430. Apparently, the distillation technology spread to the city of Moscow itself in the 1440s. Pokhlyobkin suggests that both prohibition and drunkenness are scourges which encourage one another. He suggests that irresponsible and uncultured ways of consuming vodka make people drunk, not vodka itself.
The later Russian editions include the 2005 softcover issue by Tsentrpoligraf ().
Criticism
Three years after the publication the book was criticized by David Christian in Slavic Review. He cast doubt on statistics presented in the book. In Christian's opinion, the definitions of such terms as distilling and state monopoly were found so vague that it became hard to know when Pokhlyobkin offered firm dates for their first appearance. The arguments about the first usage of the word "vodka" and its first appearance were marked as convoluted, messy, repetitive as well as sometimes self-contradictory and unconvincing. Christian also pointed out at anti-capitalist polemics and Stalinist snobberies of the book.
Another case, tackled by criticism, is the way On the Combinations of Water with Alcohol by Dmitriy Mendeleyev was emphasized. It was pointed out that Pokhlyobkin used Mendeleyev's data in a speculative way to ascribe to solution of spirit and water the eminent "biochemical and physiological properties".
See also
Protected designation of origin
References
External links
English translation of the book
Russian non-fiction books
1991 non-fiction books
Economic history of Russia
Books about economic history
The Louisville Cardinals softball team represents University of Louisville in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Cardinals are currently led by head coach Holly Aprile. The team plays its home games at Ulmer Stadium located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Awards and honors
Conference awards and honors
Sources:
Conference USA Player of the Year
Courtney Moore, 2005
Conference USA Freshman of the Year
Audrey Rendon, 2004
Big East Player of the Year
Melissa Roth, 2009
Chelsea Bemis, 2010
Big East Pitcher of the Year
Catherine Bishop, 2006
References
2000 establishments in Kentucky
Sport clubs established in 2000
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Luanda, Angola.
16th-18th centuries
1530s - "Portuguese establish a slave-trading station."
1575 - Church built on Ilha de Luanda.
1576
São Paulo da Assumpção de Loanda founded by Portuguese Paulo Dias de Novais.
Fortress of São Miguel built.
1605 - Settlement recognized as a city.
1618 - Fortaleza São Pedro da Barra built.
1623 - Jesuit college founded.
1634 - Fortress of São Miguel rebuilt.
1641 - Capture of Luanda by Dutch.
1648 - Returned to being a Portuguese possession.
1679 - Cathedral of Luanda built.
1684 - Bishop's seat relocated to Luanda from São Salvador.
1764 - Arquivo Historico de Angola organized.
1766 - Fortress of São Francisco do Penedo rebuilt.
1769 - Aula de Geometria e Fortificacao (educational institution) founded.
1781 - Population: 9,755.
1796 - Population: 7,204.
19th century
1816 - Population: 4,689.
1836 - Slave trade declared illegal.
1844
Port opens to foreign shipping.
Population: 5,605.
1850 - Population: 12,565.
1865 - Banco Nacional Ultramarino branch opens.
1873 - Biblioteca Municipal established.
1881 - O Echo de Angola begins publication.
1889 - Luanda Railway and aqueduct begin operating.
1896 - Palácio de Ferro (iron palace) assembled.
20th century
1908 - Voz de Angola newspaper begins publication.
1910 - Population: 15,000 (approximate).
1913 - Angolan League founded in Luanda.
1923 - A Provincia de Angola newspaper begins publication.
1930 - Diario de Luanda newspaper begins publication.
1940
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Luanda established.
Population: 61,028.
1942 - Liceu Salvador Correia de Sa (school) built.
1950 - Population: 141,647.
1951 - Mensagem literary magazine begins publication.
1954 - General Craveiro Lopes Airport inaugurated.
1956
Museu Nacional de História Natural de Angola (Natural History Museum of Angola) built.
People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola headquartered in Luanda.
1958 - Petroleum refinery built by Fina Petroleos de Angola.
1960 - Population: 224,540.
1962 - Estudos Gerais Universitários de Angola founded.
1964 - (cinema) built.
1969 - National Library of Angola founded.
1970 - Population: 475,328 urban agglomeration.
1975
June: Angolan Civil War begins.
11 November: City becomes part of independent Republic of Angola.
União dos Escritores Angolano (writer's union) established.
Televisao Publica de Angola headquartered in city.
1976
Museu Nacional de Antropologia (National Anthropology Museum) and Grupo Desportivo Interclube football club founded.
National Bank of Angola headquartered in city.
1978 - Angola Red Cross and Cinemateca Nacional de Angola headquartered in city.
1979
University of Angola established.
17 September: Funeral of Agostinho Neto.
1980 - Empresa de Electricidade de Luanda (electricity company), Atlético Petróleos de Luanda football club, and National Centre for Historical Documentation and Research established.
1981 - August–September: Central African Games held in city.
1985 - City joins the newly formed .
1988 - Elinga Theater established.
1989 - October: International Países Africanos de Língua Oficial Portuguesa meets in Luanda.
1991 - October: UNITA headquarters relocated to Luanda from Jamba.
1992
Luanda Antena Comercial (radio) begins broadcasting.
30 October-1 November: Three Day War.
1993 - Population: 1,822,407 (urban agglomeration).
1997
Jornal do Rangel newspaper begins publication.
National Museum of Slavery founded.
1999
Catholic University of Angola and Cha de Caxinde publishing firm founded.
January: UNITA-R congress held in city.
2000 - Population: 2,591,000 (urban agglomeration).
21st century
2001 - Boa Vista shantytown residents evicted.
2003 - Estádio Joaquim Dinis built.
2005 - Population: 3,533,000 (urban agglomeration).
2006 - African Diamond Producers Association headquartered in city.
2007
Feira Internacional de Luanda (international fair) established.
January: Flooding.
Edificio GES, Edificio Sonangol, and Torres Atlantico towers built.
2008 - Construction of Angola International Airport begins.
2009
Estádio 11 de Novembro opens.
Luanda International Jazz Festival begins.
March: Catholic pope visits city; stampede at Estádio dos Coqueiros.
Francisca Espírito Santo becomes governor of Luanda Province (approximate date).
2010
Luanda Railway resumes operating.
Edificio Zimbo Tower built.
2011
Intercontinental Hotel built.
Jose Maria dos Santos becomes governor of Luanda Province (approximate date).
Population: 5,068,000.
2012
Angola Sovereign Wealth Fund headquartered in city.
Political protest.
Kilamba housing development built near city.
2013 - 1 January: Stampede at Estádio da Cidadela.
2014 - Graciano Francisco Domingos becomes governor of Luanda Province (approximate date).
2018 - Population: 2,487,444 (estimate, urban agglomeration).
2021 - Lusophony Games to be held in Luanda.
See also
Luanda history
History of Luanda (in Portuguese)
List of newspapers in Luanda
List of colonial governors of Angola, headquartered in Luanda (until 1975)
Timeline of Benguela
References
This article incorporates information from the Portuguese Wikipedia.
Bibliography
Published in 19th century
Published in 20th century
(Includes Luanda)
Published in 21st century
2000s
(review in H-Luso-Africa)
2010s
(Includes articles about Luanda)
External links
(Bibliography of open access articles)
(Images, etc.)
(Images, etc.)
(Bibliography)
(Bibliography)
(Bibliography)
Luanda Province
Luanda
Years in Angola
Luanda
Angola history-related lists
The Battle of Chamb was a battle in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. The Pakistan Army invaded Chumb on the same principle as the Battle of Chamb (1965). The Pakistan Army's primary objective was to capture the town of Chamb and surrounding areas that had strategic importance for both Pakistan and India.
Before the capture of Chumb by Pakistan forces, this western sector was under India's control. Similar to 1965, plans were made to capture this strategic town. The reason behind this plan was to deter Indians from attacking the crucial north-south line of communications passing via Gujrat. The 23 Division of Pakistan was given the task of protecting this sector and later attacking the Chamb-Dewa sectors. On the Indian side, the 10th Division was given the task of defence of Chamb; the Indian army believed that by attacking Gujrat and Tanda, they could guarantee the defence of Chamb. In comparison to 1965, the Indians were better prepared in terms of defences and now realized the importance of the town and sector.
Brigadier Amar Cheema of the Indian Army, while comparing the strength of two countries during the battle, claimed that the Indian Armed Forces had superior tanks such as T-55 and T-54 who were equipped with 100 mm guns. They were said to be far superior to those of the Pakistani Type 59 tank. The T-55 tanks also possessed pads ammunition firing capability which the Type 59 tank did not have. The T-55 had a far superior stabilisation system. Cheema also claims that there was near parity in terms of artillery but, when it came to infantry, the Pakistan army had fewer soldiers than the Indian army during the battle. He states that "it was this battle which helped in sustaining the morale of Pakistan army. The Indians, on the other hand, describe it as a most serious reverse suffered in the 1971 war".
Under the Simla Agreement, signed between India and Pakistan on 2 July 1972, Pakistan retained the territory it captured in the Chamb sector whereas India retained the territory it captured on the Pakistani side of the ceasefire line opposite the Kargil sector.
Later Gen Andre Beaufre (Retired) of the French Army, who was invited by Pakistan and remained there throughout the war and who also later went to India by invitation and toured the battlefields after the ceasefire felt that it was difficult to get an accurate picture because both India and Pakistan grossly exaggerated the casualties in men and material inflicted on the adversary. He gave two examples to support his view. The Pakistani commanders in the Chhamb sector claimed that a brigade of four battalions supported by a regiment of armour and five artillery regiments had annihilated an Indian infantry brigade and captured many tanks, a large number of other vehicles and large quantities of arms and equipment. Some pictures shown to him in support of these claims appeared to him to be the product of trick photography. He visited the Chhamb sector soon after the main battle but did not see much-captured equipment, and it certainly bore no relation to the much-publicized Pakistani claims.
According to Gen Beaufre, the Pakistani offensive in the Chhamb sector lacked boldness. Their forces moved slowly, and because of inadequate training and faulty planning, the marrying of infantry and armour was delayed and resulted in a halt at the Manawar Wali Tawi, thus giving the Indians time to reinforce their position. Pakistan attacked positions west of the river with four battalions supported by one armoured regiment and five artillery regiments.
Armour was not used in a concentrated manner, and artillery fire was spread all over instead of focusing on one objective at a time. Beaufre would have liked at least two brigades to attack simultaneously in the initial phase, followed by at least one brigade and a couple of armoured regiments to break through after securing the river line. A small force infiltrated behind the Indian defences over the Kachrael heights was not enough. A larger force in the same role would have definitely altered the situation.
References
Further reading
External links
The Battle of Chamb-1971
Conflicts in 1971
1971 in Pakistan
Indo-Pakistani War of 1971
November 1971 events in Asia
December 1971 events in Asia
The Judo competition at the 1993 Mediterranean Games was held in Perpignan, France on 20 June 1993.
Medal overview
Men
Medal table
References
Results of the 1993 Mediterranean Games (JudoInside.com)
External links
1993
Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games
Hurley is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in the Town of Hurley, Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 3,458 at the 2010 census.
Hurley is a community near the eastern town line of the Town of Hurley. Much of the hamlet is within the Hurley Historic District, a National Historic Landmark.
History
Early days
The first people known to have lived in the vicinity of the hamlet of Hurley were Esopus Indians, a northern branch of the Delaware. Dutch and Huguenot settlers moved there from Wiltwyck in the spring of 1662. It was given the Dutch name, Nieu Dorp, (new village). Dissatisfied with their treatment by the Dutch, the Delaware attacked the villages of Hurley and Kingston in June 1663 in what is called the Second Esopus War. The village of eight houses was destroyed and several women and children were taken as captives. It was a year before all the captives were returned to their families. Although the village was soon rebuilt some Huguenot settlers moved from Hurley to found New Paltz.
In September 1664 the Dutch colony of New Netherland Colony was taken over by the English. In 1669, Governor Francis Lovelace renamed some of the Dutch settlements with English names. Nieu Dorp became Horley, (pronounce Hurley) after the Lovelace ancestral home in Horley, England. He also relocated the troublesome English garrison into Marbletown, greatly easing tensions in the area. Nonetheless, Hurley remained a Dutch provincial town in language, customs, and architecture, located along the Old Mine Road, which linked Dutch settlements in the Upper Delaware Valley with Kingston.
Revolutionary War
During the American Revolutionary War, British led by Generals John Burgoyne and Henry Clinton attempted to split the colonies in two by taking control of the Hudson River Valley. Burgoyne marched south from Canada while Clinton sailed north. On October 16, 1777, a British force under the command of General John Vaughan burned the village of Kingston, which was at that time New York's capital. Many people from Kingston fled to Hurley. With the burning of Kingston, the old stone Van Deusen House in neighboring Hurley served for a brief time as the state capital.
British troops were called back to Ponck Hockie to board their ships before they reached Hurley. The grain crop was saved from destruction in part by a four-hour artillery barrage made by the militia of the first Ulster regimen under Colonel Johannes Snyder and Major Adrian Wynkoop, which had delayed the British advance. As the British fleet moved upriver, General George Clinton encamped his troops at the village of Marbletown and moved his command to the Houghtaling House in Hurley in order to better monitor the British. Hurley was an ideal location for a military outpost, with roads providing access to the Kingston, the Strand on Rondout Creek and back roads to Saugerties and Katsbaan.
On October 10, 1777, Lt. Daniel Taylor of Captain Stewart's Company of the 9th Royal Regiment was captured at Little Britain in southern Ulster County, carrying an innocuous note from General Henry Clinton to General John Burgoyne. He was a loyalist junior officer who traveled in civilian clothes on horseback carrying messages between various units of the British Army. As was customary, the note was concealed in a small silver capsule screwed together in the middle. Ordinarily, such messengers from either army were not considered spies of such a nature that their conviction would call for the death sentence. However, Nathan Hale of Connecticut had been captured by the British a year earlier and hanged as a spy. Lieutenant Taylor was tried in New Windsor by a Courts Martial composed largely of Connecticut officers and was condemned to be hanged "at such time and place as the General shall direct."
American troops, trying to reach and defend Kingston from the British, set out from new Windsor and took Taylor with them. They reached Hurley on October 17, where Taylor was held in the Dumond House. On the morning of October 18, Lt. Taylor was moved by horse and wagon to the sweet apple tree on the side of Schoolhouse Lane, where he was hanged.
After leaving Kingston, the British fleet sailed upriver to Saugerties where a raiding party crossed the river and burned the Livingston Estates at Clermont and Belvedere. Upon learning of Burgoyne's surrender at Saratoga, the British force set sail to the south and on the 24th, rejoined the British forces at Fort Clinton. Once the British threat had passed, General Clinton left Hurley and moved his troops south to their original base at Little Britain.
After the Civil War until the early 1900s, the largest industry was bluestone quarrying. In 1871 Hurley contained a Reformed church, two hotels, a store, a school-house, two wagon shops, two blacksmith shops, a shoe shop and about thirty dwellings. A wire suspension bridge, 160 feet long, crossed the creek at this place.
Hurley Historic District
Hurley Historic District includes early Hudson Valley Dutch-style stone houses.
The 1685 Dumond House was used by the Continental Army as a temporary guardhouse.
Pre-1700s Patentee Manor was built by the Cole family.
Part of the 1709 Ostrander - Elmendorf House served as the Half Moon tavern during the Revolutionary War.
The Jonathan Crispell House was built in 1725 by farmer Jonathan Crispell.
The Polly Crispell House, built in 1735, once held a blacksmith's shop.
The Jan Van Deusen Jr. House, was built in 1744 by Captain Jan. The parlor served as the meeting room for the NYS Committee of Safety during the Revolutionary War.
The two-story Ten Eyck House was built in 1786 by Dr. Richard Ten Eyck as a gift for his wife, Jenett Baker.
Once a year, on the second Saturday of July, the Hurley Reformed Church organizes Stone House Day.
Geography
Hurley is located at (41.920701, -74.054508). It is bisected by US 209.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 5.5 square miles (14.3 km2), of which, 5.5 square miles (14.2 km2) of it is land and 0.04 square miles (0.1 km2) of it (0.54%) is water.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,561 people, 1,415 households, and 1,049 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 647.2 per square mile (250.0/km2). There were 1,476 housing units at an average density of 268.2/sq mi (103.6/km2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.76% White, 1.24% Black or African American, 0.11% Native American, 1.43% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.06% from other races, and 1.32% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.13% of the population.
There were 1,415 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $58,624, and the median income for a family was $64,261. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $28,611 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $27,458. About 1.8% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under age 18 and 2.6% of those age 65 or over.
References
External links
Hurley Heritage Society
Stone House Day
"Hurley Historic District", National Park Service
Census-designated places in New York (state)
Census-designated places in Ulster County, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Ulster County, New York
1662 establishments in the Dutch Empire
The Oskaloosa City Park and Band Stand is a nationally recognized historic district located in Oskaloosa, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing includes one contributing site and five contributing objects. The town square, which is the site, was part of the original town plat in 1844. Landscaping projects were undertaken in the 1860s, 1911 and 1970–1971. In addition to the landscaping the sidewalks and curbing were installed in 1911. The bandstand in the center was designed by Des Moines architect Frank E. Wetherell, an Oskaloosa native, and built in 1912. The high octagonal structure is composed of concrete, iron and steel.
In addition to the bandstand, the other historic objects include the Spanish–American War torpedo (); Chief Mahaska sculpture by Fry (1909); Gold Star Mothers' rose bed (); and the Women's Relief Corps memorial (1920). It was included in the Oskaloosa City Square Commercial Historic District, which surrounds it, in 1986.
References
Music venues completed in 1912
Music venues in Iowa
Bandstands in the United States
Oskaloosa, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Mahaska County, Iowa
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Iowa
Historic districts in Mahaska County, Iowa
Event venues on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Typhlobelus is a genus of pencil catfishes native to South America.
Species
There are currently five recognized species in this genus:
Typhlobelus auriculatus de Pinna & Zuanon, 2013
Typhlobelus guacamaya Schaefer, Provenzano, de Pinna & Baskin, 2005
Typhlobelus lundbergi Schaefer, Provenzano, de Pinna & Baskin, 2005
Typhlobelus macromycterus Costa & Bockmann, 1994
Typhlobelus ternetzi Myers, 1944
Distribution
T. guacamaya originates from the Cuao River in the Orinoco River basin of Venezuela. T. lundbergi inhabits the lower Orinoco River, between Ciudad Bolivar and Los Castillos de Guayana (near Ciudad Guayana), Venezuela. T. macromycterus is known from the Tocantins River near Tucuruí, Pará State, Brazil. T. ternetzi lives in the upper Rio Negro basin, Brazil.
Description
Species of Typhlobelus share the extreme reduction of pigmentation, loss of the dorsal fin, the loss or extreme reduction of pectoral fins, a reduced lateral line, and the reduction or complete loss of eyes in some species. These fish are markedly miniaturized, yet retain a relatively well-ossified skeleton comparable in both bone differentiation and degree of calcification to that observed in larger trichomycterids.
T. guacamaya is distinguished from all congeners by the presence of three branchiostegal rays (vs. four in T. ternetzi and T. lundbergi, five in T. macromycterus), posterior naris absent (vs. present, nares bilaterally paired), and the lack of pleural ribs (vs. one pair of pleural ribs associated with the first free vertebra). T. lundbergi is distinguished from all congeners by the presence of four laterosensory pores on the head (vs. three). Both T. guacamaya and T. lundbergi are distinguished from ternetzi and T. macromycterus by the absence of eyes (vs. eyes present and vestigial); between T. ternetzi and T. lundbergi, the distinction may be between the presence or absence of eyes or eyespots. T. macromycterus has one or two odontodes on the opercle and five branchiostegal rays, while T. ternetzi and T. lundbergi have no odontodes and four branchiostegal rays.
These fish have greatly elongated, slender bodies. These fish have three pairs of barbels, all similar in length and general appearance. The mouth is ventral. Typhlobelus has a long duck-billed rostrum that protrudes anteriorly well beyond the bases of the maxillary barbels.
References
Trichomycteridae
Fish of South America
Fish of Brazil
Fish of Venezuela
Freshwater fish genera
Catfish genera
Taxa named by George S. Myers
Domkirke means 'Cathedral' in Danish and Norwegian and may refer to:
List of cathedrals in Norway
particularly Oslo Cathedral, Norway
List of cathedrals in Denmark
particularly Roskilde Cathedral, Denmark
Other uses
Dømkirke, a 2008 album by Sunn O))) recorded at Bergen Cathedral
Tropical Cyclone Belna was a strong tropical cyclone that made landfall over northwestern Madagascar in December 2019, becoming the first to do so since Hellen in 2014. Belna's precursor—an initially broad trough of low pressure west of Seychelles—was formally designated as a zone of disturbed weather on 2 December during a favourable period for tropical cyclogenesis in the Indian Ocean. The disturbance gradually developed over the course of several days, tracking slowly westward. Météo-France (MFR) upgraded the system to a tropical depression on 5 December and then to a tropical storm later that day. Belna reached tropical cyclone strength on 7 December as it began to turn towards the southwest, peaking with maximum sustained winds of 155 km/h (100 mph) before fluctuating in intensity over the following day as it passed just east of Mayotte. On 9 December, Belna restrengthened and reattained its peak winds upon making landfall near Soalala along the northwestern coast of Madagascar. The cyclone weakened before ultimately dissipating over southern Madagascar on 11 December.
In the French overseas department of Mayotte, up to 15,000 people relocated to shelters in advance of the storm. Several of the department's services, including the main airport and ferries, were suspended. The cyclone ultimately passed east of Mayotte with only minor impacts. Northern Madagascar was impacted by heavy rains from Belna. Soalala and Antsiranana experienced extensive flooding. Strong winds in Soalala damaged the roofs of 80% of homes and government offices. In total, there were nine fatalities and over 2,000 injuries associated with Belna. Damage in Madagascar is estimated at around US$25 million.
Meteorological history
MFR began highlighting the potential for tropical cyclone development in their daily bulletins on 25 November, noting an increase in shower activity west of Seychelles. Aided by the passage of a Kelvin wave and a favourable window in the Madden–Julian oscillation, a broad trough of low pressure began to take shape within the storm activity, extending across the equator. Projections from computer models remained in disagreement over the system's future, complicated by the concurrent development of a tropical disturbance in the northwestern Indian Ocean along the same trough. A loosely-defined wind circulation was detected south of Mahe, Seychelles on 29 November, offset from convection. Over the following days, this circulation tightened within an environment moderately conducive for tropical development. Météo-France declared the system as a zone of disturbed weather on 2 December; at the time the system had drifted west from its point of origin. Although the storm was better organised and the environment conducive for intensification, the storm's wind field initially remained elongated and rainfall remained north of the storm's centre. The disturbance became a tropical depression on 5 December, attended by an increase in rainbands and the return of convection at the centre of circulation; at 18:00 UTC that day, the system was upgraded to Moderate Tropical Storm Belna.
Belna was upgraded to severe tropical storm status early on 6 December. Around the same time, a cloud-obscured eye briefly became apparent in microwave satellite imagery. Due to a strengthening area of high pressure to its east, Belna began to curve from its initial westward drift to a more directed southwestward trajectory. After a brief period of strengthening, Belna's central dense overcast remained largely unchanged throughout 6 December before signs of resumed intensification emerged by the day's end, followed by the development of another eye across. With the storm's eye becoming better defined, MFR upgraded Belna to a tropical cyclone early on 7 December. Hot towers were detected atop and within the storm's radius of maximum winds, suggesting the onset of a more accelerated rate of intensification. However, the presence of dry air in the mid-levels of the troposphere towards the storm's southeastern quadrant prevented Belna from developing considerably. At 18:00 UTC on 7 December, Belna's winds topped out at 155 km/h (100 mph) before fluctuating at a slightly lower strength over the ensuing day. The system's structure disorganised significantly in a short period, caused by both the dry air and northerly wind shear.
The cyclone's structure varied considerably throughout 8 December, at times featuring a small eye surrounded by intense lightning activity and at other times degrading in response to an intrusion of dry air into the Belna's circulation. Belna's strength was highly variable in part due to its small size, making it susceptible to changes in the local atmospheric environment and complicating forecasts. On 9 December, a new phase of intensification began as Belna approached the Madagascar coast near Soalala, with an eye becoming apparent on visible satellite imagery. In its advisories, the MFR noted a "spectacular intensification spell" in the hours leading up to Belna's landfall on Madagascar, assessing the cyclone's winds at 155 km/h (100 mph) and the pressure at 965 mbar (hPa; 28.5 inHg)–the lowest analysed over the course of the storm's existence—as Belna moved ashore at 15:30 UTC on 9 December. The storm then began to weaken as it tracked farther inland, parallelling the western coast of Madagascar. By 12:00 UTC the next day, Belna's winds had tapered below tropical depression thresholds, though the storm retained a well-defined wind circulation with tightly packed rainbands. Belna curved towards the southeast over Madagascar, and deep convection associated with the cyclone dissipated on 11 December. MFR issued their last update on the system later that day while the centre was over Haute Matsiatra, while the remnant circulation centre associated with Belna was last noted in MFR's bulletins on 14 December.
Preparations and impact
Comoros and Mayotte
A cyclone pre-alert was issued for Mayotte on 6 December, succeeded by an orange and later red alert the following day. Comoros was placed under an orange alert during Belna's passage. Civil security personnel from mainland France and Reunion, some from the National Gendarmerie, were sent to Mayotte to aid storm preparation efforts there. Shelters were opened in several Mayotte communes on 7 December to facilitate mandatory evacuations declared by Mayotte Prefect Jean-François Colombet; approximately 10,000–15,000 people relocated to shelters in Mayotte. Several shelters housed over a thousand evacuees. To preserve the integrity of the department's water systems, water distribution was suspended. Dzaoudzi–Pamandzi International Airport and Mayotte's roads were closed ahead of the storm. Regular ferry service between Petite-Terre and Grande-Terre was also suspended. Belna ultimately passed east of Mayotte on the morning of 9 December, with impacts on the island mitigated further by the storm's small size.
Madagascar
Météo Madagascar first issued green alerts for Madagascan districts in Diana, Sava, and Sofia on 4 December based on a high probability of Belna impacting northeastern Madagascar. Accordingly, cyclone response measures were activated by the National Office for Risk and Disaster Management (BNGRC) and humanitarian organisations across northern Madagascar. By 9 December, 11 humanitarian agencies were active in northern parts of the country. Green alerts were later extended to encompass five districts, and red alerts were eventually issued to all districts in Boeny and Melaky. Schools were closed along Madagascar's western coast. Three teams from the BNGRC tasked with emergency coordination and medicine distribution were dispatched to Mahajanga, Morondava, and Toliara. The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies initiated a Disaster Relief Emergency Fund in response to Belna on 9 December, allocating CHF146,491 to 2,500 people within at-risk areas.
Approximately 2,900 Malagasy were affected by Belna. Heavy rains and strong winds impacted Boeny ahead of the storm. Belna's rainbands began affecting the Diana region on 7 December. Low-lying areas of Antsiranana were flooded, inundating entire neighbourhoods. Most of Soalala, where Belna made landfall, was flooded. Homes and government buildings were damaged in the city, including 650 homes. Strong winds damaged the roofs of 80% of residences and government offices. Damage to homes displaced 1,400 people, forcing them to seek refuge in mosques, offices, and schools. Outside of Soalala, 900 others were rendered homeless. The city's hospital was inundated with seawater following the collapse of a protective dyke. Another 55 buildings were damaged in the Diana Region and 22 in the Melaky Region. , nine deaths and three missing persons were reported; another 2,693 were injured. In the storm's aftermath, the BNGRC provisioned food and relief supplies to Mahajanga.
See also
Weather of 2019
Tropical cyclones in 2019
Cyclone Bondo – made landfall near Mahajanga, killing 11
Cyclone Fame – struck northwestern Madagascar at a similar intensity
Cyclone Hellen – slow-moving storm that brought flooding rainfall to Mayotte and northwestern Madagascar
Cyclone Herold
References
Belna
Belna 2019
Tropical cyclones in 2019
Misael Iglesias (born 23 July 1977) is a Cuban handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1977 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Handball players at the 2007 Pan American Games
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Cuba
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Houane Rolande Tokpoledo (born 15 December 1992), known as Rolande Tokpoledo, is a Ivorian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder. She has been a member of the Ivory Coast women's national team. She is nicknamed Tiotine, honoring her compatriot, late male footballer Cheick Tioté, who played at the same position of her.
International career
Tokpoledo capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification.
See also
List of Ivory Coast women's international footballers
References
1992 births
Living people
Ivorian women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Ivory Coast women's international footballers
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Morocco
Expatriate footballers in Morocco
Hredków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Sawin, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Pío del Río Hortega (1882 – 1945) was a Spanish neuroscientist who discovered microglia.
Biography
Río Hortega was born in Portillo, Valladolid on 5 May 1882. He studied locally and qualified to practice medicine in 1905. He obtained his doctorate at the University of Madrid by researching the pathology of brain tumours. In 1913, he was funded to study research histology in France and Germany but the outbreak of war between them forced him to return to Spain.
He worked with the histologist Santiago Ramón y Cajal and briefly with Wilder Penfield. Ramón y Cajal discovered neurons, Penfield helped explain oligodendroglia, whilst Rio Hortega discovered microglia, which are the cells that protect the brain from infection.
He managed to identify microglia between 1919 and 1921 by staining the cells with silver carbonate. His method of staining also led to the discovery of oligodendroglia in 1921, which both he and Penfield are now credited with. However it was Rio Hortega who named the cells.
His discoveries in 1920 created issues with Ramón y Cajal, who led the lab, as he had earlier won the Nobel Prize. By 1931 del Río Hortega was leading Spain's cancer institute, but he left the country when the civil war broke out in 1936.
War spreading across Europe found him in Paris at the Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital before he went to the University of Oxford to work with the British neurosurgeon Hugh Cairns. The bombing of Britain by Germany in World War II drove him on to Argentina in August 1940. His move was funded by the Spanish Cultural Institute, who continued to support him as he created his own laboratory in 1942. In Buenos Aires he developed a fruitful scientific school with former disciples who worked with him in Europe (Moisés Polak -http://www.patologia.es/volumen35/vol35-num4/pdf%20patologia%2035-4/35-4-18.pdf-, Washington Buño -https://www.smu.org.uy/dpmc/hmed/historia/articulos/buno-bio-biblio.pdf-) and new ones, including chronologically the last one, Amanda Pellegrino de Iraldi (https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fnana.2021.666938/full). Río Hortega died in Buenos Aires on 1 June 1945 from a malignant neoplasm.
References
1882 births
1945 deaths
People from Valladolid
Spanish neuroscientists
University of Valladolid alumni
Histologists
LGBT scientists from Spain
Deaths from cancer in Argentina
Jerrold Robertshaw (28 March 1866, in Allerton, West Riding of Yorkshire – 14 February 1941, in London) was a British stage and film actor of the silent era.
Selected filmography
Dombey and Son (1917)
Build Thy House (1920)
The Bonnie Brier Bush (1921)
A Master of Craft (1922)
The Wandering Jew (1923)
Should a Doctor Tell? (1923)
Guy Fawkes (1923)
Don Quixote (1923)
The Arab (1924)
The Sins Ye Do (1924)
She (1925)
The Apache (1925)
A Royal Divorce (1926)
Huntingtower (1927)
Tommy Atkins (1928)
Bolibar (1928)
You Know What Sailors Are (1928)
Palais de danse (1928)
Glorious Youth (1929)
Power Over Men (1929)
The Inseparables (1929)
The Shadow Between (1931)
The Veteran of Waterloo (1933)
References
External links
1866 births
1941 deaths
20th-century English male actors
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
English male stage actors
Male actors from Bradford
SouthTrust Corporation was a banking company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. In 2004, SouthTrust reached an agreement to merge with Wachovia in a stock-for-stock deal. At the time of the merger with Wachovia was completed, SouthTrust had $53 Billion in assets. SouthTrust was listed on the NASDAQ exchange under the ticker symbol SOTR. The company was headquartered in the SouthTrust Tower, now known as the Shipt Tower. SouthTrust had branches in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. By the end of 2005, all former SouthTrust branches that remained open carried the Wachovia name.
History
1887 to 1980
SouthTrust Corporation began as Birmingham Trust and Savings Company in 1887. In 1946 the bank sought a charter to become a national bank. After receiving the charter, the name of the bank changed to Birmingham Trust National Bank, which was commonly known as BTNB. In 1972 BTNB combined with three other Alabama banks to become the Alabama Financial Group, Inc. which was a holding company for the four banks. In 1974 the holding company changed its name to Southern Bancorporation of Alabama. Through the rest of the 1970s, Southern Bank continued buying other community banks located throughout Alabama. By this time Southern Bank held assets of over $1 billion.
1981 to 1987
In 1981 the holding company again changed its name, this time to SouthTrust Corporation. In 1986, SouthTrust decided to build a new building for its headquarters in downtown Birmingham. Work began right away on what would become the 34/story SouthTrust Tower. SouthTrust had $5.3 billion in assets by the end of 1986 and had expanded as much as it could in its home state of Alabama. After a change in an Alabama law allowed banks to buy other banks in the 12 southeastern states, SouthTrust made its first purchase outside of Alabama. In 1987 SouthTrust purchased the Central Bank of South Daytona Beach located in Daytona Beach, Florida. SouthTrust quickly focused on Florida for its new acquisitions and acquired many banks, mostly located in northern and Central Florida. Towards the end of 1987 SouthTrust made its first entry into the Georgia market when it moved the SouthTrust National Bank of Russell County headquarters across the state line to Columbus, Georgia.
1988 to 1997
When the bank decided it was time to enter the Tennessee market, it did so by opening up a branch instead of buying a bank already established there. The first Tennessee branch was located in Nashville. By the end of 1989, SouthTrust opened its first South Carolina branch, located in Charleston. As 1990 came around, SouthTrust had grown to over $7.5 billion in assets and had become the largest bank in Alabama. By 1991 SouthTrust had entered the North Carolina market when it bought Barclays' small American operation based in Charlotte. By 1992 SouthTrust had $12 billion in assets and 336 banking branches in six states, but announced that instead of looking to grow geographical wise that it would instead focus on growing in its existing markets. By the end of 1993, SouthTrust's assets had grown to $15.1 billion. In 1994 SouthTrust made its first entry into Mississippi when it purchased First Jefferson Corporation. This purchase helped added to an increase in SouthTrust branch number which had grown to over 400. In 1995, SouthTrust acquired Bankers First Corporation (Nasdaq: BNKF), which was the parent of Bankers First Federal Savings and Loan. Two big changes came in 1996. The first was that all SouthTrust banks would merge under one national bank charter. The second was SouthTrusts entry into life insurance through SouthTrust Insurance, Inc. By end of 1997, SouthTrust entered the state of Texas through when it bought SecurityBank Texas.
1998 to 2005
The late 1990s proved to be one of the most important times in SouthTrust's 118-year history. The bank had become one of the largest banks in the south. Birmingham had grown into the largest banking city in the south based on the number of top 50 US banks headquartered there, although not the largest by assets. In Birmingham, AmSouth Bancorporation, Compass Bancshares, Regions Financial Corporation and SouthTrust all became known as the Big Four. All four banks were top 50 US banks and all headquartered in downtown Birmingham. Only New York City had more banks and no other city equaled with Birmingham. In 2000 the bank made a change from being a nationally chartered bank to a state chartered bank. In 2001, SouthTrust made its first entry into the Virginia banking market when it purchased CENIT Bank. Later that same year, SouthTrust expanded in Virginia when it bought the Bank of Tidewater. From the end of 2001 to 2003, SouthTrust continued making acquisitions by buying small banks in markets in which they already operated so that it could grow its customer base. By the end of 2004, SouthTrust had $53 billion in assets and 712 branches in nine states.
Merger with Wachovia
On Monday June 21, 2004 Wachovia Corporation announced it would buy SouthTrust in an all-stock transaction valued at $14.3 billion. The merger closed on November 1, 2004. The Birmingham market was the last market for the conversion to the Wachovia brand which occurred in October 2005.
Criticism
About a year before the merger was announced, Wallace Malone, the company's CEO, quietly moved SouthTrust's commercial banking division headquarters from Birmingham to Atlanta. When the public found out, Malone quickly assured the city and employees that SouthTrust's corporate headquarters would remain in Birmingham. Soon after, when Malone was asked in a local newspaper whether he would ever consider selling the bank in the future, he responded by saying he believed SouthTrust was better on its own than combined with any other bank. Even within the company, he strongly preached to employees that the bank would stay independent. This caused residents of Birmingham to be blindsided when the news that SouthTrust had reached a deal to sell itself to Wachovia was announced. The biggest loss to Birmingham came from SouthTrust moving its commercial banking division to Atlanta a year before the merger was announced, and that Atlanta, not Birmingham, would end up with Wachovia's Southern Banking Group headquarters. Around 1,700 of the 4,000 local SouthTrust jobs were lost in Birmingham due to the merger. Many former SouthTrust Customers have defected to banks like Regions and BBVA Compass.
Malone's golden parachute
When the merger was completed, Malone's $100 million golden parachute went into effect. The New York Times put this figure closer to $135 million. Malone has stated that somewhere around 40% of that total will go into a trust for the families affected by the SouthTrust-Wachovia merger, although nothing further has been mentioned yet regarding this matter.
Trademark acquisition
In 2013, First National Bank of George West, based in south Texas acquired the rights to the name SouthTrust Bank. The new SouthTrust Bank is not affiliated with the original SouthTrust Bank of Alabama, acquiring only the trademark rights to the name as an effort to distinguish their brand amongst other national banks. The new SouthTrust Bank, N. A. offers financial services in various Texas markets including Floresville, TX, Houston, TX, San Antonio, TX, Three Rivers, TX, Pleasanton, TX, and George West, TX.
References
External links
SouthTrust's Website
Wachovia's Website
FundingUniverse SouthTrust Page
Companies based in Birmingham, Alabama
Banks based in Alabama
Defunct companies based in Alabama
Economy of the Southeastern United States
Defunct banks of the United States
Banks established in 1887
Banks disestablished in 2005
is a text adventure developed and published by Square for the NEC PC-8801, NEC PC-9801, and Fujitsu FM-7 in 1984. The game and its supporting computer platforms were only released in Japan. The Death Trap is the first game developed by Square, created before they were even an independent company. At the time, Square was a software branch of Den-Yu-Sha, a Japanese power line manufacturing firm; it was not until 1986 that Square was independently established.
Square released a sequel in 1985 called Will: The Death Trap II. Square's third and final text adventure game was called Alpha, released in 1986, and tells a science fiction story in the same style as The Death Trap.
Gameplay
The Death Trap is a silent (no sound) text parser adventure game, which relies on simple command lines from the user's input to progress through the game. As opposed to most "text adventures", with only text as output, The Death Trap provides graphical feedback using full screen still images.
Plot
The game's plot revolves around a spy in an African country during a civil war. The story also involves biological warfare.
The game's plot is set during the 1980s. In the game, the Cold War has become tense, and many countries have begun to prepare for a global-scale war, working on new weapons. One of such countries is the mysterious "B country" in Eastern Africa, which in an attempt to create biological weapons kidnaps the famous scientist Dr. Gitanes. An agent named Benson is sent to B country in order to rescue the doctor and avert the new threat to world peace.
Development
The Death Trap was the first game developed by Square, a computer game software branch of Den-Yū-Sha Electric Company. Masashi Miyamoto, who founded Square in September 1983, believed that it would be more efficient to have graphic designers, programmers and writers work together on common projects. Upon Square's inception, Miyamoto initially hired as their first developers university students Hironobu Sakaguchi and Hiromichi Tanaka, and a few others. They shortly began work on Square's first game, The Death Trap. Sakaguchi noted in 1985 that he had expected to only do clerical work, not develop video games, yet was appointed a producer for the game. Sakaguchi was also a scenario writer for The Death Trap even though he too was a part time employee who had just left university. Harunobu Kato and Tanaka served as programmers. Other scenario writers were 雪ノ浦美樹, 林明弘 and 鈴木尚志. The graphics team consisted of Hiromi Nakada, 雪ノ浦美樹, 今泉美保 and 斉藤智子. Lastly, 井出康代 held the position of data editing. During the creation of The Death Trap all Squares' staff were part time. Halfway through development, Sakaguchi reached out to a part time cassette rental store employee named Nobuo Uematsu that Sakaguchi had previously met and received a demo tape from. The game was published in Japan for the NEC PC-8801 in October 1984. It was later released for the Fujitsu FM-7 in December 1984. The game was the first game released in Japan that allowed both Japanese and English text entry during gameplay, as all previous Japanese games were done in English to be like games released on the Apple II. During this period, The Death Trap was one of three games that made within two years, which was a fast pace of development. There were two editions of the game with two different cover arts, the first of which is now super rare. The game was unique among titles of the time for introducing full-screen images.
Reception
The Death Trap received little attention at the time of release, though it was successful enough for Square to immediately go on to create a sequel: Will: The Death Trap II. Hironobu Sakaguchi, Hiromichi Tanaka, Harunobu Kato and Hiromi Nakada continued developing games for Square, while the rest of those credited left.
Retrospective examination from PC Gamer called the game's art “rudimentary”. USGamer described the plot as a Cold War era spy thriller.
Project EGG, a licensed emulator for home computer games, included The Death Trap, Will, and Alpha together in its limited edition "Classic PC-Game Collection" on September 8, 2013, alongside Cruise Chaser Blassty and Genesis—other Square games released between 1984 and 1987.
Legacy
is a video game developed and published by Square for the NEC PC-8801, NEC PC-9801, Fujitsu FM-7, and Sharp X1 in 1985. The game and its supporting computer platforms were released exclusively in Japan. Will is the sequel to The Death Trap, and was Square's second release.
Sakaguchi once again wrote the game's scenario, and has explained that he used The Death Trap as the basis of the game and “beefed up the story, the universe, and the game system” for the sequel. Much like its predecessor, Will is an interactive fiction game, which relies on simple command lines from the user's input to progress through the game. As opposed to the earlier "text adventures", with only text as output, Will provides graphical feedback by using pictures. Square recruited a postgraduate student from Keio University to program the bitmap graphics of Will. The game is considered one of the first animated computer games.
Will sold 100,000 copies in Japan, which, while less than its predecessor, was a major commercial success at the time of its release. The game is also considered Squares' first hit.
Notes
References
External links
1980s interactive fiction
1984 video games
FM-7 games
Japan-exclusive video games
NEC PC-8801 games
NEC PC-9801 games
Sharp X1 games
Square Enix franchises
Square (video game company) games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Nobuo Uematsu
Visual novels
Pera is an administrative ward in Chalinze District of Pwani Region in Tanzania.
The ward covers an area of , and has an average elevation of . According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 12,701.
References
Geography of Pwani Region
Gullfjellet or Gulfjellet is a tall mountain in Vestland county, Norway. It is situated on the border between the municipalities of Bergen and Samnanger, and it is the highest mountain in the municipality of Bergen. The name "Gul" is an old name for a strong wind, so the old name - Gulfjellet - means "the mountain with strong wind".
Due to its importance as a hiking attraction, and much bad weather, large and numerous cairns have been put up ("Varderekka") to guide hikers from both sides of the mountain. The watercourses on Gullfjellet supports large parts of the Bergen region with piped water.
Svartavatnet is situated to the west of the mountain.
See also
List of mountains of Norway
References
Mountains of Bergen
Samnanger
A career Foreign Service Officer, Paul E. Simons served as the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States to Chile from 2007 to 2010.
Previously, he held a number of senior positions in the Department of State, including Deputy Assistant Secretary for Energy and Sanctions (2003-2007), and Acting Assistant Secretary for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (2002-2003). For much of the prior decade, he worked on Middle East peace negotiations, supporting the multilateral track of the Arab Israeli peace process and serving as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv.
In 2011, Ambassador Simons was named a Senior Fellow at the Jackson Institute for Global Affairs at Yale University.
Upon retiring from the State Department, Ambassador Simons continued an active career in multilateral diplomacy. From 2011 to 2015, he served as Executive Secretary of the Interamerican Drug Abuse Control Commission at the Organization of American States. In April 2015, Simons was selected as the new deputy executive director of the International Energy Agency (IEA). He assumed office in July 2015.
In August 2020, Ambassador Simons returned to Yale University as a Senior Fellow at the Jackson Institute for Global Affairs. He participated in the COP 26 climate change meeting as a representative of Yale University, where he teaches and mentors students on global clean energy and climate change policies.
References
External links
International Energy Agency – Executive Office
United States Embassy Santiago, Chile
Ambassadors of the United States to Chile
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
International Energy Agency officials
Grover Cullen Jennings (April 21, 1939 – June 8, 2020) was an American attorney and politician who served in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1982 until 1993, when he was defeated for reelection by Barnes Lee Kidd. His father, W. Pat Jennings, was a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Jennings was born in Sugar Grove, Virginia and graduated from Marion High School in Marion, Virginia in 1958. He received his bachelor's degree from Virginia Tech in 1962 and his law degree from University of Richmond School of Law in 1965. Jennings practiced law in Marion, Virginia. He died in an automobile accident in Johnson City, Tennessee.
References
External links
1939 births
2020 deaths
People from Marion, Virginia
Virginia Democrats
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
University of Richmond School of Law alumni
Virginia lawyers
Road incident deaths in Virginia
20th-century American politicians
Stuart James Airey (born 18 March 1983) is an English first-class cricketer. Airey is right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium-fast. He was born in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire.
Airey made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 2001 MCCA Knockout Trophy against Cheshire. Airey has played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 2001 to present, which has included 24 Minor Counties Championship matches and 37 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. He made his List A appearance for Lincolnshire against Norfolk in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2003. He scored 2 unbeaten runs and took the wickets of Carl Rogers and James Walker for the cost of 22 runs from 7 overs.
Airey also played first-class cricket for Oxford UCCE, making his first-class debut for the team against Middlesex in 2003. He played a further 8 first-class matches, the last coming against Lancashire in 2005. In his 9 first-class matches, he scored 272 runs at an average of 34.00, while he made a lone half century score of 72 which came against Nottinghamshire in 2004. With the ball, Airey took 6 wickets which came at an expensive average of 104.33, with best figures of 2/32.
References
External links
Stuart Airey at ESPNcricinfo
Stuart Airey at CricketArchive
1983 births
Living people
People from Cleethorpes
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Oxford MCCU cricketers
Lyft, Inc., based in San Francisco, California, offers mobility as a service, ride-hailing, vehicles for hire, motorized scooters, a bicycle-sharing system, rental cars, and food delivery in the United States and select cities in Canada. Lyft does not own any vehicles; instead, it receives a commission from each booking. Fares are quoted to the customer in advance but vary using a dynamic pricing model based on the local supply and demand at the time of the booking.
, with a 28% market share, Lyft is the second-largest ridesharing company in the United States after Uber.
History
Lyft was launched in the summer of 2012 by computer programmers Logan Green and John Zimmer as a service of Zimride, a long-distance intercity carpooling company focused on college transport that they founded in 2007 after Green shared rides from the University of California, Santa Barbara campus to visit his girlfriend in Los Angeles and was seeking an easier way to share rides.
In May 2013, the company changed its name from Zimride to Lyft.
In July 2013, Lyft sold the original Zimride service to Enterprise Holdings, the parent company of Enterprise Rent-A-Car, to enable the company to focus exclusively on the growth of Lyft.
Lyft's marketing strategy included large pink furry mustaches that drivers attached to the front of their cars and encouragement of riders to sit in the front seat and fist bump with drivers upon meeting. In November 2014, the company distanced itself from the fist bump. In January 2015, Lyft introduced a small, glowing plastic dashboard mustache it called a "glowstache" as an alternative to the large fuzzy mustaches on the front of cars. The transition was to help overcome the resistance of some riders to arrive at destinations, such as business meetings, in a car with a giant mustache.
In April 2014, Lyft hired two lobbying firms, TwinLogic Strategies, and Jochum Shore & Trossevin, to address the regulatory barriers and opposition it had received since its launch. Due to regulatory hurdles in New York City, the company altered its business model when establishing Lyft on the East Coast of the United States. Lyft's launch in New York City occurred on the evening of July 25, 2014, and, in accordance with the Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) and the approval of the Manhattan Supreme Court, only drivers registered with the TLC were permitted to drive Lyft-branded vehicles in New York City.
In August 2014, the company introduced a shared ride concept, which provides cheaper fares.
In December 2017, Lyft expanded into Canada, with operations in the Toronto, Hamilton and Ottawa metropolitan areas.
In March 2018, Lyft partnered with Allscripts to create a platform allowing healthcare providers to arrange rides for patients who lack transportation to appointments. The service would be available to 2,500 hospitals, 180,000 physicians, and approximately 7 million patients.
In November 2018, Lyft acquired Motivate, a bicycle-sharing system and the operator of Capital Bikeshare and Citi Bike. The company also announced plans to add 28,000 Citi Bikes and expand its service.
In March 2019, Lyft became a public company via an initial public offering, raising $2.34 billion at a valuation of $24.3 billion. The company set aside some shares to be given to long-time drivers.
In March 2020, Lyft acquired Halo Cars which pays drivers to display digital advertisements on top of their vehicles.
In April 2020, Lyft laid off 982 employees and furloughed an additional 288 in an effort to reduce operating expenses and adjust cash flows due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. The company continued to offer scooters for rent in San Francisco, while Miami government asked Lyft to halt operations.
In August 2020, Lyft began a partnership with rental car company Sixt to let users access rental cars. Most of the rental cars are owned and operated by Sixt, with 85 locations in the US. Lyft receives commissions from rentals.
In December 2020, Lyft announced that it will launch a multi-city U.S. robotaxi service in 2023 with Motional.
In April 2021, Lyft sold its self-driving car division to Toyota for $550 million. The division had partnerships with General Motors, NuTonomy, Ford Motor Company, GoMentum Station, and Magna International. It also owned Blue Vision Labs, a London-based augmented reality startup, acquired in 2018 for $72 million.
In April 2022, Lyft announced an agreement to acquire PBSC Urban Solutions, a Canadian supplier of bike-share equipment and technology.
Criticism
Legality of ride sharing
The legality of ridesharing companies by jurisdiction varies; in some areas they have been banned and are considered to be illegal taxicab operations.
Unwanted text messages
In November 2018, Lyft settled a class action suit filed in 2014 alleging that the company had sent large numbers of unwanted commercial text messages. In addition to $4 million in payments to consumers, the plaintiffs sought $1 million in legal fees.
References
External links
Transport companies established in 2012
2012 establishments in California
2019 initial public offerings
Android (operating system) software
Companies based in San Francisco
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
IOS software
Location-based software
Ridesharing companies of the United States
Kajuiyeh (, also Romanized as Kajūīyeh; also known as Kowjū'īyeh) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 266, in 59 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Maël Ambonguilat (born 9 November 1997) is a Gabonese swimmer. He competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. The first Olympic swimmer to compete for Gabon, Amboniguilat ranked 75th with a time of 27.21 seconds. He did not advance to the semifinals.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Gabonese male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Gabon
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Gabonese people
Manik Sanyal (b. 1935 - d. 2017) was an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India, from Jalpaiguri in 1984 and 1989.
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
1935 births
2017 deaths
Communist Party of India (Marxist) politicians from West Bengal
People from Jalpaiguri
India MPs 1984–1989
India MPs 1989–1991
Lok Sabha members from West Bengal
Ajka () is a city in Hungary with about 35,000 inhabitants. It is situated in the hills of Bakony.
History
Around 1000 BCE the area was inhabited by Celts. By the 2nd century CE the territory was conquered by the Romans. The Hungarians occupied the area in the early 10th century.
The village Ajka was named after the Ajka clan, which, in turn, got its name after its ancestor, a knight named Heiko who was a member of the retinue of Gisela, Princess of Bavaria, wife of King St. Stephen in the early 11th century. The village itself was first mentioned in 1214 when it was already about a hundred years old.
The village developed slowly during the next few centuries. Real prosperity came only in the second half of the 19th century when coal resources were found nearby. In the 1930s vast bauxite resources were found too. In 1937 the world's first krypton factory was built near Ajka.
During the industrialization wave of the Socialist Communist era Ajka was a natural choice to build a new industrial town. The new town – like several other industrial cities and towns – came into existence with the unification of several villages.
Today's Ajka was created on January 1, 1960, by the unification of four villages (Ajka, Bódé, Tósok and Tósokberénd). In the following decades four additional villages (Csékút, Bakonygyepes, Padragkút and Ajkarendek) were annexed to the town. At the time of the unification Ajka had 15,375 residents. Many workers came to Ajka to find new jobs and homes there. Most of the population is working class.
At the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, Jews lived in the village. In 1840, 93 Jews lived in the village and there was a Jewish cemetery there. Some of them were murdered in the Holocaust.
Main sights
Roman Catholic Church of Tósokberénd (late baroque, 1807–1808)
Roman Catholic Church of Ajka (late baroque, 1788)
Reformed Church of Ajka (late baroque, 1783)
Evangelical Church of Ajka (late baroque, 1786–89)
House of the Steward (manor house, 18-19th centuries)
Museum of Mining (industrial heritage site)
Crystal Glass Factory
Ajka alumina plant accident
A flood of Bauxite tailings occurred in 2010, releasing of red caustic toxic industrial sludge which affected some ; ten people were killed and one hundred fifty were injured.
Twin towns – sister cities
Ajka is twinned with:
Cristuru Secuiesc, Romania
Donghai County, China
Rovaniemi, Finland
Unna, Germany
Weiz, Austria
Sport
FC Ajka, association football club
References
Notes
External links
in Hungarian
Aerialphotgraphs of Ajka
Extinct volcano locality
Populated places in Veszprém County
Socialist planned cities
Planned cities in Hungary
Jewish communities destroyed in the Holocaust
American singer Jennifer Rush has released eleven studio albums, thirteen compilation albums, and thirty-four singles.
Rush initially performed under her birth name Heidi Stern and released one studio album in 1979 which did not chart. In the early 1980s, she signed with CBS Records and released her debut single "Tonight" in 1982, which also did not chart. In 1983, she changed her stage name to Jennifer Rush and released her first two singles "Into My Dreams" and "Come Give Me Your Hand". The following year, she made her chart breakthrough with her debut studio album, Jennifer Rush, which included the German top-40 singles "25 Lovers" and "Ring of Ice", as well as "The Power of Love", which topped several charts worldwide and became the best-selling single of 1985 in the United Kingdom and the most successful single of 1986 in Canada. The Jennifer Rush album reached top-10 positions worldwide and achieved platinum and multi-platinum certifications in Germany, Canada, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
In 1985, Rush released her second album, Movin', which topped the German Albums Chart for 13 consecutive weeks and was certified triple platinum. The album also topped the charts in Norway, Sweden and Switzerland, achieving a Platinum certification in the latter. Two singles were released from the album, "Destiny" and "If You're Ever Gonna Lose My Love", which reached the Top 10 and Top 30 on the German singles chart respectively. Rush's third album, Heart over Mind, was released in 1987 and was another chart-topping album in Germany and stayed at the summit for nine consecutive weeks. Three German Top 40 hits were released from the album; "I Come Undone", "Flames of Paradise" (a duet with Elton John) and "Heart over Mind". The album reached the top 10 in multiple European territories, including Austria, Finland, Norway, Sweden, and Switzerland, where it became her second number-one album and her third platinum-certified album.
Rush's 1988 album Passion is her last platinum-certified album to date in Germany, peaking at number three and spawning a top-40 entry with "You're My One and Only". Her fifth album, 1989's Wings of Desire was less successful than her previous releases but attained a Top 20 peak in Germany and Switzerland, achieving a Gold certification in both countries. The same year, Rush achieved a UK top-40 entry with "Till I Loved You", a duet with Placido Domingo. The following year, CBS released Rush's first greatest hits album, The Power of Jennifer Rush, which reached number 40 in Germany and was eventually certified platinum.
In the 1990s, Rush signed with EMI and released four more studio albums during this decade. Her 1992 album Jennifer Rush reached the Top 40 in Germany and Switzerland but did not attain any certifications. Her next album, 1995's Out of My Hands, saw an improved chart performance, peaking at number 15 in Germany, becoming her highest-charting album of the decade in that country. The album also spawned her highest-charting 1990s single, "Tears in the Rain". 1997's Credo reached the top 30 in Germany, while 1998's Classics, a collection of classical re-recordings of Rush's 1980s singles with four new songs, peaked in the top 40.
Rush's tenth studio album, Now Is the Hour, was released in 2010, becoming her highest-charting album in Germany since Out of My Hands.
Albums
Studio albums
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders" style="text-align:center;"
|+ List of studio albums, with selected chart positions and certifications
! scope="col" rowspan="2" style="width:11em;"| Title
! scope="col" rowspan="2" style="width:17em;"| Details
! scope="col" colspan="10"| Peak chart position
! scope="col" rowspan="2"| Certifications
|-
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| US
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| AUS
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| AUT
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| CAN
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| FIN
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| GER
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| NOR
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| SWE
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| SWI
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| UK
|-
! scope="row"| Heidi
|
Released: 1979
Label: Music Is Medicine
Formats: LP, CD
| — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|
|-
! scope="row"| Jennifer Rush
|
Released: March 2, 1984
Label: CBS
Formats: LP, CD, cassette
| rowspan="2"| —{{efn|group=upper-alpha|name=debut|In some countries, the Jennifer Rush debut album was a cross-section of Jennifer Rush and Movin', either titled Jennifer Rush (United States, Canada, East Germany) or Movin''' (Venezuela).}} || 10 || 5 || rowspan="2"| 9 || 6 || 2 || 1 || 2 || 3 || 7
|
BPI: Platinum
BVMI: 2× Platinum
IFPI NOR: Platinum
IFPI SWI: Platinum
MC: Platinum
|-
! scope="row"| Movin'|
Released: October 1985
Label: CBS
Formats: LP, CD, cassette
| 96 || 8 || 9 || 1 || 1 || 1 || 1 || 32
|
BVMI: 3× Platinum
IFPI SWI: Platinum
|-
! scope="row"| Heart over Mind|
Released: February 13, 1987
Label: CBS
Formats: LP, CD, cassette
| 118 || — || 9 || 33 || 7 || 1 || 6 || 4 || 1 || 48
|
BVMI: 2× Platinum
GLF: Platinum
IFPI SWI: Platinum
MC: Gold
|-
! scope="row"| Passion|
Released: November 1988
Label: CBS
Formats: LP, CD, cassette
| — || — || 24 || — || 14 || 3 || — || 10 || 4 || —
|
BVMI: Platinum
IFPI SWI: Gold
|-
! scope="row"| Wings of Desire|
Released: November 27, 1989
Label: CBS
Formats: LP, CD, cassette
| — || — || — || — || 37 || 12 || — || 18 || 13 || —
|
BVMI: Gold
IFPI SWI: Gold
|-
! scope="row"| Jennifer Rush|
Released: October 30, 1992
Label: EMI
Formats: LP, CD, cassette
| — || — || 40 || — || — || 35 || — || — || 38 || —
|
|-
! scope="row"| Out of My Hands|
Released: February 9, 1995
Label: EMI
Formats: CD, cassette
| — || — || 30 || — || — || 15 || — || — || 28 || —
|
|-
! scope="row"| Credo|
Released: 24 March 1997
Label: EMI
Formats: CD, cassette
| — || — || 37 || — || — || 26 || — || — || — || —
|
|-
! scope="row"| Classics|
Released: 9 November 1998
Label: EMI
Formats: CD, cassette
| — || — || — || — || — || 34 || — || — || — || —
|
|-
! scope="row"| Now Is the Hour|
Released: 5 March 2010
Label: Sony Music
Formats: CD, digital download
| — || — || 51 || — || — || 21 || — || — || 61 || —
|
|-
| colspan="13" style="font-size:90%"| "—" denotes a recording that did not chart or was not released in that territory.
|}
Compilation albums
Singles
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders" style="text-align:center;"
|+ List of singles, with selected chart positions and certifications, showing year released and album name
|-
! scope="col" rowspan="2"| Title
! scope="col" rowspan="2" style="width:1em;"| Year
! scope="col" colspan="10"| Peak chart positions
! scope="col" rowspan="2"| Certifications
! style="width:15em;" scope="col" rowspan="2"| Album
|-
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| US
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| AUS
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| AUT
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| CAN
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| FIN
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| GER
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| NZ
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| NOR
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| SWI
! scope="col" style="width:2.5em;font-size:90%;"| UK
|-
! scope="row"| "Tonight"
| 1982
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Into My Dreams"
| rowspan="2"| 1983
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| rowspan="5"| Jennifer Rush|-
! scope="row"| "Come Give Me Your Hand"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "25 Lovers"
| rowspan="2"| 1984
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 25
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Ring of Ice"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 15
| 22
| —
| —
| —
| 14
|
|-
! scope="row"| "The Power of Love"
| rowspan="2"| 1985
| 57
| 1
| 1
| 1
| 6
| 16
| 1
| 1
| 3
| 1
|
BPI: Platinum
MC: Gold
|-
! scope="row"| "Destiny"
| —
| —
| 5
| —
| —
| 4
| —
| —
| 5
| 96
|
| rowspan="2"| Movin'|-
! scope="row"| "If You're Ever Gonna Lose My Love"
| rowspan="3"| 1986
| —
| —
| 15
| —
| 19
| 24
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "The Power of Love" (Remix)
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 9
| —
| —
| —
| 55
|
| rowspan="2"| Jennifer Rush|-
! scope="row"| "Madonna's Eyes"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 84
|
|-
! scope="row"| "I Come Undone"
| rowspan="3"| 1987
| —
| —
| 28
| —
| 11
| 11
| —
| —
| 9
| 94
|
| rowspan="3"| Heart over Mind|-
! scope="row"| "Flames of Paradise"
| 36
| 31
| —
| 17
| —
| 8
| 14
| —
| 7
| 59
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Heart over Mind"
| —
| —
| 24
| —
| —
| 25
| —
| —
| 29
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Another Way"
| rowspan="3"| 1988
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| Another Way: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack|-
! scope="row"| "You're My One and Only"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 27
| —
| —
| 21
| 90
|
| rowspan="3"| Passion|-
! scope="row"| "Keep All the Fires Burning Bright"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Love Get Ready"
| rowspan="3"| 1989
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Till I Loved You"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 24
|
| Goya: A Life in Song|-
! scope="row"| "Higher Ground"
| —
| —
| 27
| —
| —
| 54
| —
| —
| —
| 98
|
| rowspan="2"| Wings of Desire|-
! scope="row"| "Wings of Desire"
| rowspan="2"| 1990
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "We Are the Strong"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| Willy Bogner's Fire, Ice & Dynamite: The Original Soundtrack|-
! scope="row"| "Ave Maria (Survivors of a Different Kind)"
| 1991
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| The Power of Jennifer Rush|-
! scope="row"| "Never Say Never"
| 1992
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 46
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| rowspan="3"| Jennifer Rush|-
! scope="row"| "Vision of You"
| rowspan="2"| 1993
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 56
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "A Broken Heart"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 90
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Tears in the Rain"
| rowspan="3"| 1995
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 45
| —
| —
| 26
| —
|
| rowspan="2"| Out of My Hands|-
! scope="row"| "Out of My Hands"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Das Farbenspiel des Winds"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| 80
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| Pocahontas: Film Soundtrack (Deutsche Originalversion)|-
! scope="row"| "Credo"
| rowspan="2"| 1997
| —
| —
| 32
| —
| —
| 75
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| rowspan="2"| Credo|-
! scope="row"| "Sweet Thing"
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "The End of a Journey"
| 1998
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| rowspan="2"| Classics|-
! scope="row"| "Ring of Ice"(Classics version)
| 1999
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
! scope="row"| "Before the Dawn"
| rowspan="2"| 2010
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
| rowspan="2"| Now Is the Hour|-
! scope="row"| "Echoes Love"
| —
|
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
| —
|
|-
| colspan="14" style="font-size:90%"| "—" denotes a recording that did not chart or was not released in that territory.
|}
Promotional singles
! | "Closer"
| 2021
Videography
Video albumsThe Power of Love: The Complete Video Collection'' (2004)
Music videos
"Ring of Ice" (Version 1) (1984)
"The Power of Love" (1985)
"Ring of Ice" (Version 2) (1985)
"Destiny" (1985)
"Madonna's Eyes" (1986)
"If You're Ever Gonna Lose My Love" (1986)
"I Come Undone" (1987)
"Flames of Paradise" (1987)
"Heart over Mind" (1987)
"You're My One and Only" (1988)
"Love Get Ready" (1989)
"Till I Loved You" (1989)
"Higher Ground" (1989)
"Wings of Desire" (1990)
"We are the Strong" (1990)
"Tears in the Rain" (1995)
"Out of My Hands" (1995)
"Credo" (1997)
"Echoes Love" (2010)
Notes
References
Discographies of American artists
Pop music discographies
Laurent Clozel (born October 23, 1953 in Gap) is a French mathematician. His mathematical work is in the area of automorphic forms, including major advances on the Langlands programme
Career and distinctions
Clozel was a student at the École normale supérieure and later obtained a Ph.D. under Michel Duflo He is currently a full professor at the Université Paris-Sud in Orsay.
He received the Prix Élie Cartan of the French Academy for his work on base change for automorphic forms. He was an invited speaker at the 1986 International congress of mathematicians in Berkeley , talking about "Base change for GL(n)".
Together with Richard Taylor, Nicholas Shepherd-Barron and Michael Harris he proved the Sato–Tate conjecture.
Selected publications
Motifs et formes automorphes: applications du principe de fonctorialité In:
Appendix in : Jean-Pierre Labesse: Cohomologie, stabilisation et changement de base, Astérisque, Nr.257, 1999
The Sato–Tate Conjecture, in Barry Mazur, Wilfried Schmid, Shing-Tung Yau u.a. (éditeur): Current Developments in Mathematics, American Mathematical Society, 2000
Laurent Clozel et Luc Illusie, « Nécrologie : André Weil (1906–1998) », Gazette des mathématiciens, vol. 78, 1998,
Notes
1953 births
Living people
École Normale Supérieure alumni
20th-century French mathematicians
21st-century French mathematicians
Svanborg Rannveig Jónsdóttir (born 7 February 1953) professor in arts and creative work in the School of Education at the University of Iceland.
Professional career
Svanborg finished the national standard lower secondary school examination from Flensborg Upper Secondary School in Hafnarfjörður, her matriculation examination from Menntaskólinn við Tjörnina in 1973, and her Diploma in Education from Iceland University of Education in 1978. She completed a diploma in design and woodwork teaching from Iceland University of Education in 2001 and an MA in pedagogy from the University of Iceland's School of Social Sciences in 2005. Svanborg completed a PhD in Pedagogy and Educational Theory from the University of Iceland's School of Education in 2011. Her research focused on Innovation Education in Icelandic compulsory schools. The title of her dissertation is “The location of innovation education in Icelandic compulsory schools”.
Teaching
Svanborg worked as an primary school teacher from fall 1978 to 2006. Svanborg introduced Innovation Education in Gnúpverjaskóli Elementary School (later Brautarholt and Gnúpverjaskóli and, since 2004, Þjórsárskóli). She has actively participated in development of this area of study in Iceland. Svanborg was a part-time teacher at the Iceland University of Education and at the School of Education at the University of Iceland from 2006 to 2011. As of 2012, she was an associate professor at the same school and from July 2019 a professor there. She has taught various courses in pedagogy and educational science.) She has focused on innovation education, creativity and artistic approaches in studies and teaching. For example, she has taught in continuing education courses for working teachers from 2003 and has given presentations, instructed and taught innovation education in many parts of Iceland as well as abroad to teachers, principals, teacher students, political associations, the general public, and organisations.
Research
Svanborg's research has focused on innovation and entrepreneurial education, creativity in education, organisational change, teachers' collective efficacy and self-study in teacher education (self-study of teaching and teacher education practice S-STTEP) and collaborative supervision of master's students.
She has directed two research groups, RASKA 1 from 2013 to 2015 and RASKA 2 from 2016 to 2018. The groups consisted of practicing teachers who conducted action research on their own work and focused on creativity in studies and teaching. RASKA 1 (REsearch on CR(SK)eative schooling) ran from 2013 to 2015. It included three teachers in the School of Education and five teachers of Icelandic and mathematics in preschools, elementary schools, and upper secondary schools. The teachers examined their teaching in order to identify how they could strengthen the creative element in their work.
The RASKA 2 group consisted of eight art and vocational teachers on three school levels – elementary and upper secondary schools and university level. The research went on from 2016 to 2018.
Collaboration on research
Collaborative supervision of master students. Research on development of group guidance of master's students, along with Karen Rut Gísladóttir and Hafdís Guðjónsdóttir The research is part of continuous development in teachers' work on their education, where they apply self-study to understand the development of their teaching and to improve their supervision. Several peer-reviewed book chapters and articles have been published on the findings of the research, including the articleUsing Self-study to develop a third space for collaborative supervision of master´s projects in teacher educatio in the journal Studying Teacher Education: a Journal on Self-study of Teacher Education Practices, and the article On doing a master's project in a community of students and instructors (in Icelandic, long abstract in English) in the journal Tímarit um uppeldi og menntun.
SAM-GETA (CTE Collective teacher efficiency in a changing world). Research in Icelandic schools from 2010 to 2016. The SAM-GETA research entailed examining teachers' roles and capabilities in addressing new and developing curriculum areas, such as science and technology in the community, education on sustainability, innovation education, and the use of information technology for studies and work.
Research on developing a course for teachers on teaching in schools with inclusion, along with Karen Rut Gísladóttir and Hafdís Guðjónsdóttir. The findings have appeared in several book chapters and peer-reviewed articles.
RASKA 1 and RASKA 2 collaborative research on teachers of traditional subjects on four schooling levels and creativity in schooling from 2013 to 2015 and on arts and handicrafts teachers from 2016 to 2018.
Research on the development of NFM in Fljótsdalshérað District with Rósa Gunnarsdóttir. Findings published, for example, in the book The road to independence: Emancipatory pedagogy.
Leikum, lærum, lifum (Let's play, learn, live), under the auspices of RannUng, an action research of a group of researchers from the School of Education with practicing teachers and school staff, focusing on the implementation of the six fundamental issues of Icelandic education. Findings published in the book Leikum, lærum, lifum by University of Iceland Press.
Research on innovation and entrepreneurial education at the secondary education level, in collaboration with Innovation Center Iceland, the Ministry of Education, Science and Culture, and the Ministry of Industries and Innovation – report 2013. Two articles, 2013 and 2014, were written in collaboration with Meyvant Þórólfsson, Gunnar E. Finnbogason, and Jóhanna Karlsdóttir on the foundation of innovation and entrepreneurial education and the findings of the research
Participation in the research Vilji og veruleik (Intentions and reality). From 2005 to 2007, a research group at Iceland University of Education, researched studies and teaching in the natural sciences and technology in Icelandic schools.
Social activities and leadership
Svanborg chaired the Gnúpverjar's Youth Association 1987 to 1989 and participated in the work of Jóra Training Association (International Training in Communication) for five years. She was a member of its Board of Directors for two years. She was the principal of Gnúpverjaskóli 1991–1992, a member of the Board of Directors of the Teachers´ Association of South Iceland from 1995 to 1997, and was a member of the Board of Directors of the Association of Icelandic Handicrafts Teachers for two years.
In 2005, she organised the founding of the Association of Teachers of and People Interested in Innovation Education (now the Association of Teachers of Innovation and Entrepreneurial Education). She was chair of the association until 2010. Svanborg organised the founding of the Association of Doctoral Students at the School of Education and was chairman of the board from its founding to 2010.
She was the editor of Netla (a peer-reviewed web journal on pedagogy and education), along with Torfi Hjartarson and Robert Berman from 2012 to 2014. She organised the funding of the Laboratory for Creative Schooling (RASK) at the School of Education in 2012 and has directed it since then. Svanborg has developed and supervised the Electives Specialiasation of Innovation Education in the Faculty of Education and Diversity in the School of Education and supervises the courses falling under innovation education in that division.
Svanborg directed the European project Practical Entrepreneurial Assessment Tool for Europe (PEAT-EU) from 2016 to 2018.
Collaboration and participation in international projects
Svanborg has collaborated with various parties in education, including through European Projects. Svanborg participated in the European project MakEY. The project involved children and the use of digital media – at home and in innovation workshops or makerspaces. The University of Iceland's School of Education participated in MakEY (Makerspaces in the early years: Enhancing digital literacy and creativity). The project was a collaborative project of many universities and institutions in Europe and outside Europe. Sheffield University in Britain provided leadership. Several Icelandic institutions took part in the project, along with UI's School of Education (University of Akureyri, Innovation Center Iceland and RG Menntaráðgjöf/INNOENT).
Svanborg directed the European Project PEAT-EU (Practical Entrepreneurial Assessment Tool for Europe). It entails developing a course assessment of innovation and entrepreneurship education. The collaborating parties were from Spain, Wales, Sweden and Iceland. The project began in October 2016 and finished in October 2018. The outcomes of the project are published on the page Entre Assess. She was also a representative of the University of Iceland's School of Education in the project Find your inner inventor (2016-2019), a collaboration with Polish and Czech universities.
She was the School of Education's representative on the European collaborative project ADEPTT. It entails developing an instruction model/courses for teachers in innovation and entrepreneurship education. The countries with representatives on the project are: Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Germany, Wales, Norway and Iceland. The project finished in November 2013.
Course materials
Svanborg, along with Rósa Gunnarsdóttir and Örn Daníel Jónsson, has been involved in and written course materials in innovation and entrepreneurship education: 2007 Tíra – skapandi hugsun, hagnýt nálgun, published by Iðnú. She was also a consultant for translations of a course that the National Centre for Educational Materials published: Invention trip – com'on! Innovation Education – exercises 2010 and a publication of The Directorate of Education 2018: Next level, Innovation and Entrepreneurship for grades 7-10 and Be your own boss, Innovation and Entrepreneurship for grades 5-7. The book, The road to independence: Emancipatory pedagogy, that Svanborg wrote, along with Rósa Gunnarsdóttir, is intended as a textbook for strengthening the educational theory of Innovation Education for teachers and other people interested in this area of study.
Main written works
Articles
Jónsdóttir, S. R., & Macdonald, A. (2019). The feasibility of innovation and entrepreneurial education in middle schools. Journal of Small Business and Enterprise Development, 26(2), 255–272.
Svanborg R Jónsdóttir, Hafdís Guðjónsdóttir og Karen Rut Gísladóttir. (2018). Að vinna meistaraprófsverkefni í námssamfélagi nemenda og leiðbeinenda]. Tímarit um uppeldi og menntun. 27(2), 2018, 201−223.
Svanborg R Jónsdóttir. (2017). Narratives of creativity: How eight teachers on four school levels integrate creativity into teaching and learning. Thinking Skills and Creativity, 24, bls 127–139.
Jónsdóttir, S. R, Guðjónsdóttir, H. & Gísladóttir, K. R. (2015). Using Self-study to develop a third space for collaborative supervision of master´s projects in teacher education. Studying Teacher Education: A Journal of Self-Study of Teacher Education Practices, 11(1), 32–48.
Hafdís Guðjónsdóttir og Svanborg R. Jónsdóttir. (2012). Háskólakennarar rýna í starf sitt: Þróun framhaldsnámskeiðs í kennaramenntun. Ráðstefnurit Netlu – Menntakvika 2012.
Jónsdóttir, S. R., Thorsteinsson, G., & Page, T. (2008). The ideology of innovation education and its emergence as a new subject in compulsory schools. Journal on School Educational Technology, 3(4), 75–84.
Jónsdóttir, S., Page, T., Thorsteinsson, G., & Nicolescu, A. (2008). An investigation into the development of innovation education as a new subject in secondary school education Cognition, Brain, Behavior. An Interdisciplinary Journal, 12(4).
Books
Svanborg R Jónsdóttir og Rósa Gunnarsdóttir. (2017). road to independence: Emancipatory pedagogy. Ritstjóri bókaflokks Bharath Sriraman. Rotterdam: Sense.
Book chapters
Svanborg R. Jónsdóttir. (2016). Sköpun í skólastarfi. 4. Kafli. Kristín Karlsdóttir og Anna Magnea Hreinsdóttir (ritstjórar). (2016). Leikum, lærum, lifum: Námssvið leikskóla og grunnþættir menntunar (bls. 77–94). Reykjavík: RannUng og Háskólaútgáfan.
Svanborg R. Jónsdóttir og Allyson Macdonald. (2013). Pedagogy and settings in innovation education. In L. V. Shavinina (Ed.), The Routledge international handbook of innovation education (pp. 273–287). London: Routledge.
Personal life
Svanborg was born in Fljót in Skagafjörður. She is the next-youngest child of marine engineer Jón Einarsson (1917-2010) and Anna Halldórsdóttir (1913-1978), seamstress and housewife. Svanborg is married to Valdimar Jóhannsson (1951) farmer, and they have five children.
References
University of Iceland faculty
Svanborg Rannveig Jónsdóttir
1953 births
Living people
Bakudi railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Bakudi in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
A prospective payment system (PPS) is a term used to refer to several payment methodologies for which means of determining insurance reimbursement is based on a predetermined payment regardless of the intensity of the actual service provided.
It includes a system for paying hospitals based on predetermined prices, from Medicare. Payments are typically based on codes provided on the insurance claim such as these:
Diagnosis-related groups for hospital inpatient claims
Ambulatory Payment Classification for hospital outpatient claims
Current Procedural Terminology for other outpatient claims
The PPS was established by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), as a result of the Social Security Amendments Act of 1983, specifically to address expensive hospital care. Regardless of services provided, payment was of an established fee. The idea was to encourage hospitals to lower their prices for expensive hospital care.
In 2000, CMS changed the reimbursement system for outpatient care at Federally Qualified Health Centers (FQHCs) to include a prospective payment system for Medicaid and Medicare. Under this system, health centers receive a fixed, per-visit payment for any visit by a patient with Medicaid, regardless of the length or intensity of the visit. The per-visit rate for the Medicaid PPS is specific to the individual health center location. The rate is determined and updated by a financial accounting process conducted by State Medicaid agencies. The FQHC PPS rate for Medicare (previously called the All Inclusive Reimbursement Rate), in contrast, is fixed at the same level across different health centers.
Aside from FQHCs, other entities that provide outpatient services to Medicaid patients, that are also paid by a PPS methodology include:
FQHC look-alikes (health centers not receiving a federal grant under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act, but that otherwise meet the criteria for FQHC status.)
Indian Health Service Health Centers
Rural Health Centers (in some states, like California)
See also
Medicare Payment Advisory Commission (MedPAC)
Accountable care organization
Medical classification
Community health centers in the United States
References
Medicare and Medicaid (United States)
Healthcare in the United States
The 2021–22 Robert Morris Colonials men's basketball team represented Robert Morris University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Colonials, led by 12th-year head coach Andrew Toole, played their home games at the UPMC Events Center in Moon Township, Pennsylvania as members of the Horizon League.
Previous season
The Colonials finished the 2020–21 season 4–15, 3–12 in Horizon League play to finish in last place. In the Horizon League Tournament, they lost to Detroit Mercy in the first round.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Horizon League Tournament
Sources
References
Robert Morris Colonials men's basketball seasons
Robert Morris
Robert Morris Colonials men's basketball team
Robert Morris Colonials men's basketball team
The olive-backed flowerpecker (Prionochilus olivaceus) is a species of bird in the family Dicaeidae.
It is endemic to the Philippines.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
olive-backed flowerpecker
Endemic birds of the Philippines
olive-backed flowerpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Bridgman–Stockbarger method, or Bridgman–Stockbarger technique, is named after Harvard physicist Percy Williams Bridgman (1882–1961) and MIT physicist Donald C. Stockbarger (1895–1952). The method includes two similar but distinct techniques primarily used for growing boules (single-crystal ingots), but which can be used for solidifying polycrystalline ingots as well.
Overview
The methods involve heating polycrystalline material above its melting point and slowly cooling it from one end of its container, where a seed crystal is located. A single crystal of the same crystallographic orientation as the seed material is grown on the seed and is progressively formed along the length of the container. The process can be carried out in a horizontal or vertical orientation, and usually involves a rotating crucible/ampoule to stir the melt.
The Bridgman method is a popular way of producing certain semiconductor crystals such as gallium arsenide, for which the Czochralski method is more difficult. The process can reliably produce single-crystal ingots, but does not necessarily result in uniform properties through the crystal.
The difference between the Bridgman technique and Stockbarger technique is subtle: While both methods utilize a temperature gradient and a moving crucible, the Bridgman technique utilizes the relatively uncontrolled gradient produced at the exit of the furnace; the Stockbarger technique introduces a baffle, or shelf, separating two coupled furnaces with temperatures above and below the freezing point. Stockbarger's modification of the Bridgman technique allows for better control over the temperature gradient at the melt/crystal interface.
When seed crystals are not employed as described above, polycrystalline ingots can be produced from a feedstock consisting of rods, chunks, or any irregularly shaped pieces once they are melted and allowed to re-solidify. The resultant microstructure of the ingots so obtained are characteristic of directionally solidified metals and alloys with their aligned grains.
Bagdasarov method
A variant of the technique known as the horizontal directional solidification method (HDSM) developed by Khachik Bagdasarov () starting in the 1960s in the Soviet Union uses a flat-bottomed crucible made out of molybdenum with short sidewalls rather than an enclosed ampoule, and has been used to grow various large oxide crystals including Yb:YAG (a laser host crystal), and sapphire crystals 45 cm wide and over 1 meter long. The quality of the crystals grown by HDSM differs from ones grown by the Czochralski method.
See also
Float-zone silicon
References
Industrial processes
Semiconductor growth
Crystals
Methods of crystal growth
Gbikinti FC is a Togolese football club, based in Bassar. They play in the top division in Togolese football. Stade de Bassar, which has capacity for 1,000 people, is the venue of Gbikinti.
References
Football clubs in Togo
The 2020 AFC Cup qualifying play-offs were played from 21 January to 26 February 2020, before the remaining matches were suspended, and eventually cancelled by the AFC on 10 September 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Under the original competition format, a total of 19 teams would compete in the qualifying play-offs to decide seven of the 36 places in the group stage of the 2020 AFC Cup.
Teams
The following 19 teams, split into five zones (West Asia Zone, Central Asia Zone, South Asia Zone, ASEAN Zone, East Asia Zone), entered the qualifying play-offs, consisting of three rounds:
2 teams entered in the preliminary round 1.
7 teams entered in the preliminary round 2.
10 teams entered in the play-off round.
Format
In the qualifying play-offs, each tie was played on a home-and-away two-legged basis. The away goals rule, extra time (away goals would not apply in extra time) and penalty shoot-out would be used to decide the winner if necessary (Regulations Article 9.3).
Schedule
The original schedule of each round was as follows.
Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
The East Asia Zone preliminary round 2 first leg between Ulaanbaatar City and Taipower, originally scheduled to be played on 5 February 2020 and hosted by Ulaanbaatar City, was not played as scheduled because the Mongolian government had banned Chinese nationals, including people from Taiwan, from entering Mongolia due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Asia.
The AFC announced on 11 February 2020 that the East Asia Zone preliminary round and play-off round matches would be postponed to 7 and 14 April, and 21 and 28 April.
The AFC announced on 18 March 2020 that all matches would be postponed until further notice.
On 9 July 2020, the AFC announced the new schedule for the remaining matches. The tie between Taipower and Ulaanbaatar City, now in the play-off round after Tai Po's withdrawal, would be played as a single match on 30 September, later rescheduled to 16 October, and hosted by Taipower as they were from the higher-ranked association.
The AFC announced the cancellation of the remainder of the competition on 10 September 2020, due to logistics in coordinating the five zones.
Bracket
The bracket of the qualifying play-offs for each zone was determined based on the association ranking of each team, with the team from the higher-ranked association hosting the second leg. The seven winners of the play-off round (one each from West Asia Zone, Central Asia Zone, South Asia Zone, East Asia Zone, and three from ASEAN Zone) would advance to the group stage to join the 29 direct entrants.
Play-off West Asia
Hilal Al-Quds advanced to Group A.
Play-off Central Asia
Khujand advanced to Group D.
Play-off South Asia
Maziya advanced to Group E.
Play-off ASEAN 1
PSM Makassar advanced to Group H.
Play-off ASEAN 2
Yangon United advanced to Group F.
Play-off ASEAN 3
Svay Rieng advanced to Group G.
Play-off East Asia
Winners would have advanced to Group I.
Preliminary round 1
Summary
A total of two teams played in the preliminary round 1.
|+South Asia Zone
South Asia Zone
5–5 on aggregate. Paro won on away goals.
Preliminary round 2
Summary
A total of 8 teams played in the preliminary round 2: seven teams which entered in this round, and one winner of the preliminary round 1.
|+Central Asia Zone
|+South Asia Zone
Notes
Central Asia Zone
Neftchi won on walkover after Ahal were disqualified by the AFC for failing to travel to Kyrgyzstan for the first leg due to concerns of the COVID-19 pandemic in Asia.
South Asia Zone
Bengaluru won 10–1 on aggregate.
2–2 on aggregate. Maziya won on away goals.
Play-off round
Summary
A total of 14 teams played in the play-off round: ten teams which entered in this round, and four winners of the preliminary round 2.
|+West Asia Zone
|+Central Asia Zone
|+South Asia Zone
|+ASEAN Zone
|+East Asia Zone
|}
West Asia Zone
Hilal Al-Quds won 2–0 on aggregate.
Central Asia Zone
Khujand won 3–1 on aggregate.
South Asia Zone
4–4 on aggregate. Maziya won 4–3 on penalties.
ASEAN Zone
PSM Makassar won 7–2 on aggregate.
Yangon United won 9–2 on aggregate.
Svay Rieng won 7–1 on aggregate.
East Asia Zone
Notes
References
External links
, the-AFC.com
AFC Cup 2020, stats.the-AFC.com
1
January 2020 sports events in Asia
February 2020 sports events in Asia
Adarsha Vidyalaya is an English language school located in Sahakar Nagar, Shell Colony, Chembur, Mumbai, India. Established in 1958, it is run by the Kerala Peoples Education Society (KPES). The school is one of the few in Mumbai that teaches the Malayalam language. Tamil and Urdu are also offered. However, students are expected to speak English while in class.
Educational Amenities
The school has a science lab, computer lab, library, and audio-visual room.
Extracurricular Activities
Adarsha Vidyalaya elects a head boy and head girl every year. The school celebrates Indian Independence Day, Republic Day, Teacher's Day, Children's Day, and Christmas. The institution has participated in interscholastic sports, elocution, science exhibitions, drawing, dance, and various other cultural activities. Adarsha Vidyalaya also publishes a school magazine annually.
See also
List of schools in Mumbai
References
Educational institutions established in 1958
Schools in Chembur
Education in Mumbai
1958 establishments in Bombay State
Henderson–Oxford Airport is a public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) northeast of the central business district of Oxford, a city in Granville County, North Carolina, United States. It is owned by the Oxford-Henderson Airport Authority. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation facility.
The airport's ICAO identifier is KHNZ.
Facilities and aircraft
Henderson–Oxford Airport covers an area of 220 acres (89 ha) at an elevation of 526 feet (160 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 6/24 with an asphalt surface measuring 5,002 by 97 feet (1,525 x 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending August 26, 2011, the airport had 25,320 aircraft operations, an average of 69 per day: 95% general aviation, 5% military, and <1% air taxi, At that time there were 41 aircraft based at this airport: 95% single-engine and 5% multi-engine.
References
External links
at North Carolina DOT airport guide
Aerial image as of March 1998 from USGS The National Map
Airports in North Carolina
Transportation in Granville County, North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Granville County, North Carolina
The New Englander is a cocktail made from two to three parts Moxie to one part gin. The name derives from Moxie's regional popularity in parts of New England. Some people also detect a slight resemblance in taste to Necco wafers, another regional product.
Recipe
1 part Gordon's Gin
2-3 parts Moxie
a large slice of lime
a dash of Worcestershire sauce
The Worcestershire sauce cuts the drink's sweetness. While some prefer to leave it out, purists argue that a New Englander is incomplete without it. However, in Western Massachusetts, it is frequently left out - this version is called a "Felix".
References
Cocktails with gin
New England cuisine
Parwar may refer to:
Parwar, Pakistan, a town and union council in Balochistan province
Parwar (Jain community), a Jain community in Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, India
William Gregson (12 January 1721 – 1800) was a British slave trader. He was responsible for at least 152 slave voyages, and his slave ships are recorded as having carried 58,201 Africans, of whom 9,148 died. Gregson was the co-owner of a ship called the Zong, whose crew perpetrated the Zong massacre.
Early life
William Gregson was born on 12 January 1721 in Liverpool and worked as a rope maker in his youth.
Slave trade
Gregson was one of Britain's most prolific slave traders with at least 152 slave voyages recorded to his name. The only slave traders based in the Port of Liverpool with more recorded voyages were William Boats with 157 and William Davenport with 155.
Gregson's vessels are recorded as having carried 58,201 Africans, of whom 9,148 died on board. Gregson plied the Atlantic slave trade route. His ships left the Port of Liverpool loaded with goods to be traded for enslaved people in Africa. They were then taken to the Caribbean or Spanish America to be sold. The ships then returned to Liverpool with cotton, sugar or spices. Gregson embarked over half of his enslaved people from the Bight of Biafra, which is today part of the Gulf of Guinea. Over 40% of them were delivered to Jamaica.
Zong massacre
On 29 November 1781, the crew of the slave ship Zong began throwing their human cargo into the sea to their deaths; the atrocity became known as the Zong massacre. Over 130 enslaved people died. The ship was owned by a syndicate of slave traders led by William Gregson that included his two sons John Gregson and James Gregson, his son-in-law George Case, Edward Wilson, and James Aspinall. After the massacre the owners claimed an insurance payout of £30 for each person who had been murdered. The insurance company refused to pay out and a court case ensued. The owners won their case. The decision was overturned on appeal, the judge at the trial, Lord Mansfield, insisted that the "Case of Slaves was the same as if Horses had been thrown overboard". Nevertheless, the massacre was a landmark in the abolition movement because it galvanised public opinion against slavery. The massacre became "an emblematic way of highlighting the callous rapacity of slave-traders, and the calculated murder of innocent enslaved Africans".
Lord Mayor of Liverpool
Liverpool was Britain's pre-eminent slave trading city and at least twenty-five Lord Mayors of Liverpool were slave traders. In 1762, William Gregson became Lord Mayor and in 1784 so did his son, and fellow slaver, John Gregson. In 1787, the Liverpool Council became concerned with the growth of the slave trade abolition movement and they petitioned Parliament against its regulation. In 1788, the Liverpool Council stated to Parliament "that the trade had been legally and uninterruptedly carried on for centuries past by many of [H]is Majesty's subjects, with advantages to the country, both important and extensive; but had lately been unjustly reprobated as impolitic and inhuman."
Personal life
In 1777, Gregson was living in Everton, then a new town on the edge of Liverpool with fashionable residences, and now a suburb of the city. His residence was a sumptuous villa called Everton House. In front of his house was a private water well that became known as Gregson's Well. The villa no longer remains, nor do two public houses nearby that were called Gregson's Well. Gregson Street in Everton is named after him. A contemporary account says, "Mr Gregson fancied the public road outside his property came too near the front of his house. The overseer of highways, willing to oblige so magnificent a personage, consented to alter it so as to give adequate space in front of the mansion. Hence the awkward curve that now exists, which would cost thousands of pounds to straighten." By the time he retired, Gregson had been a slave trader for half a century, and had branched out into banking and insurance. He died in 1800.
References
Sources
1721 births
1800 deaths
English slave traders
Businesspeople from Liverpool
Mayors of Liverpool
18th-century English businesspeople
Date of death missing
Platanitis () is a settlement belonging to the community of Molykreio in Nafpaktia, Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece. At the 2011 census, the village had 606 inhabitants.
Geography
Platanitis is situated at the northwestern shore of the Gulf of Corinth, about 4 km northeast of Antirrio and the Rio–Antirrio bridge and 6.5 km southwest of Nafpaktos. The Greek National Road 48/E65 (Antirrio-Nafpaktos-Livadeia) runs through the village. There is a stone bridge over the small stream Platanorema (Kakavos), built in the late 19th century. Uphill towards the northwest is the smaller settlement of Ano Platanitis, also part of the community of Molykreio.
History
In 1951 Platanitis was recognized as a settlement within the community of Molykreio. In 1989, it became part of the municipality of Antirrio and in 2011 it became part of the municipality of Nafpaktia.
Historical population
References
Populated places in Aetolia-Acarnania
Nafpaktia
Polyortha bryometalla is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Costa Rica.
References
Moths described in 1932
Polyortha
Kirk Black (born in Texas) is an American wheelchair curler.
He participated in the 2018 Winter Paralympics, where the American team finished in twelfth place.
Teams
References
External links
Kirk BLACK - Athlete Profile - World Para Nordic Skiing - Live results | International Paralympic Committee
Kirk Black - Move United
Video:
Living people
1969 births
People from Texas
American male curlers
American disabled sportspeople
American wheelchair curlers
Paralympic wheelchair curlers of the United States
Wheelchair curlers at the 2018 Winter Paralympics
Dmitri Znakharenko (born 4 August 1993) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey player currently an unrestricted free agent. He most recently played for Amur Khabarovsk in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) and the Belarusian national team.
Playing career
Following his sixth season in the KHL with HC Dinamo Minsk, Znakharenko left as a free agent to sign a one-year deal with Amur Khabarovsk on 11 June 2021.
International play
He represented Belarus at the 2021 IIHF World Championship.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Amur Khabarovsk players
Belarusian ice hockey defencemen
HC Dinamo Minsk players
HK Gomel players
Sportspeople from Gomel
Yunost Minsk players
Remona Fransen (born November 11, 1985) is a Dutch athlete, specialising in multi-eventing disciplines.
At the 2011 European Indoor Championships in Athletics in Paris, Fransen won her first major international medal in the pentathlon with a points total of 4,665. En route to her pentathlon bronze, she broke the Dutch indoor record in the high jump with a height of 1.92 m.
Major competitive record
References
External links
Official website (translated)
IAAF profile
Athletics Union athlete bio: Remona Fransen (translated)
1985 births
Living people
Dutch heptathletes
Sportspeople from Dordrecht
José Macías is a Panamanian retired utility man
José Macías may also refer to:
José Juan Macías (born 1999), Mexican professional footballer
José Ulises Macías Salcedo (born 1940), Mexican Roman Catholic archbishop
José Natividad Macías (1857–1948), Mexican attorney
The 1905–06 Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball team represented Niagara University during the 1905–06 college men's basketball season. The head coach was Charles McGrath, coaching his first season with the Purple Eagles.
Schedule
|-
References
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball seasons
Niagara
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball
James Eugene Munson (born in Paris, New York, 12 May 1835; died 1906) was a United States court stenographer and inventor, noted mostly for his consolidation of his own work, and that of others, into the Munson Shorthand system.
Biography
He studied for a time at Amherst College, but did not graduate. He became a student of shorthand early in his life, and he soon became an expert. Coming to New York City early in 1857, his first assignment was to make a verbatim report of the Harvey Burdell murder trial. Soon afterward, in connection with other court reporters, he set to work to simplify the existing systems of shorthand, and the fruits of their labor, as finally shaped and put into practice by Munson, were presented in his Complete Phonographer (New York, 1866), to the preparation of which he had devoted three years of labor, and tested it by seven years of practice.
The Complete Phonographer was followed in 1874 by a Dictionary of Practical Phonography, and in 1877 a revised edition of the Complete Phonographer appeared. In 1879 Munson published The Phrase Book of Practical Phonography. The “phrases” were taken almost entirely from illustrations gathered from Munson's notes made in his court practice, he's having been court stenographer in New York City for more than twenty years. He also reported the Henry Ward Beecher trial for the New York Sun, without assistance, during the six months of its continuance. The report on the trial ran seven and a half columns of agate type per day.
Munson later went to work perfecting a typesetting machine that he had invented, which, being operated by means of a prepared ribbon of paper, automatically set a column of corrected, justified, and leaded type. He also invented the machines by which the ribbon is prepared, and a telegraph, also operated by the same paper ribbon, which causes an exact facsimile of the ribbon to be automatically produced at a distant point, ready for use in operating a similar typesetting machine. These inventions were based on his “Selecting Device,” which he also patented.
Notes
References
External links
1835 births
1906 deaths
19th-century American inventors
People from New York City
Amherst College alumni
People from Paris, New York
Clematis patens is a species of perennial plant in the genus Clematis in the Ranunculaceae family. It is native to Japan (Honshu, Shikoku, and northern Kyushu) and Northeast Asia. It usually grows on the edge of forests. It is also planted for ornamental purposes.
Etymology
The name of the genus Clematis is a derivation of the Ancient Greek word "clématis", which means "climbing". This is a description of the tendency that species show to be climbers. And patens means "opening". In Japan, C. patens is called "kazaguruma", which means pinwheel.
Description
Stem
The stems are brown and they become woody.
Flower
White or pale purple single flowers grow at the tips of short shoots in May or June. The calyx that looks like a petal is usually 8 pieces and length of 7–8 cm, but the variation is large depending on the type. Achene is broad-ovate, yellow-brown feather-like.
Leaf
The leaves are pinnate compound leaves consisting of 3–5 leaflets and length of 3–10 cm.
Conservation
C. patens has been designated as Near Threatened (NT) on the Red List by the Ministry of the Environment in Japan, and some prefectures in Japan have been designated as Red List.
Cultural significance
"The native fabric of Clematis patens" in Uda, Nara was designated as a Japanese national natural monument on 14 January 1948. C. patens has been designated as a city flower in Funabashi, Chiba.
References
External links
Plants For A Future
Digital Museum of Hiroshima University
patens
Flora of Asia
Flora of Japan
Voráček (feminine Voráčková) is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jakub Voráček (born 1989), Czech ice hockey player
Martin Voráček (born 1992), Czech footballer
Tomáš Voráček (born 1990), Czech ice hockey player
Veronika Voráčková, Czech basketball player
Czech-language surnames
In geometry, biology, mineralogy, and solid state physics, a unit cell is a repeating unit formed by the vectors spanning the points of a lattice. Despite its suggestive name, the unit cell (unlike a unit vector, for example) does not necessarily have unit size, or even a particular size at all. Rather, the primitive cell is the closest analogy to a unit vector, since it has a determined size for a given lattice and is the basic building block from which larger cells are constructed.
The concept is used particularly in describing crystal structure in two and three dimensions, though it makes sense in all dimensions. A lattice can be characterized by the geometry of its unit cell. The unit cell is a section of the tiling (a parallelogram or parallelepiped) that generates the whole tiling using only translations.
There are two special cases of the unit cell: the primitive cell and the conventional cell. The primitive cell is a unit cell corresponding to a single lattice point, it is the smallest possible unit cell. In some cases, the full symmetry of a crystal structure is not obvious from the primitive cell, in which cases a conventional cell may be used. A conventional cell (which may or may not be primitive) is a unit cell with the full symmetry of the lattice and may include more than one lattice point. The conventional unit cells are parallelotopes in n dimensions.
Primitive cell
A primitive cell is a unit cell that contains exactly one lattice point. For unit cells generally, lattice points that are shared by cells are counted as of the lattice points contained in each of those cells; so for example a primitive unit cell in three dimensions which has lattice points only at its eight vertices is considered to contain of each of them. An alternative conceptualization is to consistently pick only one of the lattice points to belong to the given unit cell (so the other lattice points belong to adjacent unit cells).
The primitive translation vectors , , span a lattice cell of the smallest volume for a particular three-dimensional lattice, and are used to define a crystal translation vector
where , , are integers, translation by which leaves the lattice invariant. That is, for a point in the lattice , the arrangement of points appears the same from as from .
Since the primitive cell is defined by the primitive axes (vectors) , , , the volume of the primitive cell is given by the parallelepiped from the above axes as
Usually, primitive cells in two and three dimensions are chosen to take the shape parallelograms and parallelepipeds, with an atom at each corner of the cell. This choice of primitive cell is not unique, but volume of primitive cells will always be given by the expression above.
Wigner–Seitz cell
In addition to the parallelepiped primitive cells, for every Bravais lattice there is another kind of primitive cell called the Wigner–Seitz cell. In the Wigner–Seitz cell, the lattice point is at the center of the cell, and for most Bravais lattices, the shape is not a parallelogram or parallelepiped. This is a type of Voronoi cell. The Wigner–Seitz cell of the reciprocal lattice in momentum space is called the Brillouin zone.
Conventional cell
For each particular lattice, a conventional cell has been chosen on a case-by-case basis by crystallographers based on convenience of calculation. These conventional cells may have additional lattice points located in the middle of the faces or body of the unit cell. The number of lattice points, as well as the volume, of the conventional cell is an integer multiple (1, 2, 3, or 4) of that of the primitive cell.
Two dimensions
For any 2-dimensional lattice, the unit cells are parallelograms, which in special cases may have orthogonal angles, or equal lengths, or both. Four of the five two-dimensional Bravais lattices are represented using conventional primitive cells, as shown below.
The centered rectangular lattice also has a primitive cell in the shape of a rhombus, but in order to allow easy discrimination on the basis of symmetry, it is represented by a conventional cell which contains two lattice points.
Three dimensions
For any 3-dimensional lattice, the conventional unit cells are parallelepipeds, which in special cases may have orthogonal angles, or equal lengths, or both. Seven of the fourteen three-dimensional Bravais lattices are represented using conventional primitive cells, as shown below.
The other seven Bravais lattices (known as the centered lattices) also have primitive cells in the shape of a parallelepiped, but in order to allow easy discrimination on the basis of symmetry, they are represented by conventional cells which contain more than one lattice point.
See also
Wigner–Seitz cell
Bravais lattice
Wallpaper group
Space group
Notes
References
Crystallography
Mineralogy
Sol is the second studio album by American electronic musician Eskmo. It was released in March 2015 under Apollo Records.
Track listing
References
2015 albums
Electronic albums by American artists
Duane Hawthorne (born August 26, 1976) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers. He also was a member of the Scottish Claymores in NFL Europe. He played college football at Northern Illinois University.
Early years
Hawthorne attended Ladue Horton Watkins High School, where he was a two-way player. As a senior quarterback, he passed for 811 yards and 6 touchdowns, while rushing for 748 yards and 6 touchdowns. He had 102 tackles, 5 interceptions and 7 passes defensed as a cornerback. He received All-Suburban East Conference, All-district and All-metro honors.
He also practiced track and basketball, winning the conference's 400 metres competition.
College career
Hawthorne accepted a football scholarship from Northern Illinois University. As a freshman, he was a backup cornerback, tallying 16 tackles. He had 8 tackles, one pa defensed, one forced fumble in only eight snaps against the third ranked University of Florida.
He was named a starter mid-way through his sophomore season, registering 40 tackles, one tackle for loss, 2 interceptions (second on the team) and 7 passes defensed. He had 2 tackles and 2 interceptions against Arkansas State University.
As a junior, he posted 45 tackles, 3 interceptions and 5 passes defensed. He had 5 tackles and 2 interceptions against North Carolina State University.
As a senior, he recorded 62 tackles (fifth on the team), 4 tackles for loss, 4 interceptions, 10 passes defensed, 2 forced fumbles and 2 fumble recoveries. He finished his college career with 30 starts, 166 tackles, 9 interceptions and 22 passes defensed.
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Hawthorne was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Dallas Cowboys after the 1999 NFL Draft on April 23. He surprised observers by making the team, taking advantage of opportunities created by injuries to cornerbacks Kevin Smith and Deion Sanders. He collected 27 tackles, 3 interceptions (second on the team), 7 passes defensed and 7 special teams tackles, while playing in nickel and dime packages. His 3 interceptions were the most by a Cowboys rookie since 1981.
In 2000 season, he was allocated to the Scottish Claymores of NFL Europe. He had a strong showing there, including being named NFL Europe co-defensive MVP, All-NFL Europe, helped his team reach World Bowl 2000, while making 38 tackles, 18 passes defensed and tying for the league lead with 4 interceptions. When he returned to the Cowboys, he was worn down from all of his previous football activity and wasn't as effective, finishing with only one tackle, 2 passes defensed, one forced fumble and 6 special teams tackles.
In 2001, he was named the starter at left cornerback over Izell Reese in the seventh game of the season against the Arizona Cardinals. He recorded 72 tackles (sixth on the team), 54 solo tackles (fourth on the team), 2 interceptions, 9 passes defensed and 3 special teams tackles.
In 2002, he started 5 games, but hamstring and knee injuries opened the door for rookie Derek Ross to replace him. He registered 5 starts in 10 games, 25 tackles, one interception and 4 passes defensed, before being waived on December 8, 2002.
San Francisco 49ers
On December 11, 2002, he was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as insurance for depth purposes. He didn't play until being forced into action during the playoff loss against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Personal life
Hawthorne was a football coach at University City High School and at Hazelwood West High School in St. Louis, Missouri.
References
1976 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
Dallas Cowboys players
San Francisco 49ers players
Scottish Claymores players
Northern Illinois Huskies football players
High school football coaches in Missouri
Ladue Horton Watkins High School alumni
Players of American football from St. Louis
Ann Marie Bollin (born August 18, 1960) is an American politician in Michigan. Bollin is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from District 42.
Education
Bollin attended Central Michigan University. Bollin was a Taubman Fellow of Senior Executives and Local Government at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government.
Career
Bollin had served on Brighton Township's Planning Commission. In 2003, Bollin became a clerk for Brighton Township until 2018.
On November 6, 2018, Bollin was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives for District 42. Shortly afterwards, Bollin was named to serve on the Republican Party Policy Action Plan Committee.
On November 13, 2020, it was reported that Bollin had tested positive for COVID-19. On November 16, 2020, Bollin reiterated her opposition to a mandatory mask order in Michigan while at home recovering from the virus.
Personal life
Bollin's husband is Tim. They have three sons. Bollin and her family live in Brighton Township, Michigan.
References
External links
Ann Bollin at ballotpedia.org
Ann Bollin at votesmart.org
Ann Bollin at michiganvotes.org
Ann Bollin at ourcampaigns.com
Bollin on issues at livingstondaily.com
Living people
1960 births
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
People from Livingston County, Michigan
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Michigan
Michigan Republicans
X is the tenth studio album by American rock band Nonpoint. It was released on August 24, 2018. It was produced by Fred Archambault, and released through Spinefarm Records. Guitarist BC Kochmit left Nonpoint in 2019.
Background
Prior to recording X, the ensemble took a one year hiatus from music. In June 2018, the band published "Chaos and Earthquakes" as well as "Dodge Your Destiny". The video for "Chaos and Earthquakes" was shown in early August 2018, followed by a United States tour with American rock bands He Is Legend and Letters from the Fire to promote the album.
Critical reception
Regarding lead song "Empty Batteries", Ray Van Horn of Blabbermouth.net states, "Though the track offers little new other than the usual melodic proto core NONPOINT have long served to its fans, there's urgency to the strumming and the song's dense projection. Even the breakdown flexes with a pump instead of merely bridging."
Joe DiVita of Loudwire states that '"Dodge Your Destiny" leans further into the rock direction than the more rap-addled "Chaos and Earthquakes", though both songs are guitar-centric. The former hinges on clobbering chugs and quick-strike drum fills while the former moves freely against a steady beat and circular guitar melodies.'
Jedd Beaudoin of Popmatters describes "Chaos and Earthquakes" as "a state of the personal union, a call to perseverance despite knowing that you stand on the precipice of utter destruction".
Trent Cornell of Overdrive Music Magazine went on to say that '"Fix This" is more ballad-like compared to what we've heard thus far, building from a hushed, clean verse towards one of the band's catchiest choruses yet'.
Track listing
Chart positions
US Digital albums – No.13
US Hard Rock – No.17
Top Album Sales – No.28
Singles
References
Nonpoint albums
2018 albums
Pejo is a masculine given name, a diminutive form of the name Petar.
Notable people with the name include:
Pejo Ćošković (born 1952), Bosnian medievalist
Pejo Kuprešak (born 1992), Croatian football player
See also
Pajo (given name), a diminutive of Pavao/Pavle
References
Croatian masculine given names
The Notorious Benedict Arnold: A True Story of Adventure, Heroism & Treachery is a non-fiction biographical adolescent book about Benedict Arnold. Written in 2010 by Steve Sheinkin, the book encompasses the whole life of Benedict Arnold, from his freezing cold date of birth in Connecticut to his death in England in 1801. It has won the Boston Globe-Horn Book Award for Nonfiction, the Margaret Edwards Award, and the YALSA-ALA Award for Excellence in Young Adult Nonfiction.
Background
Sheinkin writes in the book that he was long fascinated by Arnold. Over the years, he compiled an "absurdly large collection" of books, plays, and anything to do with Arnold. He even followed Arnold's route to Canada that he took in 1775.
Story line
The book begins with the hanging of John Andre, before backtracking and telling the story of Arnold's life. The book also occasionally tells the reader what's happening to John Andre. Eventually, the two stories merge into one, when Andre and Arnold begin working together to hand West Point over to the British.
Reception
Reviews were almost entirely positive, with three of them starred. School Library Journal's starred review calls it an "engaging story of revolution and treason" in which "Sheinkin keeps readers wanting to know what will happen next." Booklist as well was very positive, stating that "history junkies are in for a treat when they pick up this lively, highly readable biography," and called the book a "a worthy addition to all libraries". Kirkus Reviews (starred review) says that Sheinkin wrote a "brilliant, fast-paced biography that reads like an adventure novel," and that "the author's obvious mastery of his material, lively prose and abundant use of eyewitness accounts make this one of the most exciting biographies young readers will find." A starred review from the Horn Book Magazine describes how the book simplifies complex ideas for its readers, saying that "several complex political, social, and military themes emerge."
Awards
Boston Globe–Horn Book Award for non-fiction
YALSA-ALA Award for Excellence in Young Adult Nonfiction
School Library Journal Best Children's Book
Margaret Edwards Award
References
American biographies
Works about rebels
2010 children's books
Children's history books
Books by Steve Sheinkin
Roaring Brook Press books
Ural () is a rural locality (a village) in Zilairsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 215 as of 2010. There are 5 streets.
Geography
Ural is located 77 km southeast of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Verkhnyaya Kardailovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
The 2011 season was Chunnam Dragons's seventeenth season in the K-League in South Korea. Chunnam Dragons competed in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Current squad
Match results
K-League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Korean FA Cup
League Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of match played 30 October 2011
Top scorers
Top assistors
Discipline
Transfer
In
Out
30 June 2011 – Ji Dong-Won – Sunderland A.F.C.
7 July 2011 – Kim Hyung-Ho – Released (under arrest)
7 July 2011 – Song Jung-Hyun – Released (under arrest)
7 July 2011 – Jung Yoon-Sung – Released (under arrest)
7 July 2011 – Baek Seung-Min – Released (under indictment)
July 2011 – Nam Joon-Jae – Jeju United FC
References
South Korean football clubs 2011 season
Jeonnam Dragons seasons
Patricius is a Palearctic genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Listed alphabetically:
Patricius felicis (Oberthür, 1886) Tibet
Patricius gaborronkayi (Bálint, 1997) Nepal, Tibet
Patricius lucifera (Staudinger, 1867) Central Asia
Patricius lucifuga (Fruhstorfer, 1915) Himalaya
Patricius lucina (Grum-Grshimailo, 1902) China
Patricius sagona Zhdanko, 2002 Tibet
Patricius themis (Grum-Grshimailo, 1891) China
Patricius younghusbandi (Elwes, 1906) Tibet
References
External links
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
The rivière des Couture (in English: Couture River) is a tributary of the east bank of the rivière à la Scie which flows west to the south bank of the St. Lawrence River. This watercourse flows entirely within the territory of the city of Lévis, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Québec, in Canada.
Toponymy
The toponym “Rivière des Couture” was made official on March 28, 1974, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Lévis, Quebec
Bakkasund is a village in Austevoll municipality in Vestland county, Norway. The village is located on the southeastern side of the island of Stora Kalsøy. The mountain Mjuken lies about north of the village. Store-Kalsøy Chapel is located in the village, serving the northwestern part of Austevoll. Prior to the opening of the Bakkasund Bridge (connecting the island to Hundvåko island) in 1999, Bakkasund was the ferry port for the island of Stora Kalsøy, connecting it to several other islands in Austevoll.
References
Villages in Vestland
Austevoll
The Minnesota Golden Gophers softball team represents the University of Minnesota in National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) Division I competition. College softball became a varsity sport at the University of Minnesota in 1974.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Roster
Notable players
Big Ten Player of the Year
Barb Drake, 1986
Kari Blank, 1991
Sara Groenewegen, 2015
Kendyl Lindaman, 2017, 2018
Big Ten Pitcher of the Year
Sara Groenewegen, 2014, 2017
Amber Fiser, 2019
Big Ten Freshman of the Year
Brenda Bixby, 1988
Sara Moulton, 2011
Sara Groenewegen, 2014
Maddie Houlihan, 2016
Kendyl Lindaman, 2017
Big Ten Coach of the Year
Linda Wells, 1988
Teresa Wilson, 1991
Jessica Allister, 2017
References
Wegelin & Co. is a now-defunct bank that was located in St. Gallen in the Canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland, and specialized in private banking and asset management.
Founded by Caspar Zyli in 1741, the company was renamed Wegelin & Co. in 1893. The bank's legal name changed multiple times by incorporating the names of the senior personally liable partners. As of 2013, the bank's name was Wegelin & Co. Privatbankiers, Gesellschafter Bruderer, Hummler, Tolle & Co. At the time of its closing, it was the oldest bank in Switzerland and the 13th oldest in the world.
History
The bank was founded as a partnership by a linen-cloth merchant by the name of Caspar Zyli (1717–1758), and was originally named Leinentuchhandel und Speditionshandlung ("Linen trade and freight forwarder"). The company provided banking services from the beginning. In 1798 Zyli's son acquired the Nothveststein building. In 1860 Zyli's nephew Emil Wegelin-Wild became a partner. He concentrated the firm's activities on asset management. The firm was converted to a Kommanditgesellschaft in 1893. It changed its name to the current name in 1893, which originated from Emil Wegelin-Wild.
In 1913 a case involving an amount of about $250,000 owed to the bank reached the New York Supreme Court's Appellate Division.
In the 1990s the bank underwent a management buyout orchestrated by one of its managing partners, Konrad Hummler. Eight partners controlled 80% of the bank, while the Wegelin family owned the other 20%. This management structure was for the most part maintained until the bank closed. As of 2013 the personally liable partners were Otto Bruderer, Konrad Hummler, Steffen Tolle, Michele Moor, Christian Raubach and Christian Hafner.
The bank grew from a small bank with only 30 employees in 1990 to 700 employees and 13 offices as of 2011. New offices were opened in Zürich (1998), Lugano (2000), Bern (2002), Basel, Geneva and Locarno (all 2007), Chur (2009), Lucerne (2010), Winterthur (2011) and other cities.
By 2003 the firm was privately owned by five people, and remained private as of January 2012.
Organization
All of the offices and branches of Wegelin & Co. are located in Switzerland, and the bank is headquartered in St. Gallen. Until its 2012 restructuring, the bank employed about 700 staff and had offices in Basel, Bern, Chiasso, Chur, Geneva, Lausanne, Locarno, Lugano, Lucerne, Schaffhausen, Winterthur and Zurich. Many employees came from the local University of St. Gallen, which has a good relationship with the bank. The bank managed client assets of over CHF 24 billion (figures dated to January 2012), and according to another source was also managing CHF 3 billion in pensions and moneys of private clients.
In 2008 the firm was listed as an organisation whose size and manner of organisation suited the description of "boutique personal wealth management". The firm was relatively small, and accordingly operated within a specialized niche market.
Court case
Between 2002 and 2010, Wegelin & Co. assisted citizens of the United States in evading taxes on assets totalling over $1.2 billion. In early 2012, Wegelin & Co. transferred all its non-US activities, clients, and assets, and almost its entire staff, to its subsidiary Notenstein Privatbank. Notenstein Privatbank was subsequently sold to the Raiffeisen banking group.
In January 2013, the reduced Wegelin pleaded guilty to conspiracy in a New York court to assisting more than 100 American citizens to hide $1.2 billion from the Internal Revenue Service over a 10-year period. Although the bank's practice is legal under Swiss law, the bank agreed to pay $57.8 million (£36m; €44m, or about 5% of the $1.2 billion) in fines to US authorities. At about the same time that the plea agreement was announced, Wegelin & Co. declared that it would close. The Notenstein Privatbank continues to operate from the former Wegelin & Co. headquarters with its former 700 employees. Wegelin agreed to pay $57.8 million to the United States in restitution and fines. Otto Bruderer, a managing partner at the bank, said in court that "Wegelin was aware that this conduct was wrong."
American courts convicted Wegelin & Co. of money-laundering and tax evasion, and accordingly the bank's correspondent account held by UBS AG in Connecticut was fined $16 million by the federal courts. The bank argued that it only had branches in Switzerland, not the United States, and was, therefore only subject to Swiss law. In January 2013, Wegelin & Co. admitted to allowing more than 100 American citizens to hide approximately $1.2 billion from the Internal Revenue Service for almost 10 years. The bank agreed to pay $57.8m (£36m; 44m euros) in fines to US authorities: a restitution of $20 million, asset forfeiture of $15.8 million, and $22.05 million in other fines.
In the New York court, the bank's representatives said the bank's practice was legal under Swiss law and common practice in Swiss banking, but admitted that their US customers violated US law.
{{quote|"Wegelin was aware that this conduct (of their customers) was wrong ... From about 2002 through to about 2010, Wegelin agreed with certain US taxpayers to evade the US tax obligations of these US taxpayer clients, who filed false tax returns with the IRS."—Otto Bruderer, a manager of Wegelin & Co. in NY court.}}
After pleading guilty in a New York court to helping Americans evade their taxes, the bank announced that it would close permanently. It was the first non-American bank to plead guilty to tax evasion charges in the United States.
Although it paid millions in fines, a lawyer involved in previous prosecutions of Swiss banks noted, "It is unclear whether the bank was required to turn over American client names who held secret Swiss bank accounts."
Anthony Michael Sabino, professor at St. John's University's Peter J. Tobin College of Business noted, "Big banks have always been deemed off-limits for criminal prosecution. [The Wegelin case] teaches a lesson to small and mid-sized players but in sad contrast it sends the wrong message to big banks. That they can hide money, be caught, pay a fine and go back to business as usual."
Restructuring
According to Reuters, "At the end of [January 2012], 270-year-old Wegelin said it had moved most of its employees, along with clients and assets of 21 billion Swiss francs, to Notenstein Privatbank," just a week prior to being inculpated, on 3 February 2012.
Thus, the bank managed to transfer most of its business activities and employees—all non US related—to a legally different entity, Notenstein Privatbank, established by Wegelin & Co. as a subsidiary in 1968, but legally distinct. This subsidiary was also based in the same Nothveststein'' building, as the Wegelin & Co.'s employees were. The Notenstein Privatbank continues to operate from the former Wegelin & Co. headquarters with Wegelin's former 700 employees. Also, while under a different name and legal identity, the bank's business continues with little impact.
After the transfer of the bulk of its activities including about 700 employees to Notenstein Privatbank, Wegelin & Co. only had 15 remaining employees as of February 2012.
See also
Fabrice Tourre in the Goldman Sachs, "Abacus Case"
Libor scandal
References
External links
Wegelin and Co.
Wegelin & Co.
Banks established in 1741
2013 disestablishments in Switzerland
Banks disestablished in 2013
Defunct banks of Switzerland
Companies based in St. Gallen (city)
Swiss companies disestablished in 2013
Zīj-i Sulṭānī () is a Zij astronomical table and star catalogue that was published by Ulugh Beg in 1438–1439. It was the joint product of the work of a group of Muslim astronomers working under the patronage of Ulugh Beg at Samarkand's Ulugh Beg Observatory. These astronomers included Jamshīd al-Kāshī and Ali Qushji, among others.
The Zij-i-Sultani was not surpassed in accuracy until the work of Taqi al-Din and Tycho Brahe in the 16th century.
The serious errors which Ulugh Beg found in previous Zij star catalogues (many of the earlier ones were simply updates on Ptolemy's work, adding the effect of precession to the longitudes) induced him to redetermine the positions of 992 fixed stars, to which he added 27 stars from al-Sufi's Book of Fixed Stars (964), which were too far south for observation from Samarkand. This catalogue, one of the most original of the Middle Ages, was edited by Thomas Hyde at Oxford in 1665 under the title Tabulae longitudinis et latitudinis stellarum fixarum ex observatione Ulugbeighi, by G. Sharpe in 1767, and in 1843 by Francis Baily in vol. xiii. of the Memoirs of the Royal Astronomical Society.
In 1437, Ulugh Beg determined the length of the sidereal year as 365.2570370...d = 365d 6h 10m 8s (an error of +58s). In his measurements over many years he used a 50 m high gnomon. This value was improved by 28s, 88 years later in 1525 by Nicolaus Copernicus (1473–1543), who appealed to the estimation of Thabit ibn Qurra (826–901), which was accurate to +2s. However, Ulugh Beg later measured another more precise value as 365d 6h 9m 35s, which has an error of +25s, making it more accurate than Copernicus' estimate which had an error of +30s. Ulugh Beg also determined the Earth's axial tilt as 23;30,17 degrees in sexagesimal notation, which in decimal notation converts to 23.5047 degrees.
See also
Zij
Ulugh Beg Observatory
Notes
References
E.S. Kennedy, A Survey of Islamic Astronomical Tables, Transactions of the American Philosophical Society, (1956) 46(2), pp. 3–4, 44-5.
L.P.E.A. Sédillot. Tables astronomiques d'Oloug Beg, commentées et publiées avec le texte en regard, Tome I, 1 fascicule, Paris; 1839.
L.P.E.A. Sédillot. Prolégomènes des Tables astronomiques d'Oloug Beg, publiées avec Notes et Variantes, et précédées d'une Introduction. Paris: F. Didot, 1847.
L.P.E.A. Sédillot. Prolégomènes des Tables astronomiques d'Oloug Beg, traduction et commentaire. Paris: 1853.
1437 books
Astronomical tables
Astronomical works of the medieval Islamic world
Astrological works of the medieval Islamic world
Andrea Weigand (born 1977) is a Canadian international lawn bowler.
She won a silver medal in the fours with Shirley Fitzpatrick-Wong, Melissa Ranger and Anita Nivala at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur.
Weigand is also a former Canadian National fours champion.
References
Living people
1977 births
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Canadian female bowls players
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Canada
V, or v, is the twenty-second and fifth-to-last letter in the modern English alphabet and the ISO basic Latin alphabet. Its name in English is vee (pronounced ), plural vees.
History
The letter V ultimately comes from the Phoenician letter waw by way of U. See U for details.
During the Late Middle Ages, two minuscule glyphs of U developed which were both used for sounds including and modern . The pointed form "v" was written at the beginning of a word, while a rounded form "u" was used in the middle or end, regardless of sound. So whereas "valour" and "excuse" appeared as in modern printing, "have" and "upon" were printed as "haue" and "vpon". The first distinction between the letters "u" and "v" is recorded in a Gothic script from 1386, where "v" preceded "u". By the mid-16th century, the "v" form was used to represent the consonant and "u" the vowel sound, giving us the modern letter V. U and V were not accepted as distinct letters until many years later. The rounded variant became the modern-day version of U, and the letter's former pointed form became V.
Letter
In the International Phonetic Alphabet, represents the voiced labiodental fricative. See Help:IPA.
In English, special rules of orthography normally apply to the letter V:
Traditionally, V is not doubled to indicate a short vowel, the way, for example, P is doubled to indicate the difference between "super" and "supper". However, that is changing with newly coined words, such as , "divvy up" and "skivvies".
Words that ends in a [v] sound (except of) normally spell that sound -ve, regardless of the pronunciation of the vowel before it. This rule does not apply to transliterations of Slavic and Hebrew words, such as Kiev, or to words that started out as abbreviations, such as sov for sovereign.
The short u sound is spelled o, not u, before the letter v. This originated with a mediaeval scribal practice designed to increase legibility by avoiding too many vertical strokes (minims) in a row.
Like J, K, Q, X, and Z; V is not used very frequently in English. It is the sixth least frequently used letter in the English language, with a frequency of about 1% in words. V is the only letter that cannot be used to form an English two-letter word in the British and Australian versions of the game of Scrabble. It is one of only two letters (the other is C) that cannot be used this way in the American version.
The letter appears frequently in the Romance languages, where it is the first letter of the second-person plural pronoun and (in Italian and Catalan) the stem of the imperfect form of most verbs.
Name in other languages
, pronounced ; in dialects that lack contrast between and , the letter is called ve baixa "low B/V".
or vu
is recommended, but ve is traditional. If V is pronounced in the second way, it would have the same pronunciation as the letter B in Spanish (i.e. after pause or nasal sound, otherwise ); thus further terms are needed to distinguish ve from be. In some countries it is called ve corta, ve baja, ve pequeña, ve chica or ve labiodental.
In Japanese, V is called a variety of names originating in English, most commonly ブイ or , but less nativized variants, violating to an extent the phonotactics of Japanese, of ヴィー , ヴイ or , and ヴィ are also used. The phoneme in Japanese is used properly only in loanwords, where the preference for either or depends on many factors; in general, words that are perceived to be in common use tend toward .
Pronunciation and use
In most languages which use the Latin alphabet, has a voiced bilabial or labiodental sound. In English, it is a voiced labiodental fricative. In most dialects of Spanish, it is pronounced the same as , that is, or . In Corsican, it is pronounced , , or , depending on the position in the word and the sentence. In contemporary German, it is pronounced in most loan-words while in native German words, it is always pronounced . In standard Dutch it is traditionally pronounced as but in many regions it is pronounced as in some or all positions.
In Native American languages of North America (mainly Muskhogean and Iroquoian), represents a nasalized central vowel, /ə̃/.
In Chinese Pinyin, while is not used, the letter is used by most input methods to enter letter , which most keyboards lack (Romanised Chinese is a popular method to enter Chinese text). Informal romanizations of Mandarin Chinese use V as a substitute for the close front rounded vowel /y/, properly written ü in pinyin and Wade–Giles.
In Irish, the letter is mostly used in loanwords, such as veidhlín from English violin. However the sound appears naturally in Irish when /b/ (or /m/) is lenited or "softened", represented in the orthography by (or "mh"), so that bhí is pronounced , an bhean (the woman) is pronounced , etc. For more information, see Irish phonology.
This letter is not used in the Polish alphabet, where is spelled with the letter instead, following the convention of German.
Other systems
In the 19th century, was sometimes used to transcribe a palatal click, , a function since partly taken over by .
Related characters
Descendants and related letters in the Latin alphabet
U u : Latin letter U, originally the same letter as V
W w : Latin letter W, descended from U
Ỽ ỽ : Middle Welsh V
V with diacritics: Ṽ ṽ Ṿ ṿ Ʋ ʋ ᶌ
IPA-specific symbols related to V:
ᶹ : Modifier letter small v with hook is used in phonetic transcription
Ʌ ʌ ᶺ: Turned v
ⱴ : V with curl
Uralic Phonetic Alphabet-specific symbols related to V:
Ancestors and siblings in other alphabets
𐤅: Semitic letter Waw, from which the following symbols originally derive
Υ υ : Greek letter Upsilon, from which V derives
Y y : Latin letter Y, which, like V, also derives from Upsilon (but was taken into the alphabet at a later date)
Ѵ ѵ : Cyrillic letter izhitsa, also descended from Upsilon
У у : Cyrillic letter u, also descended from Upsilon via the digraph of omicron and upsilon
Ү ү : Cyrillic letter Ү, descended from У and izhitsa and used in the scripts for languages in the former Soviet Union and currently the Russian Federation, as well as in Mongolian. Most commonly it represents /y/ or /ʏ/.
Ligatures and abbreviations
∨: Logical disjunction
℣ : Versicle sign
Ꝟ ꝟ : Forms of V were used for medieval scribal abbreviations
Computing codes
1
Other representations
V is the symbol for vanadium. It is number 23 on the periodic table. Emerald derives its green coloring from either vanadium or chromium.
v, v., and vs can also be used as an abbreviation for the word versus when between two or more competing items (Ex: Brown v. Board of Education).
See also
V as 5, in Roman numerals
Dominant, in music theory
Vee
∨, logical disjunction
Check mark
Notes
References
External links
ISO basic Latin letters
John Howard Louis Lecompte (July 28, 1914 – February 21, 1970) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.
References
External links
John Lecompte at databaseOlympics
Louis Lecompte at Archives Canada
1914 births
1970 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
The chestnut-backed thornbird (Phacellodomus dorsalis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Peru. Its natural habitat is Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
chestnut-backed thornbird
Birds of the Puna grassland
Endemic birds of Peru
chestnut-backed thornbird
chestnut-backed thornbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
D. S. Ramanathan (Tamil: டி. எஸ். ராமநாதன்) was a Malaysian politician, mayor, teacher, unionist , Malayan Army and educationist of Ceylonese origin. He was a member as well as chairman of the Labour Party of Malaya, and subsequently joined the Malaysian Indian Congress. Besides that, Ramanathan also served as the first mayor for the city of George Town, and is credited for his pioneering efforts to set up a university in Penang. The idea of a university in Penang was first mooted by him in 1959 in the State Assembly and later crystallised when he was nominated chairman of the Penang University Project committee.
The Universiti Sains Malaysia opened in 1969 and is today one of the leading tertiary institutions of learning in Malaysia
Early life
D. S. Ramanathan was born to Sri Lanka Tamil family. He later married to Ruth Vanniasingham. D.S Ramanathan work as teacher on early days before joining politics. The former teacher, who began his career in Perak, was the president of the National Union of Teachers from 1959 to 1962 as well as vice-president of the Malayan Teachers National Congress from 1961-1962.
During that period, he was also an active member of the National Joint Council of Teachers. Even, after finishing his term as mayor, he was appointed as the headmaster of the Penang Pykett Methodist School. He died in 1973 in Kuala Lumpur.
Memorials
D. S. Ramanathan Road
Scott Road, a small road off Air Rajah Road, has been renamed in honour of Ramanathan.
References
Malaysian people of Indian descent
1973 deaths
Malaysian trade unionists
Malaysian people of Sri Lankan Tamil descent
Malaysian politicians of Tamil descent
Malaysian Christians
Malaysian socialists
Malaysian political party founders
Labour Party of Malaya politicians
Members of the Penang State Legislative Assembly
1908 births
Domnall mac Muirchertaig (died c. 566), called Domnall Ilchelgach (Domnall of the Many Deceits) and Domnall mac Maic Ercae, was said to be a High King of Ireland.
Domnall was a son of Muirchertach mac Muiredaig, and belonged to that part the northern branch of the Uí Néill—the kindred name is probably anachronistic in his time and dates from perhaps a generation later—which would later be known as the Cenél nEógain. Together with his brother Forggus, and perhaps also their kinsman Ainmuire mac Sétnai, he is said to have been High King following the death of Diarmait mac Cerbaill, whose enemy they had been. The beginning of their reign is conventionally dated to c. 565, based on the testimony of the Annals of Ulster, but recent studies have suggested that this is several years too late and that the dates in the Annals of Tigernach are more reliable in this period.
Domnall, Forggus and Ainmuire, perhaps with the aid of Áed mac Echach, King of Connacht defeated Diarmait mac Cerbaill at the Battle of Cúl Dreimhne in the early 560s, but Diarmait retained his hold on power. His authority may have been strengthened by the decisive defeat which Domnall, Forggus and their allies inflicted on the cruithne of Ulster at the battle of Móin Daire Lothair in the year following Cúl Dreimne. Domnall and Forggus are thought to have been recognised as Diarmait's successors after Cúl Dreimne. Their joint reign was short, a battle in the lands of the River Liffey in Leinster being recorded shortly before Domnall's death in about 566.
Domnall's sons Eochaid and Áed Uaridnach were reckoned High Kings and the great majority of Cenél nEógain kings counted as High Kings of Ireland were his descendants.
References
High Kings of Ireland
Kings of Ailech
566 deaths
6th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome (MDS or MDDS), or Alper's disease, is any of a group of autosomal recessive disorders that cause a significant drop in mitochondrial DNA in affected tissues. Symptoms can be any combination of myopathic, hepatopathic, or encephalomyopathic. These syndromes affect tissue in the muscle, liver, or both the muscle and brain, respectively. The condition is typically fatal in infancy and early childhood, though some have survived to their teenage years with the myopathic variant and some have survived into adulthood with the SUCLA2 encephalomyopathic variant. There is currently no curative treatment for any form of MDDS, though some preliminary treatments have shown a reduction in symptoms.
Signs and symptoms
All forms of MDDS are very rare. MDDS causes a wide range of symptoms, which can appear in newborns, infants, children, or adults, depending on the class of MDDS; within all class symptoms are also diverse.
In MDDS associated with mutations in TK2, infants generally develop normally, but by around two years of age, symptoms of general muscle weakness (called "hypotonia"), tiredness, lack of stamina, and difficulty feeding begin to appear. Some toddlers start to lose control of the muscles in their face, mouth, and throat, and may have difficulty swallowing. Motor skills that had been learned may be lost, but generally the functioning of the brain and ability to think are not affected.
In MDDS associated with mutations in SUCLA2 or SUCLG1 that primarily affect the brain and muscle, hypotonia generally arises in infants before they are 6 months old, their muscles begin wasting away, and there is delay in psychomotor learning (learning basic skills like walking, talking, and intentional, coordinated movement). The spine often begins to curve (scoliosis or kyphosis), and the child often has abnormal movements (dystonia, athetosis or chorea), difficulty feeding, acid reflux, hearing loss, stunted growth, and difficulty breathing that can lead to frequent lung infections. Sometime epilepsy develops.
In MDDS associated with mutations in RRM2B that primarily affect the brain and muscle, there is again hypotonia in the first months, symptoms of lactic acidosis like nausea, vomiting, and rapid deep breathing, failure to thrive including the head remaining small, delay or regression in moving, and hearing loss. Many body systems are affected. The Charlie Gard case was associated with this sub form of the disease.
In MDDS associated with mutations in DGUOK that primarily affect the brain and the liver, there are two forms. There is an early-onset form in which symptoms arise from problems in many organs in the first week of life, especially symptoms of lactic acidosis as well as low blood sugar. Within weeks of birth they can develop liver failure and the associated jaundice and abdominal swelling, and many neurological problems including developmental delays and regression, and uncontrolled eye movement. Rarely within this class of already rare diseases, symptoms only relating to liver disease emerge later in infancy or in childhood.
In MDDS associated with mutations in MPV17 that primarily affect the brain and the liver, the symptoms are similar to those caused by DGUOK and also emerge shortly after birth, generally with fewer and less severe neurological problems. There is a subset of people of Navajo descent who develop Navajo neurohepatopathy, who in addition to these symptoms also have easily broken bones that do not cause pain, deformed hands or feet, and problems with their corneas.
In MDDS associated with mutations in POLG that primarily affect the brain and the liver, the symptoms are very diverse and can emerge anytime from shortly after birth to old age. The first signs of the disease, which include intractable seizures and failure to meet meaningful developmental milestones, usually occur in infancy, after the first year of life, but sometimes as late as the fifth year. Primary symptoms of the disease are developmental delay, progressive intellectual disability, hypotonia (low muscle tone), spasticity (stiffness of the limbs) possibly leading to quadriplegia, and progressive dementia. Seizures may include epilepsia partialis continua, a type of seizure that consists of repeated myoclonic (muscle) jerks. Optic atrophy may also occur, often leading to blindness. Hearing loss may also occur. Additionally, although physical signs of chronic liver dysfunction may not be present, many people experience liver impairment leading to liver failure.
In MDDS associated with mutations in PEO1/C10orf2 that primarily affect the brain and the liver, symptoms emerge shortly after birth or in early infancy, with hypotonia, symptoms of lactic acidosis, enlarged liver, feeding problems, lack of growth, and delay of psychomotor skills. Neurologically, development is slowed or stopped, and epilepsy emerges, as do sensory problems like loss of eye control and deafness, and neuromuscular problems like a lack of reflexes, muscular atrophy, and twitching, and epilepsy.
In MDDS associated with mutations in the genes associated with mutations in ECGF1/TYMP that primarily affects the brain and the gastrointestinal tract, symptoms can emerge any time in the first fifty years of life; most often they emerge before the person turns 20. Weight loss is common as is a lack of the ability of the stomach and intestines to automatically expand and contract and thus move through it (called gastrointestinal motility) – this leads to feeling full after eating only small amounts of food, nausea, acid reflux, All affected individuals develop weight loss and progressive gastrointestinal dysmotility manifesting as early satiety, nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, and stomach pain and swelling. People also develop neuropathy, with weakness and tingling. There are often eye problems, and intellectual disability.
Causes
MDDS is caused by mutations that may be inherited from the parents or may form spontaneously during development of the fetus. MDDS is associated with mutations in the genes TK2, SUCLA2, RRM2B, DGUOK, POLG, TYMP, SUCLG1, and TWNK.
Myopathic MDS is strongly correlated to a variety of mutations in the gene TK2, seeing a reduction of TK2 activity to less than 32% in people with MDS found with the mutation. Because TK2 plays a key role in the mitochondrial salvage pathways of several deoxyribonucleoside triphosphates (dNTPs), a lowered activity would lead to less cycling of nucleotides. This lack of nucleotide recycling is detrimental since the mitochondria cannot synthesize entirely new deoxynucleotides, and the inner membrane of the mitochondria prevents the negatively charged nucleotides of the cytosol from entering.
The SUCLA2 gene codes for the beta-subunit of SCS-A. This enzyme catalyzes the synthesis of succinate and coenzyme A into succinyl-CoA, but is also associated with the complex formed by nucleoside diphosphate kinase (NDPK) in the last step of the dNTP salvage pathway.
The RRM2B gene, which is expressed in the cell nucleus, codes for one of two versions of the R2 subunit of ribonucleotide reductase, which generates nucleotide precursors required for DNA replication by reducing ribonucleoside diphosphates to deoxyribonucleoside diphosphates. The version of R2 encoded by RRM2B is induced by TP53, and is required for normal DNA repair and mtDNA synthesis in non-proliferating cells. The other form of R2 is expressed only in dividing cells.
The DGUOK gene encodes for mitochondrial deoxyguanosine kinase (dGK), which catalyzes the phosphorylation of deoxyribonucleosides into nucleotides. POLG encodes for the catalytic subunit pol γA, which is part of mitochondrial DNA polymerase.
Other causes are mutations of thymidine phosphorylase (TyMP), succinate-CoA ligase, alpha sub unit (SUCLG1) and TWNK (also known as PEO1 and C10orf2).
Diagnosis
MDDS is diagnosed based on systemic symptoms presenting in infants, followed by a clinical examination and laboratory tests (for example, high lactate levels are common) medical imaging, and usually is finally confirmed and formally identified by genetic testing.
Classification
MDDS are a group of genetic disorders that share a common pathology — a lack of functioning DNAs in mitochondria. There are generally four classes of MDDS:
a form that primarily affects muscle associated with mutations in the TK2 gene;
a form that primarily affects the brain and muscle associated with mutations in the genes SUCLA2, SUCLG1, or RRM2B;
a form that primarily affects the brain and the liver associated with mutations in DGUOK, MPV17, POLG, or TWNK (also called PEO1); and
a form that primarily affects the brain and the gastrointestinal tract associated with mutations in ECGF1 (also called TYMP).
Treatment
There are no treatments for MDDS, but some of the symptoms can be managed. For survivors living with MDDS, there are drugs to control epilepsy, and physical therapy can help with muscle control. Liver transplants may benefit people with liver involvement.
Prognosis
Myopathic form
The TK2 related myopathic form results in muscle weakness, rapidly progresses, leading to respiratory failure and death within a few years of onset. The most common cause of death is pulmonary infection. Only a few people have survived to late childhood and adolescence.
Encephalomyopathic form
SUCLA2 and RRM2B related forms result in deformities to the brain. A 2007 study based on 12 cases from the Faroe Islands (where there is a relatively high incidence due to a founder effect) suggested that the outcome is often poor with early lethality. More recent studies (2015) with 50 people with SUCLA2 mutations, with range of 16 different mutations, show a high variability in outcomes with a number of people surviving into adulthood (median survival was 20 years). There is significant evidence (p = 0.020) that people with missense mutations have longer survival rates, which might mean that some of the resulting protein has some residual enzyme activity.
RRM2B mutations have been reported in 16 infants with severe encephalomyopathic MDS that is associated with early-onset (neonatal or infantile), multi-organ presentation, and mortality during infancy.
Hepatopathic form
DGUOK, POLG, and MPV17 related forms result in defects to the liver. Liver dysfunction is progressive in the majority of individuals with both forms of DGUOK-related MDS and is the most common cause of death. For children with the multi-organ form, liver transplantation provides no survival benefit.
Liver disease typically progresses to liver failure in affected children with MPV17-related MDS and liver transplantation remains the only treatment option for liver failure. Approximately half of affected children reported did not undergo liver transplantation and died because of progressive liver failure – the majority during infancy or early childhood. A few children were reported to survive without liver transplantation.
Research
Nucleoside bypass therapy is an experimental treatment aimed to restore the normal levels of deoxyribonucleotides (dNTPs) in mitochondria.
See also
Charlie Gard case
References
External links
Autosomal recessive disorders
Mitochondrial diseases
Rare syndromes
The National Rural Transit Assistance Program (National RTAP) is a program of the Federal Transit Administration administered by the Neponset Valley Transportation Management Association and serves as the national arm for the Rural Transit Assistance Program.
The mission of National RTAP is to improve mobility in all rural, small urban, and tribal communities across the country through technical assistance and training for transit providers. Since its inception in 1987 National RTAP has developed and distributed training materials, provided technical assistance, generated reports, published best practices, conducted research and offered Peer Assistance with the goal of improved mobility for the millions of Americans living in communities with populations under 50,000.
External links
Federal Transit Administration (FTA)
National RTAP
References
Transportation in the United States
Jake and the Kid are a collection of short stories by W. O. Mitchell, originally published in 1961. Many stories in the series appeared in Maclean's prior to the book's publication. Mitchell also published a sequel volume, According to Jake and the Kid, in 1989.
Overview
Set in the 1940s and 1950s, "The Kid" is at the centre of stories of a boy on a farm in fictional Crocus, Saskatchewan, Canada. Jake is the hired hand who helps the Kid's mother run the farm who now keeps the Kid abreast of events in the greater world and in Crocus.
The Kid's teacher, Miss Henchbaw, is unfairly dismissed by the school board until her friends fight back in the story "Will of the People"; Chet Lambert of the Crocus Breeze is hauled into court for comparing George Solway with Malleable Brown's goat in "The Face Is Familiar," resulting in a courtroom confrontation unrivalled in the history of Canadian jurisprudence; and "Political Dynamite" shows the men terrified by women curlers threatening to vote en bloc in the upcoming town election.
The town is rich not only in disputes but characters, from Repeat Golightly in the barbershop to Old Man Sherry, the town's oldest inhabitant. Throughout the series of stories, many entertainers come through town: Belva Taskey, the sweet songstress ("Lo! The Noble Redskin!") and her memorable poetry reading; The Great Doctor Suhzee, the hypnotist; and Professor Noble Winesinger, whose snake-oil remedies had been known to turn his customers black.
Adaptations
Radio
Mitchell began to write the Jake and the Kid radio series for CBC Radio in 1950. The radio series continued until 1956 with over 300 episodes produced.
Television
Two television adaptations have been produced, the 1961 Jake and the Kid for CBC Television, starring Murray Westgate as Jake and Rex Hagon as Ben, and the 1995 Jake and the Kid for Global with Shaun Johnston as Jake and Ben Campbell as Ben.
Awards
The book won the Stephen Leacock Award in 1962.
References
Canadian short story collections
1961 short story collections
CBC Radio One programs
Canadian radio dramas
Saskatchewan in fiction
Works originally published in Maclean's
Works by W. O. Mitchell
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) is the trade association for the United Kingdom motor industry. Its role is to "promote the interests of the UK automotive industry at home and abroad."
History
SMMT was founded by Frederick Richard Simms on 16 July 1902. In January 1959 it moved to Forbes House, Halkin Street, Belgravia, and in August 2011 it moved into its current offices at 71 Great Peter Street, London.
Motor Show
One of its early functions was holding motor shows, the earliest of which was at Crystal Palace in January 1903 (now known as the British International Motor Show). The Motor Industry Research Association (MIRA) was formed in 1946. In 1978, the Motor Show moved to the National Exhibition Centre. In 2006, the Motor Show returned to London at ExCel in 2006.
Vehicle registrations
In July 1972 it started the Motor Vehicle Registration Information System (MVRIS), which works on behalf of the government to collate data about new registrations of vehicles. Data is obtained from vehicle manufacturers and/or importers and the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency. Figures are released on the fourth working day of every month and detailed analysis is available for purchase.
Consumer protection
The Motor Industry Code of Practice for New Cars was launched in 2004, which provides trading standards for consumers, via automotive traders who are registered with the Motor Codes code of practice. The UK car industry has had a reputation of a minority of garages and repair companies giving consumers a less-than-satisfactory level of performance, with (generally) female consumers being cynically targeted for excessive costs for maintaining their cars. Call-out charges for repairs and roadside breakdowns have been known to be uncompetitively high. The Motor Industry Code of Practice for Service and Repair was launched in August 2008 to correct any cowboy practices of financial manipulation. More than 4,000 garages across the UK now are registered with this scheme. It was claimed by the National Consumer Council that substandard repair work by UK garages was costing consumers around £4 billion a year.
Activities
The organisation "promotes the interests of the UK automotive industry at home and abroad" for a sector that produced 1.6 million vehicles - including cars and commercial vehicles - and 2.71 million engines in the UK (2018) and employs a UK workforce of more than 823,000. The organisation advocates and lobbies on behalf of the sector, in particular for vehicle and component manufacturers, and the motor retail sector.
It settles any disputes on cars in the UK that are still under warranty. It monitors combined sales of cars in the UK.
Each year in May, it holds the SMMT Test Day for invited motoring journalists at General Motors' Millbrook Proving Ground at Millbrook, Bedfordshire.
Lobbying
Scientists on the Climate Change Committee advised a total ban of petrol and diesel engine sales including for hybrids by 2032 to meet the UK government's decarbonisation goals. The SMMT lobbied the government to delay this ban. The resulting delay was a "significant victory for the car industry" according to The Guardian.
Structure
Aside from the Secretariat, who run the organisation on a daily basis with around 80 staff in 13 departments, and the Executive, there are many working groups and technical committees for trade sectors, and for research and marketing topics in the car industry. The future of the British automotive industry is facing many technical challenges with strict EU emission legislation, and the introduction of electric and fuel cell vehicles.
See also
Automobile safety
Euro NCAP
Good Garage Scheme
Transport Research Laboratory
Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents
References
External links
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders official website
Motor Codes
SMMT Industry Forum Ltd
Europe-wide motor manufacturer organisations
Video clips
Low carbon buses at Energy Live News
Vince Cable and low carbon vehicles
1902 establishments in the United Kingdom
Automobile associations in the United Kingdom
Automotive industry in the United Kingdom
Motor trade associations
Non-profit organisations based in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the City of Westminster
Organizations established in 1902
Trade associations based in the United Kingdom
In the mythology of Mangaia in the Cook Islands, the Tapairu are elves or fairies, who are named after the four daughters of Miru, the deformed goddess of the underworld. They were said to have been present when mortals danced in honor of their brother, Tau-Titi. They were also associated with the god Tane.
References
R.D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989), 33–34;
W.W. Gill, Myths and Songs of the South Pacific (H.S. King: London, 1876), 256–7.
Mangaia mythology
Polynesian legendary creatures
The Oskaloosa Fire Station is a historic building located in Oskaloosa, Iowa, United States. It was designed by Des Moines architect Frank E. Wetherell, an Oskaloosa native, in the Renaissance Revival style. It was originally designed along with the adjoining city hall in 1905. The buildings were designed for phased construction, and the city council decided to build the fire station first. Completed in 1908, it is a three-story brick building with a 4½-story bell tower. The fire station was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. Previously it had been included as a contributing property in the Oskaloosa City Square Commercial Historic District.
References
Fire stations completed in 1908
Oskaloosa, Iowa
Renaissance Revival architecture in Iowa
Buildings and structures in Mahaska County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Mahaska County, Iowa
Fire stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Iowa
1908 establishments in Iowa
Manes, Mánes or Mánes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonín Mánes (1784–1843), Czech painter
Donald R. Manes (1934–1986), borough president of Queens, New York
Édouard Manès (1835–1898), governor general of French India
Gina Manès (1893–1989), French film actress
Josef Mánes (1820–1871), Czech painter
Michelle Manes, American mathematician
Pablo Curatella Manes (1891–1963), Argentine painter
Quido Mánes (1828–1880), Czech painter
See also
Mánes Union of Fine Arts, a Czech arts organization
Mannes, a surname
Mane (disambiguation)
Mani (disambiguation)
Manassas (disambiguation)
Manasses (disambiguation)
Dorudzan (, also Romanized as Dorūdzan and Drūdzan) also previously known as Chirkisabad, in reference to its Circassian inhabitants, is a village in Dorudzan Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,617, in 393 families.
References
Populated places in Marvdasht County
is a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party and a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). After living in Choshi, Chiba and graduating from Nihon University, he was elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 2002 after serving in the assembly of Chiba Prefecture for four terms.
References
External links
Official website in Japanese.
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Living people
1952 births
Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) politicians
Nihon University alumni
Mindaugas Sadauskas (born 14 June 1990) is a Lithuanian swimmer who specialized in sprint freestyle events. He is a multiple-time Lithuanian champion, who represented his country at the FINA World Championships, LEN European Championships and other international competition. Sadauskas also represented Lithuania at the London Olympic Games in 2012. He has seven national level records at the moment. Sadauskas is also a member of the swimming team for SMU Mustangs at the Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. Sadauskas achieved multiple gold medals at the Conference USA while studying at the SMU.
Personal life
Sadauskas was born in Panevezys, Lithuania, the son of Laima and Vygantas. He attended Panevezio Zemynos secondary school and represented his swim school all over the world. He graduated from high school in 2009. Sadauskas represented the Southern Methodist University and SMU Mustangs for four years with remarkable achievements. He received a Bachelor of Art degree from Southern Methodist University in 2014. After receiving a bachelor's degree, Sadauskas moved to Plymouth, England, where he extended his swimming skills and also received a Masters of Science degree in International Logistics and Chain Supply Management in 2016. His swimming career started when he qualified for the European Youth Olympic Festival in 2005. In 2018 Sadauskas married Bulgarian Olympic swimmer Nina Rangelova.
Career
2009
In 2009, Sadauskas won his first ever individual title at the Conference USA Championships in Houston, Texas, posting a time of 0:44:18 sec. in the 100 yard Freestyle event.
At the 2009 FINA World Championships in Rome, Italy, Sadauskas represented Lithuania and placed 36th in the 100 m Freestyle event. He posted his new personal best time 0:49:26 sec. in the preliminary heats. However, he missed the semifinals by less than a second. Besides that, Sadauskas set an individual-split time of 48.90 seconds, and a national record of 3:16.47, along with his teammates Vytautas Janušaitis, Paulius Viktoravičius, and Mindaugas Margis, in the men's 400 m freestyle relay at the 2009 FINA World Championships in Rome, Italy. He also competed in the 50 m Freestyle event.
2010-2011
In 2010, Sadauskas took four gold medals in the individual events at the Conference USA Championships in Houston, Texas. He posted a time of 0:43:03 sec. in the 100yard Freestyle that qualified for NCAA Championship.
At the 2011 FINA World Championships in Shanghai, China, Sadauskas placed 29th in the 100 m Freestyle event with the time 0:49:66 sec. He also competed in the 50 m Freestyle and placed 34th place. Sadauskas in both events failed to advance into the semifinals.
Sadauskas represented Lithuania and Southern Methodist University at the XXVI Universiade Games in Shenzhen, China. He posted a time of 0:50:14 sec. and took 8th place in the final of the 100m. Freestyle event.
2012 Summer Olympics
Sadauskas qualified for the men's 100 m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by breaking a meet record and eclipsing a FINA B-standard entry time of 49.54 seconds from the Open Luxembourg Nationals in Luxembourg City.. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he challenged seven other Olympians in the fifth heat, including three-time Olympian and UC Berkeley graduate Dominik Meichtry of Switzerland. Sadauskas edged out Meichtry to take a fourth spot by 0.17 of a second, outside his entry time of 49.78 seconds. Sadauskas failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed twenty-eighth overall in the preliminaries.
Besides that, Sadauskas competed at the FINA World Short Course Championship in Istanbul, Turkey. He qualified for the 100 m Freestyle semifinals with a time of 0:47:82 sec. However, he failed to advance to the final and placed 16th place.
2013-2014
In 2013, Sadauskas swam the second fastest time in the 100 m Freestyle in SMU Mustangs history at the Conference USA Houston, Texas with a time of 0:42.77 sec. and qualified for the NCAA Championship.
Sadauskas also raced at the Arena Grand Prix Mesa, Arizona where he finished 4th in the 100 m Freestyle with a time of 0:49:78 sec. Sadauskas was left behind by an Olympian champion Nathan Adrian, Richard Berens and another Olympian Darian Townsend.
In the summer of 2013, Sadauskas competed at the XXVII Universiade Games in Kazan, Russia. During his performances, he qualified to the semifinals in the 50 m Freestyle and ended up in the 14th place with a time of 0:23:02 sec.
At the 2013 FINA World Championships in Barcelona, Spain, Sadauskas participated in the 50m. and 100 m. Freestyle events. However, he failed to advance to the finals. Besides that, Sadauskas and his teammates Danas Rapsys, Giedrius Titenis and Tadas Duskinas participated in the 400 Medley Relay were they placed in 13th place with a new national record of 3:36:72. Sadauskas also set an individual-split time of 0:48:76seconds.
At the 2013 LEN European Short Course Championship in Herning, Denmark, Sadauskas and his teammates Danas Rapsys, Giedrius Titenis and Tadas Duskinas were 4th in the 200Medley Relay with a time of 1:35:26sec. which was also a new national record.
At the 2014 LEN European Long Course Championship in Berlin, Germany, Sadauskas placed two 7th places along with his teammates Danas Rapsys, Giedrius Titenis and Tadas Duskinas in the 400Medley Relay and 400Freestyle Relay with the times of 3:36:18 and 3:19:91seconds.
In 2014, FINA 12th World Short Course Championships in Doha, Qatar, was another competition were Sadauskas placed 7th and 11th places. In the 200Medley Relay with a time of 1:34:35sec, which was also a new national record and 400Medley Relay with a time of 3:28:76 seconds.
2015 season
Sadauskas competed at the International de Canet-en-Roussillon Meet, Canet-En-Rousillon, France, where he was 8th in the 100 m Freestyle event with a time of 0:49:54 seconds.
At the 52nd. Sette Colli International Trophy Meet in Rome, Italy, Sadauskas participated in the 100 m Freestyle event and was 6th with a time of 0:49:68 seconds and in the 50 m Freestyle event Sadauskas was 8th with a time of 0:22:54 seconds.
At the FINA 16th World Championship in Kazan, Russia, Sadauskas and his Lithuanian teammates Danas Rapsys, Giedrius Titenis and Tadas Duskinas made 2016 Summer Olympics qualification standard. Sadauskas was part of the 400Medley Relay which was 12th overall and qualified for the Rio 2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2015 LEN European Championship in Netanya, Israel, Sadauskas surprised Lithuania and the world with a new Lithuanian national record in the 100 m Freestyle event, which was 21-years-old. Overall, Sadauskas placed 7th with a time of 0:47:18 seconds.
Personal best times
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Lithuanian male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Lithuania
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Panevėžys
SMU Mustangs men's swimmers
The Sofia tram network is a vital part of the public transportation system of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. It began operation on January 1, 1901. As of 2006, the tram system included approximately of narrow and standard gauge one-way track. Most of the track is narrow gauge (), with standard gauge () used on lines 20, 22 and 23 and accounting for approximately of the system's track length.
History
On 1 December 1898 the capital municipality gave concessions for building tram lines to French and Belgian companies . Construction took place for a little more than a year and the first tram line was inaugurated on 1 January 1901. Initially the population was served by 25 motor cars and 10 trailers which covered six lines with total length of and a gauge of .
In the period between 1901 and 1931 large numbers of motor cars and trailers were purchased from different European manufacturers. In 1931 Bulgaria started building their own carriages under the supervision of the engineer Teodosiy Kardalev. These were known as Kardalev's carriages. In 1936 the first Bulgarian motor cars were produced under the brand DTO (Дирекция на трамваите и осветлението - Direktsia na tramvaite i osvetlenieto: Department for trams and lighting, owned by Sofia municipality). Initially old frames were used for the production.
In 1934 the first large tram depot was built in the Krasno selo district. In 1951 there was constructed a factory to build newer model tram cars.
In 1951 the T4M-221 (Republic), which is considered the highest quality Bulgarian tram, was produced in DTO. The T4M-221 is the first Bulgarian four-row tram. The "Republic" model was in production in 1951 and 1959, bearing the numbers 221 to 240. They also had trailers numbered 521-544. The motor cars, along with their trailers, mainly worked on line 5. They were assigned to the Krasno Selo tram depot (later Krasna Polyana). In 1981 motor car 240 and wagon 540 were rebuilt and put into operation for about a year. The 240 motor car and trailer 538 are still alive today and expected to be restored. The original stock was 240 + 540, but 540 disappears from the Krasna Polyana depot in unexplained circumstances and again in unexpected circumstances trailer 538 is found. The ,,Republika" model was in operation until 1978.
This tram manufacturer (known as Трамваен завод - Tramvaen zavod: Tram plant) was named "Трамкар" (Tramkar: Tram car) in 1990 and was a registered company Tramkar till 2008. Through 1959 it produced 155 DTO and Republika motors, which were the first fully Bulgarian-built trams. The last tram, T8M-900 was delivered in 1991 and is still in use. Since then the factory has been used to repair and renovate old trams.
In 2017 the network was complemented with 28 second-hand Be 4/6 S "gherkin" trams partly donated from the BVB section of the tram network of Basel. The trams were constructed in 1990-91 and had low-floor sections inserted in their centre in 1997-99. They replaced older vehicles on lines 6, 8 and 12.
Sofia's first standard gauge tram line was opened in 1987. Until that time all lines were nominally metre gauge, but actually constructed to a width of . Eight years later, in 1995, the second standard gauge line was finished. No other tram lines have been built since then, as Sofia has focused its efforts on the construction of its metro system.
Lines
As of May 2022, the following lines operate:
Gallery
See also
List of tram and light rail transit systems
Sofia Metro
Sofia Public Transport
Trolleybuses in Sofia
References
External links
Sofia Urban Mobility Center: Urban Transport – Route network
Sofia (trams) at UrbanRail.net
Transport in Sofia
Sofia
Narrow gauge railways in Bulgaria
Tram transport in Europe
1901 in rail transport
The 1927 Frankford Yellow Jackets season was their fourth in the National Football League. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 14–1–2, winning only six league games to finish in seventh place in the league standings.
Schedule
Standings
Players
Carl Davis, end, tackle, guard
Bill Donohoe, back
Joey Maxwell, center, end
Frank McGrath, end
Dick Moynihan, fullback, blocking back
Pete Richards, center
Ned Wilcox, back
References
Frankford Yellow Jackets seasons
Frankford Yellow Jackets
Frankford Yellow Jackets
The Guinea-Bissau women's national football team represents Guinea-Bissau in international women's football. It is governed by the Football Federation of Guinea-Bissau. It has played in two FIFA-recognised matches, both in 2006 against Guinea. The country also has a national under-17 side which participated in the 2012 Confederation of African Football qualifiers for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. Football is the most popular women's sport in the country. A women's football programme was established in 2004, followed by the creation of a women's national league.
History
In 1985, few countries had women's national football teams. While the sport gained popularity worldwide in the ensuing years, Guinea-Bissau's team only began play more than two decades later. By the end of 2006, the team had played in two FIFA-recognised matches. The first was on 28 October 2006 against Guinea in Bissau, which ended in a 1–1 tie after Guinea-Bissau led 1–0 at half-time. On 12 November 2006, the team played in their second FIFA-recognised match in Conakry, where Guinea-Bissau lost to Guinea 1–3. At the time, the team held three training sessions a week. The team has not participated in some of the major international and regional football competitions, including the Women's World Cup, the 2010 African Women's Championship and the 2011 All-Africa Games.
The team's average FIFA world ranking since 2006 is 119th. Its highest-ever ranking was 92nd in December 2009, and its lowest ranking was 144th in December 2007. Guinea-Bissau's best-ever rise in the rankings came in March 2008, when the team climbed 23 places compared to its previous FIFA ranking. In March 2012, the team was ranked the 135th in the world by FIFA and 30th in the Confederation of African Football (CAF). In June 2012, they moved up five spots to 130th in the world but fell to 33rd in Africa.
Guinea-Bissau has a FIFA recognised under-17 football team, which was established in 2006 but did not play any matches that year. The team competed in the CAF qualifiers for the FIFA U-17 World Cup to be held in Azerbaijan in September 2012. They did not advance beyond regional qualifiers.
Background and development
The development of women's football in Africa faces several challenges, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women, inequalities and human rights abuses targeting women. Many quality football players leave to seek greater opportunities in Europe or the United States. Funding for women's football in Africa is also an issue with most of the financial assistance for women's football coming from FIFA, and not the national football associations.
Guinea-Bissau won its independence in 1974, the same year its national football federation, Football Federation of Guinea-Bissau, was founded. The federation became a FIFA affiliate in 1986. Women's football is provided for in the constitution of the Football Federation of Guinea-Bissau, and the organisation has four full-time staff members focusing on it.
Football is the country's most popular sport for women, and is supported by football programmes in schools. A national women's football programme was established in 2004. By 2006, the country had 80 total football clubs, five of which were mixed and three of which were for women only. There were 380 registered female players, and a women's teams played in a national football championship. Three years later, there were 24 active women's teams in Guinea-Bissau.
Home stadium
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
Coaching staff
Managers
(???–2021) Lassana Cassamá
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on 10 October 2021 for the 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Guinea-Bissau squad in the past 12 months.
Records
Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
Africa Women Cup of Nations record
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
WAFU Women's Cup record
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Djibouti national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.
Key
Record per opponent
*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.
Key
The following table shows Djibouti's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in Guinea-Bissau
Football in Guinea-Bissau
Women's football in Guinea-Bissau
References
External links
FIFA profile
National team
African women's national association football teams
Tom Taylor (born 10 February 1985) is an English footballer.
Career
Professional
Taylor came up through the ranks in the youth academies of English clubs Walsall and Derby County, but made his professional debut in Norway at the age of 19 after being signed by Viking FK manager Roy Hodgson.
After brief spells at Grimsby Town, Walsall and a one-month loan at non-League side Halesowen Town in England, Taylor moved to the United States to play with the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division in 2007.
Moving back to the UK, Taylor was signed by Wrexham manager Brian Little in August 2008, but only saw limited action in the Wrexham squad as the club struggled in the Conference National.
Taylor was announced as a Real Maryland Monarchs player on 10 February 2009, scoring in his first game for the Monarchs, and helping the Monarchs reach the play-offs for the first time in their history.
Taylor signed for Wilmington Hammerheads in February 2011, his most recent club to date.
References
External links
Real Maryland Monarchs bio
1985 births
Living people
English footballers
Portland Timbers (2001–2010) players
Walsall F.C. players
Viking FK players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Halesowen Town F.C. players
Real Maryland F.C. players
Wilmington Hammerheads FC players
USL First Division players
USL Second Division players
USL Championship players
Association football midfielders
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
English expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Moving Mountains is an American rock band from Purchase, New York. Combining elements of emo and post-rock, the band has often been compared to such acts as The Appleseed Cast and Thrice.
History
Formation and Pneuma (2005–2009)
Moving Mountains was formed in Westchester, New York in 2005 by Gregory Dunn (guitar/vocals) and Nicholas Pizzolato (drums). A self-titled demo was leaked to the public in early 2006 and their debut album Pneuma was released independently in early 2007. Later that year, Frank Graniero (guitar/vocals) and Mitchell Lee (bass) completed the band's line-up. In 2008, Pneuma was reissued by Deep Elm Records.
The album was written by Gregory Dunn. His lyrical inspiration was the death of his friend.
The track titled "8105" represents the date August 1, 2005 when the band was officially formed by both Gregory Dunn and Nicholas Pizzolato.
An EP, Foreword was released on December 11, 2008.
Waves and self-titled album (2010–present)
Their second full-length album Waves was released May 11, 2011 on Triple Crown Records. The band has stated that Triple Crown Records let them record and write the album however they wanted to. The lyrics were written by Gregory Dunn, some of which, like Pneuma, were again written about his friend that had died. He has stated that this is the last album with lyrics about his deceased friend. With the album they wanted to create an album that would reflect how they play live.
An EP entitled New Light, which featured acoustic re-interpretations of two songs from Pneuma and two songs from Waves, was released on April 24, 2012.
Their self-titled third full-length album Moving Mountains was released on September 10, 2013 on Triple Crown Records.
In December, 2015, Moving Mountains announced a split EP with the band Prawn, as well as a three city tour the weekend of December 18 to 20. Cities included were Philadelphia, Brooklyn, and Cambridge. They toured with Prawn and Moneen.
Music
An excerpt from their Myspace.com profile explains how they approach their musical endeavors: "For some bands, there is a core vision and purpose that shines through from beginning to the end. For others, there is an evolution of an idea, a constant metamorphosis whose end and scope is unknown. For Moving Mountains, the evolution not only encapsulates their music, but a larger overarching concept of what defines ‘Moving Mountains'. That isn't to say that the Purchase, NY quartet have an artier than thou complex, but it does touch on an evolving aesthetic undercurrent and a belief that a band can create an experiential vision that goes beyond music."
Their influences include Hammock and The Album Leaf.
Moving Mountains tracks "Aphelion", "Fourth", and "8105" have been used on MTV's College Life, 16 and Pregnant, and Teen Mom.
"Aphelion" has been used for a trailer for AMC's television drama series Mad Men.
Touring
Moving Mountains has toured extensively since releasing Pneuma, including runs with such bands as Coheed and Cambria, Thrice, Thursday, The Fall of Troy, Straylight Run, Brian Bonz, Say Anything, Moneen, Eisley, Pompeii, All The Day Holiday, The Dear Hunter, Prawn, and Polar Bear Club.
Moving Mountains performed at Bamboozle, on May 2, 2010.
On November 3, 2010, they were announced as support for Scottish band Biffy Clyro on a tour of North America. Moving Mountains were announced to play every date of the 2011 Vans Warped tour from June 24, 2011 in Dallas TX, through to August 14, 2011 in Hillsboro, OR. Moving Mountains was announced as support for Thrice on their tour for Major/Minor, along with La Dispute and O'Brother. Moving Mountains accompanied prog band Coheed and Cambria and screamo/post-hardcore band Pianos Become the Teeth on a short US tour in the spring of 2012.
Band members
Gregory Dunn – lead vocals, rhythm guitar, trombone (2005–present)
Nicholas Pizzolato – drums (2005–present)
Mitchell Lee – bass (2007–present)
Joshua Kirby – lead guitar, piano, backing vocals (2011–present)
Past members
Frank Graniero – lead guitar, backing vocals (2007–2011)
Discography
Albums
Pneuma (2007, self-released; reissue 2008, Deep Elm Records; vinyl, Count Your Lucky Stars Records)
Waves (2011, Triple Crown Records)
Moving Mountains (2013, Triple Crown Records)
EPs
Moving Mountains (2006, self-released)
Foreword (2008, self-released; reissue 2012, Topshelf Records)
New Light (2012, Triple Crown Records)
Music videos
"Lights and Shapes" (2009)
"The Cascade" (2011)
"Alleviate" (2012)
References
External links
Facebook profile
American post-rock groups
Indie rock musical groups from New York (state)
Musical groups established in 2005
People from Purchase, New York
Triple Crown Records artists
Topshelf Records artists
Count Your Lucky Stars Records artists
Laiuse Romani was a Romani variety spoken in Estonia. It was a mixed language based on Romani and Estonian.
The Romani people first appeared in Estonia in the 17th century. According to rumors, they were first part of Swedish King Charles XII's Romani orchestra which he, after spending a winter in Laiuse, left behind. In 1841 all 44 Estonian Romani were collected and settled around Laiuse Parish. Their main stop was Raaduvere village, but they also lived in Rakvere, Jõgeva and its precincts. Before the Second World War there were 60 Romani in Laiuse. Laiuse Romani became extinct in the German occupation, when all its speakers were killed by the Nazis during the Porajmos.
Linguistic features
Laiuse Romani shares a number of linguistic features with Finnish Kalo, such as palatalization of velar consonants before front vowels and initial devoicing.
Notes
References
Romani in Estonia
Para-Romani
Languages of Estonia
Extinct languages of Europe
Mixed languages
Jõgeva Parish
The white-bellied tit (Melaniparus albiventris) is a species of bird in the family Paridae.
It is found in Cameroon, Kenya, Nigeria, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The white-bellied tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade.
References
white-bellied tit
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
white-bellied tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sport Week was a weekly sports newspaper based in Patras in the Achaea prefecture in Greece. It was first published in 1999 from S Media Group S.A.. It had many pages and these pages features news from all the athletic information from Achaea, Etoloakarnania, Ilia, Kefalonia and Zakynthos.
See also
List of newspapers in Greece
References
''The first version of the article is translated and is based from the article at the Greek Wikipedia (el:Main Page)
Greek-language newspapers
Newspapers published in Patras
Publications established in 1999
Sports mass media in Greece
Sports newspapers
Weekly newspapers published in Greece
RCS MediaGroup newspapers
1999 establishments in Greece
The river chub (Nocomis micropogon) is a minnow in the family Cyprinidae. It is one of the most common fishes in North American streams.
Appearance and anatomy
The river chub is a robust minnow, dark olivaceous above to dusky yellow below, with orange-red fins, large scales, a large slightly subterminal mouth, and a small barbel (whisker-like organ) at the corners of the jaw. During the breeding season, sexually mature males develop pinkish-purple coloration, and swollen heads with tubercles between the eyes and snout tip (they are sometimes called hornyheads). The river chub grows to a maximum of about , with males larger than females. Common length is about .
Distribution
The river chub is among the most common fishes in North American streams. Its range extends primarily through most of the Great Lakes and Appalachian regions. The river chub is found in clear, medium to large creeks and rivers with moderate to swift current over rock and gravel substrate, from southeast Ontario and southern New York to Michigan and Indiana, south to northwest South Carolina to northwest Alabama. This includes the Susquehanna River system, James River system, Great Lakes basin (except Lake Superior), Ohio River basin, Santee River, Savannah River, and Coosa River. It has been introduced into the Ottawa River system in Ontario, and may owe its presence in the Santee, Savannah and Coosa Rivers to introduction by fishermen emptying bait buckets.
The river chub is generally considered widespread and abundant with no apparent major threats. Exceptions are Illinois, where it is considered Critically Imperiled in its very limited range on the Wabash River; Alabama, where it is considered Imperiled; and in Georgia it is ranked as Vulnerable (NatureServe conservation status). Populations in Ohio have been extirpated by turbidity and siltation in western regions and are threatened by acid mine drainage in the coal region. Also, dams have inundated areas that were once habitat for the river chub eliminating bits of its range.
Ecology
The river chub is prey for larger fish and is used as bait by fishermen seeking large game fish such as bass and catfish. Its diet consists primarily of aquatic invertebrates. One study of river chub stomach contents in western New York found that insects were 70% of the volume of food consumed, plants or protists 20% (mainly filamentous algae), crustaceans 5% (primarily Cambarus), and mollusks 4% (primarily gastropods), plus a few fish and arachnids. Caddisfly larvae and fly larvae (primarily Simulium and Chironomus) made up just over half the total food consumed. Mayflies (mainly baetids) were about 6% of the total. Other insects consumed were Coleoptera (beetles), Hemiptera (true bugs), Hymenoptera (bees, wasps, and ants), Plecoptera (stoneflies), Neuroptera (net-winged insects like laceflies), and Lepidoptera (butterflies and moths).
The river chub presence in a stream is a good indicator of water quality. They are intolerant of pollution, turbidity and siltation, and require a minimum pH 6.0. They provide ecological services to mussels (as glochidia host), and nest associates, some of which may not spawn in its absence. Fresh-water mussels release small masses of microscopic larvae known as glochidia in a loose gelatinous matrix. The glochidia encyst on the gills of river chubs where they metamorphose into juveniles and then drop off. It is suspected that the river chub feeds on the gelatinous masses as it does drifting insects. The river chub is host to mussels including the endangered fine-rayed pigtoe, Tennessee clubshell and probably many other amblemine glochidia.
Nest associates of the river chub include species of the Clinostomus, Luxilus, Lythrurus, Notropis, Phoxinus, Rhinichthys, and Semotilus genera. Preference for river chub nests by nest associates may be due to a lack of spawning habitat for some species, but some require the association with pebble nest builders to reproduce. For example, in an effort to establish a more viable population, pebble nest associate Phoxinus cumberlandensis was bred in aquaria with a man made pebble nest, and milt from a breeding male river chub was added to induce spawning. Nest associates and host may equally benefit from their affiliation. Also, hybridization among nest associates is not uncommon. One example is the Nocomis micropogon X Rhinichthys cataractae which is sometimes identified as Rhinichthys bowersi.
Life history
The river chub lives up to 5 years, reaching sexual maturity in its second year. In late spring the breeding male builds a pebble nest close to the bank of the stream in low to moderate current. Females produce about 500-1000 ova that are probably spread among several different males' nests. The pebble nest also provides spawning habitat for several other minnow species.
In early spring the adult male river chub undergoes pronounced changes in his appearance in preparation for breeding. His head swells and grows well-developed tubercles from eyes to snout tip. Small tubercles grow on the outer part of his first several pectoral fin rays and his body develops a pinkish-purple coloration. When the water temperature reaches 16°-19 °C he finds an area in low to moderate current, typically 0.5-1m deep and begins to build a pebble nest. Nest construction begins with the river chub male creating a shallow depression 0.5-1m in diameter by removing the stones with his mouth and depositing them on the lateral margins. Next, collecting a relatively uniform set of up 10,000 pebbles about 1 cm in size from as far away as 25m, he builds a short platform and then a 20–30 cm high circular mound with a central trough on the upstream slope. When a gravid female enters the trough he presses her against the side by placing his caudal peduncle over hers and lodging her head between his opercle and pectoral fin. She produces 500-1000 ova, probably among several nests. The male fans the nest and defends it from rivals with head butting and circle swim behaviors.
The eggs hatch in 5–6 days and the larvae grows to become a 19mm long juvenile in about 57 days. At two years the river chub is 95-110mm and sexually mature. Its maximum life span is 5 years and it can grow up to 33 cm. In addition to the breeding male's changes, other sexual dimorphic characters include slightly larger paired, anal, and dorsal fins in the female, and faster growth rate and larger size in the male. For example, a typical four-year-old male is about 18 cm and female about 13 cm.
Current management
River chub is one of the most common fishes in its range. About 20% of North American minnows are considered imperiled. None of the imperiled is a mound builder like the river chub. The main threats it faces are pollution, siltation, and habitat destruction primarily by dam building. Like many minnow species it requires flowing water over coarse substrate to reproduce so dams impact its range negatively. Dams can also trap the stone and gravel sediments and keep them from replenishing the waters below. This sediment-starved condition has impacted some species, such as the redd nesting northern hog sucker and black redhorse, that require natural deposits of coarse material to spawn, but typically the river chub continues to be able to find gravel to build its own spawning habitat.
The river chub does suffer where pollution, turbidity and siltation, acid mine drainage and acid precipitation/deposition impact its habitat. It has been extirpated in areas with excess turbidity and siltation in western Ohio. Riparian buffers in agricultural areas can help keep turbidity and contaminants from waterways. The Swatara Creek in Pennsylvania had no fish due to acid mine drainage. Limestone treatments and wetlands were built to mitigate the acid mine drainage and the river chub was one of the first species to return.
References
Nocomis
Fish of North America
Fish described in 1865
Freshwater fish of North America
Gianpaolo Venuta (also known as Gian Paolo Venuta or Gian-Paolo Venuta; born 30 August 1978) is a Canadian actor.
Filmography
Film
Take-out (2001) as Rory
Vampire High (2001) as Damon Grismer
Abandon (2002) as Research Assistant
The Circle (2002) as Jetson Harlow
Silent Night (2002) as Chris
Il Duce canadese (2004) as Mario Alvaro
Fries with That? (2004) as Tommy Maguire aka Tigerman
Noel (2004) as Young Guy
Time Bomb (2006) as Agent Brian Goodman
Last Exit (2006) as James Moore
My Claudia (2009) as Matthew (also writer and director)
Plateau Baby Man (2009) as Kelly
Let the Game Begin (2010) as Frat Boy
Score: A Hockey Musical (2010) as Marco
Joy Ride 3: Roadkill (2014) as Austin
Television
Live Through This (2000) as Kyle (2 Episodes)
Undressed (2002) as Dominick
Bliss (2003) as Luc Gibson
Korea: The Unfinished War (2003) as Don Gill
Petits mythes urbains (2004) as Colleague
Pure (2005) as Josh
Naked Josh (2006) as Nick (11 Episodes)
Like Mother, Like Daughter (2007) as Keith
The Double Life of Eleanor Kendall (2008) as Barkeep
Second Chances (2010) as Neil Bray/Phil Sterin
Blue Bloods (2010) as Jared
Being Human (2011) as Danny (recurring role)
The Firm (2012) as Joey Morolto Jr
Time of Death (2013) as Eliot Larken
Good Witch (2019) as Vincent (5 episodes)
Voiceovers
Station X (2005) as Knob (voice)
Assassin's Creed II (2009) as Ludovico Orsi (voice)
Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood (2010) as Fabio Orsini (voice)
Far Cry 3 (2012) as Jason Brody (voice and mo-cap)
Far Cry 6 (2021) as Jason Brody (voice and mo-cap)
External links
Gianpaolo Venuta at GianPaoloVenuta.com, Official Website
Further reading
Bento, Stephanie. "Dorval resident plays lead in thriller." The Chronicle [Montreal] 31 January 2007. Web. 12 March 2012.
Living people
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male video game actors
Place of birth missing (living people)
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian people of Sicilian descent
1978 births
Eleanor V. Wolf (née Eleanore Dapkus; December 5, 1923 – June 6, 2011) was a center fielder and pitcher who played from through in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.
Early years
Dapkus was born to Lithuanian parents, Frank and Antonina Dapkus, and raised in Chicago, Illinois. She was the tenth and youngest child in her family and the first girl after nine boys. Athletically inclined, she started playing sports with her brothers at a very young age. The only sports she did not participate in were tennis and swimming. Baseball came naturally, but most of the time she played softball, mostly in the streets or in the prairies. She attended Christian Fenger Academy High School in Chicago and played every sport available to girls, but they were all of the playground variety, not varsity competition. Over the years, she earned twenty five medals in several sports, including softball, volleyball, basketball and soccer.
AAGPBL career
In February 1943, Philip K. Wrigley founded the All-American Girls League. Wrigley, a chewing gum manufacturer and owner of the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball, materialized his idea as a promotional sideline to maintain interest in baseball as the World War II military draft was depleting Major League rosters of first-line players. Ann Harnett became the first girl to sign with the All-American, being followed by Claire Schillace, Edythe Perlick and Shirley Jameson. The first AAGPBL spring training was set for May 17, 1943, at Wrigley Field in Chicago. Since the only organized ball for women in the country was softball, the league created a hybrid game which included both softball and baseball. Wrigley had scouts all over the United States, Canada and even Cuba signing girls for tryouts. About 500 girls attended the call. Of these, only 280 were invited to the final try-outs in Chicago where 60 were chosen to become the first women to ever play professional baseball.
The league started with four teams, and each team was made up of fifteen girls. Dapkus survived the final cut and was assigned to the Racine Belles team, where she played for eight seasons. Dapkus earned the nickname Slugger for her power hitting abilities, helping Racine to clinch the league championship in both 1943 and 1946. She was chosen as the fourth outfielder for the 1943 All-Star team after leading the league with 10 home runs. The 1943 All-Star Game was the first night game played at Wrigley Field (July 1, 1943). In 1944, Dapkus paced the circuit with 10 doubles. For the 1946 team, she hit .253 and drove in 57 runs while tying for the league lead with nine triples. In 1948 the Belles decided to move her to the pitching mound, and she responded with a 24–9 mark as an overhand pitcher. But at the end of 1950 the Belles lacked the financial resources to keep the club playing in Racine, Wisconsin. Before the 1951 season, when the team moved to Battle Creek, Michigan, Dapkus, along with original Belles Maddy English, Edythe Perlick and Joanne Winter, were disappointment and decided not to make the move. During eight years, the Belles were a close-knit team, always like a family away from home. Dapkus and teammates thought that all would be different, like a new team, maybe a new manager and, specially, a new location. Overall, Dapkus hit .229 with 30 home runs and 317 runs batted in 775 games, and posted a 53–34 record with 397 strikeouts and a 1.97 earned run average in 102 pitching appearances. She is a seventh lifetime in home runs and ranks eleventh in runs batted in.
Life after baseball
Both before and after she joined the AAGPBL, Dapkus worked in a variety of jobs. Most of her early work was clerical except for during World War II when she spraypainted airplane parts at the Pullman Aircraft factory. Following her playing retirement, she went back to Chicago. She married in 1950, changed her name to Eleanor Dapkus Wolf and had two sons, Frank and Richard. The All-American Girls Professional Baseball League folded in 1954, but there is now a permanent display at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum at Cooperstown, New York since November 5, that honors those who were part of this unique experience. But like many of her AAGPBL colleagues, Dapkus was relatively unknown until the 1992 film A League of Their Own.
Death
Eleanor Dapkus Wolf was a longtime resident of St. John, Indiana, where she died at the age of 87 from complications from breast cancer.
References
Other sources
Encyclopedia of Women and Baseball''' – Leslie A. Heaphy, Mel Anthony May. Publisher: McFarland & Company, 2006. Format: Paperback, 438pp. Language: English.
Women of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League: A Biographical Dictionary'' - W. C. Madden. Publisher: McFarland & Company, 2005. Format: Paperback, 295 pp. Language: English.
1923 births
2011 deaths
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League players
Racine Belles (1943–1950) players
American people of Lithuanian descent
Baseball players from Chicago
Deaths from breast cancer
Deaths from cancer in Indiana
People from St. John, Indiana
21st-century American women
Avalukku Aayiram Kangal () is a Tamil language film released in 1975. It starred Jayalalithaa in the lead role, opposite Ravichandran and Jaishankar. It is noted for being the last film in which Jayalalithaa shared screen-pace with both the heroes, who were regularly paired opposite her since 1966. The music was provided by T. K. Ramamoorthy. It was a successful film on its release.
Plot
Cast
Jaishankar
Ravichandran
Jayalalitha
P. R. Varalakshmi
M. R. R. Vasu
Cho
Soundtrack
The music was composed by T. K. Ramamoorthy.
"Pathutharam" -
"Thangam Naan" -
"Ore Aayiram" -
References
External links
1975 films
1970s Tamil-language films
Films directed by T. R. Ramanna
Films with screenplays by Mahendran (filmmaker)
Lopatica is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It used to be part of the former municipality of Topolčani.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 41 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 41
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
The experience of women in early New England differed greatly and depended on one's social group acquired at birth. Puritans, Native Americans, and people coming from the Caribbean and across the Atlantic, were the three largest groups in the region, the latter of these being smaller in proportion to the first two. Puritan communities were characteristically strict, religious, and in constant development. The separate colonies that formed around Massachusetts and Rhode Island began as centralized towns that expanded quickly during the seventeenth century.
In native society, before the introduction of Europeans, the roles occupied by women and men were divided along lines of class and gender, and were generally more egalitarian than in Puritan society. Native women after the introduction of European social, legal, and religious beliefs adapted to and in some my within their indigenous tribe. The often overlooked and sparsely recorded account of women who arrived as slaves and free people from the Caribbean is difficult to pinpoint because almost every written record of their lives is from the perspective of white, male elites and slave owners, who treated the women and men they owned as property.
Colonial women in 17th-century New England
New England colonists living in Puritan-established settlements in the seventeenth century dealt with many of the same realities. During the seventeenth century in New England, colonial settlements saw a rapid expansion from roughly 1620 onward. The common assumption that Puritan society was homogeneous holds some truth, but this was not the case in matters of wealth. As communities became more established, people naturally accumulated more material possessions, and those differed in quality from family to family. This makes sense, as little physical money circulated in the early colonies, making tangible objects both proof of wealth and status. One example of this early disparity comes from a recorded inventory from 1652 of one William Pontus whose land, house, and furnishings were valued at thirteen pounds. Yet in 1654, the estate of “Miss Ann Attwood” recorded the ownership of eighteen table clothes and sixty-six cloth napkins, her other assets not included. Other than suggesting that fabrics, too, played a part in one's show of wealth, this comparison is rather extreme, but clearly illustrates a major force that impacted daily life in places like Plymouth Colony. However, the actual function of social norms outweighed wealth when it came to personal roles and interactions.
Social structure
Puritan society was overwhelmingly male dominated, which was reflected in just about every area of public life. Women could not own property independently, and therefore could not vote, a privilege that was awarded to “freemen”, or men when owned property. Women were excluded from enacting laws, serving in courts, creating taxes, and supervising land distribution, all of which were government functions. The role of religion was also divided by gender, since nearly every colonist in New England was Christian in some form. Yet in this area, women were also seen as lesser to God than men were. Men were inferior to God and women were inferior to men, so went the logic of social hierarchy. The average lifespan of a seventeenth century female colonist in New England who made it to her twenty-first year was about 63. This age was about seven years less than the male average, and is often considered by historians to be a result of childbirth, although this claim is not widely agreed upon.
Private life, if it can truly be considered private in the context of Puritan norms, was much different than public life. In a frontier society like early New England, communities were centralized organizations with strict social norms that were upheld consistently, making privacy for sexual and economic matters basically non-existent. The essential unit of a home was the nuclear family. From marriage to death, assuming no premature occurrence of the latter, it was critical to the survival of a family group that wife, husband, and children live together. Married women in these settings typically underwent a time of about twenty years in which they reared children in addition to the obligations of daily work.
The work of a married Puritan woman was centered around domestic settings, and often was very laborious, especially in early New England. In practice, a wife and mother would be responsible for all the housework, cooking, and cleaning. But women would also trade food commodities in addition to helping each other with birth as midwives or companions. When permanent settlements were built and began to expand, “European Women, a scarce commodity, seldom stayed single long in early New England…”. Although a few decades after the initial settlements in New England, there were more women generally around as birth rates rose.
Women and law
When personal disputes between members of Puritan communities occurred, there was a chance that the disagreement, if it proved serious enough, would be brought to court by one of the involved parties. Since women were excluded from court, but not the law, they were obligated to attend trials in the case that they also broke common law. In Northampton, Massachusetts, in 1634, the town's court records include a dispute between Maria Drew and Joan Butler. Maria's husband, Edward, having heard of the altercation from two other men in town, “preferred a complaint against Joan Butler, for calling his wife a common carted ass”.
Whatever Joan Butler may have exactly said about Maria Drew's character, she was found guilty and had to apologize and pay a small fine to Drew. But the sentence she received was different than in other disputes. Earlier in the same year, in an apparent disagreement over debt, a woman named Agnes Williams sued the widow that she had previously been “attending to in her confinement”, winning 18 hens instead of the proposed 12 that the “widow Hollens” had intended to pay. In this disagreement, there were no exchanges of personal insults, which might add to the reason why, unlike with Drew and Butler, the sentence in this case was not as harsh. The comparison of these two altercations suggests a young society that placed a great deal of emphasis on order and continuity.
Social sway
Women were particularly adept at using societal roles to their favor. The lack of privacy in any given community made personal information valuable knowledge. Puritans valued sex for procreation as a tool to “gauge moral quality” over any other functions. Living in England during the early seventeenth century, they were very critical of pre-marital sex. “…the boundary between illicit and licit sex was crossed once a couple became committed to each other.”
Pre-marital sex with intent to marry was allowed, and even when a woman was pregnant out of wedlock it was acceptable if the same man was later married to her. Marriage was very important as it contributed to overall themes of social stability and procreation. Indeed, “given that matrimony provided the only officially authorized context for a sexual union, controversy over marital formation and dissolution had profound implications for sexual politics, in local communities as well as in county courts and legislative assemblies.” Thus, the personal was public, and privacy almost non-existent.
Native American women in 17th Century New England
Prior to the period of colonization, Native American women lived much in the same way they had within their respective tribes for centuries. Similar to the society of colonial New England, indigenous women were ascribed specific roles in their communities. Depending on the tribe, women were usually responsible for “cooking, preserving foods, or making household utensils and furniture.” In most cases, a woman lived around other women in close groups within a community, unconfined to the central unit of a heterosexual couple, as in colonial society. They were responsible for growing and cultivating crops, most notably maize, where it was common for women to claim and use land that her mother had left her. Their work in organizing food sources accounted for up to 75 percent of the average person's annual diet.
Marriage
The concept of marriage in Native American society differed from the colonial version in ceremony and meaning to the point where the term “marriage” would be inappropriate as a reference to long-term relationships. In contrast to the living practices of New England colonists, it would not have been uncommon to see more elastic relationships in Native society. The appearance of youthful sexual experimentation, “divorce”, and less often polygamy would have been relatively normal.
In the case of polygamy, it was often true that men with higher political standing in the tribe would be the central demographic who took multiple wives. This practice also had an added diplomatic incentive caused by the need to unite two tribes, so one tribal leader, or sachem, could marry his son to another sachem's daughter, thus furthering the union between the two tribes. In some cases, a sachem might take multiple wives who were higher-ranking members of other tribes, which reinforced the common practice of confederation building between neighboring tribes.
Major Native American Federations
The tribes of New England referred to their people broadly as Ninnuock, which means “the people” and consisted of seven principle tribal confederations. These were the Mahican and Mohegan, Nipmuck groups, the Pequots, the Sokoki, the Abenaki, and the Pennacook. These broader groups were constantly in flux and challenging one another for local dominance. For example, of the Nipmuck confederation located in Eastern Massachusetts, were the Pocasset, one of many tribes in the area, whose lands reached down to northern Rhode Island. When the Europeans arrived, their leader, Sagamore Conbitant, was distrustful of the settler's intentions, and his early feeling later proved to be right. After he died, his daughter Weetamoo succeeded him as leader. Later she married one of Massasoits sons, bringing both their social ranks higher, and strengthening tribal bonds.
European effects on Native Women
Indigenous people in New England during the seventeenth century were living at a time when their historic land and way of life was being steadily eroded by European settlements and customs. For women like Sarah Ahhaton who lived during the mid-seventeenth century, being a native woman in the overlapping European and Native societies was an ongoing culture clash. In spring of 1668, she lived in a small town inhabited by Christian Native Americans. When her husband William, who was the chief's son, brought charges against her with the local court, the two had already been married for ten years. Yet in the past two years, Sarah had been seen flirting with another man, known as Joseph, who was also married. Even though it was observed by the community that William had previously struck Sarah, her husband's offense became the prevailing charge, and she was ordered to no longer be left alone with Joseph. Weeks later, she and Joseph disobeyed the court ordered and fled to his mother's house a few miles away. Eventually she returned home, but as her actions will show, refused to stop seeing Joseph. Finally, after having been alleged to consummating relations with Joseph, she fled from her tribe. Sarah's story is somewhat unique but offers insight into the clear differences between each society's norms. Her answers in court, although morally superior to her husbands, were ignored as would likely have been among white settlers. The social prominence of her and her husband likely made their story a hot piece of gossip in their small community.
Women who arrived from across the Atlantic to 17th Century New England
Most scholars agree that the first slave ship to New England, the Desire, arrived in 1638, bringing with it some of the first people of African descent to set foot in Boston. Hundreds of individuals followed the initial captives, having been captured or purchased as part of the African and international slave trades. Their story is often overlooked in the study of history, even though they were one of the three unique and diverse ethnic groups in the early colonies. Yet an understanding of the lives of women in New England who came from African or Caribbean origins and lived during the seventeenth century first requires looking to larger societal interactions that were taking place.
Modern conceptions of enslavement differ slightly from the seventeenth century, where “Puritans also used “slavery” to describe prisoners of war and criminals, and the term functioned as a rhetorical device to indicate dissatisfaction with government or authority. Still, slavery meant someone who was clearly subjugated, or “one who is the property of, and entirely subject to, another person, whether by capture, purchase, or birth; a servant completely divested of freedom and personal rights.” These two definitions, although somewhat paradoxical together, accurately describe the reality of early New England's first non-white or non-native inhabitants. To be sure, many were slaves, and some were not. Determining what life was like for women of African or West Indian descent is difficult because few if any of them left behind personal accounts. The abundance of primary sources left by Europeans offers the most comprehensive view into the lives of the region's non-white residents. Legal records are crucial to understating official stances that colonies maintained on human rights and crime, as the choices and practices of New England's courts reflect broader societal norms.
As Twombley et al. summarized, “The Puritans did not hold advanced racial views but they did place a high priority on the universality of justice.” The emphasis in Puritan society on order is exemplified by the judicial actions they enforced. Desire for prosperity was valued so highly by the early colonies that ensuring their stable continuity took priority over most other issues. The result being that a person's religious beliefs were more likely to receive negative attention than their race. Hence, of the 245 penalties recorded by the court of the Massachusetts Bay Colony between 1630 and 1641, 121 were remitted at least partially if not in full. As author Jules Zanger notes, the cause of remittances as originating from “…the significance Puritan authorities attached to confession and repentance [that] was in great part responsible for many of the remissions granted...” One takeaway here is that non-white people probably stood a better chance of fitting in if they were Christian.
See also
New England Puritan culture and recreation
References
Native American history of New England
History of women in the United States
17th-century Puritans
17th-century American women
Five Leaf Clover (French: Le trèfle à cinq feuilles) is a 1972 French comedy film directed by Edmond Freess and starring Philippe Noiret, Liselotte Pulver and Micha Bayard.
Cast
Philippe Noiret as Alfred
Liselotte Pulver as Daisy
Micha Bayard as Germaine Constant
Maurice Biraud as Georges-André Constant
Jean Carmet as Lord Picratt
Jean-Roger Caussimon as Vampirus
Barbara Cederlung as Isabelle
Monique Chaumette as Marie-Berthe
Pierre Fabre as Ferdinand
Thalie Frugès as Chloë
Corinne Koeningswarter as Isalaide
Bernard La Jarrige
Ginette Leclerc as L'épicière
Paul Préboist as Léon Constant
References
Bibliography
Hans-Michael Bock and Tim Bergfelder. The Concise Cinegraph: An Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books.
External links
1972 films
French comedy films
1972 comedy films
1970s French-language films
1970s French films
Tolidewal was a VDC in Bajura District. Now this VDC is the part of Triveni Municipality of Sudurpashchim Province. At the time of 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,991 and had 599 houses in the village.
Triveni Municipality office is also located here.
History
Tolidewal was a VDC in Bajura District. Now this VDC is the part of Triveni Municipality. Previously it had 9 wards which are now merged into ward no 3, 4 and 5 of Triveni Municipality.
Education
Higher Secondary School
Tolidewaldada Secondary School
Secondary school
Rameshwori Secondary School
Lower Secondary School
Bhageswori Secondary School
Dhaulpuri Secondary School
Primary school
Janajyoti Primary School
Triveni Primary School
Masteshwori Primary School
References
Populated places in Bajura District
Village development committees (Nepal)
Glenn Ross Campbell (born April 28, 1946) is a steel guitarist, most noted for being lead guitarist of cult band The Misunderstood.
The Misunderstood
The Misunderstood were a psychedelic rock band that originated in Riverside, California, in the mid-1960s. The band moved to London early in their career, and although they recorded only a handful of songs before being forced to disband, they are considered highly influential in the then-emerging genre. Influenced by the Yardbirds, the distinctive feature of their sound was Campbell's steel guitar. Rolling Stone in a September 2, 2004, review described the Misunderstood's Campbell as "Jeff Beck and Jimmy Page rolled into one.".
Post Misunderstood
After the untimely break-up of the Misunderstood in London in 1967, Campbell reformed the band with Guy Evans on drums, Nic Potter on bass and former Bush frontman, Steve Hoard, on lead vocals. At this point they were no longer playing psychedelic rock, opting for Pop and blues rock. They recorded two singles for Fontana Records before Hoard left and the group split.
With Campbell the only original member of the Misunderstood, British backing musicians were recruited and the name was changed to Juicy Lucy, who made the charts in the UK in 1970 with a rendition of the Bo Diddley song "Who Do You Love?", and released two successful albums.
After the break-up of Juicy Lucy, Campbell was hired to play back up for Joe Cocker, with whom he toured the US. He also played with Sammy Hagar, and with Steve Hoard, and also with Rod Piazza's Dirty Blues Band.
In 1982, Campbell reformed with original Misunderstood singer Rick Brown as The Influence and they recorded a single ("No Survivors/Queen of Madness") for Rough Trade Records (UK).
In 1998, Cherry Red Records (UK) released a full album of their later material under the name of The Misunderstood: Broken Road (CDM RED 147).
In 2004 Ugly Things Records (USA) released another full album of previously unreleased tracks, named Misunderstood: The Lost Acetates 1965-1966, which received international media coverage.
Campbell currently lives in New Zealand, where he has his own band and does session work.
See also
John Peel
References
External links
Official Misunderstood website
http://behindthemusicscene.com/glenn-campbell/
Steel guitarists
Slide guitarists
Pedal steel guitarists
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
American expatriates in New Zealand
American expatriates in the United Kingdom
Guitarists from California
Psychedelic rock musicians
1946 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
The Junta of Government was a military junta established by Salvadoran military officers on 26 October 1960 after a coup d'état toppled President José María Lemus.
History
On 26 October 1960, the Armed Forces of El Salvador overthrew President José María Lemus and established a military junta.
The junta claimed its purpose was to enforce the 1950 Salvadoran Constitution and to mediate genuine presidential elections.
The junta of 1960 ended after the 1961 coup d'état overthrew the junta and all its members were exiled. The Civic-Military Directory was established in its place by military officers.
Members
The junta was led by three civilians and three military officers:
Lawyer Ricardo Falla Cáceres (1929–1990)
Lawyer Rene Fortín Magaña (1931–2020)
Doctor Fabio Castillo Figueroa (1921–2012)
Colonel César Yanes Urías (born 1920)
Lieutenant Colonel Miguel Ángel Castillo (1915–pre-1980)
Major Rubén Alonso Rosales (1925–2000)
References
1960 establishments in El Salvador
1961 disestablishments in North America
Political history of El Salvador
Government of El Salvador
Jordan Sandke is an American jazz trumpeter, cornetist, and fluegelhornist.
Biography
Sandke was born around 1946. His main area of musical interest is the swing era. He and his brother, Randy Sandke, played in the Widespread Depression Jazz Orchestra. His recording debut as sole leader was Rhythm Is Our Business, for Stash Records in 1985. He played both trumpet and cornet on the album, which also featured Tad Shull (tenor sax), Jaki Byard (piano), Milt Hinton (bass), and Charlie Braugham (drums).
Playing style
A 1988 reviewer commented that "Sandke, using both trumpet and fluegelhorn, is rich-toned and mellow at one moment or crisply biting at another." With the Widespread Depression Orchestra, he played "gloriously growling full-bodied Cootie Williams solos".
Discography
As leader/co-leader
Rhythm Is Our Business (Stash, 1985)
As sideman
With Widespread Depression Orchestra
Downtown Uproar (Stash, 1979)
Boogie in the Barnyard (Stash, 1980)
Rockin' in Rhythm (Phontastic, 1980)
Time to Jump and Shout (Stash, 1981)
With Widespread Jazz Orchestra
Swing Is the Thing (Adelphi, 1982)
Paris Blues (Columbia, 1984)
References
Living people
American jazz trumpeters
American male trumpeters
21st-century trumpeters
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Widespread Depression Jazz Orchestra members
Alksnėnai (from Lithuanian alder groves) may refer to several Lithuanian villages:
Alksnėnai, Gudžiūnai, in Gudžiūnai Eldership of Kėdainiai District Municipality
Alksnėnai, Vilainiai, in Vilainiai Eldership of Kėdainiai District Municipality
Alksnėnai, Plungė, in Šateikiai eldership of Plungė District Municipality
Alksnėnai, Vilkaviškis, in Vilkaviškis District Municipality; see List of Catholic pilgrimage sites in Lithuania
See also
Alksnynė, a settlement in the Lithuanian part of the Curonian Spit
Olchowo (disambiguation)
Olkhovka
Hydropark, or Hidropark (from ) is a landscape-recreational park on the Dnieper River in Kyiv, Ukraine.
History
It was created as an entertainment complex with mainly water activities: beaches, boating, water attractions. It is located on Venetian () and Dolobetsk () islands; the Venetian Bridge connects these islands. Venetian island is connected with the rest of Kyiv by two bridges: the Metro Bridge to the right-bank city and the Rusanivka bridge to the left-bank city. The Hydropark station of Kyiv Metro is located on Venetian island.
Current activities available: number of beaches (including one for children and one for nudes), boat and catamarans rental, ping-pong and tennis, paintball and football, water attractions, restaurants, casino and Sun-City Slavutych disco club (right on the beach), open-air gym (Soviet era heritage) and riverboat excursions.
References
External links
Official website
Beach in Kyiv - Selection of the best beaches in Kyiv
Beaches of Ukraine
Venetsiansky Island
Neighborhoods in Kyiv
Parks in Kyiv
Tourist attractions in Kyiv
2016 Summer Olympics marketing was a long running campaign that began when Rio won its bid to host the games in 2009.
Symbols
Emblem
The official emblem for the 2016 Summer Olympics was designed by the Brazilian agency Tatíl Design and unveiled on 31 December 2010, winning in a competition against 139 agencies. The logo represents three figures joined at their arms and feet, with the overall shape reflecting that of Sugarloaf Mountain. The emblem was also designed to have a three-dimensional form, which designer Fred Gelli claimed made it the "first 3D logo in the history of the Olympics."
The logo has been noted as evoking Henri Matisse's painting Dance. There were also allegations by the Colorado-based Telluride Foundation that the logo had been plagiarised from its own. While also consisting of several figures linked in motion, the Telluride Foundation logo contains four figures. This is not the first time that the foundation had alleged plagiarism of its logo by a Brazilian event; in 2004, the linked figures element had been copied for the logo of Carnival celebrations in Salvador. Gelli defended the allegations, stating that the concept of figures linked in embrace was not inherently original as it was "an ancient reference" and "in the collective unconscious". Gelli cited Dance as an influence of the logo's concept, and stated that the designers had intentionally aimed to make the interpretation of the concept as dissimilar to others as possible.
Slogan
The official slogan for the 2016 Summer Olympics was "A New World" (). It was chosen to highlight the commitment of the Games organisers towards world peace, a united world, a better place to live, as well as a legacy for future generations through the hosting of the Olympic Games. This motto was chosen on account of the fact that this edition was the first to be held in South America.
Look of the Games
Mascots
The official mascots of the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics were unveiled on 24 November 2014. They were created by Sao Paulo-based animation company Birdo. The Olympic mascot Vinicius, named after musician Vinicius de Moraes, represents Brazilian wildlife and carries design traits of cats, monkeys, and birds. According to their fictional backgrounds, the mascots "were both born from the joy of Brazilians after it was announced that Rio would host the Games." Brand director Beth Lula stated that the mascots were intended to reflect the diversity of Brazil's culture and people. The names of the mascots were determined by a public vote whose results were announced on 14 December 2014; the names, which reference the co-writers of the song "The Girl from Ipanema", won over two other sets of names, tallying 44 percent of 323,327 votes. At the Olympic wrestling events, coaches were given plush dolls of Vinicius to throw into the ring when they wished to challenge a referee's call.
Video games
Alongside with the Mario and Sonic series, Overwatch, a multiplayer first-person shooter game created by Blizzard Entertainment, ran a "Summer Games" event in August 2016 that ran concurrent with the 2016 Summer Olympics. The main event was a futuristic soccer game known as "Lúcioball", named for the playable hero Lúcio, who is depicted in the game's lore as a DJ and freedom fighter from Rio de Janeiro. Rio also serves as the location for the initial arena for Lúcioball, the Estádio das Rãs (Portuguese for "Stadium of Frogs", referencing Lúcio's logo).
Virtual Reality
A basketball 360-degree video was produced in collaboration with Samsung and Two Bit Circus.
Corporate sponsorship and advertising
Sponsors
See also
2008 Summer Olympics marketing
2012 Summer Olympics marketing
2020 Summer Olympics marketing
References
Marketing
Olympic marketing
"Thorn in My Side" is a song by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was released as the second single from the duo's fifth studio album, Revenge (1986). Written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart, the song is a cast-off to an unfaithful lover. "Thorn in My Side" was produced by Stewart.
Background
Although the first single from Revenge, "When Tomorrow Comes", had barely reached the UK Top 30, "Thorn in My Side" became Eurythmics' ninth Top 10 single, reaching number five on the UK Singles Chart and marking their last appearance in the UK top 10. In the United States, the track stalled at number 68 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song additionally peaked at number two in Ireland and reached the top 10 in New Zealand (number seven) and Sweden (number six).
Reception
Billboard said it sounds like "Swinging London, 1964" although it "views the past with as much irony as affection." Cash Box called it an "appealing pop/rock single" in which the "seething lyrics are masked by an infectious melody and Annie Lennox's winning vocal."
Music video
The music video, directed by Chris Ashbrook and Dave Stewart, depicts the band adorned in their black and leather Revenge stage costumes, playing in a studio set bar filled with an audience that includes a gang of Hells Angels. Clem Burke, drummer from the band Blondie, appears in the video as he was recording and touring with Eurythmics that year. It was also the second music video to feature backing vocalist Joniece Jamison, after first appearing in "When Tomorrow Comes".
Track listings
7-inch single
A. "Thorn in My Side" (album version) – 4:07
B. "When Tomorrow Comes" (live at the Roxy in Los Angeles) – 5:02
12-inch single
A1. "Thorn in My Side" (extended mix) – 6:54
B1. "Thorn in My Side" (album version) – 4:07
B2. "When Tomorrow Comes" (live at the Roxy in Los Angeles) – 5:02
12-inch single (Houston remix)
A1. "Thorn in My Side" (Houston remix) – 5:49
B1. "Thorn in My Side" (album version) – 4:07
B2. "In This Town" (live)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
YouTube - "Thorn in My Side" video
1986 singles
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
George Perrins (24 February 1873 – after 1896) was an English footballer. His regular position was at half back. He was born in Birmingham. He played for Birmingham St George's, Newton Heath and Luton Town.
References
1873 births
Footballers from Birmingham, West Midlands
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Birmingham St George's F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Year of death missing
Richard Douglas Greene Jr. (born January 2, 1971 in Fort Knox, Kentucky) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher who appeared in one game for the Cincinnati Reds in 1999. He was 6'5" tall and he weighed 200 pounds.
Amateur career
Prior to playing professional baseball, Greene attended Coral Gables Senior High School and then Louisiana State University. In 1990, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Brewster Whitecaps of the Cape Cod Baseball League. He helped lead LSU to victory in the 1991 College World Series.
Originally drafted by the New York Yankees in the 14th round of the 1989 draft, Greene chose not to sign. However, when he was chosen 16th overall in the 1992 draft by the Detroit Tigers, he did sign.
Professional playing career
He competed in the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, so he did not play professionally that year. He began his professional career in 1993, splitting time between the Lakeland Tigers and London Tigers. In a combined 49 relief appearances, he went 4-5 with a 6.33 ERA. In 1993, he was ranked the sixth best prospect in the Tigers organization by Baseball America. In 1994, he split the season between the Lakeland Tigers and Trenton Thunder, going 1-5 with a 5.64 ERA in 39 games. That year, he started the only two games of his professional career and he was ranked the fifth best prospect in the Tigers organization by Baseball America. He also earned the first save in Trenton Thunder history that season. He showed a marked improvement in 1995 while pitching for the Jacksonville Suns. For them he went 6-2 with a 3.49 ERA in 32 appearances. He again pitched for the Suns in 1996, going 2-7 with 30 saves and a 4.98 ERA in 57 appearances and earning an Star berth. In 1997, he played for the Toledo Mud Hens, going 6-8 with a 2.83 ERA in 57 games. On November 20, 1997, he was traded with Mike Myers and Santiago Perez to the Milwaukee Brewers for Bryce Florie and cash.
Greene spent only one season in the Brewers farm system - 1998. Pitching for the Louisville Redbirds, he went 6-6 with a 3.51 ERA and 18 saves in 58 games. He was granted free agency on October 15.
Signed by the Reds on February 9, 1999, Greene went 5-7 with a 3.69 ERA in 61 appearances for their Triple-A minor league affiliate the Indianapolis Indians. He made his lone big league appearance on June 19 of that year, against the Milwaukee Brewers. Coming to relieve for Ron Villone (who lasted only 1/3 of an inning because he gave up six earned runs), Greene pitched 5 innings, allowing seven hits, four runs and three earned runs while walking one batter and striking out two. He gave up a home run to the first batter he ever faced, José Valentín and his ERA for the game was 4.76.
Granted free agency on October 10, 1999, Greene was signed by the Minnesota Twins and began the 2000 season with the Salt Lake Buzz. For them he went 2-2 with a 5.81 ERA in 22 appearances. He then wound up in the Reds organization again, appearing in 32 games for the Louisville RiverBats, going 4-4 with a 2.82 ERA in 32 games. Overall, he went 6-6 with a 4.04 ERA.
He wrapped up his professional career in 2001, pitching for the Baton Rouge Blue Marlins of the All-American Association. An All-Star, he led the league that year with 21 saves.
In 2014, Rick Greene was Southern University's baseball pitching coach in Baton Rouge, LA for head coach Roger Cador.
Post-baseball activities
Greene started the 2 Seam Dream charitable foundation in 2012 after both his father and step-father were diagnosed with cancer. The 2 Seam Dream Foundation raises awareness for cancer research and supports healthy living and patient recovery.
References
Baseball Reference
The Baseball Cube
Living people
1971 births
Baseball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic baseball players of the United States
Cincinnati Reds players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Kentucky
LSU Tigers baseball players
Brewster Whitecaps players
Lakeland Tigers players
London Tigers players
Trenton Thunder players
Jacksonville Suns players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Louisville Redbirds players
Indianapolis Indians players
Salt Lake Buzz players
Louisville RiverBats players
Baton Rouge Blue Marlins players
Newark Bears players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Coral Gables Senior High School alumni
Scaduto is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Al Scaduto (1928–2007), American comic strip cartoonist
Anthony Scaduto (1932–2017), American journalist and writer
Antonio Scaduto (born 1977), Italian sprint canoeist
Italian-language surnames
The Lowndesboro Historic District is a historic district in Lowndesboro, Alabama, United States. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 1973. The district covers , spread over the entire town, and contains 20 contributing properties, including Meadowlawn Plantation. Architectural styles include the Gothic Revival, Greek Revival, and other Victorian styles.
Contributing Properties
References
Gothic Revival architecture in Alabama
Greek Revival architecture in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Lowndes County, Alabama
Historic districts in Lowndes County, Alabama
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
The Snake River Land Company Residence and Office are structures associated with John D. Rockefeller, Jr.'s acquisition of land in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, United States. Under the guise of the Snake River Land Company, Rockefeller bought much of the land that he eventually donated to the National Park Service, first as Jackson Hole National Monument and a year later than Grand Teton National Park. The buildings are located in the park, in the community of Moran. They served as the residence and office for SRLC vice president Harold Fabian and foreman J. Allan from 1930 to 1945. The buildings are still used by the National Park Service. The property was owned from 1926 to 1930 by John Hogan, a retired politician from the eastern United States. The Snake River Land Company bought the property in 1930.
The ranch buildings were built by John Hogan, a retired politician from the East, who bought William Carter's homestead in 1926 for use as a guest ranch and fox farm. Hogan built the main residence and the blacksmith shop. Four guest cabins a barn and an ice house no longer exist. The Snake River Land Company bought the property from Hogan in 1930, adding onto the house and building a log garage.
The house, also known as Building 117 and as "Buffalo Dorm", is a -story log structure dating to circa 1926. The original central gabled block was flanked by shed-roofed extensions on the east and west sides, with the stone chimney centered in the eastern side. A later shed-roofed addition covers the front of the central unit. A further gable-roofed addition covers much of the western shed wing. The main entry opens into a large office, with a living room to the north and a kitchen and pantry to the west. The sun room, an enclosed former porch, is reached from the living room. The living room has a raised ceiling that forms the floor of the storage loft above. The stone fireplace dominates the room, with bookshelves to either side. Three bedrooms and a bathroom are in the northwestern portion of the house. On the second floor a central landing leads to two bedrooms on the south and southeast and a storage loft (stated to be "bat infested") to the northeast. The interiors retain many of their historic furnishings and contribute to the ranch's significance.
Harold and Josephine Fabian moved to the Geraldine Lucas Homestead in 1945. The Jackson Hole Preserve, which had succeeded the Snake River Land Company, used the house as a residence for Sonny Allen, manager of the nearby Jackson Hole Wildlife Park at Oxbow Bend. The house was taken over by the Park Service and used as a dormitory before being abandoned.
April 2019 work started restoring the home for Park rangers
The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
See also
Geraldine Lucas Homestead-Fabian Place Historic District
Historical buildings and structures of Grand Teton National Park
References
External links
Snake River Land Company Office at Grand Teton National Park
Snake River Land Company Historic Structure Report
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Buildings and structures in Grand Teton National Park
Agriculture in Wyoming
Houses in Teton County, Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Grand Teton National Park
Heckenbach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
An instrument of surrender is a surrendering document of a military conflict, as those documents are legal instruments. Some such documents are:
World War II
Japanese Instrument of Surrender
German Instrument of Surrender
Armistice between Italy and Allied armed forces
Other conflicts
Argentine surrender in the Falklands War 1982
Pakistani Instrument of Surrender (1971) at the end of the Bangladesh Liberation War
The Evangelical Sisterhood of Mary is an ecumenical, Lutheran based, religious order, founded in 1947 by Basilea Schlink and Erika Madauss in Darmstadt, Germany.
History
In 1948 both the founders and the first seven sisters became nuns. From then on, Dr. Klara Schlink called herself Mother Basilea and Erika Madaus adopted the name of Mother Martyria.
In 1961, the sisters opened in Jerusalem "Beit Avraham", a free kosher guesthouse for Holocaust survivors. The sisters spoke Hebrew offered their guests an opportunity to vacation in Jerusalem for eight days. Board and kosher meals were provided as well as free tours of Jerusalem. As the survivor population aged, and those still living too frail to come visit, In 2014, the sisters decided it was time to close the house. Since the house was in need of extensive renovation, the property was sold, and the sisters relocated to a smaller residence in Ain Karim.
The sisters arrived in Britain in 1969. The Canadian Branch was founded in 1980. In 1981, the community established a presence in Australia.
As of 2019, the Evangelical Sisterhood of Mary has eleven subdivisions all over the world, with in total approximately 200 sisters, about 130 of whom are situated at the motherhouse in Darmstadt, where Shabbat candles are lit every Friday evening in the chapel “as a constant reminder of the guilt of the Third Reich and as a summons to pray for Israel.” There is no formal training for one to become a sister.
There is a men's branch, the Evangelische Kanaan Franziskus-Bruderschaft (Kanaan Franciscan Brothers).
References
Sources
Evangelical Sisterhood of Mary, History
External links
International website of Evangelical Sisterhood of Mary
US Website of Evangelical Sisterhood of Mary
Lutheran orders and societies
Christian organizations established in 1947
1947 establishments in Germany
The Magnolia Hotel Houston is a hotel located at 1100 Texas Avenue, in downtown Houston, Texas. It was the tallest building in Houston from 1926 to 1927. The building once served as headquarters for the Shell Oil Company, and later home to The Houston Post-Dispatch.
References
External links
Magnolia Hotel Website
Skyscraper hotels in Houston
Hotel buildings completed in 1926
Money is a comic play by Edward Bulwer-Lytton, premièred at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket on 8 December 1840.
Plot
As relations gather for the reading of the wealthy Mr. Mordaunt's will, Sir John Vesey's poor cousin Alfred Evelyn and the equally poor Clara part ways for fear that a marriage without money would bring them both misery. Sir John Vesey expects his own daughter Georgina to be the will's main beneficiary, but this instead turns out to be Evelyn, previously employed by Vesey as his secretary to make Vesey appear more generous (and thus more wealthy) than he really is. Evelyn decides that - if Clara would not marry him poor - she is too principled to accept him now he is rich and so leaves their relationship broken off.
Vesey suggests Evelyn marries Georgina and he makes a show of acquiescence, but Evelyn simultaneously embarks on schemes to convince Vesey to break off the engagement by tricking him into believing Evelyn has lost his new fortune. Another rich man, Graves, offers to pay Evelyn's debts and woos Vesey's sister Lady Franklin. Cheques having arrived to clear Evelyn's supposed debts, Evelyn suspects they are from Georgina, confirming that she is not marrying him for his money. He thus parts again from Clara, seemingly forever, but fresh information then comes to light that the cheques were in fact from Clara, with Georgina instead having resumed her relationship with Sir Walter Blount. Evelyn and Clara thus renew their engagement and Graves and Lady Franklin announce theirs.
Stage revivals
On 17 May 1911, there was a royal command performance of the play at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, for King George V, in honour of a visit to England by Wilhelm II, German Emperor, and his Empress, directed by Arthur Collins and produced by Sir Squire Bancroft. The cast included George Alexander as Alfred Evelyn, Irene Vanbrugh as Clara Douglas, Winifred Emery as Lady Franklin, Herbert Tree as Graves and Stout, Laurence Irving as Sharp, Charles Hawtrey as Flat, Weedon Grossmith as Frantz, Sydney Valentine as Green, Alexandra Carlisle as Georgina Vesey, Cyril Maude as Sir Frederick Blount, Charles Rock as MacFinch, Norman Forbes as MacStucco, Sir John Hare as Sir John Vesey, and Lewis Waller as Sir John's Servant, and with music arranged by J. M. Glover.
The play was revived again in 1999, this time at the Royal National Theatre, with John Caird as director and with a cast including Jasper Britton, Roger Allam, who in 2000 won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for the part, Simon Russell Beale, Sophie Okonedo, Patricia Hodge, who won Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, and Victoria Hamilton.
Film adaptation
In 1921 the play was adapted into a silent film directed by Duncan McRae and starring Henry Ainley, Faith Bevan and Margot Drake.
Radio adaptation
A radio adaptation of the play by Kate Clanchy was premiered by BBC Radio 3 on 19 June 2011 as part of its Money Talks season and repeated on 1 July 2012. It was the first radio play to be directed by Samuel West (who also played the minor and uncredited vocal role of a French tailor). The play was recorded at Bulwer-Lytton's stately home, Knebworth House, and the music was performed by the Endellion String Quartet. The producer was Amber Barnfather. The Financial Times described the production as “faultlessly stylish”.
Cast
Alfred Evelyn – Blake Ritson
Clara Douglas – Laura Rees
Sir John Vesey – Ian McDiarmid
Lady Franklin – Celia Imrie
Henry Graves – Roger Allam
Georgina Vesey – Phoebe Waller-Bridge
Sir Frederick Blount – Bertie Carvel
Benjamin Stout – Richard Cordery
Captain Dudley Smooth – Tom Goodman-Hill
Flash – Nicholas Boulton
Japanese Adaptation
In 1878, this play was adopted into a modern kabuki style play by Kawatake Mokuami. Called Ningen Banji Kane Yono Naka (Everything in the world is run by money), it is still performed to this day.
References
External links
Online text of Money
1840 plays
Comedy plays
Plays by Edward Bulwer-Lytton
British plays adapted into films
László Hadady (born 1956) is a French oboist of Hungarian origin, currently a soloist and professor at the Conservatoire de Paris.
Biography
Born in Békésszentandrás (Hungary), Hadady studied music at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music of Budapest. He graduated in 1979 after training in solfège, harmony, musical analysis, oboe, piano, chamber music, pedagogy and aesthetics.
He joined the Hungarian Symphony Orchestra as a soloist in 1976.
He remained in this position until 1980, when he joined the Ensemble intercontemporain under the direction of Pierre Boulez.
Appointed a professor at the Conservatoire de Paris in 1995, he gives masterclasses all over the world (from Tokyo to Buenos Aires, and from Melbourne to Damascus).
That same year 1995 he was a member of the jury of the Third International Competition for Solo Oboe in New York in 1995 and he was also invited by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra for two solo concerts.
Continuing his international career as a soloist, he has performed in more than 44 countries and has been the host of various orchestras in France, Hungary, Germany, Argentina and the United Kingdom with the Philharmonia Orchestra of London.
As a chamber musician, László Hadady is a member of the Nielsen Wind Quintet and has performed beside Shlomo Mintz, Zoltán Kocsis, Miklós Perényi, Christian Zacharias, Jean-François Heisser, Anne Queffélec, Philip Smith (principal trumpet of the New York Philharmonic), Jean-Claude Pennetier, Jacques Rouvier as well as with the Takács, Keller, and Bartók quartet.
László Hadady plays a F. Lorée oboe manufactured by Alain de Gourdon (Paris)
Discography
Integral of the five concertos for oboe and oboe d'amore by Johann Sebastian Bach
Five Sonatas by Johann Sebastian Bach
Chemin IV and Sequenza VII by Berio (Naxos label)
Bach, Haendel, Church mélodies (La Cause)
References
External links
László Hadady on Conservatoire de Paris
László Hadady on Discogs
Laszlo Hadady, J.S. Bach: Oboe Concertos on AllMusic
László Hadady's discography on Musique française d'aujourd'hui
Site with photos
László Hadady on ArchivMusic
Laszlo Hadady - Laszlo Hadady J.S. Bach Complete Oboe concertos CD soundtrack 14 Adagios on YouTube
French classical oboists
Male oboists
1956 births
living people
Hungarian emigrants to France
Conservatoire de Paris faculty
French music educators
American School Hong Kong (ASHK) is a co-educational American international school located at 6 Ma Chung Road, in Tai Po, New Territories, Hong Kong. It is owned and operated by Esol Education and enrolled its first students in August 2016. It offers classes in elementary, middle school and high school, through to Grade 12(will open next school year). Its Grade 9 class opens in August 2019, grade 10 opened in 2020 and grade 11 opened in 2021 with a new fifth floor.
ASHK delivers an American education program, adapted for the local and international student body in Hong Kong.
Background
In a 2014 school allocation exercise organized by the Hong Kong Government, Esol Education was one of five successful groups amongst 46 who submitted bids for new international school site licences. Esol was assigned the former Buddhist Hui Yuan College in Tai Po.
The seven story, 12,000 m2 facility was built in 1992. In 2004, a new wing was added. In 2012, Buddhist Hui Yuan College was closed due to declining enrolment. Esol Education retrofitted the entire exterior and interior of the building. In addition to providing all new floors, ceilings, walls, plumbing, electrical, millwork, etc., Esol also refitted the premises to increase multi-purpose space, added learning technology capabilities, and altered the Science and specialty areas to bring them in line with curriculum plans and the current pedagogical approach to teaching and learning.
Accreditations
ASHK is fully accredited for grades KG-11 by the Accrediting Commission for Schools, Western Association of Schools and Colleges, and the Middle States Association of Schools and Colleges. ASHK is also an IB World School, authorized to offer the IB Diploma Programme (IBDP) in Grades 11 and 12.
Extracurricular activities
Activities for students include sports, arts, service learning, clubs and leadership. ASHK students can participate in various field trips around Hong Kong as well as abroad for middle school students, and overnight camp for Grade 4 and 5 students.
ASHK is a member of the International Schools Sports Federation Hong Kong (ISSFHK) and got a bronze medal at 2020-2021 school year.
Scholarship Program
The school's scholarship program allows students an equal opportunity to enjoy an educational experience with financial assistance.
References
External links
American School Hong Kong
Esol Education
United States Common Core Standards
American international schools in Hong Kong
Educational institutions established in 2016
Tai Po
Primary schools in Hong Kong
Secondary schools in Hong Kong
2016 establishments in Hong Kong
The Virgin Islands () are an archipelago in the Caribbean Sea. They are geologically and biogeographically the easternmost part of the Greater Antilles, the northern islands belonging to the Puerto Rico Trench and St. Croix being a displaced part of the same geologic structure. Politically, the British Virgin Islands have been governed as the western island group of the Leeward Islands, which are the northern part of the Lesser Antilles, and form the border between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. The archipelago is separated from the true Lesser Antilles by the Anegada Passage and from the main island of Puerto Rico by the Virgin Passage.
The islands fall into three different political jurisdictions:
British Virgin Islands, a British overseas territory,
United States Virgin Islands, an unincorporated territory of the United States,
Spanish Virgin Islands, the easternmost islands of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, itself an unincorporated territory of the United States.
Etymology
Christopher Columbus named the islands after Saint Ursula and the 11,000 Virgins (), shortened to the Virgins (). The official name of the British territory is the Virgin Islands, and the official name of the U.S. territory is the Virgin Islands of the United States. In practice, the two island groups are almost universally referred to as the British Virgin Islands and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
History
The Virgin Islands were originally inhabited by the Arawak and Carib, many of whom are thought to have perished during the colonial period due to enslavement, foreign disease, and war brought about by European colonists.
European colonists later settled here and established sugar plantations, at least one tobacco plantation, and purchased people for slavery taken from Africa. The descendants of the enslaved people remain the bulk of the population, sharing a common African-Caribbean heritage with the rest of the English-speaking Caribbean.
Like mainland Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands that belonged to Spain were ceded to the United States in 1898. The United States took possession of the islands after the signing of the armistice that put an end to military operations in the Spanish–American War.
A 1916 treaty between the United States and Denmark (not ratified by the United States until 1917) resulted in Denmark selling the Danish Virgin Islands to the United States for $25 million in gold.
Historical affiliations
The Virgin Islands have been under the sovereignty of several nations and groups throughout history. Below is a table which represents the affiliation of the various islands:
*Largely under control of pirates
**Coexisting claim
***Leased/shared territory
Demography
The total population of the Virgin Islands is 147,778: 104,901 in the U.S. Virgin Islands, 31,758 in the British, and 11,119 in the Spanish. Roughly three-quarters of islanders are black in the British and U.S. Virgin Islands, while the majority of inhabitants in Culebra and Vieques are Puerto Rican of European descent, with a significant Afro-Puerto Rican community. The main languages are English and Virgin Islands Creole in the U.S. and British Virgin Islands, and Spanish in the Puerto Rican territory. St. Thomas is the most populous island, with St. Croix close behind (51,634 and 50,601, respectively).
Traffic control
Motor vehicles are driven on the left-hand side of the road in both the British and the U.S. Virgin Islands, although the steering wheels on most cars are located on the left side (as is the norm for drive-on-the-right localities). In the Spanish Virgin Islands, vehicles are driven on the right-hand side of the road.
See also
Culture of the Virgin Islands
Danish Virgin Islands
Dutch Virgin Islands
Music of the Virgin Islands
Virgin Islands Creole
Virgin Islands patch reefs
Citations
General sources
External links
BVI.gov: British Virgin Islands government website
U.S. Office of Insular Affairs: United States Virgin Islands government website
Digital Library of the Caribbean: University of the Virgin Islands information
Divided regions
Leeward Islands (Caribbean)
.
.
John Gilbert Cook CVO CBE (16 May 1911 in Bedfordshire, England – in Norfolk, England) was an English cricketer, and English rugby union player. Educated at Bedford School, he played twice for the Irish cricket team, making his debut against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's in August 1935, and playing his one and only first-class match against India the following year. In 1937, he played his only rugby union international, representing England in the Four Nations against Scotland, playing as a flanker and scoring no points.
See also
List of Irish cricket and rugby union players
References
1911 births
1979 deaths
Bedfordshire cricketers
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
England international rugby union players
English cricketers
English rugby union players
Ireland cricketers
People educated at Bedford School
Rugby union players from Bedfordshire
The Lipscomb Bisons men's basketball team is the men's basketball team that represents Lipscomb University in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. The school's team currently competes in the ASUN Conference. The Bisons made their first ever trip to the NCAA tournament in school history in 2018, when they defeated Florida Gulf Coast University in the ASUN Conference tournament final.
History
Lipscomb has a 177–179 all-time record in NCAA basketball and a 96–76 record in Atlantic Sun games. Lipscomb won their first Atlantic Sun men's basketball tournament title in 2018, despite winning the regular-season conference title twice before, in 2006 and 2010. The Bisons made the NCAA tournament for the first time in 2018. They have competed in the NIT twice, in 2006 and 2019. Lipscomb is also home to the top two all-time leading college basketball scorers, John Pierce and Philip Hutcheson. Lipscomb also won the NAIA National championship in 1986.
Battle of the Boulevard
Lipscomb maintains a rivalry with nearby Belmont University, and the two men's basketball teams compete annually in a game known as the Battle of the Boulevard. The game is named for Belmont Boulevard, which both schools are located on; the separating the schools makes them among the closest rivals in NCAA Division I men's basketball. The rivalry began in 1953, when both schools played in the NAIA, and continued into the NCAA when both schools transitioned to Division I in the 1990s. Lipscomb leads the all-time series 73–61, while Belmont leads 14–9 in NCAA play.
One unique feature of the rivalry is that the teams play two games each season on a home-and-away basis, even though they have not been in the same conference since Belmont left the Atlantic Sun for the Ohio Valley Conference in 2012. The only other non-conference rivalry in Division I that is played twice each season is New Mexico–New Mexico State.
Postseason
NCAA tournament results
The Bisons have appeared in one NCAA tournament.
NIT results
The Bisons have appeared in two National Invitation Tournament (NIT). Their record is 4–2. They were the runner-up in 2019.
NAIA tournament results
The Bison have appeared in the NAIA Tournament 14 times. Their combined record is 21–13. They were NAIA National Champions in 1986.
Notable alumni
Gary Colson, college basketball coach
Adnan Hodžić, professional basketball player
Garrison Mathews, NBA player
John Pierce, college basketball all-time/all-division scoring leader with 4,230 points
Marvin Williams, professional basketball player
References
External links
Farheen (born Farheen Khan, also known as Bindiya in the South Indian film industry) is an Indian actress, who has primarily worked in Bollywood, Kannada cinema and Tamil cinema. She made her Bollywood debut with Jaan Tere Naam opposite Ronit Roy in 1992. She was famous as a look-alike of Madhuri Dixit.
Career
Farheen worked in films including Aag Ka Toofan, Fauj, Halli Meshtru and Nazar Ke Samne but her only popular film is Jaan Tere Naam.
In 2014, Farheen announced her comeback to films in a project directed by Deepak Balraj Vij, the director of her debut film Jaan Tere Naam.
Partial filmography
Personal life
Farheen was born in a Muslim family, and is married to former Indian cricketer Manoj Prabhakar and lives in Delhi, with their two children, Raahil and Manavansh and her father-in-law. Prabhakar's eldest son Rohan from his first wife, Sandhya, and Rohan's wife also live with the family.
References
External links
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian actresses
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Amphlett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Christina Amphlett (1959–2013), the lead singer of Australian rock band Divinyls
Edgar Amphlett (1867–1931), British fencer and journalist
Patricia Amphlett (born 1949), Australian singer whose stage name was Little Pattie
Richard Amphlett (1809–1883), English barrister and Conservative politician
Tommy Amphlett (born 1988), English-born association football player
See also
Amphilestes
Neauphlette
Stavros () is a village on the island of Othonoi, Greece. It takes its name from the Cross monument, located at an altitude of 217 meters, that commemorates the massacre of the inhabitants of the island by the Ottoman fleet under Hayreddin Barbarossa in 1537 when Diapontia islands and Corfu were parts of Republic of Venice.
References
Populated places in Corfu (regional unit)
Othonoi
Contemporary Greek Art is defined as the art produced by Greek artists after World War II.
Painting-Sculpture
Abstract Expressionism
Theodoros Stamos (1922-1997) was an acclaimed abstract expressionist artist from Lefkas, who lived and worked in New York in the 1940s and 50s. His work has been exhibited throughout the world, and can be found in major museum collections such as the Whitney Museum of Art, the Guggenheim Museum, Smithsonian and the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
Dimitris Koukos (1948-) is also considered as a leading expressionist painter, mainly renowned for his abstract work and landscapes. Koukos has had over 30 one man exhibitions and participated in several group exhibitions in Athens, Paris, Boston, and Moscow.
The artist's works can be found in private collections in the U.S., France, Italy, U.K. as well as at the National Gallery in Athens, the Pieridis Museum, the Vorres Museum, the Cultural Institute of the National Bank of Greece, the Greek Ministry of Culture and the Ministry of Education in Cyprus.
Kinetic Art
Takis was born in 1925 in Athens, and is an internationally acclaimed self-taught sculptor. He travelled, worked exhibited in Athens, Paris, London, New York and in many other cities. He is particularly known for his telemagnetic sculpture that formed the basis of his aesthetic expression and his musical sculptures. Takis' musical sculptures are based on the simple concept of using magnetic waves caused by electricity as a means to activate repeated musical sounds: the latter are to be heard every time a needle strikes a string, when attracted by a magnet. He won the Grand Prize at the Paris New Biennale in 1985. An illustrative example would be the installation of a real forest of numerous Signs in the Place de la Defence in Paris (1984–87), the original and imaginative illumination of the Arc de Triomphe at the same period, the transformation of the aqueduct at Beauvais into a musical tower with a network of vertical metallic strings, in 1992, and his design for the layout of a subway station in Toulouse in 1993. Takis' non-morphological inquiries have continued through successive rejections of representationalism; his method and the acoustic sensations which it calls forth retain their austerity. These are the features which place his artistic inventions among the most important achievements of contemporary, post-World War II art.
Arte povera
In Arte povera, artists use any medium they could get for free or very, very cheap. The main Greek representative of arte povera is Jannis Kounellis, who introduced found objects in his paintings, such as live animals but also fire, earth, burlap sacks, gold. He replaced the canvas with bed frames, doorways, windows or simply the gallery itself.
Stuckism
Stuckism is an international artistic movement that was created as a reaction to conceptual art. Stuckist painter Odysseus Yakoumakis on September 2004,founded the first Greek group of Stuckism International named The Romantic Anonymous Fellowship to oppose to the provinciality of the mainstream contemporary Greek art and in particular post-modernism.
Performance Art
Leda Papaconstantinou is known on the Greek art scene as a pioneer in the fields of performance art. After beginning her studies in Greece, she continued in England from 1967 to 1971 at the Loughton College of Art then at the Kent Institute of Art and Design. Her first performance films, shot in Super 8 in 1969, show a remarkable aptitude at combining bodily language and the language of experimental cinema and materials (Oh Godard – Celebrating Godard, Self Portrait, 1969). In her films, she and other artist collaborators (Sally Potter, Stuart Brisley, Marc Camille Chaimowicz) accomplish series of intensely dramatic actions in very intricate visual installations. Inspired by Antonin Artaud and Jean Genet's theatre, to which she devoted two pieces, she uses the body to represent the coalition of antithetical elements, such as feminine/masculine, nature/art, memory/subconscious, eros/thanatos, historical time/present time.
Georgia Sagri is an artist and a founding organizer of the Occupy Wall Street movement. Georgia Sagri's social activism (alongside her artistic activities) dates back to 1997, when she was a member of the Void Network in Athens. Sagri has organized the perambulatory curatorial project Saloon and the audio-only magazine Forté since 2009. In 2013 she initiated the semi-public and semi-personal space [matter]HYLE in Athens, with the mission to develop a new model for the contemporary work-life structure. She has exhibited and participated in documenta 14 (2017), Manifesta 11 (2016), Istanbul Biennial (2015), La biennale de Lyon (2013), Whitney Biennial (2012), Thessaloniki Biennale (2011), and the Athens Biennale (2007).
Mary Zygouri addresses issues related to individual identity and social crisis in the contemporary world. In her work she invents and impersonates fictional characters in reality, false identities presented in public actions and video-performances with symbolic and paradoxical results. She focuses on the notion of self in relation to systems of power, censorship, and surveillance. Starting from historical events, investigating archives, biographies, and literary narratives, she alters the past and its many interpretations, by transferring, re-signifying, and representing them in contemporary frames of reference, relocating them in contemporary reality.
FYTA are a Greek performance-art duo who curate regular art events as well as producing their own artefacts. They participated in the 4th and 6th Athens Biennale and are described as "far from a fringe group in the Greek art world".
Digital Art
Miltos Manetas is an artist who makes paintings, videoworks, prints and performances about video games, players and computer hardware.
Andreas Angelidakis is an architect and artist working at the intersection of digital culture and architectural production. He is one of the first artists who treated the internet as a real place, a site where he designed and built online communities such as the Chelsea Project and Neen World. He also designed and built spaces, intended to appear as computer renderings, sparking a discussion as to whether they were ever built (Pause pavilion, Stockholm 2002) and spaces that included a garden of mummified plants used as a virtual horizon for a laser beauty clinic (Forever Laser, Geneva 1998 and 2003). Angelidakis has realized projects in Sweden, Switzerland, United States and Italy for publications, museums and cultural foundations.
Lydia Venieri although known as painter and mixed media sculptor started doing internet art in 1994 with her showing of Fin at the FIAC95. This was followed by Her Story, Apology (addressed to the artist Takis). Her last digital work Moonlight was released in 2008 for the iPhone.
See also
Contemporary art
Art in modern Greece
Greek art
National Gallery of Greece
External links
Deste foundation official site
National Museum of Contemporary Art official site
State Museum of Contemporary Art, Thessaloniki official site
Contemporary Greek artists Art Topos
Andreas Angelidakis
Angelo Plessas
AngeloSays Blog
Venieri's Internet Art
Sources
Bibliography
Greek Horizons: Contemporary Art from Greece (1998) Efi Strousa, Roger Wollen, Tullie House Museum, Art Gallery Carlise, England
Modern and Contemporary Art in Greece (1984) Hans-Jörg Heusser AICARC Center, Zürich
In Present Tense: Young Greek Contemporary Artists (2007) The National Museum of Contemporary Art
State Route 171 (SR 171) is a west–east state highway located in northeastern Ohio. The highway's western terminus is at a signalized intersection with SR 183 in Waynesburg. The eastern terminus of SR 171 is at SR 9 approximately north of Carrollton.
Route description
SR 171's routing takes it through the southeastern corner of Stark County and the northwestern portion of Carroll County. No part of SR 171 is included within the National Highway System.
History
When it was originally designated in 1924, SR 171 ran from its current western terminus in Waynesburg through New Harrisburg to its junction with SR 43 northwest of Carrollton.
In 1937, the highway was extended eastward to SR 9, then continuing east via Carroll County Road 71 (CR 71) to a new terminus at SR 39 just west of Mechanicstown. By 1967, SR 171 was truncated to its current eastern terminus at SR 9, with jurisdiction of the portion between SR 9 and SR 39 being transferred to Carroll County. This stretch of roadway was renamed CR 71.
Major intersections
References
External links
171
Transportation in Carroll County, Ohio
Transportation in Stark County, Ohio
Narrows Bridge may refer to:
Narrows Bridge (Perth), Western Australia
Narrows Bridge (Indiana), USA
Narrows Bridge (Pennsylvania), USA, listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Bridge in Snake Spring Township
Narrows Bridge, Tamahere, New Zealand – heritage-registered bridge on State Highway 21
See also
Tacoma Narrows Bridge, a pair of suspension bridges in Tacoma, Washington, USA
Tacoma Narrows Bridge (1940), the first suspension bridge in Tacoma, Washington, USA, whose collapse was caught on film in 1940
Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge, in New York City
Princess Hteik Su Phaya Gyi ( ; 5 April 1923 – 31 December 2021), also known as Su Su Khin or Pwar May or Princess Tessie, was a Burmese princess and the final surviving royal of the Konbaung dynasty. Daughter of Princess Myat Phaya Galay, a daughter of the last king of Burma, she was a senior member of the Royal House of Konbaung.
Upon the death of her younger brother Taw Phaya in 2019, she became the last living grandchild of King Thibaw.
Life
Hteik Su Phaya Gyi was born on 5 April 1923 in Rangoon, British Burma, to Ko Ko Naing and Princess Myat Phaya Galay, the fourth daughter of King Thibaw and Queen Supayalat. She went to a Catholic school in Moulmein and was employed at the U.S. and Australian embassies in Rangoon.
In 1936, Hteik Su Phaya Gyi received an offer of engagement to King Ananda Mahidol of Thailand, elder brother of the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej, leading to widespread expectations that she would be the future queen consort. She sought to bring King Thibaw's body back to Myanmar as part of her family's mission.
In 1943, she married Maung Maung Khin, a descendant of the Mon royal family, who was a nephew of the Premier Ba Maw and a brother of Khin Kyi, wife of her younger brother Taw Phaya Gyi. Maung Maung Khin died at Rangoon in 1984.
She died on 31 December 2021 at a Buddhist monastery in Yangon, at the age of 98. Her funeral was held at Yayway Cemetery in Yangon on 2 January 2022. She was survived by twenty grandchildren and seventeen great-grandchildren.
Documentary film
In 2017, Hteik Su Phaya Gyi and her younger brother Taw Phaya, her nephew Soe Win, and her niece Devi Thant Sin appeared as the main characters of We Were Kings, a documentary film by Alex Bescoby and Max Jones. The film premiered in Mandalay on 4 November 2017 at the Irrawaddy Literary Festival and also screened in Thailand at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Thailand. The film is about Myanmar's history, but also about the descendants of the last kings of Burma who lived unassuming lives in modern Myanmar, unrecognized and unknown.
Family
She had three sons and two daughters: Win Khin (b. 1945), Kyaw Khin (b. 1948), Aung Khin (1953 – October 2008), Cho Cho Khin (b. 1943), and Devi Khin (b. 1951).
Ancestry
Source:
References
External links
Myanmar Royals Through Sudha Shah's Book: The King in Exile
1923 births
2021 deaths
Burmese princesses
Konbaung dynasty
People from Yangon Region
Irvine Campbell Geddes (9 July 1882 – 18 May 1962) was a Scottish rugby union player.
He was capped six times between 1906 and 1908 for and captained Scotland in the 1908 Calcutta Cup match. He also played for London Scottish FC.
He was the father of Keith Geddes, who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bibliography
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Griffiths, John, The Phoenix Book of International Rugby Records. Phoenix House / J. M. Dent & Sons, London, 1987.
1882 births
1962 deaths
London Scottish F.C. players
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Tami Jameson (born April 13, 1968) is an American former handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Her twin sister, Toni, also represented the American handball team at the same Olympics.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American female handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Minneapolis
21st-century American women
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Competitors at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Alberto Jose Alburquerque (; born June 10, 1986) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Detroit Tigers, Los Angeles Angels, Kansas City Royals, and Chicago White Sox.
Professional career
Chicago Cubs
Signed by scout Jose Serra, Alburquerque began his professional career in 2006 with the AZL Cubs, in the Chicago Cubs farm system. He went 0–2 with a 5.98 ERA in eight games (five starts) that season. He also had 15 strikeouts in 12 innings. In 2007, he played for the Boise Hawks and Peoria Chiefs, going a combined 4–6 with a 5.83 ERA in 21 games (10 starts). In 66 innings, he struck out 69 batters. He did not play at all in 2008 due to a right shoulder tear.
Alburquerque began the 2009 season in the Cubs system, pitching for the Daytona Cubs.
Colorado Rockies
However, he was traded to the Colorado Rockies partway through the season as a player to be named later in a deal that sent Jeff Baker to the Cubs. He finished the season with the Tulsa Drillers. Overall, he went 2–3 with a 2.80 ERA in 47 relief appearances, striking out 75 batters in 61 innings. He pitched for the Drillers again in 2010, going 2–4 with a 4.98 ERA in 25 relief appearances.
Detroit Tigers
Following the 2010 season, he became a free agent and signed a major league contract with the Detroit Tigers on November 19. The Tigers placed him on the team's 40-man roster despite having never appeared in a Major League game. Alburquerque was assigned to the Triple-A affiliate Toledo Mud Hens following spring training, where he appeared in 4 games, with a 1.93 ERA and 10 strikeouts in 4 innings pitched.
Alburquerque made his major league debut on April 15, 2011 on Jackie Robinson Day wearing the legendary #42 Jersey, against the Oakland Athletics. He struck out the first batter he faced and pitched two scoreless innings with three strikeouts.
On August 12, 2011, Alburquerque was hit in the head by a ball hit by Baltimore Orioles Robert Andino during batting practice. He was taken to the hospital and stayed overnight for tests. The next day, the Tigers placed him on the 7-day disabled list with a concussion. He appeared in 41 games for the Tigers in 2011, going 6–1 with a 1.87 ERA. In 43 innings, he allowed only 21 hits, while striking out 67 batters for an exceptional rate of 13.9 per 9 innings.
Following the 2011 season, it was discovered that Alburquerque had suffered a non-displaced stress fracture in his right (throwing) elbow. He had a screw inserted during surgery performed by Dr. James Andrews, and had an expected recovery time of 6–8 months. On April 24, 2012, he was transferred to the 60-day disabled list, with the earliest possible return date of June 3.
On July 24, 2012, Alburquerque began a rehab assignment with the Lakeland Flying Tigers. On August 3, the organization moved him to the Toledo Mud Hens, with the expectation that the move meant a return to the Major League club in the near future. He appeared in 13 minor league games in 2012, going 1–0 with a 2.57 ERA and striking out 27 batters in 14 innings. He would eventually make his 2012 debut with the Tigers on September 4 against the Cleveland Indians, pitching 1 scoreless innings and striking out one batter. At the major league level, he made eight appearances during the regular season and posted a 0.68 ERA. He had 18 strikeouts in 13 innings.
Alburquerque was placed on the playoff roster for the 2012 American League Division Series against the Oakland Athletics. He made his first appearance of the postseason in Game 2 against Yoenis Céspedes in the bottom of the ninth with men on the corners and two out, and the game tied at four runs apiece. He pitched the Tigers out of the inning, inducing a ground ball back to the mound, and left the game as the pitcher of record. In a moment of levity, he kissed the ball before flipping it softly to Prince Fielder at first to complete the play. Alburquerque earned the win when Don Kelly hit an RBI sacrifice fly to right to win the game in the bottom of the inning. Alburquerque also pitched one scoreless inning of relief in Game 4 of the same series.
Alburquerque threw 49 innings out of the Tiger bullpen in 2013, finishing with a 4.59 ERA. After allowing no home runs in 2011 and 2012, he surrendered five in 2013. In the Tigers 2013 postseason run, he pitched in 4 innings, allowing two earned runs and striking out nine batters.
Alburquerque reached a career-high innings of relief in 2014, posting a 2.51 ERA while striking out 63 batters. He also had a career-low walk rate of 3.3 per 9 innings.
On January 24, 2015, Alburquerque and the Tigers avoided arbitration agreeing on a one-year, $1.725 million contract. Alburquerque pitched a career-high 62 innings out of the bullpen in 2015, posting a 4–1 record and 4.21 ERA. He shared the major league lead in balks, with four.
On December 2, 2015, the Tigers announced they would not tender a contract to Alburquerque, making him a free agent.
Los Angeles Angels
On January 19, 2016, Alburquerque signed a 1-year, $1.1 million contract with the Los Angeles Angels. On March 29, the Angels optioned Alburquerque to the Triple-A Salt Lake Bees. In two games with the Angels, he appeared in two innings, posting a 4.50 ERA. He was designated for assignment on May 21. He was released on August 13.
Seattle Mariners
The Seattle Mariners signed Alburquerque to a minor league contract on August 23, 2016.
Kansas City Royals
On January 7, 2017, Alburquerque signed a minor league contract with the Kansas City Royals that included an invitation to spring training. The Royals promoted him to the major leagues on May 10. In 11 games with the Royals, he went 0–1 with a 3.60 ERA. He was released on July 29.
Chicago White Sox
On August 4, 2017, the White Sox signed Alburquerque to a minor league deal. In 10 games with the White Sox, he went 0–1 with a 1.13 ERA. He was granted free agency on December 1.
Toronto Blue Jays
On January 18, 2018, Alburquerque signed a minor league deal with the Toronto Blue Jays. He was released on July 2, 2018.
Acereros de Monclova
On February 26, 2019, Alburquerque signed with the Acereros de Monclova of the Mexican League. Alburquerque did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the Mexican League season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, Alburquerque posted a 0–1 record with a 2.78 ERA in 24 relief appearances. He was released by the Acereros following the season on August 26, 2021.
Pitching style
Alburquerque is a three-pitch pitcher. He throws a hard four-seam fastball that ranges between 94 and 98 mph, and his "out pitch" is a downward-breaking slider that ranges between 85 and 88 mph. The slider is his most common pitch, especially with two strikes in the count; it has a 60% whiff rate, the fifth-highest for a slider among relief pitchers since the 2007 season.
His best pitch is what scouts call the "Cross Curve" that "breaks this way, and then that way."
His strikeouts per 9 innings pitched ratio is above the league average, sitting at 10.7 through the end of the 2017 season. He also has a high walk rate at 5.0 per 9 innings. Alburquerque was effective in the 2011 season at stranding inherited baserunners, allowing only 3 of 31 to score.
References
External links
1986 births
Acereros de Monclova players
Águilas Cibaeñas players
Arizona League Cubs players
Boise Hawks players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Charlotte Knights players
Chicago White Sox players
Daytona Cubs players
Detroit Tigers players
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in the United States
Estrellas Orientales players
Kansas City Royals players
Lakeland Flying Tigers players
Living people
Los Angeles Angels players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic
Omaha Storm Chasers players
Sportspeople from San Pedro de Macorís
Peoria Chiefs players
Salt Lake Bees players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Tulsa Drillers players
Mercedes Gallego (born July 4, 1970) is a Spanish journalist and author who specializes in foreign policy and the coverage of conflicts, wars, and natural disasters. She has served as a foreign correspondent for various Spanish newspapers since 1994. In 2003 she was the only Spanish female journalist who covered the invasion of Iraq as an embedded journalist among the US troops. Her experience as a female reporter in Iraq was captured in her non-fiction book Más allá de la batalla: una corresponsal de guerra en Irak (Beyond the Battle: A War Correspondent in Iraq), which uncovered the sexual abuses that she witnessed within the military. She also coauthored the award-winning documentary Rape in the Ranks: the Enemy Within with Belgian reporter Pascal Bourgaux in 2009. Currently she is the US Bureau Chief for Vocento Media Group and is a frequent guest of Channel NY1 Noticias as a political commentator on the show “Pura Política”.
Early life and education
Mercedes Gallego was born in Sabadell (Barcelona) and raised in Jerez de la Frontera (Cádiz), Spain. She completed a BA degree in journalism from the Complutense University of Madrid in 1994.
Career
Gallego started her career in Madrid as a reporter for musical magazines and community radio stations. In 1991 she worked in the US for the first time as a reporter for Tiempo Latino, a Hispanic daily newspaper in San Francisco, California.
After completing her degree in journalism she moved to Mexico, where she worked for several Mexican and Spanish television channels and newspapers, including Canal 22, Telecinco, Reforma, El País and El Correo. She arrived in Mexico in 1994, year of the Zapatista uprising in Chiapas, the political murders that tormented the country, and the devaluation of the peso triggering the Tequila Crisis throughout Latin America. From 1994–1999 she also covered the guerrillas in Guatemala, the political transition in Nicaragua, the devastation caused by hurricane Mitch in Honduras, and Che Guevara's funeral in Cuba, among other events of international relevance.
During the Kosovo bombing in 1999, Gallego was reassigned to New York City as US Bureau Chief for Vocento Media Group. She witnessed the September 11 attacks in 2001, the invasion of Iraq in 2003, Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, and Hurricane Sandy in 2012, aside from every US election since 2000.
Gallego covered the 2003 invasion of Iraq as an embedded journalist. She was one of the five international journalists attached to the headquarters battalion of the US First Marine Division. The other four were representing The New York Times, Los Angeles Times and NPR radio. One of the fruits of this experience is her non-fiction book Más allá de la batalla: una corresponsal de guerra en Irak (Beyond the Battle: A War Correspondent in Iraq), which she dedicated to her best friend and fallen colleague Julio Anguita Parrado. It is a raw, first-person narrative of the war that exposes sexual abuses within the military, four months before the US Congress required the Pentagon to conduct an official investigation. Gallego's story was also featured in the book Embedded by Bill Katovsky and Timothy Carlson (2004). For this work she has received awards from Intereconomía Radio, El País, the Messengers of Peace Association and a special mention from the Miguel Gil Foundation. In 2009 she coauthored the documentary Rape in the Ranks: The Enemy Within for France2 Télévision with Belgian reporter Pascale Bourgaux. The 30-minute-film received the Bronze Remi Award at the 2009 Annual World Fest Houston International Film Festival and in 2010 the Best Investigative Documentary at the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival.
Gallego has given numerous lectures in Spanish as well as American universities. She has also shared the stage with Tim Robbins for a discussion of his play Embedded in New York City and is frequently invited to comment on US politics in panels and international TV shows. She has been interviewed by NBC Telemundo, Telemadrid, Telecinco, Antena 3, CNN+, ABC, El Periódico de Catalunya, El Nuevo Herald and her work has been reviewed and cited by many.
Currently, she works in New York as the US Bureau Chief of the 13 syndicated newspapers of the Vocento Media Group, which reaches over 5 million readers in Spain, and is a frequent guest of Channel NY1 Noticias as a political commentator on the show Pura Política.
Awards
Mercedes Gallego has been the recipient of several prestigious awards. In 2003 she received the prize for Best Journalist of the Year by Intereconomía Radio and shared a special Ortega y Gasset Award from El País with other notable correspondents of the Iraq War. In 2004 she was a recipient of the Pluma de la Paz ("Pen of Peace") presented by the Messengers of Peace Association. In 2007 she received a Special Mention of the Jury of the VI Miguel Gil Journalism Awards. Rape in the Ranks: The Enemy Within, the film she coauthored with Pascal Bourgaux, received the Bronze Remi Award at the 2009 Annual World Fest Houston International Film Festival and in 2010 the Best Investigative Documentary at the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival.
Bibliography
Aside from her daily contributions to newspapers, blogs and other media, Mercedes Gallego has written a book and a documentary about her observations during the Iraq War and sexual abuses in the military in general:
Gallego, Mercedes. Más allá de la batalla: Una corresponsal de guerra en Irak. Madrid: Temas De Hoy, 2003. Print.
Rape in the Ranks: The Enemy Within. Directed by Pascal Bourgaux; Screenplay by Pascal Bourgaux and Mercedes Gallego. France2, 2009. Film.
She has also collaborated with other authors in the publication of books on the subject:
Albertini, Stefano, Carlos Fresneda, and Ana Alonso. Julio Anguita Parrado: Batalla sin medalla. Madrid, España: Foca, 2004. Print.
Katovsky, Bill and Timothy Carlson. Embedded: The Media at War in Iraq. Guilford, CT: Lyons, 2003. Print.
Ericson, Patrick and Juan Ramón Galvez. Anochece en Irak. Madrid, España: Guadalturia, 2010. Print.
References
External links
Mercedes Gallego's Official Website
Spanish journalists
1970 births
Living people
People from Sabadell
People from Jerez de la Frontera
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Spanish emigrants to Mexico
Albuquerque is the largest city in the state of New Mexico, United States.
Albuquerque may also refer to:
People
Albuquerque (surname)
Albuquerque Mendes (born 1953), Portuguese artist
Entertainment
Albuquerque (film), a 1948 Western starring Randolph Scott
"Albuquerque" (song), the last song on "Weird Al" Yankovic's album Running with Scissors
"Albuquerque", the eighth song on Neil Young's album Tonight's the Night
Ships
, a United States Tacoma-class frigate (transferred to Japan in 1953)
, a United States Los Angeles-class attack submarine
See also
Albuquerque & Takaoka, a Brazilian architecture, civil engineering and real estate development private company
Alburquerque (disambiguation)
Alquerque, considered the parent of the draughts board games
Julia Carin Cavazos (born November 13, 1993), known professionally as Julia Michaels, is an American songwriter and singer.
Born in Iowa and raised in California, Michaels began her career writing for other artists. Following her success as a writer, she released her debut single with Republic Records in 2017, "Issues", which peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States and was certified quintuple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Her major-label debut extended play, Nervous System (2017), peaked at number 48 on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States. She has since toured alongside Maroon 5, Keith Urban, and Niall Horan and has appeared on the UK top 20 with hits "If the World Was Ending" with JP Saxe and "I Miss You" with Clean Bandit.
As a songwriter, Michaels has written songs for artists including Selena Gomez, Demi Lovato, Fifth Harmony, Shawn Mendes, Britney Spears, Justin Bieber, Hailee Steinfeld, and Gwen Stefani. She has earned two Billboard Hot 100 number one songs with Bieber's "Sorry" and Gomez's "Lose You to Love Me".
Michaels has also received three Grammy Award nominations, two of which were for Song of the Year and the third being for Best New Artist, as well as nominations from MTV Video Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, and American Music Awards.
Early life
Julia Michaels was born in Davenport, Iowa, but moved to Santa Clarita, California, about 35 miles northwest of Los Angeles, with her family including her older sister Jaden who is also a songwriter. Her father is Puerto Rican-Mexican and changed his name from Juan Manuel Cavazos to John Michaels to pursue an acting career. Michaels began singing at age 12. When she was 14, she met songwriter Joleen Belle, with whom she wrote the theme song to Austin & Ally and many other songs for TV and film. At 19, she met Lindy Robbins, with whom she wrote "Fire Starter" for Demi Lovato and "Miss Movin' On" for Fifth Harmony.
Michaels has said her inspirations include Fiona Apple, Lisa Mitchell, Laura Marling, Missy Higgins, Paramore, Juliet Simms, Sarah Blasko, and The Fray. Michaels had been writing in the Hollywood Pop Circuits since she was 16. When she was 20, she met her songwriting partner Justin Tranter with whom she frequently collaborates. She is credited with writing hits for artists including Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, R5 and Fifth Harmony. Together with the Norwegian musician Kygo she performed "Carry Me" at the closing ceremony of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Career
In January 2017, Michaels released her first solo single, "Issues". According to Michaels, many big-name artists fought for the song, but she kept it for herself. She said, "It was the first time I'd written a song that sounded so much like myself that I couldn't picture anyone else singing it." In April 2017, her new song "How Do We Get Back to Love" was premiered on the HBO series Girls. Michaels's EP Nervous System was released on July 28, 2017. Her second single "Uh Huh" was released on June 2, 2017. From November 25 to December 6, 2017, Michaels was the opening act for Shawn Mendes's Illuminate World Tour on the Oceania Leg.
At the 2018 Grammy Awards, she was nominated for two awards, Best New Artist and Song of the Year for "Issues". On February 8, 2018, "Heaven" was released which was included in the soundtrack for the film Fifty Shades Freed. On May 4, 2018, "Jump" was released featuring Trippie Redd. From March 12 to May 12, 2018, Julia was the opening act for the European dates of Niall Horan's Flicker World Tour.
From May 30 to October 15, 2018, Michaels was the opening act for Maroon 5's Red Pill Blues Tour on the North American leg. She collaborated with Lauv on the single "There's No Way", released September 27, 2018. In November 2018, she appeared on the soundtrack to the Disney film Ralph Breaks the Internet, where she performed "In This Place", a pop rendition of the film's musical number "A Place Called Slaughter Race."
On December 21, 2018, Michaels was featured on 5 Seconds of Summer's song, "Lie to Me". "Lie to Me" charted in multiple countries and was later certified platinum in Australia and Gold in Canada.
From January 23 to February 5, 2019, Michaels opened for Keith Urban on the Australian leg of his Graffiti U World Tour. On January 24, 2019, Michaels released her EP, Inner Monologue Part 1. In June 2019, she began teasing songs from Inner Monologue Part 2, including "17" and "Falling for Boys".
On May 11, 2020, Michaels appeared in the second-season episode of Songland and released the song "Give It to You".
On October 1, 2020, Michaels released the song "Lie Like This" as the lead single from her forthcoming debut studio album. On March 26, 2021, "All Your Exes" was released. On April 14, Michaels announced the title of her album, Not in Chronological Order, and its release date of April 30, 2021.
Personal life
After collaborating on "There's No Way", Michaels and fellow artist Lauv were in a relationship for several months at the end of 2018.
In July 2019, Michaels started dating Canadian musician JP Saxe. This relationship arose from their collaboration on the duet, "If the World Was Ending". In September 2022, it was reported that they broke up in mid-2022.
Filmography
Discography
Not in Chronological Order (2021)
Tours
Headlining
Inner Monologue Tour (2019)
Opening act
Shawn Mendes – Illuminate World Tour (2017)
Niall Horan – Flicker World Tour (2018)
Maroon 5 – Red Pill Blues Tour (2018)
Keith Urban – Graffiti U World Tour (2019)
Pink – Beautiful Trauma World Tour (2018)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
American women songwriters
Songwriters from California
Living people
1993 births
People from Davenport, Iowa
People from Santa Clarita, California
American women pop singers
American dance musicians
Republic Records artists
American musicians of Puerto Rican descent
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Hispanic and Latino American women singers
District 15 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Benton and Linn counties. The current representative for the district is Republican Shelly Boshart Davis of Albany.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Benton County, Oregon
Linn County, Oregon
The Gladiator is a made-for-TV vigilante-action film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Ken Wahl, Nancy Allen & Brian Robbins. Robert Culp, Stan Shaw & Rick Dees have supporting roles. Although originally intended for theatrical release, the film was purchased by Showtime Networks and aired on ABC Television as an original film.
Plot
A homicidal maniac is on the loose in Los Angeles, killing motorists at random with his "death car". After losing his brother Jeff to the twisted assassin known as "Skull", Rick Benton takes it upon himself to hunt down the reckless drivers that fill the streets at night. Being a master mechanic, Rick spends his time converting his pick-up truck into an armed and dangerous vehicle. With speed to take on the fastest car and strength to make sure in a one-on-one situation, he will be the only survivor. The cops soon find out about the vigilante known only as the "Gladiator" and do all they can to catch him before his citizen's arrests go one step too far.
Cast
Ken Wahl as Rick Benton / the Gladiator
Nancy Allen as Susan Neville
Brian Robbins as Jeff Benton
Robert Culp as Lieutenant Frank Mason
Stan Shaw as Joe Barker
Rosemary Forsyth as Loretta Simpson
Bart Braverman as Dan
Rick Dees as Garth Masters
Michael Young as Reporter
Garry Goodrow as Cadillac Drunk
Robert Phalen as Dr. Maxwell
Linda Thorson as Woman in Class
Harry Beer as Franklin
References
External links
1980s vigilante films
1986 television films
1986 films
ABC network original films
Films directed by Abel Ferrara
Films scored by David Michael Frank
American vigilante films
American independent films
American television films
1986 independent films
1986 action films
New World Pictures films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Thomas Gnielka (1928 – January 1965) was a West German journalist.
Aged 15, he was one of a group of senior boys from his Berlin secondary school to be conscripted for war service. The boys were sent to a base near Auschwitz. Given a number guard assignments at the concentration camp during the second part of 1944, Gnielka became aware of various Shoah atrocities several months before the arrival of the Red army in January 1945 opened the way for the Nazi atrocities to become more widely known. He never forgot those experiences, and as an investigative reporter for a regional newspaper reporter in the 1950s and early 1960s he played a pivotal role in ensuring that these more nightmarish aspects of Nazi Germany could not simply be forgotten. A file of papers passed on by Thomas Gnielka to the state (prosecutor) Fritz Bauer triggered the Auschwitz Trials of 1963–65 in Frankfurt, although Gnielka himself died of skin cancer some months before August 1965 when the court delivered its verdicts on the twenty defendants.
Life
Child soldier
Thomas Gnielka was born and grew up in Berlin. Towards the end of the Second World War he was conscripted to serve as a "Luftwaffenhelfer" (child soldier). With fellow pupils from the in Berlin-Spandau he was sent in 1944 to the Auschwitz region. Their mission was to defend the IG Farben plant there: duties included supervising the emaciated concentration camp inmates who were sent out each day to be used for forced labour. One of the tasks the boys were required to supervise involved the construction of a protective wall around the plant. The Soviet army arrived to liberate the concentration camp complex on 27 January 1945. Half an hour before they arrived the German child soldiers escaped and fled towards the west. A few survived. Gnielka was one of the survivors.
Journalism and marriage
After the war Gnielka volunteered for an Internship with the newspaper , based in the Berlin quarter where he had grown up. Through the internship he came across Hans Werner Richter who had recently launched his influential Group 47 young writers' group. Richter's advice was simple: "Schreib dir alles von der Seele" (loosely "write everything from your soul"). It was advice which Thomas Gnielka would follow throughout his career as a journalist. Later he moved to Munich where in 1948 he met and teamed up with the cabaret artiste (subsequently better known for her work as an author and television journalist) Ingeborg Euler. He set her lyrics to music and accompanied her on the piano when she appeared on the stages in the Simpl quarter of Munich, generally seen as one of the city's "entertainment hubs": as often as not they would perform together in exchange for no more than a hot dinner. They were married towards the end of 1949, settling in Munich. Between 1950 and 1962 the marriage produced five recorded children. During (or shortly before) the early 1960s they relocated from Bavaria to the "Dillenberger Mühle" (old mill house) at Herold, a village in the hills between Koblenz and Wiesbaden.
Traumatic memories
In May 1952 Gnielka was invited to join the twice yearly meetings of Hans Werner Richter's Group 47 writers' circle. (His wife had been attending since 1949.) At his first meeting he read from his "novel", which sixty-two years later would be published with the title "Geschichte einer Klasse" ("The story of a [school] class [group]"). The "dismally authentic" text concerns a group of school classmates sent from Berlin to serve as directly beside the Auschwitz concentration camp complex during the closing part of the Second World War.
Wiesbaden
In 1956 he took a job as a local reporter with the Wiesbadener Kurier (regional newspaper). With effect from 11 February 1957 he switched, becoming the Wiesbaden local editor for the Frankfurter Rundschau, a regional newspaper launched twelve years earlier which had already acquired a national reach.
At the beginning of 1959 Gnielka received an unexpected reaction to an article he had produced the previous year for the Frankfurter Rundschau on the situation in the Wiesbaden (Social Security Office). Gnielka, in his article, had expressed concern that office employees were processing compensation claims from surviving holocaust victims, if at all, only with great reluctance: some of the clerical employees were prepared to identify themselves as former Nazis. According to Gnielka's report, approximately 50,000 compensation claims were sitting unprocessed in a large heap. Applicants were being treated with a marked absence of courtesy, and old Nazi-era antisemitic songs could sometimes be heard from the back offices.
Visit from an Auschwitz survivor
On 14 January 1959 Gnielka received a visit from an Auschwitz survivor called Emil Wulkan. The concentration camp had been (formally) liberated on 27 January 1945. In May 1945 Wulkan had found himself in Breslau (as Wrocław was still known at the time). Wulkan arrived with a little bundle of files neatly tied up with red ribbon, which had been rescued by Wulkan or a friend from outside what remained of SS-main building and, adjacent to it, "Polizeigerichts XV" ("Police court 15"), in the rubble that had been the Agnesstraße. The files, a somewhat grisly souvenir of the destructive Siege of Breslau, had been blown into the street by the fire storm that engulfed the buildings on 8 May 1945. Wulkan stated that there had been more papers, but when they had gone back to retrieve these, they found the papers they were looking for had been destroyed by fire. Thirteen years later, still in possession of those papers, Wulkan had read Gnielka's article about the situation in the Wiesbaden and had come to invoke Gnielka's support in his attempts to progress his own compensation claim. When Wulkan left the office, on top of the little sideboard that might normally have accommodated a drink or a small portion of cheese, there was instead the bundle of papers, still tied around with the red ribbon.
When he looked at the files left behind by Emil Wulkan, Gnielka found that they dated from 1942. They included a numbered listing compiled with characteristic care and precision which showed the names of Auschwitz detainees who had allegedly been "shot while trying to escape" ("auf der Flucht erschossen"). Also identified by name were the "successful" National Socialist paramilitaries ("SS-members") involved in the shootings. The document was stated to have been completed by the camp commander (""Kommandatur Konzentrationslager Auschwitz"") and it was indeed personally signed by Rudolf Höß who had overseen the construction of the concentration camp complex around an old army barracks, and served between 1940 and 1943 as camp commander.<ref name=Prozess>{{cite web |url=http://www.auschwitz-prozess.de/index.php |work= Faksimile, Blatt 73 |publisher= & Directmedia Publishing, Berlin |title=1. Frankfurter Der Auschwitz-Prozess: Tonbandmitschnitte, Protokolle, Dokumente. 2., durchgesehene und verbesserte Auflage. |accessdate=8 December 2019}}</ref>
Fritz Bauer
The state prosecutor for the state of Hessen at this time was a man called Fritz Bauer who was by this time already active in the post–war efforts to obtain justice and compensation for victims of the Nazi regime, and was already investigating suspected war crimes committed at the Auschwitz concentration camp during the Hitler years. Finding evidence that would stand up in court was a major challenge for Bauer, however. On the evening of 14 January 1959, after working through the files he had received from Emil Wulkan, Thomas Gnielka arrived home looking "really green faced" (er ist "ziemlich grün im Gesicht nach Hause gekommen"), according to his wife. Ingeborg Euler recalled that Thomas Gnielka made a telephone call to Prosecutor Bauer, and a car was sent round to collect the files later that evening. Other sources state that it was only on the next day, 15 January 1959, that the journalist sent the papers with the signature of the concentration camp commander over to the prosecutor's office. They arrived with a brief (seventeen line) cover letter from Thomas Gnielka. Bauer immediately allocated two staff members in his office to the case. The named perpetrators of the shootings had managed to leave their Nazi pasts behind them, but they were now sought out and, over time, arrested. In the end the prosecutor managed to find some 1,500 witnesses. There followed nearly five years of meticulous preparation. But when the Frankfurt Auschwitz trials opened in 1963 it was widely acknowledged that the entire investigation had been made possible by the handing over of those vital files by Thomas Gnielka.
Political journalist: investigative journalist
Gnielka remained a member of the Frankfurter Rundschau editorial team till September 1960. After that he was able to become a freelance journalist, although many of his contributions continued to be for the Frankfurter Rundschau. He also wrote regularly for , the newspaper of West Germany's powerful IG Metall trades union, for the illustrated news magazine Quick and for the Munich-based news magazine . As a political correspondent he specialised in "Nation Socialist continuity", identifying former Nazis who were now hiding in plain view as "respectable citizens" in post–war West Germany, and in some cases exercising influence as members of associations, political parties or employees with government authorities/agencies. Increasingly this meant operating not so much as a political journalist, but more as an investigative journalist. A particularly high profile case in point was Richard Baer, who served, in Gnielka's words, "as the last and cruellest of the camp commanders" ("der letzte, grausamste Kommandant des Lagers") at Auschwitz between May 1944 and the establishment's hasty dissolution and abandonment (by the Germany) in January 1945. After the war he seemed to be disappeared. He located and visited the home of Baer's wife, Maria, in Hamburg. Maria was not at home, but her sister was. Gnielka found the answers provided by Baer's sister-in-law "cautious", and her overblown praise for the human qualities of her sister's "exemplary husband" unpersuasive. Gnielka returned home and produced a report which was published in a German illustrated magazine: in his article he ventilated his suspicion that Richard Baer was at liberty, leading the "life of a respectable citizen under a false name" ("...irgendwo unter einem falschen Namen das Leben eines Biedermanns..."). The article's impact was no doubt enhanced by the large portrait of Richard Baer at its head. Immediately after its appearance Richard Baer was recognised by a co-worker on the family estate and former retirement home of Chancellor Bismarck where he was employed as a "forestry concierge", using the name "Neumann". Baer was arrested shortly afterwards, and died a few months later while still being held in pre-trial detention.
Death and celebration
The Auschwitz Trials opened on 20 December 1963. By this time Thomas Gnielka was less in the public eye, increasingly content to work from home in the old village mill-house in Herold from where he witnessed the trial, like most people, through the prism of press reports by others. Thomas Gnielka had been diagnosed with skin cancer earlier that year, and by the time the trial ended, on 19 August 1965, he was dead. His death had been reported in the Frankfurter Rundschau of 8 January 1965 under the headline "Rebell gegen die Trägheit" ("Rebel against inertia"). The report continued, "Nothing made him more angry than the attempts of the old die-hard [atrocity deniers] to keep on cleaning up the old rag dolls [of falsehood] and put them back in the shop window" ("Nichts konnte ihn mehr erbittern, als die Versuche der Ewiggestrigen, die alte Lumpenpuppe frisch aufgeputzt ins Schaufenster zu stellen."''). At his funeral in Herold the oration was delivered by his friend, the writer Heinrich Böll.
Left with five children to look after, his widow now moved with the family to Frankfurt where she now plunged into a full-time career as a television journalist with Hessischer Rundfunk. With regard to childcare responsibilities, she was able to team up with her own mother, who had been widowed just six months earlier.
Film
The history of the Auschwitz Trials of 1963–65 was disclosed to a new generation in 2014 in the drama movie Labyrinth of Lies () written and directed by Giulio Ricciarelli. The part of Thomas Gnielka was played by .
References
Journalists from Berlin
People from Wiesbaden
German reporters and correspondents
20th-century German journalists
1928 births
1965 deaths
Deaths from skin cancer
Deaths from cancer in Germany
Luftwaffenhelfer
The 2003–04 SM-liiga season was the 29th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 13 teams participated in the league, and Kärpät Oulu won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
Preliminary round
Jokerit - JYP 2:0 (5:2, 3:2)
Tappara - Blues 1:2 (1:2 P, 4:1, 0:2)
Quarterfinals
TPS - Blues 4:2 (3:2, 2:4, 4:0, 2:3, 4:2, 2:0)
Kärpät - Jokerit 4:2 (3:2, 3:2, 2:5, 2:1, 1:2, 2:1)
HIFK - Ilves 4:3 (3:1, 2:3, 0:3, 2:4, 3:0, 1:0, 4:3)
HPK - Lukko 4:0 (3:2, 5:0, 4:0, 3:1)
Semifinals
TPS - HPK 3:0 (2:0, 4:3 P, 3:1)
Kärpät - HIFK 3:2 (3:2 P, 2:4, 0:5, 3:2 P, 3:2 P)
3rd place
HIFK - HPK 3:1
Final
TPS - Kärpät 1:3 (1:2, 3:4 P, 5:0, 0:1 P)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1
Finnish
Liiga seasons
The Victorian Railways V class was a single locomotive class that consisted of only V56. It was built as the shunter for the Jolimont Workshops to move the suburban sets through the washdocks. It had a top speed of 16 km/h although it was limited to 1 km/h when shunting through the washdock. This speed limit does not pose a problem in operation because heavy weight of rolling stock and weak engine prevents going much faster anyway. It had a tractor engine of 40 hp driving four hydraulic motors. It was the smallest locomotive owned by the VR.
Locomotives
Preservation
V56 is on static display at Newport Railway Museum.
References
V class
Broad gauge locomotives in Australia
Railway locomotives introduced in 1959
Shunting locomotives
Yevseyevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 50 as of 2002.
Geography
Yevseyevskaya is located 15 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Stepanovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Munuwa is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9276 living in 1173 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Bo Michael Tretow (born 20 August 1944 in Norrköping) is a Swedish record producer and audio engineer, musician and composer, best known for his work with the Swedish pop group ABBA (1970–1982), and with the musical Chess. Tretow experimented with different recording techniques, and played an essential part in creating the "ABBA sound". He has also composed several themes and jingles for Swedish national radio and television.
Discography
As an artist
Mikael & Michael (1966, with Mikael Ramel)
Let's boogie (1976)
Caramba (1981, with Ted Gärdestad)
Michael B. Tretow (1982)
Tomteland (1985)
Den makalösa manicken (1986, under the pseudonym Professorn)
Hystereo Hi-lites (1989)
Trafik-Trolle (early 1990s)
Greatest Hits (1999)
As producer
Lena Andersson: Det Bästa Som Finns (1977)
ABBA: Gracias Por La Música (1980)
ABBA: ABBA Live (1986)
Big Money: Lost In Hollywood (1992)
Big Money: Moonraker (1994)
As engineer
Björn Ulvaeus & Benny Andersson: Lycka (1970)
Lena Andersson: Lena 15 (1971)
Lena Andersson: Lena (1971)
Ted Gärdestad: Undringar (1972)
Lena Andersson: 12 Nya Visor (1972)
Björn & Benny, Agnetha & Frida (ABBA): Ring Ring (1972–1973)
Ted Gärdestad: Ted (1973)
Svenne & Lotta: Oldies But Goodies (1973)
ABBA (Björn & Benny, Agnetha & Frida): Waterloo (1974)
Ted Gärdestad: Upptåg (1974)
Svenne & Lotta: 2/Bang-A-Boomerang (1975, engineer and co-producer)
ABBA: ABBA (1975)
ABBA: Greatest Hits (1975–1976)
Anni-Frid Lyngstad: Frida ensam (1975)
ABBA: Arrival (1976)
Ted Gärdestad: Franska Kort (1976, engineer and co-producer)
Svenne & Lotta: Letters (1976, engineer and co-producer)
ABBA: The Album (1977)
ABBA: Voulez-Vous (1979)
ABBA: Greatest Hits Vol. 2 (1979)
ABBA: Super Trouper (1980)
Ted Gärdestad: I'd Rather Write a Symphony (1980, engineer and co-producer)
Agnetha & Linda: Nu Tändas Tusen Juleljus (1980/1981, engineer and co-producer)
ABBA: The Visitors (1981)
Ted Gärdestad: Stormvarning (1981, engineer and co-producer)
ABBA: The Singles: The First Ten Years (1982)
Agnetha Fältskog: Wrap Your Arms Around Me (1983)
Various Artists: Original Cast Recording, Musical Chess (1984)
Agnetha Fältskog: Eyes of a Woman (1985)
Gemini: Gemini (1985)
Agnetha & Christian: Kom följ med i vår karusell (1987, engineer and co-producer)
Gemini: Geminism (1987)
ABBA: ABBA Gold: Greatest Hits (1992)
ABBA: More ABBA Gold: More ABBA Hits (1993)
ABBA: Thank You For The Music (1994)
References
Michael B Tretow, article, Nationalencyklopedin, http://www.ne.se/michael-b-tretow
External links
45 Singles at 45cat
1944 births
Living people
People from Norrköping
Swedish audio engineers
Swedish record producers
Henry Allan may refer to:
Henry William Allan (1843–1913), Canadian politician, merchant and produce dealer
Henry Allan (painter) (1865–1912), Irish painter
Henry Allan (footballer) (1872-1965), Scottish footballer
Henry Allan (cricketer) (1846–1926), Australian cricketer
Henry William Allan (rugby union) (1850–1926), Scottish rugby player
See also
Henry Allen (disambiguation)
Harry Allan (disambiguation)
Harry Allen (disambiguation)
Harold Allen (disambiguation)
Trevor Robinson (born 20 September 1984) is a Jamaican former footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for Cambridge United.
External links
1984 births
Living people
Jamaican footballers
Association football midfielders
Millwall F.C. players
Tamworth F.C. players
Cambridge United F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
People from Saint Catherine Parish
Ben Ward (born 2 December 1974) is a British musician who has been the singer of Orange Goblin since 1997.
Ward had wanted to become a footballer for Queens Park Rangers, but, inspired by Lemmy and Bruce Dickinson, “discovered heavy metal, booze and drugs, so football fell by the wayside”. Ward helped found Our Haunted Kingdom in 1994 and they evolved into Orange Goblin in 1997. He has been their singer ever since, recording nine studio albums with the band.
Between 2007 and 2010, Ward was a member of Ravens Creed. He sang on one of their albums.
In 2016 Ward set up a Just Giving campaign for 73 Team Rock employees, whom he thought were being unfairly treated by being threatened with redundancy. Ward is also the founder of Route One Booking Agency.
References
1974 births
British rock singers
British heavy metal singers
People from Newcastle upon Tyne
20th-century British male singers
Singers from London
21st-century British male singers
Living people
Valea Socilor River may refer to:
Valea Socilor, a tributary of the Șușița in Gorj County, Romania
Valea Socilor, a tributary of the Vasilatu in Vâlcea County, Romania
The sacral spinal nerve 5 (S5) is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the 5th body of the sacrum.
S5 supplies the Coccygeus muscle.
References
Spinal nerves
Niccolò Boldrini (c.1500–c.1566) was an Italian engraver of the Renaissance. He was frequently confused with Nicola Vicentino. Boldrini was an engraver on wood, born at Vicenza in the early 16th century, and still living in 1566. His prints are chiefly after Titian, who may have been his master. He engraved John Baron de Schwarzenburg after Dürer and the following prints after Titian:
The Wise Men's Offering
St. Jerome praying in landscape
Six Saints including Catharine & Sebastian
Mountainous landscape with woman milking cow
Venus seated on a bank holding Cupid
Squirrel on a branch
References
External links
Pieter Bruegel the Elder: Drawings and Prints, a full text exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which includes material on Niccolo Boldrini (see index)
People from Vicenza
Italian engravers
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Year of birth uncertain
16th-century Italian people
Kruševica () is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It used to be part of the former municipality of Vitolište.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 87 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 86
Others 1
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Miss Earth 2007, the 7th edition of the Miss Earth pageant, was held on November 12, 2007 at the University of the Philippines Theater, inside the campus of the University of the Philippines Diliman in Quezon City, Philippines. 30 delegates also visited Nha Trang, Vietnam. 88 delegates competed for the title, making 2007 the largest edition of delegates for Miss Earth. The pageant was hosted by MTV Asia VJ Greg Uttsada Panichkul, Priscilla Meirelles and Ginger Conejero. Hil Hernández from Chile crowned her successor Jessica Trisko from Canada the end of the event.
Pooja Chitgopekar from India won her second consecutive Miss Air title (first runner-up). Silvana Santaella from Venezuela was proclaimed Miss Water (second runner-up). She also won two special awards: Best in Swimsuit and Best in Long Gown. Ángela Gómez from Spain finished fourth as Miss Fire (third runner-up). Bokang Montjane from South Africa made the top 16 semi-finalist and received the Beauty for a Cause award. Montjane became the second winner of this award, after Vida Samadzai from Afghanistan won the first Beauty For a Cause award in 2003.
Results
Placements
Special awards
The following special awards were officially awarded during the grand coronation night:
Awards in Philippines
Awards in Vietnam
Order of announcements
Top 16
Top 8
Top 4
Hosts
Background music
Opening: "Woman of the Earth" by Samantha Monzon (English and Spanish)
Swimsuit Competition: "Mama Say" (Original Mix) by Alez del Toro
Evening Gown Competition: "I'll Take Care Of You" and "My Kind Of Girl" by Richard Poon (Live Performance)
Judges
Contestants
List of countries and delegates that participated in Miss Earth 2007:
– Shpresa Vitia
– María Antonella Tognolla
– Victoria Louise Stewart
– Sharon Eula Rolle
– Melissa Cardaci
– Leilah Pandy
– Carla Loreto Fuentes Rivero
– Dženita Dumpor
– Millicent Ollyn
– Patrícia Andrade
– Pauline Marcelle Kack
– Jessica Trisko
– Yu Peipei
– Mileth Johana Agámez
– Natalia Salas Mattey
– Ariana Barouk
– Eva Čerešňáková
– Trine Lundgaard Nielsen
– Themys Febriel
– Verónica Ochoa Crespo
– Julia Ayala
– Clair Cooper
– Nardos Tafese
– Minal Maneesha Ali
– Anna Pohtimo
– Alexandra Gaguen
– Nanka Mamasakhlisi
– Sinem Ramazanoglu
– Diana Naa Blankson
– Virgine Mulia
– Jessica Scheel
– Fan Miao-Meng
– Katrín Dögg Sigurdardóttir
– Pooja Chitgopekar
– Artri Sulistyowati
– Mor Donay
– Bernadette Mazzù
– Ryoko Tominaga
– Zhazira Nurkhodjaeva
– Volen Auma Owenga
– Ji-eun Yoo
– Ilze Jankovska
– Amale Al-Khoder
– Telena Cassell
– Monika Baliunaite
– Zhang Xiao-Yu
– Dorkas Cheok
– Élodie Delor
– María Fernanda Cánovas
– Bandana Sharma
– Milou Verhoeks
– Claire Kirby
– Iva Grijalva Pashova
– Stacey Garvey
– Shevalyn Maika
– Aine Gormley
– Margaret Paulin Hauge
– Griselda Quevedo
– Odilia Garcia
– Jeanne Harn
– Barbara Tatara
– Alina Gheorge
– Maurielle Nkouka Massamba
– Oneka McKoy
– Nicole Chen Lin
– Theresa Turay
– Barbora Palovičová
– Tanja Trobec
– Bokang Montjane
– Ángela Gómez
– Safyra Duurham
– Ivana Gagula
– Stefanie Gossweiler
– Sonya Lee
– Angel Kileo
– Jiraporn Sing-ieam †
– Tenzin Dolma
– Carleen Ramlochansingh
– Tameka Deveaux
– Hellen Karungi
– Galyna Andreeva
– Lisa Forbes
– Je T'aime Cerge
– Silvana Santaella
– Trương Tri Trúc Diễm
– Sarah Fleming
– Sphiwe Benasho
– Nyome Omar
Notes
Debuts
Returns
Last competed in 2001:
Last competed in 2002:
Last competed in 2003:
Last competed in 2004:
Last competed in 2005:
Withdrawals
Replacements
– Kelly Kampton is replaced by Angel Kileo.
Did not compete
– Nadege Herrera
References
External links
Miss Earth official website
2007
2007 in the Philippines
2007 in Vietnam
2007 beauty pageants
Beauty pageants in the Philippines
Rebecca Friedländer (4 October 1783 – 30 August 1850) was a German novelist and short-story writer, composed “romantic novels” under the pen name of Regina Frohberg. She was also a close friend of Rahel Varnhagen, a renowned German writer.
Biography
Rebecca Friedländer was born as Rebecca Solomon in Berlin, Germany on 4 October 1783 into a Jewish family of Jacob B Solomon and Cheile Eger. Her father, who was a jewel merchant for the court, changed the family name from Solomon to Saaling.
In 1801, at the age of eighteen, she married Moses Friedländer, a banker, who was the son of David Friedländer, a prominent leader of the Berlin Jewish community. But she got a divorce in 1805. She converted to Christianity, and changed her name as Regina Frohberg. She never remarried.
Her first novel was published in 1808. In the beginning the literary style of her novels focused on "the romantic life about salon society". In 1813 she moved to Vienna, and resided until her death.
She died in Ischl, Vienna on 30 August 1850.
References
1783 births
1850 deaths
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Pseudonymous women writers
Writers from Berlin
The Toast of Death is a 1915 silent era drama/romance motion picture released by Mutual Film Corporation starring Louise Glaum, Harry Keenan, and Herschel Mayall.
Directed by Thomas H. Ince and produced by the New York Motion Picture Company, the screenplay was written by C. Gardner Sullivan.
Although contemporary sources list Thomas Ince as the director, modern sources give directorial credit to Scott Sidney.
One of the early five-reel feature length silent movies, The Toast of Death was filmed at Inceville Studio in Topanga Canyon near the Pacific Ocean.
The film marked Glaum's first role as a "vamp" and her first starring role in the new features of the day.
Plot
Mademoiselle Poppea (played by Glaum) is the leading ballerina of the Imperial Ballet in Calcutta, India. Her beauty and charm bring to her many admirers, among them a British soldier, Captain Drake (played by Keenan), and an Indian prince, Yar Khan (played by Mayall), of the Bengalese Dragoons.
Although she loves Drake, Poppea agrees to marry the prince because of his title, wealth and high social standing. She keeps Drake as her lover, however, and he visits her regularly at the palace.
When the prince is ordered to transfer, he and Poppea go to live in the South. She finds the climate and culture repulsive and is bored and disgusted with her devoted husband. She then writes to Drake and begs him to come see her. Feigning illness, he takes leave from his military duties and travels to Poppea.
The prince is pleased to see Drake and receives him warmly. By accident, he discovers the adulterous relationship between Drake and his wife. As revenge, he pours two glasses of wine and puts arsenic into one. He then tells Poppea to select which glass each man will drink. Unknowingly, she selects the poisoned glass for Drake. After the toast, the prince watches as Drake has a horrible death. He disposes of Drake's body and forces his devastated wife, Poppea, to flee out into the desert.
Cast
Louise Glaum as Mlle. Poppea
Harry Keenan as Capt. Drake
Herschel Mayall as Yar Khan
J. Frank Burke in an undetermined role
Reviews
A Los Angeles Times review of Sunday, August 15, 1915, reads:
"The Toast of Death, a stirring drama of romance, intrigue and jealousy, will be the photoplay presented at the Woodley Theater for the week beginning tomorrow. Life in India is vividly portrayed in this interesting picture.
Troops of camels, elephants and horses, India dragoons and other scenes of magnificence, among which is the one depicting the famous imperial ballet, in Calcutta, are shown. The story is of a wealthy prince of India of high social standing, who weds a ballet dancer.
Louise Glaum will play the leading part, supported by Herschel Mayall and Harry G. Keenan."
Another Times review of Tuesday, August 17, 1915, reads:
"The Toast of Death, a romance of India, is a tremendously tense story, featuring one of the ablest leading women in pictures, Louise Glaum, at the Woodley Theater this week. She plays the role of Poppea and gives a performance that is truly fascinating.
The opening act reveals this beautiful young screen actress as the leader of the imperial ballet, whose beauty and charm bring to her many admirers. Thenceforward the audience follows the story through many complicated and highly interesting situations."
See also
List of American films of 1915
References
External links
The Toast of Death at the AFI Catalog of Feature Films
1915 films
American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1915 drama films
Films directed by Thomas H. Ince
Films directed by Scott Sidney
1910s American films
Silent American drama films
The 2006 Under-16 European Promotion Cup for Women was the fourth edition of the basketball European Promotion Cup for U16 women's teams, today known as FIBA U16 Women's European Championship Division C. It was played in Kirchberg, Luxembourg, from 11 to 16 July 2006. Scotland women's national under-16 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
First round
Playoffs
Final standings
References
2006
2006–07 in European women's basketball
FIBA U16
Sports competitions in Luxembourg
FIBA
Mt Matavanu is an active volcano on the island of Savai'i in Samoa. The volcano was formed during an eruption in 1905. Lava flows from the eruption covered a large area of land in the Gaga'emauga district, leading to the relocation of several villages.
The name of the mountain refers to a valley (vanu) with an eye-shaped feature (mata).
1905 - 1911 eruption
The eruption began on 4 August 1905, with a new crater being formed nine miles to the east of Mata o le Afi, which had erupted in 1902. An expedition led by governor Wilhelm Solf observed flames shooting 400 feet into the sky at intervals of ten seconds along with lava flowing through the bush. An expedition to examine the crater found "a larger heap of stones about 300ft high, from the top of which, at intervals of about 10 seconds, masses of stone were being thrown up into the air". A lava-flow 100 feet high had flowed 2.5 miles towards the sea.
The early phase of the eruption was mostly explosive, but in September large amounts of lava had begun to flow from the crater. In mid-September, the cone was estimated at 600 feet high, and lava covered 20 to 25 square miles to a depth of 300 to 400 feet. In December the village of Toapaipai was destroyed by a lava flow, By March 1906 lava had reached the sea, and was flowing parallel to the coast along the top of the reef. The villages of Salago and Sale'aula were destroyed, and the destruction of crops from volcanic fumes was causing famine. In September 1906 geologist H. J. Jensen reported that lave flows had covered 35 square miles, and that what was once a low valley a hundred feet deep had been replaced by a bulging mass of dried lava 1500 feet high. The cone was now 330 feet high, and contained a lava lake. While Jensen reported the volcano was dying down, another explosive eruption began on 5 October 1906, and lava began to flow eastwards. In June 1908 lava was reportedly flowing in a stream 8 miles wide, but by July 1908 it had quietened again. In 1910 it was described as "the most active volcano in the world".
Activity finally began to die down in early 1911, and had ceased by October 1911.
Several villages were relocated to Upolu due to the eruption. the people of Sale'aula were relocated to Salamumu, while those of Mauga and Samalaeʻulu were moved to Le'auva'a.
Gallery
References
Mountains of Samoa
Volcanoes of Samoa
Gaga'emauga
Savai'i
B. Satiananthan is a Malaysian football coach and former player. He is currently the head coach of Malaysia Super League club Sarawak United. He formerly coached Selangor, the Malaysia national football team and the Malaysia national under-23 football team.
Career
Early in his career, he coached Negeri Sembilan FA. He held the assistant coach position for the national Olympic team between 1997-1999 and 2002–2004. He was also the assistant head coach at MPPJ FC in 2006 until the dissolution of the club and acting as the interim head coach for a short period after Michael Feichtenbeiner was relieved of his job.
In 2006, he was selected by the Football Association of Malaysia to be the head coach for the Malaysia under-23 side in preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympics qualifiers. After winning the 2007 Merdeka Tournament, he was selected as the head coach for the senior team by FAM president Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah.
His first match as the team's head coach was in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Bahrain. In the match, Malaysia lost 4-1 before drawing 0–0 at Shah Alam. After the World Cup 2010 qualifying campaign ended, he then brought the under-23 side to the 2007 SEA Games in Thailand, withour any success after only managing 1 win, 1 draw and 1 defeat and for the first time since 1999, Malaysia failed to advance into the semi-finals.
For 2008, Sathianathan brought the Malaysia XI to face Premier League giants Chelsea. Eventually, the match was won 2-0 by Chelsea and the squads did well in the match as Chelsea head coach Luiz Felipe Scolari praised the Malaysian team.
In the 2008 Merdeka Tournament, Sathianathan again brought Malaysia into the final. Malaysia showed impressive performances from the start of the tournament and did not concede in all of their matches. However Sathianathan's side lost 6-5 in a penalty shoot-out against Vietnam in the final.
In 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup, the Malaysian team started well with a convincing win over Laos. However, in the last two matches, his team lost 2–3 to Vietnam and beaten by host Thailand 3–0. The lost against the Thais saw Malaysia exit the competition from the group stage for the first time since 1998. Rumours also spread that he will be replaced by Indonesia's former coach, Peter Withe because of his failures. However, the FAM decided to extend his contract for one more year with a condition that he must improve Malaysia's FIFA ranking.
In February 2009, Sathianathan's one-year contract was terminated by the FAM, after Malaysia was thrashed 5-0 by the United Arab Emirates in a 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualification match. Subsequently, he coached Kelantan FA from November 2009 and guided the team to win the 2010 Malaysia Cup. He was forced to leave his post after being handed a 6-month coaching ban by FAM from January 2011 for criticising the national football body and later became the CEO of Kelantan FA.
He was appointed as the coach of ATM FA in November 2011. Under Sathianathan's leadership, ATM won the 2012 Malaysia Premier League, and an automatic promotion to the 2013 Malaysia Super League. Sathianathan succeeded in maintaining ATM as a Super League team for 3 seasons and also a finalist of the 2013 Malaysia Cup, until he was relieved from his duties in April 2015.
Sathianathan were announced as the new Felda United F.C. head coach in February 2017. Under his helm, Felda secured 3rd place in the 2017 Malaysia Super League and reached the semi-finals of the 2017 Malaysia Cup. He won the Super League's Best Coach award in that season. Even though Felda was relegated for failing to acquire a Super League license for the next season, Sathianathan succeeded in guiding the team to win the 2018 Malaysia Premier League and promotion back to Super League at the first attempt. After Felda's 2018 Malaysia Cup journey ended in the quarter-finals and a restructuring of the club management, Sathianathan announced that he will not continue coaching the team after the end of his contract that year.
On 22 November 2018, Sathianathan was announced as Selangor FA's new head coach. The announcement was made official the next day, in a live session with Sathianathan via Selangor's official Facebook page.
On 21 September 2020, Sathianathan was sacked by Selangor due to a string of poor results after the Malaysian Super League resumed.
Personal life and views
Regarding the continuation of playing in the Malaysia Football League throughout the Ramadan fasting period, he mentioned that "Football leagues in Arabian countries (where the Muslim population are greater than Malaysia) also don't stop during Ramadan. In fact, the festivities and spirit are felt on the pitch too", as reported by Fox Sports Asia in an article.
Honours
Malaysia U-23
Champions 2007 Merdeka Tournament
Runners-up 2008 Merdeka Tournament
Kelantan FA
Champions 2010 Malaysia Cup
ATM FA
Champions 2012 Malaysia Premier League
Felda United FC
Champions 2018 Malaysia Premier League
Individual
National Football Award
Best Coach: 2010, 2012, 2017
References
External links
B. Sathianathan info at www.arsenalschoolsmalaysia.com
Living people
Malaysian people of Indian descent
Malaysian football managers
Kelantan FA managers
1958 births
Tamil sportspeople
Malaysian Hindus
Malaysia national football team managers
Dunmoe Castle is a castle and National Monument located near Navan, Ireland.
Location
Dunmoe Castle is located on the northwest bank of the Boyne, northeast of Navan.
History
The placename is probably derived from Irish Dún mBó, "hillfort of cattle," suggesting that a Gaelic Irish fort was on this site before the later castle. The castle was built for the D'Arcy family in the mid-15th century and marked the western edge of The Pale. According to the Civil Survey (1654–6) Thomas Darcy owned the entire parish and on the premises there was ‘a Castle, a Church, a Mill, an Orchard and a fishing weare'.
During the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland in 1649 the Castle was fired upon from the south bank by passing troops on their way from Drogheda to Athboy, but avoided any real damage.
According to legend, the occupant, George d'Arcy, entertained King James on the night before the Battle of the Boyne (1690) and King William the day after, inspiring the couplet: "Who will be king, I do not know, But I'll be d'Arcy of Dunmoe."
The two-storey building attached to the east may be an 18th-century addition. A drawing of 1795 shows the castle intact. It was burned down during the Irish Rebellion of 1798. Now only the two southern towers and some walls remain.
Building
The castle is an Anglo-Norman donjon (keep). It was originally a rectangle (15 × 10 m, 16 × 11 yds) with a tower at each corner. Two of these towers have crumbled, as has the entire back part of the castle.
The ground floor is buried but was vaulted and had a loft and arrowslits on the south wall. The newel stairs in the southwest tower have a gun loop. A nearby chapel contains the tombs of the D'Arcys.
References
National Monuments in County Meath
Castles in County Meath
Rakle is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 7 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 7
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
János Spisák (born 23 September 1961) is a Hungarian biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Hungarian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Hungary
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Miskolc
Janus van der Zande (16 September 1924 – 7 August 2016) was a Dutch marathon runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Halsteren.
References
1924 births
2016 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Dutch male marathon runners
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Bergen op Zoom
Challenge (formerly Challenge Mills) is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California. It is located on Dry Creek northeast of Marysville.
A post office opened at Challenge in 1895.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Challenge has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
Tony Free (born 27 June 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL/AFL between 1987 and 1996 for the Richmond Football Club. He played one game in the 1987 season (wearing No. 49) and then became a regular player from 1988 (wearing No. 30).
Free's career was cut short by a knee injury and he retired in 1996. His last game was against Geelong in round 5 of 1996.
Free captained the club for three seasons from 1994 and was appointed a Director of the club in June 2008. In December 2013, he became a Life Member of the club.
In 2019 Free was inducted into the Richmond 'Hall of Fame'.
References
Publications
Hogan P: The Tigers Of Old, Richmond FC, Melbourne 1996
External links
1969 births
Living people
Richmond Football Club players
Prahran Football Club players
Prahran Football Club coaches
Jack Dyer Medal winners
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Victorian State of Origin players
Alexander Daniel Alan Macmillan, 2nd Earl of Stockton (born 10 October 1943) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.<ref>"Earl Alexander Macmillan speaks at Royal Hotel dinner". Scarborough Evening News, April 17, 2008</ref> He is the eldest son of the Conservative politician Maurice Macmillan and grandson of prime minister Harold Macmillan, 1st Earl of Stockton.
Early life and education
Born in Oswestry, Shropshire, Stockton was educated at Eton College, the University of Paris, and at Strathclyde University.
Career
He was a Conservative member of the European Parliament for South West England from 1999 to 2004. He was one of the hereditary peers to have been excluded from the House of Lords. Stockton had inherited his peerage from his grandfather, Harold Macmillan, 1st Earl of Stockton, who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1957 to 1963, upon his death at the end of 1986, as his father was already deceased.
Stockton has been an unsuccessful candidate sixteen times in the by-elections held among hereditary peers for a seat in the House of Lords, as of 2019. Most notably, in 2007 he came third in a contest to replace Lord Mowbray, behind the winner, Lord Cathcart, and Lord Younger of Leckie; in the 2010 by-election to replace Lord Northesk, he came second behind Lord Younger of Leckie; in 2011 he lost to Lord Hanworth in a ballot for the seat of the deceased Lord Strabolgi; and in 2014 he lost out to the Earl of Oxford and Asquith.
At the May 2011 local council elections, Stockton was elected as a Conservative councillor on South Bucks district council. He represented the Denham South ward, and did not stand at the subsequent 2015 local elections.
Both his father Maurice Macmillan (1921–1984) and his grandfather preceded him as chairmen of Macmillan Publishers Ltd., the publishing house long owned by the family. Stockton sold it to the German Holtzbrinck group. He ranked 253rd in the Sunday Times 2004 Rich List'', with an estimated wealth of £165m.
Stockton renovated Hayne Manor with his current wife in Devon and listed it for sale.
On 29 April 2002, Stockton appeared alongside several other relatives of deceased former prime ministers, as well as then-prime minister Tony Blair and the four surviving former prime ministers at the time (Edward Heath, James Callaghan, Margaret Thatcher and John Major), for a dinner at Buckingham Palace which formed part of the celebrations for the Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II.
Stockton is vice president of the Royal Crescent Society, Bath.
Personal life
Stockton married Hélène Birgitte Hamilton in 1970; they divorced 1991. There were three children from this marriage:
Daniel Maurice Alan Macmillan, Viscount Macmillan of Ovenden (b. 9 October 1974)
Lady Rebecca Elizabeth Macmillan (b. 1980)
Lady Louisa Alexandra Macmillan (b. 1982)
On 23 December 1995, Stockton married Miranda Quarry (1947-2020), who had been the third wife of actor Peter Sellers. Stockton and Quarry were divorced 2011. This union produced no children.
Stockton lives in Denham, Buckinghamshire. In August 2022, Stockton was banned from driving for 13 months after pleading guilty to a drink driving charge. After driving home from an event on 31 July, where he had drunk some wine, he swerved his Range Rover into parked cars, causing minor damage to the vehicles. He was fined £7,616, and told to pay costs of £2,085. The large fine was given due to his high income.
Arms
References
Sources
The Times Online report on the 2nd Earl of Stockton
Profile of Alexander Macmillan, Viscount Macmillan, 2nd Earl of Stockton
External links
1943 births
Living people
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of the University of Strathclyde
Conservative Party (UK) MEPs
Earls of Stockton
English people of American descent
English people of Scottish descent
MEPs for England 1999–2004
Alexander Macmillan, 2nd Earl of Stockton
"It Ain't Me Babe" is a song by Bob Dylan that originally appeared on his fourth album Another Side of Bob Dylan, which was released in 1964 by Columbia Records. According to music critic Oliver Trager, this song, along with others on the album, marked a departure for Dylan as he began to explore the possibilities of language and deeper levels of the human experience. Within a year of its release, the song was picked up as a single by folk rock act the Turtles and country artist Johnny Cash (who sang it as a duet with his future wife June Carter).
Influences
Dylan's biographers generally agree that the song owes its inspiration to his former girlfriend Suze Rotolo. He reportedly began writing the song during his visit to Italy in 1963 while searching for Rotolo, who was studying there.
Clinton Heylin reports that a Times reporter at a May 1964 Royal Festival Hall concert where Dylan first played "It Ain't Me" took the chorus "no, no, no" as a parody of the Beatles' "yeah, yeah, yeah" in "She Loves You".
Nat Hentoff's late October 1964 New Yorker article on Dylan includes an account of Hentoff's presence on the evening in June 1964 in the CBS recording studio when Dylan recorded this and a dozen or so other songs. After some description of the recording studio and booth exchanges among Dylan, his friends, and the session's producers, Hentoff describes the moment. "Dylan," Hentoff writes, "went on to record a song about a man leaving a girl because he was not prepared to be the kind of invincible hero and all-encompassing provider she wanted." "'It ain't me you're looking for babe,' he [Dylan] sang, with finality," Hentoff writes in his piece.
The melody in both phrases uses a scale descending through a minor third. (Dylan played at the Royal Festival Hall on Sunday, May 17, 1964. The Times reviewed the performance in the following day's edition under the heading of "A Minnesota Minstrel." However, the review makes no mention of "It Ain't Me, Babe.")
Renditions
Dylan and Johnny Cash were admirers of each other's work. Cash recorded the song with June Carter. The song was released on Cash's 1965 album, Orange Blossom Special, and became a hit. This song was also featured in the 2005 film about Cash's life, Walk the Line, and was performed by Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon on the film's soundtrack.
In 1965, The Turtles also had a breakthrough hit single of the song, which reached #8 in the U.S. and was then featured on their debut album of the same name.
Jan & Dean covered the song on their 1965 album, Folk 'n Roll.
"It Ain't Me Babe" was among many Dylan songs recorded by Joan Baez in the early years of her career. Baez's version appeared on her 1964 album Joan Baez/5, which also included "Go 'Way From My Window." Additionally, Baez's 1967 album Live In Japan contains the song. Dylan and Baez sang a duet of "It Ain't Me Babe" at the Newport Folk Festival on July 24, 1964, as can be seen in the 2007 documentary film The Other Side of the Mirror, and their October 31, 1964 performance of it may be heard on The Bootleg Series Vol. 6: Bob Dylan Live 1964, Concert at Philharmonic Hall, released in 2004.
Sebastian Cabot recorded a spoken-word variation of the song for his infamous Sebastian Cabot, actor...Bob Dylan, poet album in 1966. This version was included in Golden Throats: The Great Celebrity Sing Off in 1988.
Nancy Sinatra covered "It Ain't Me Babe" on her 1966 Boots album.
Flatt & Scruggs covered the song, as well as a number of other Bob Dylan songs on their 1968 album Changin' Times.
Davy Jones covered the song on his 1965 self-titled debut album David Jones and released it as a single in 1967.
Johnny Thunders covered the song on his 1983 album Hurt Me.
Silvertide covered the song in 2006 for the soundtrack for Lady in the Water
Christofer Drew of Never Shout covered the song in 2010 for Billboard'''s website Billboard.com.
The pop-punk band New Found Glory covered the song on their album From the Screen to Your Stereo Part II.
Bryan Ferry covered the song on Another Time, Another Place album in 1974
Kesha covered the song during the 2016 Billboard Music Awards.
Adam Harvey and Beccy Cole covered the song on their album The Great Country Songbook Volume 2 (2017).
Soul singer Bettye LaVette included the song on her 2018 Dylan covers album Things Have Changed.
Married Canadian duo Melissa McClelland and Luke Doucet of Whitehorse covered the song on their album The Road to Massey Hall (2013).
Jesse Cook featuring Melissa McClelland covered the song on his album Frontiers'' (2007).
Yugoslav rock band Crni Biseri released a Serbo-Croatian cover of the song, entitled "Nisam onaj koga želiš", in 1966.
References
External links
BobDylan.com lyrics
1964 songs
1965 singles
Songs written by Bob Dylan
Bob Dylan songs
Johnny Cash songs
Joan Baez songs
June Carter Cash songs
Peter, Paul and Mary songs
The Turtles songs
The Byrds songs
Davy Jones songs
Song recordings produced by Tom Wilson (record producer)
Columbia Records singles
The 2015–16 season was the season of competitive football (soccer) in Cape Verde.
Diary of the season
João Lopes Rodrígues became chairman of Solpontense
September 4 - Daniel de Jesus became president of CS Mindelense succeeding Adilson Nascimento
September 12 - Orlando Delgago became president of Rosariense Clube, a club in the Santo Antão North Zone's Second Division
September 16 - Desportivo de Assomada celebrated its 25th anniversary of the foundation of the club
September 23:
Portuguese coach Joel de Castro who was coaching Spartak d'Aguadinha started to coach Boavista FC Praia
Jaime Veiga became coach of Spartak d'Aguadinha
October:
David Brito succeeded Nelson Figueiredo as coach of FC Juventude in Sal
Janito Carvalho was again coach of Sporting Clube da Praia
Domingo Gomes succeeded Djulinano Santos as president of Sport Clube Verdun of Sal, Dujlinano became manager of FC Juventude of Sal
Marineida da Graça became the first female president of FC Ultramarina
October 2 - Lúcio Antunes was transferred from Progresso Associação do Sambizanga, an Angolan football club to Académico do Aeroporto as coach, he succeeded Carlos Moniz
October 24:
Amarildo Baessa was elected president of Cutelinho
Mario Pinto became coach of Botafogo FC of Fogo
October 29 - Djo Bracó succeeded Osvaldinho Rocha as president of Onze Estrelas
November 6 - Osvaldinho Silva Lopes succeeded Elísio Silva as coach or president
November 7:
The 2015-16 Fogo Island League begins
Mindelense won their third title for the São Vicente SuperCup after defeating Amarante
November 13 - the 2015-16 Santiago Island League (South) begins
November 15 - Both Académica and Sporting Praia took the number one lead in the Santiago South Premier Division with 3 points each
November 22 - Eugénio Lima took the number one spot for Santiago South with 4 points
November 29 - Celtic da Praia defeated Os Garridos 1-3 and took the number one spot for Santiago South with 7 points
December 3 - GDRC Fiorentina announced to return after a three-year absence from the Southern Santo Antão Island League to financial concerns their first match of the season was against Lajedos
December 12
The 2015-16 Santiago Island League (North) begins, the Second Division was restored after a nearly ten-year hiatus
Gaming schedules for the Santo Antão North Zone's new season finished
December 13:
Académica da Praia took the number one position and kept it for the next seven rounds for Santiago South
Académica do Porto Novo won the Santo Antão South Zone Super Cup title for the season
Late-December: Académica do Porto Novo won their first and only title for the first edition of the Santo Antão Island Super Cup
January 9
the 2015-16 Brava Island League begins
the 2015-16 Santo Antão Island League (South) begins, one of the first matches of the season was Fiorenta and Lajedos, Fiorentina's next match in over three years
Mid-January - The first ever single island Santo Antão Cup took place
January 16
2015-16 Boa Vista Island League begins
2015-16 Santo Antão Island League (North) begins
2015-16 São Nicolau Island League begins
2015-16 São Vicente Island League begins
January 17 - Batuque defeated Amarante 2-0 and took the number one lead for the São Vicente Premier Division for a week
January 23 - the 2015-16 Maio Island League begins
January 31 - CD Falcões do Norte defeated Salamansa FC 0-4 and took the number one spot for São Vicente for two weeks
February 6:
2015-16 Sal Island League begins with two additional clubs totalling eight
FC Derby defeated SC Farense 1-3 and took the number one spot for a week for São Vicente with 5 points
February 13:
Boavista Praia took the number one spot for Santiago South with 28 points
Mindelense took the number one spot for São Vicente for the rest of the season
February 20 - ADESBA took the number one spot for Santiago South for just four rounds
March 20–24: No sports competitions due to the Parliamentary elections that took place
March 25 - Desportivo Praia defeated Vitória da Praia 4-0 and took the number one spot for Santiago South for a week
March 27: Brava Island League: Juventude Furna defeated Benfica 0-16 and made it the highest scoring match of any of the island leagues for the season in the nation
April 3:
Académica Fogo defeated São Lourenço 1-12 and made it the highest scoring match of the Fogo Premier Division and was second of any of the island leagues for the season in the nation
Sporting Praia took the number one spot for Santiago South for a week
April 10 - Desportivo Praia retook the number one spot for Santiago South for a week
April 11 - Sporting Clube da Brava won their third consecutive and recent title for Brava and qualified into the national championships
April 16 - Mindelense's record of 34 matches without a loss at the regional championships ended as the club lost to Amarante 2-0, their next loss in two years
April 17:
Sinagoga, the village's club located between Ribeira Grande and Paul was listed as regional champions for the first time
Sporting Praia regained the number one spot for Santiago South for a week
April 20 - ABC de Patim returned to the regional premier division in the following season after winning the promotional final match
April 21 - Académico do Aeroporto won their fourteenth title for Sal and their second consecutive title and again qualified into the national championships
April 23:
Académica do Porto Novo's approximate 50 match (5 year) record without a loss at the regional championships finished as the club lost to Marítimo 2-0, also it was a record numbering about 60 combining with the South Zone's cup and super cup matches and not with the single Santo Antão Cup as they lost one match. At home matches, the record continues.
Académica do Porto Novo won their tenth title for Southern Santo Antão (eleventh of a combined total with the former Santo Antão Championships) and their sixth consecutive, one of around six clubs to win six consecutive titles in history of any of the regional leagues in Cape Verde, the club qualified into the national championships
April 24:
Mindelense's long record without a home loss at the regionals numbering 18 in the regionals came to an end after losing to Derby 0-1.
Desportivo Praia retook the number one spot for Santiago South and held it for the last three weeks of the season
CS Mindelense won their record forty-eight title and qualified into the national championships
Sinagoga won their first and only title for Northern Santo Antão and qualified into the national championships for the first time
Vulcânicos won their ninth and recent title and qualified into the national championships
Lajedos was the first cup winner of the single Santo Antão Island Cup
Académica do Porto Novo won their fourth consecutive cup title for Santo Antão South
Paulense won their cup title for Santo Antão North
May 1:
Sport Sal Rei Club won their ninth title for Boa Vista, their next in five years and qualified into the national championships
Salamansa FC won their first and only cup title for São Vicente
May 4: Original date of the Santiago South Cup finals, it was rescheduled to April 15, 2017 and GDRC Delta won their only cup title for Santiago South
May 7 - SC Atlético won their seventh title for São Nicolau and qualified into the national championships
May 8 - All qualifiers into the national championship listed including Académico do Aeroporto, winner of Sal, Desportivo da Praia won their regional title in 26 years, the first as the divided Santiago South Zone, Desportivo returned in four years, their last entry was a second place club as the 2013 island champion Sporting was also national champion in 2012, Varandinha, champion of Santiago North competed for the first time and Académico 83 of Maio
May 13 - A day before the national championships started, the match between Desportivo Praia and Varandinha was rescheduled to June 1 due to some rivalry
May 14 - The National Championships begun
June 1: Originally for May 15, the rescheduled Desportivo Praia-Varandinha match took place and Varandinha defeated that club 1-3
June 4: Mindelense defeated Sal Rei 5-2 and made it the highest scoring match of the season
June 12 - Regular season ended and Mindelense, Derby and Académica Porto Novo qualified into the semis, also Varandinha qualified for the first time
June 18 - Playoffs began
June 25: With a total of six goals scored in two matches between Mindelense and Varandinha, Mindelense became the first of two clubs to qualify for the finals
June 26: Académica Porto Novo scored the first two goals in the first half of the second leg before Derby did in the second half, Académica Porto Novo qualified into the finals under the away goals rule
July 2: The finals began, and was the last finals match featuring two clubs from the same island chain, Académica Porto Novo defeated Mindelense 0-1
July 9 - The second leg of the finals began and was the last finals matches at the championships, Mindelense defeated Académica 0-1, as each had a total of a goal each, it went into extra time and then the penalty shootouts where Mindelense won 4-5 and claimed a record twelfth title and won four consecutive titles, the last club who won four consecutive national titles was Sporting Praia.
Final standings
Cape Verdean Football Championships
Two number one clubs finished first and were FC Derby (of Group A) and CS Mindelense (of Group), Derby had a draw and Mindelense had two, neither had any losses, Derby scored 8 and Mindelense scored 11, along with GD Varandinha for the first time and Académica do Porto Novo. Mindelense and Académica do Porto Novo (on away goals) advanced while Varandinha and Derby lost. In four years, Mindelense again competed with Académica do Porto Novo and a goal in each of the two matches, second consecutive time that both clubs had the same goal totals, again Mindelense won 4-3 in penalty kicks in the last match and claimed their twelfth and recent national title.
Group A
Group B
Final Stages
Island or regional competitions
Regional Championships
Regional Cups
Regional Super Cups
The 2015 champion winner played with a 2015 cup winner (when a club won both, a second place club competed).
Regional Opening Tournaments
Transfer deals
Summer-Fall transfer window
The September/October transfer window runs from the end of the previous season in September up to mid-October.
Kelvi (Kelvi Lévi Lopes) from Académica Praia to Sporting Praia
Moisés Lopes from Boavista to Académica Praia
M.Teixeira from Travadores to Desportivo Praia
Maldini from Travadores to Desportivo Praia
Rodi from Poli Timişoara to Sporting Praia
Xibaka from CS Mindelense to Boavista Praia
Ezeijofor Ezenwa from Travadores to Celtic Praia
See also
2015 in Cape Verde
2016 in Cape Verde
Timeline of Cape Verdean football
Notes
References
2015 in association football
2016 in association football
Imma caelestis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in western China.
The wingspan is 36–38 mm. The forewings are purple blackish with the costal edge ochreous whitish except towards the extremities. There is an irregular orange basal spot not reaching the margins, connected by an irregular mark with the dorsum near the base. The veins are more or less marked by whitish-yellowish lines edged with a pale bluish tinge, not reaching the margins, the broadest on 1b and the lower and posterior margins of the cell, partially or quite obsolete on veins 2, 5, 6, and 9. A similar dorsal streak is found from one-fourth to beyond the middle. The hindwings are blackish fuscous, lighter towards the base and with a pale orange median dash from the base and an orange subdorsal streak, not quite reaching the termen.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Rebel Planet is a role-playing video game published by Adventure Soft in 1985 for the Acorn Electron, Amstrad CPC, BBC Micro, Commodore 64, and ZX Spectrum.
Gameplay
Rebel Planet is an adaptation of the Fighting Fantasy gamebook, Rebel Planet.
Reception
Zzap!64 reviewed the game, rating it 52% overall, and stated that "Rebel Planet is a fairly standard effort ... The graphics are pleasantly drawn as well so those who don't have the necessary imagination to view their surroundings in adventure games should not be disappointed. Those who are more interested in the flexibility of the plot and interactive capability of the game may be."
Reviews
Computer and Video Games (May, 1986)
Aktueller Software Markt (Jun, 1986)
Computer Gamer (Oct, 1986)
Crash! (Aug, 1986)
Sinclair User (Aug, 1986)
Your Sinclair (Sep, 1986)
Amtix! (Nov, 1986)
References
1985 video games
Amstrad CPC games
BBC Micro and Acorn Electron games
Commodore 64 games
Video games based on novels
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games set on fictional planets
ZX Spectrum games
Ang Mey ( ; 1815 – December 1874) was a monarch of Cambodia. Her official title was Samdech Preah Mahā Rājinī Ang Mey. She was one of few female rulers in Cambodia's history, and the first one since Queen Tey. Installed on the Cambodian throne by the Vietnamese, her reign was dominated by the Siamese-Vietnamese War (1841–1845).
Queen Ang Mey, also known by her Vietnamese title Ngọc-Vân-công-chúa (Princess Ngọc Vân), was proclaimed monarch on the death of her father by the Vietnamese faction at court with the title of "Chân Lạp quận chúa" (Duchess of Cambodia) in January 1835, then deposed in August 1840 with the demoted title of "Mỹ-Lâm-quận-chúa" (Duchess of Mỹ Lâm). She was reinstated in 1844, and again removed from the throne by the Vietnamese and taken to Huế with her sisters in 1845.
Biography
Early life
Ang Mey was born in 1815 as the second daughter of Ang Chan II, King of Cambodia during the Oudong period, by his second wife, Neak Moneang Krachap.
After King Ang Chan II died in 1834, there was no heir apparent to the Cambodian throne. The king had no son but four daughters: Princess Baen, Mey, Peou and Sngon. This delighted Vietnam and Siam, both of which wanted to eliminate the royal rulers in Cambodia. Although Ang Chan's surviving brothers, Ang Im and Ang Duang, immediately laid claim to the throne, the Vietnamese then occupying Cambodia did not allow them to be crowned.
Instead, the Vietnamese emperor and the Cambodian courtiers chose to install Ang Chan II's eldest daughter, Princess Ang Baen, as the sovereign. However, she was passed over due to her being sympathetic to the Thai court's interests and her refusal to marry the emperor's son. Ang Mey was an alternative to her sister, Baen. A Thai manuscript stated that the Vietnamese had tried to persuade Ang Mey to marry the son of emperor Gia Long in order to facilitate the incorporation of Cambodia into Vietnam, however this plan was abandoned at strong objections from Cambodian nobles.
Puppet queen
In May 1835, Ang Mey was crowned with the title of quận chúa (郡主) or "Commandery Princess," a title of princess which was lower than công chúa (公主), bestowed by the court of Hué. Her three sisters were given the title huyện quân (縣君), or "sub-prefecture ladies". The Vietnamese kept close guard over the Ang princesses. Queen Ang Mey had two companies of soldiers, 100 men in total, for her personal protection. The other three Cambodian princesses were each assigned thirty soldiers. Ostensibly for their safety, the guards were in reality assigned to ensure that they did not escape.
During Ang Mey's reign, all Cambodian women were ordered to wear Vietnamese-style garments :vi:áo ngũ thân instead of the khmer sampot (similar to the sarong), and had to grow their hair long in Vietnamese style. The market sold only Vietnamese food. Khmer classical dance had assimilated elements of Vietnamese and Chinese tradition. Cambodian officials had to don Vietnamese ceremonial garb. Wats were destroyed in order to eradicate the Khmer identity. Places also received Vietnamese names. The area around Phnom Penh was renamed Tran Tay, or "Western Commandery". The Cambodian people, not accustomed to be ruled by a Queen and despairing of the "Vietnamization" of their country, asked the Siamese to install a male ruler, Ang Duong, brother of Ang Chan II.
In 1840, the elder sister of Ang Mey, Princess Baen, was discovered corresponding with her mother and uncle who were living in Battambang and planning to escape to them. The princess was imprisoned pending her trial in Phnom Penh. The Vietnamese emperor, Minh Mạng, demoted Mey and the other princesses. In August 1841 they were all arrested and deported to Vietnam along with the royal regalia. Around that time, some of Ang Mey's relatives were imprisoned on the island of Poulo Condore. According to Thai and Cambodian sources, Ang Baen was drowned in the Mekong river, although Khin Sok states that Baen was tortured to death by the Vietnamese general and her body thrown in the river.
Spurred by the death of Princess Ang Baen and the absence of their Queen Ang Mey, many Cambodian courtiers and their followers revolted against the Vietnamese rule. Seizing the opportunity Siam invaded Cambodia in an attempt to install Ang Duong on the throne as their own puppet, triggering the Siamese–Vietnamese War (1841–45). In an attempt to defuse the rebellion, Vietnamese officials in Phnom Penh called for the return of Mey to Cambodia but the emperor Ming Mang refused. Only when the Vietnamese counter-offensive gained momentum and victory seemed assured was Mey returned to Phnom Penh. Her proclamation in March 1844 intended for the provincial officials and leaders sought their support while Ang Duong issued similar appeals from Oudong for his claim to the throne. Queen Ang Mey was reinstated as a queen and her sisters, Poeu and Sngon, as sub-prefecture rulers, in 1844.
As the warring factions fought to a stalemate in 1845, the Thai and Vietnamese initiated talks to resolve the Cambodian succession. In October 1846, the Vietnamese released the daughter and other family members of Ang Duong to join him in Oudong. Vietnam and Siam forged a compromise whereby both Ang Duong and Ang Mey would rule together are co-sovereigns. However, when the simultaneous coronation was held in Bangkok and Phnom Penh in 1848, records only show Ang Duong's accession to the throne. His niece, Ang Mey, was recorded as his successor instead of co-sovereign.
Later life
After her reign concluded, Ang Mey lived with memories of death and dishonour for over twenty years. She did not succeed the throne after Ang Duong's death. His son and heir, Norodom, left her in the care of an old retainer when he and his court moved to Phnom Penh. At Oudong, Ang Mey carried on, although sources described her as "unbalanced" when she took merchandise by her right as queen. Her servants had to intervene to placate the merchants.
She later married an unknown man and had two daughters. She and her husband died in an accident in late December 1874 but were cremated at Phnom Penh in 1884.
Legacy and aftermath
Ang Mey was portrayed as a puppet of the Vietnamese emperor and officials in sources like The Cambodia Chronicle. Ang Duong took care to emphasize association between Mey and the Vietnamese, and blamed her rule for the loss of indentured slaves. Most chronicles of the period imply that the Cambodian courtiers acquiesced to Ang Mey as their sovereign while secretly holding out for Ang Im or Ang Duong to return as sovereign. There were even rumors that Mey was a concubine of Truong Minh Giang, the Vietnamese governor in Phnom Penh but there is no historical evidence of such a liaison. Others tempered their allegation of Ang Mey's misdeeds; the once beautiful princess may have sold her country, but not her body, to the Vietnamese.
During the succession crisis, Ang Mey did seem to seek a peaceful solution to the factional strife in Cambodia, corresponding through Ang Duong's envoys that she wished for a return to peace and the family's reunion. This may have been at diplomatic response; the Vietnamese annals described her as an intelligent young lady at the time of her accession. Sudden and forced relocations to Vietnam and back, the murder of her sisters, and continued changes in her status may have induced hysterical or untoward behaviour. By the end of her reign, Ang Mey reportedly was mad.
Cambodian history has constructed Mey as a passive victim hardly legitimate in the eye of her own people, her reign a disaster during which Khmer territory, culture, and independence was almost lost. While it cannot be denied that the Vietnamese were in control of Cambodia during Ang Mey's reign, she inherited a country that had already been mortgaged to the Court of Hué by her father, Ang Chan II. Mey was crowned sovereign of a kingdom under Vietnamese overlordship. It is difficult to ascertain what course of action other than acquiescence was available to her.
References
19th-century Cambodian monarchs
Cambodian queens
Cambodian Buddhist monarchs
1874 deaths
1815 births
19th-century women rulers
19th-century Cambodian women
Tamaroa may refer to:
Tamaroa (tribe), a tribe of Native Americans in the United States
Tamaroa, Illinois, a village in the United States
Tamaroa, Kiribati, a village in the Republic of Kiribati
USCGC Tamaroa (1921), a United States Coast Guard Cutter
USCGC Tamaroa (WMEC-166) (1935-1994), a United States Coast Guard Cutter
SS Tamaroa (1921-1957), a British ocean liner of Shaw, Savill & Albion Line
USCGC Tamaroa, several US Coast Guard ships with this name
Richard Robson "Rick" Brettell (January 17, 1949 – July 24, 2020) was an American art historian and museum director recognized for his transformative impact on the arts in Dallas, Texas. Noted for his prowess as a curator, fundraiser, and institution-builder, he was hailed in the Dallas Morning News as a "rainmaker extraordinaire" and "the most culturally 'important' man in Dallas."
Brettell moved to Dallas in 1988 to become the Director of the Dallas Museum of Art, a position he held until 1992. He would later join the faculty of the University of Texas at Dallas, where he served as Margaret M. McDermott Distinguished Chair of Art and Aesthetic Studies and inaugural director of the Edith O'Donnell Institute of Art History. During his time at UT Dallas, Brettell spearheaded the university's successful efforts to acquire the Barrett Collection of Swiss Art and the Crow Collection of Asian Art. Both collections will be housed in the future UT Dallas Athenaeum, a reading room of which is to be named for Brettell. At the time of his death in 2020, Brettell was campaigning for the creation of the "Museum of Texas Art"—or MoTA—at Dallas' art deco Fair Park.
For his achievements, Brettell was made a Chevalier and Commandeur of the Ordre des Arts et Lettres and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He is also the namesake for the Richard Brettell Award in the Arts at UT Dallas, as well as the Dallas Museum of Art's Richard R. Brettell Lecture Series on 19th and 20th century European art.
Early life and education
Brettell was born in Rochester, New York and moved to Denver, Colorado in the 2nd grade. He later attended Yale University, where at first he planned to study molecular biophysics. His encounter with Yale professor George Kubler, however, convinced him to shift his focus to the arts. Brettell would remain at Yale to receive his Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD degrees, completing his dissertation, "Pissaro and Pontoise," under the supervision of Anne Coffin Hanson.
At Yale, Brettell also met Caroline Brettell (née Bieler), who he married in 1973. That same year they moved to Paris for a year and Portugal for six months for Caroline's dissertation fieldwork.
Early career
In 1976, Brettell accepted an offer to join the faculty at the University of Texas at Austin as an Assistant Professor of the History of Art. He quickly became a student favorite for his engaging lectures and a popular course, "Modern Art and the City of Paris."
In 1980, Brettell left academia to become the Searle Curator of European Painting at the Art Institute of Chicago. He oversaw the renovation of the Institute's European art collection and organized numerous international exhibitions, including A Day in the Country, Impressionism and the French Landscape, for which he would be designated a Chevalier of the Ordre des Artes et Lettres by the French government.
Director of the DMA and Aftermath
In 1988, Brettell left Chicago to become McDermott Director of the Dallas Museum of Art. He quickly developed a reputation as an ambitious, blunt, and somewhat rebellious leader—D Magazine ran a lengthy article on his first two years at the museum with the heading "Art's Bad Boy." Still, despite significant budget constraints and some controversy, Brettell's tenure at the DMA was marked by remarkable expansion: the museum hosted international exhibitions on the arts of Latin America and Africa, acquired more than 3,000 objects, and began construction on a 140,000 sq. ft addition, the Nancy and Jake Hamon Building. In 1992, Brettell partnered with Joachim Pissarro to present The Impressionist and the City: Pissarro's Series, the first exhibition on Camille Pissarro's cityscapes.
Brettell remained open to a long future at the DMA, telling D Magazine in 1990, "It's possible I'll be here ten years. It's possible I'll be here the rest of my life. I can't see things through." His directorship came to a sudden and scandalous end in 1992, however, when he was arrested as part of a Dallas police sting and pressured by a divided board to resign. The sting and the media's reporting on Brettell's arrest were criticized by the American Civil Liberties Union of Texas, D Magazine, and the Dallas Observer.
Though ousted, Brettell continued to be actively involved with the DMA, consulting on the Hamon wing, which opened in 1993. After leaving the DMA, he found renewed success as a museum consultant, founding president of the Dallas Architecture Forum, and Vice President in charge of programming for the McKinney Avenue Contemporary (MAC). The MAC is a nonprofit arts organization founded by Claude Albritton III, a former DMA board member who had disagreed with Brettell's treatment in the wake of his arrest. In the mid-1990s, as the DMA experienced an extended "exhibition drought," the MAC was viewed by some as a rival of the museum, or even, as D Magazine put it at the time, "Brettell's popular government-in-exile."
Returning to Academia and FRAME
In 1998, Brettell accepted a position as Professor of Aesthetic Studies at the University of Texas at Dallas. The following year he founded the university's Center for the Interdisciplinary Study of Museums. In 2005, he was appointed the Margaret M. McDermott Distinguished Chair of Art and Aesthetic Studies. Brettell also continued working as a curator, and in 2010 organized Pissarro's People, a widely-reviewed exhibition of 92 works by Camille Pissarro at the Clark Art Institute.
In 2014, UT Dallas received a $17 million gift from donor Edith O'Donnell to establish an art institute. Brettell was tapped to serve as the institute's founding director. Under his leadership, the Edith O'Donnell Institute of Art History created a new master's degree program and developed international research partnerships with Nanjing University and Museo di Capodimonte.
Alongside his academic work, Brettell worked as an art critic for the Dallas Morning News and founded and led the French Regional and American Museum Exchange (FRAME). For his work with FRAME, he was made a Commandeur of the Ordre des Arts et Lettres by the French government in 2010. In 2016, Margaret McDermott made a gift to UT Dallas to establish the Richard Brettell Award in the Arts, a $150,000 award to be given every other year to a person "whose body of work demonstrates a lifetime of achievement in their field." In 2017, the first Brettell Award went to celebrated landscape architect Peter Walker.
Final Years, the Athenaeum, and MoTA
Brettell's final years were marked by further writing, organization, and advocacy for the arts in North Texas. He was credited with helping UT Dallas, a university founded on the model of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, develop a burgeoning reputation as a center for the study of the arts. With his help, the university succeeded in acquiring the Barrett Collection of Swiss Art in 2018 and the Crow Collection of Asian Art in 2019. As of 2021, UT Dallas plans to house both collections in the future UT Dallas Athenaeum, a Morphosis-designed museum and arts complex described as Brettell's "magnum opus." The university has announced that a reading room in the museum will be named for Brettell.
Before his death from prostate cancer in July 2020, Brettell also took up the cause of what he and his collaborators called the "Museum of Texas Art," or MoTA. The MoTA board envisioned a $46 million-plus rehabilitation of the old Science Place building at Fair Park—the home of the original Dallas Museum of Fine Arts—to create a new museum devoted to Texas art, important pieces of which have languished in storage at leading museums. In June 2020, the board of Fair Park First, the nonprofit corporation that manages Fair Park, voted 12-0 to pass on the MoTA proposal to instead pursue occupancy negotiations with Spark!, a nonprofit that designs creative environments for children. Brettell told the Dallas Morning News that he was "devastated" by the decision, arguing that, "The former DMFA building cries out to be filled with works of art again." Following Brettell's death, a tribute in D Magazine called for honoring his legacy by redoubling efforts to make his "dream of a Museum of Texas Art a reality."
Legacy
Brettell's death in July 2020 was met with various tributes, including a front-page story in the Dallas Morning News. Commentary on his legacy centered on his abilities as a scholar, fundraiser, and institution-builder, highlighting his stature as a "towering figure" who revolutionized the arts in North Texas between the late 1980s and 2020.
References
1949 births
2020 deaths
People from Rochester, New York
Yale University alumni
American curators
American art historians
University of Texas at Dallas faculty
University of Texas at Austin faculty
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Commandeurs of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Historians from New York (state)
William Brodrick (born 31 January 1960) is a British novelist, famous in particular for his first novel The Sixth Lamentation, which was selected for the Richard and Judy Book Club. He also won the Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger award in 2009 for his novel A Whispered Name.
Brodrick joined the order of the Augustinians after obtaining his A-levels and then, following the Order's advice, attended Heythrop College, University of London where he read philosophy and theology. He subsequently left the Order and completed the Common Professional Examination (Law) course in Manchester. After passing his Bar Finals, Brodrick moved to Newcastle upon Tyne where he practised as a barrister for ten years.
In his tenth year of practice, Brodrick had a change of vocation and wrote his first novel, The Sixth Lamentation, in his spare time. The international success of this first stride into the world of writing allowed Brodrick to leave his chambers and move to Normandy, France where he became a novelist full-time. He wrote six novels in the Father Anselm series and, subsequently, three under the pen name John Fairfax (Summary Justice, Blind Defence and Forced Confessions). He still lives in the Normandy village he originally moved to with his wife and three children.
Works
Father Anselm series
The Sixth Lamentation (1999)
The Gardens of the Dead (2006)
A Whispered Name (2008)
The Day of the Lie (2012)
The Discourtesy of Death (2013)
The Silent Ones (2015)
Benson and de Vere series (as John Fairfax)
Summary Justice (2017)
Blind Defence (2018)
Forced Confessions (2020)
Interviews
Book Browse Interview
References
Living people
1960 births
British writers
The Coton de Tuléar is a breed of small dog named for the city of Tuléar (also known as Toliara) in Madagascar. This breed is thought to have originated from a group of small white dogs that swam across the Malagasy channel following a shipwreck. Known for its cotton-like coat, the Coton de Tuléar typically grows to no more than , and are white, sometimes with grey, tan, black, or tri-colored markings. The Coton de Tuléar Day is celebrated on November 26th.
Description
Appearance
Multiple registries with differing standards describe the Coton de Tuléar, but it generally has very soft voluptuous hair (as opposed to fur), comparable to a cotton ball (hence its name in French, coton meaning cotton), a prominent black nose, large expressive eyes (usually covered by bangs), and somewhat short legs. The Coton de Tuléar's tail should curl over its back.
Coat and color
The Coton de Tuléar has a medium-to-long, fluffy, cotton-like coat that is considered hair rather than fur. It is a non-shedding breed with low dander and is considered hypoallergenic. When it is a puppy, it may shed its puppy coat. Like the poodles, Maltese or the Havanese, this breed has very low allergic effects. Matted hair is common for this breed and should be removed through daily brushing and combing. Grooming the Coton de Tulear can be quite a challenge.
The Coton de Tuléar comes in three accepted colors: white (sometimes with tan markings; all white is preferred by show breeders); black and white; and tricolor. However, the tan and white may become all white, the blacks will often fade to grey or white, and fur will most likely change throughout puppyhood. The breed even has a fade gene that causes the colors, which are very dark when a puppy, to fade and turn white at the base of the hair as it lengthens; that is why the Champagne or Champagne Teddy Bear Coton eventually turns white when the adult hair comes in.) The Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard specifies that the Coton's coat should be white but may also have tan or "lemon" color on their ears and body. The coat, however, must be primarily white with no black hair. The US-based Coton de Tulear Club of America allows for three different but equally favorable colorings: white, black-and-white, and tri-color, including "honey bear". White is described as nearly all white, sometimes with tan or champagne coloring on the ears, face, or back. Black-and-white is defined as pure white with prominent black patches on the head and body (no white-to-black ratio is specified or favored). Tri-color is described as mostly white with some brown markings and dustings of black on the body and head. A honey bear tri-color has light brown with black tips that gradually fades to an off-white or lemon color. The tri-color loses the most color of any of the color varieties, usually becoming mostly white with possibly some champagne markings and a dusting of black hairs on the ears and/or body.
Size
The Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard gives the Coton's weight as for males and for females. The Coton's height (including tolerance) is tall for males and for females.
The Coton de Tulear Club of America standard specifies the weight as no more than , with the average being between . The standard height is , except for the rare Tall Coton, which is tall. The long-limbed Tall Coton shows up in all three color varieties and can be born to a litter with normal-sized parents that carry the appropriate genes.
Detailed description
The nose is black in colour in the Coton de Tuléar Club of America standard. However, the Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard, which also favors a black nose, states that brown is tolerable as well. A pink or partly pink nose is not accepted in either standard. The standard advocates that the lips should preferably be tight and of the same colour as the nose, specifically black in the Coton de Tulear Club of America standard. A Coton de Tulear's teeth can be either in a scissor bite or pincer bite. Its eyes are normally round, dark in colour, and wide-set. Traditionally, the expression is lively, intelligent, bright, and merry. Typically, the Coton de Tulear's ears are triangular and set high. The leather of the ear is often thin, and the neck is strong, favoured to be without a dewlap, and slightly arched.
The chest is typically well developed and reaches to (FCI-Standard N° 283 / 04. 02. 2000 / GB) the elbows. A Coton de Tulear's feet are small and arched, and its back is normally strong and slightly arched. The pads of the feet are usually black. The body is of moderate length and typically has a moderate tuck-up. Traditionally, the loin is muscular and not overly long. The hind legs are normally strong and straight. The hind feet are similar to the front feet. Throughout history, the dewclaws have been removed; however, many would now oppose this arguably unnecessary and cruel procedure. The tail is traditionally low-set and tapering, carried over the back when in motion or excited, but relaxed otherwise.
Temperament
The Coton is a playful, affectionate, intelligent breed. Although generally quiet, it can become very vocal—grunting, barking, and making other noises when having fun. Cotons are known to have a habit of jumping up and walking on their hind legs to please people. Most Cotons love meeting new people and are very curious about new situations. Cotons are easy to train as they are very eager to please. Cotons love to swim, run, and play. They adapt well to any kind of living environment. A common trait of the Coton de Tulear behaviour is to come alive in the evening.
Care
The Coton has a coat that requires brushing and combing almost daily and bathing about once per week to maintain its beauty. Cotons love swimming; owners who have pools are recommended to let their Cotons play in the pool with supervision. Like poodles, they do not "shed", meaning they don't drop hair on furniture, carpeting, etc. They do lose hair; their coat's texture causes the shed hair to be trapped in the coat. If not brushed and combed daily, this breed's fur will mat up quickly and may require shaving. Cotons need a walk every day for exercise but will appreciate a play session as often as possible and have the endurance to go on a long hike. Cotons love to play with other dogs, and they are great with kids.
Health
The Coton is, in general, a healthy breed. However, there are still some health issues as there are in all breeds. The most serious issues are heart problems, liver shunts, back (disc) problems, and eye problems. Luckily, these are still relatively uncommon in the breed. The small gene pool of this breed is owing to its near extinction. Due to inbreeding by disreputable breeders, there is an increased incidence of disease. The smaller the gene pool, the more likely a breed is to have genetic abnormalities.
The Coton de Tulear has few health issues compared to many other breeds due to being rather generic in type. It is a fairly rare breed and is just now being accepted and recognized by the AKC as of 2012. The fact that this is a breed being revived from extinction means that the Coton de Tulear is rather expensive to purchase, and prices may reach $1,800.00-$3,500 per dog. The average life span of a Coton de Tulear is 14 to 19 years.
History
The Coton de Tulear developed on the island of Madagascar and is still the island's national dog. It is believed that the Tenerife dog was brought to Madagascar and mated with a dog on the island, creating an unexpected result. The Coton's ancestors were possibly brought to Madagascar in the 16th and 17th centuries aboard pirate ships. Madagascar was a haven for pirates, and pirate graveyards can still be seen there. Pirates established a base on St. Mary's Island, Madagascar and some of them took Malagasy wives. Whether the dogs were brought along to control rats on the ships, as companions for long voyages, or were confiscated from other ships as booty, no one knows. Tulear is a port now also known as Toliara. The Coton is of the Bichon dog type, linked most closely to the Bichon Tenerife and the Tenerife Terrier. There have been many stories circulating about the history of the Coton in recent years, most of them untrue. The Coton de Tulear was never feral on Madagascar. It did not hunt wild boar or crocodiles, as its size, strength, and demeanor can disprove easily. It was a companion dog of the Merina (the ruling tribe) in Madagascar. It has a very little prey drive and is not a hunting dog.
The cottony coat may be the result of a single gene mutation. This small, friendly dog caught the fancy of the Malagasy royalty, and they were the only people allowed to keep Cotons. When Dr. Robert Jay Russell discovered the breed in Madagascar in 1973 and brought the first ones to America, he coined the phrase the Royal Dog of Madagascar, and the name stuck. They were also imported occasionally into France by returning French colonists but were not officially imported to Europe until the 1970s. In 1974, Madagascar released a stamp with the image of the Coton, affirming their status as the nation's "royal dog".
The Coton de Tulear was first formally recognised as a breed by the Societe Centrale Canine (the French national kennel club) in 1970 and was accepted by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale, which published the breed standard in 1972. The Coton de Tuléar is recognised internationally through the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and by major kennel clubs (The Kennel Club (UK) in the Toy Group, and the United Kennel Club (US) in the Companion Group), using standards-based upon the Fédération Cynologique Internationale standard. The breed is not recognised by the New Zealand Kennel Club or the Australian Kennel Union. It also may be recognised in the English-speaking world by any of the very large numbers of minor registries, clubs, and internet-based dog registry businesses.
In the United States, another standard for the Coton de Tulear was developed based upon the breed in Madagascar in 1974 by a biologist, Dr. Robert Jay Russell. Russell established the Coton de Tulear Club of America in 1976 and was opposed to American Kennel Club recognition. The Coton de Tulear entered the American Kennel Club Foundation Stock Service (their first step in breed recognition) in 1996 and became a fully recognized breed on July 1, 2014. The American Kennel Club Parent Club for the breed in the United States of America Coton de Tulear Club.
See also
Dogs portal
List of dog breeds
Bichon
Rare breed (dog)
References
External links
FCI breeds
Dog breeds originating in Africa
Companion dogs
Toy dogs
Rare dog breeds
Bichon
Water World (also known as, Hyland Hills Water World or Water World Colorado) is a water park that is part of the Hyland Hills Park and Recreation District and located in Federal Heights, Colorado, roughly north of downtown Denver, Colorado. The park first opened in August 1979 with the first two waterslides in the state of Colorado, the Bonzai Pipeline. Water World is generally open from Memorial Day through Labor Day, but may be closed some school days.
The park occupies , making it one of America's largest water theme parks. In 2021, Amusement Today awarded Water World as the 5th best water park in the industry on their Golden Ticket Awards. , the park has 50 attractions including a multitude of water slides, a lazy river, inflatable tube rides, multi-guest inflatable raft rides, two wave pools, and a gondola, which offers access to and from the top of the park.
Water attractions
The park has several unique water attractions. One of the most notable is Screamin' Mimi, a ride where guests ride board-type vehicles down a roller coaster like track, reaching speeds of before landing in a pool and bouncing across the water. Other notable attractions include Glacier Run, an 8-lane head first mat slide with several steep drops; The Revolution, a 4-person cloverleaf tube ride that leads down into a tube bowl; Storm, a 4-person tube dark slide; and TurboRacer, a racing slide that features eight side by side lanes and a timed open air finish.
Water World's most famous attraction is Journey to the Center of the Earth, in which riders ride in small circular multi-passenger inflatable rafts and travel through an artificial cavern. It is themed to a newly discovered cave that reportedly has creatures from the prehistoric era still inhabiting it. It includes steep downward spirals, sudden drop offs, and various dinosaurs, including an animatronic Tyrannosaurus encounter at the end of the ride. The ride is unusual for a water park attraction in its thematic emphasis, and in that it can take in excess of 5 minutes to complete, making it one of the longest rides at any water park. Since then, the ride has had two cosmetic upgrades, the most recent in the 2011 season. The Ride has a throughput capacity of over 1,000 guests per hour.
Water World has three wave pools: Turtle Bay, a very small wave pool for toddlers, Cowabunga Beach, a small wave pool, and Thunder Bay, a large pool which holds of water. Thunder Bay features a large Pepsi advertisement on the pool floor. Thunder Bay also sports a new engine that generates multiple wave types. The only wave cycle available for guests simulates medium ocean waves creating crashing waves and strong currents in certain areas of the pool. Thunder Bay has a maximum depth of , Cowabunga Beach has a maximum depth of about , and Turtle Bay has a maximum depth of . Both have multiple points of emergency shut-offs used to immediately cut engine power from the wave rooms for added guest safety.
In 1993, Water World installed The Fun House Express (now Alpine Springs Express) gondola connecting the lower and upper parts of the park. The fixed grip gondola, manufactured by Yan, was relocated to Water World from Circus Circus in Las Vegas, where it was lightly used. For most of its tenure at Water World, the gondola has circus theming at the bottom nodding to the origin of the lift. Some of the gondola towers are integrated into a Peaks Speed Slides water slide platform. In 2021, Water World repainted and rethemed the bottom terminal.
In 2012, Water World announced the Mile High Flyer, a hydro-magnetic water coaster which launches riders up and down five unique hills taking only 45 seconds to complete.
In 2017, Water World changed the former Captain Jack's wave pool into a smaller wave pool - Cowabunga Beach. This made room for Turtle Bay Kids Wave Pool directly next to Cowabunga Beach. Cowabunga Beach now acts as a Boogieboarding attraction during most hours through the day, but is open to as a play pool typically between 11:30 AM to 1:30 PM.
The newest area of the park is the Big Top, located adjacent to TurboRacer. Big Top is family oriented and features attractions for younger children as well as thrill seekers. In 2021, Water World renovated the Big Top area to a re-imagined and Colorado-themed Alpine Springs area. The area features Colorado landmarks throughout the entire area and has two new attractions, Roaring Forks, a 2-lane water coaster, and Centennial Basin, a tube bowl.
The park was included on a 2008 Travel Channel list of the top 10 water parks in the United States. USA Today readers named Water World one of the top 10 water parks in America in August 2013.
In 2021, Water World received a Golden Ticket Award for being one of the best water parks in the industry. The awards are handed out based on surveys given to experienced and well-traveled amusement and water park enthusiasts from around the world.
Pop culture reference
Water World was an inspiration for the South Park episode "Pee", which features a water park named Pi Pi's Splashtown. Many of the water parks rides appeared in the episode under slightly different names, including its most notable attraction Voyage to the Center of the Earth (retitled "Journey to the Center of the World").
The park was also featured in the 2006 film The Surfer King.
Technology
Water World offers visitors a cashless payment option via RFID wristbands that can be preloaded with money at any POS terminal in the park. Season Passes (Splash Passes) can be upgraded to include a preloaded RFID cashless payment option. Water World also offers lockers that can be accessed via RFID wristbands. The wristbands are dispensed via a self-service kiosk located in Water World's locker rental area. Unlike traditional single use lockers, the RFID wristbands allow users to access the locker multiple times throughout the day.
Incidents and accidents
In 2009, a lifeguard pulled a 48-year-old man from Captain Jack's Wave Pool (now Cowabunga Beach). Paramedics were unable to revive him. He was transported to the hospital and pronounced dead, with preliminary reports identifying drowning as the cause of death. This marked the first fatality in the park's history.
External links
Water World Official Website
Hyland Hills Park and Recreation district
References
1979 establishments in Colorado
Buildings and structures in Adams County, Colorado
Tourist attractions in Adams County, Colorado
Denver metropolitan area
Water parks in Colorado
Rutherglen South is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Established in 2007, it elects three councillors.
The largest neighbourhood within the suburban ward is Burnside, also including the Blairbeth, Cathkin, Fernhill, High Burnside, Springhall and Spittal neighbourhoods in the southern part of Rutherglen. The western border is the long-established division with the City of Glasgow. A 2017 national boundary review removed some streets to the north of the ward (around Overtoun Park, Dryburgh Avenue and Limeside Avenue), but added several of the streets in its east (those off East Kilbride Road, Brownside Road and Dukes Road). The population in 2018 was 15,340.
The ward was formed from roughly the boundaries of four wards under the previous single-member system used by the local authority from the creation of South Lanarkshire in 1995 until 2007: Cathkin/Springhall, Fernhill, Spittal/Blairbeth and Stonelaw. Prior to this, Rutherglen was within the Glasgow District under Strathclyde Regional Council – one of its single-member wards from 1984 was Fernhill, which included much of the same area as the current Rutherglen South, with the exception of the parts of Burnside north of the Cathcart Circle Line railway tracks (i.e. the 1995 to 2007 Stonelaw ward) which was in the Glasgow Rutherglen ward.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2013 By-election
SNP councillor Anne Higgins died on 20 November 2012. A by-election was held on 14 February 2013 and was won by Labour's Gerard Killen which gave the party an overall majority on the Council.
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Rutherglen
Andrés Ceballos Sánchez (born August 31, 1992), known by his stage name Andrés Ceballos, is a Spanish singer and songwriter from Rivas Vaciamadrid, Spain. He is a member of the group Dvicio, which was created in 2009 under the name Tiempo Límite. His brother Martin Ceballos is also a member of Dvicio.
Early life
Ceballos was born in Madrid, Spain on August 31, 1992. He has an older brother named Martin Ceballos. He went to school for music. He bought his first guitar at age 13 and by age 17 he had formed his own group. He later became a member of the band Tiempo Límite, now under the name DVICIO with his friends from school and his brother. In 2013 he performed solo alongside Carlos Baute throughout Latin America and experienced what it would be like to perform. Andrés said he would never forget that moment and this is why he became brave enough to do what he does with his group and get noticed as DVICIO
Career
2009–12: Beginnings and forming Tiempo Limite
Growing up in Madrid, he started his career playing with the group currently known as Dvicio, under the name Tiempo Limite. They released the songs "Dueña de Mi Mente" and "Detras de Mis Miedos." Around 2011 they went on a radio show and won a contest for making a cover song of "Titanium"
2013–present: Dvicio and featured artist
In 2013 the group changed their name to Dvicio and signed with Sony Music Spain, which released their single "Paraiso" in 2014.
In 2015, Andres was featured in Spanish artist Maria Parrado song called Frio and a music video was also released. In June 2015, Andres sang with vocal artist Abraham Mateo as a duo for one of his hit songs, "Another Heartbreak" where it came out exclusively in Abraham's DVD album. Then on YouTube.
In 2016, Andres was featured in Portuguese group D.A.M.A song called "A veces" and a music video was also released. By the end of 2016 Andres had it rough for him when he was introducing the award to the late singer Juan Gabriel who had died days ago. He was bashed for waiting for someone to pick up the award, which Andres thought one of his people would pick up, he made himself look bad in front of the audience in the Gaffe at The Latin Grammys. He apologized moments later in their recaps of the events, in which he stated "I thought someone from his record producers or a family was going to come down and get the award." and apologized for his misunderstanding with the late singer on live television at the event and social media from the backlash.
In April 2017, Dvicio released the album Qué Tienes Tú and embarked on a tour around Mexico. On June 2, Andrés's was featured in Italian singer Baby K song which was released, titled "Voglio ballare con te". The song "Voglio ballare con te" has surpassed Gold and has now reached platinum status. On September 8, 2017, Baby K made the song in Spanish with Andres. The song title is Locos Valientes.
Personal life
Andrés is of Argentinian descent from his father and Brazilian from his mother. His parents, at the same time, are of Spanish descent as can be seen from his surnames. Aside from Spanish, he is also fluent in English and Portuguese. He can sing in Spanish, Italian and Portuguese. Currently, he is learning Russian, Thai and German. He frequently does covers of English songs and puts them up on his social media to help practice his English. He is also often seen playing the guitar and piano.
Discography
As featured artist
Filmography
Music videos
References
1992 births
Living people
Spanish male singer-songwriters
Spanish singer-songwriters
21st-century Spanish singers
21st-century Spanish male singers
Triple Divide Peak is a mountain along the Great Western Divide in the Sierra Nevada range on the boundary between Kings Canyon and Sequoia national parks, in Tulare County, California. It rises to .
Near Kaweah Gap, the peak divides three important watersheds: the Kern River, the Kaweah River, and the Kings River. This three-way divide leads to the peak's name. At one time, it was also called The Keystone.
The Kaweah Peaks Ridge spurs off to the south, while the Kings-Kaweah Divide branches off to the west.
References
External links
Mountains of Kings Canyon National Park
Mountains of Sequoia National Park
Mountains of Tulare County, California
North American 3000 m summits
Ragi Flour is a primarily a powder food, made out of Ragi grain. It is fingered millet powder. It has high protein and mineral content. It is an ideal source of protein for vegetarians. Ragi flour has a low-fat content along with the rich amount of fibres adds to the already long list of ragi flour benefits.
Preparation of Ragi flour
First Ragi is graded and washed. It is allowed to dry naturally in sunlight for 5 to 8 hours. It is then powdered. It is great for people with low hemoglobin levels. Ragi porridge, ragi halwa, ragi ela ada, ragi kozhukatta can be made with Ragi flour which is rich in taste and nutrients.
Baking
All purpose flour can be replaced with Ragi flour during baking which carries whole lot of nutritional benefits. Ragi cake and Ragi biscuits can be prepared. Ragi flour based bakery products and instant mixes are in demand now.
References
South Indian cuisine
Flour
Baking
etalk (formerly known as eTalk Daily) is a Canadian entertainment news television show that also serves as the flagship entertainment program for CTV, anchored by Tyrone Edwards. The weekday program airs on CTV at 7 p.m. ET/PT and CTV 2 at 7:30 p.m. ET/PT, and also back-to-back on other Bell Media television stations.
History
The series began as Entertainment Now (or eNow), originally hosted by Lin Eleoff, who was replaced by Carla Collins, who later co-anchored with Dan Duran, and began airing weekly on BBS (later absorbed into CTV) in 1995. Much as now, in its original form eNow used a toned-down version of the standard entertainment magazine format. in 2000, eNow relaunched as etalk, a weekly entertainment-oriented talk show hosted by Ben Mulroney with a variety of rotating guest panelists. It was produced by the CTV-owned talktv (now MTV) and taped on the set of The Chatroom, of which Mulroney was a co-host.
Following cancellation of The Chatroom in 2002, etalk, along with co-host Thea Andrews, returned to its original format. etalk became a daily series on the CTV daytime schedule in fall 2002, accompanied by a temporary name change to etalk Daily; as such, CTV generally regards 2002 as the start date for the current series. It was switched to primetime airings on June 9, 2003, coinciding with the launch of Canadian Idol. Thea Andrews left the show in 2003 and later emerged as a reporter for Entertainment Tonight in 2007.
Entertainment journalist David Giammarco was asked to join the show in early 2003 as senior entertainment reporter, bringing numerous celebrity interviews and exclusives.
etalk was also added to the schedule of Star! in October 2007 after CTVglobemedia acquired control of CHUM Limited and cancelled Star!'s former entertainment newscast Star! Daily. Since March 2008, etalk has been produced from 299 Queen Street West. The show shared production space with Citytv's Breakfast Television and CityLine until September 8, when Citytv's moved to its new headquarters at 33 Dundas Street East. The street front studio was re-configured for etalk, and later for The Marilyn Denis Show.
On June 22, 2020, Ben Mulroney announced his resignation as host of etalk as a result of the George Floyd protests; in a statement, Mulroney announced that "more than ever, we need more Black voices, more Indigenous voices, more people of colour in the media as well as every other profession – and that is why I have decided to immediately step away from my role at etalk to create space for a new perspective and a new voice." His resignation came in the wake of a controversy in which his wife was accused of bullying and threatening Sasha Exeter, a Black influencer.
On September 14, 2020, CTV announced Tyrone Edwards as the new co-anchor of etalk.
On-air staff
Current
Tyrone Edwards – Anchor
Traci Melchor – Senior Correspondent
Elaine "Lainey" Lui – Senior Correspondent
Former
Thea Andrews – Co-host
David Giammarco – Senior Entertainment Reporter
Anna Cyzon – Reporter
Jesse Palmer – Reporter
Jully Black – Celebrity Reporter
Sophie Grégoire – Quebec Correspondent
Leah Miller – Correspondent
Susie Wall – Reporter
Tanya Kim – Co-Host
Jessi Cruickshank – Reporter
Devon Soltendieck - Senior Reporter
Ben Mulroney – Co-host
Danielle Graham – Co-host
References
External links
etalk website
The Lede
The Loop
CTV Television Network original programming
Entertainment news shows in Canada
1990s Canadian television news shows
1995 Canadian television series debuts
Television series by Bell Media
Television shows filmed in Toronto
2000s Canadian television news shows
2010s Canadian television news shows
2020s Canadian television news shows
Ezgi Başaran (born 20 January 2003) is a Turkish recurve archer.
Sport career
Ezgi Başaran won the silver medal in the women's team recurve event at the 2022 European Archery Championships held in Munich, Germany.
References
Turkish female archers
Living people
2003 births
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Turkey
Mediterranean Games medalists in archery
21st-century Turkish women
The 1988 Colgate Red Raiders football team was an American football team that represented Colgate University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Colgate tied for third in the Colonial League.
In its first season under head coach Michael Foley, the team compiled a 2–9 record. Mike Cote and Matt Jaworski were the team captains.
The Red Raiders were outscored 271 to 169. Their 2–3 conference record placed Colgate in a three-way tie for third (and for next-to-last) in the six-team Colonial League standings.
The team played its home games at Andy Kerr Stadium in Hamilton, New York.
Schedule
References
Colgate
Colgate Raiders football seasons
Colgate Red Raiders football
Jamie Michelle Luner (born May 12, 1971) is an American actress who first came to prominence as Cindy Lubbock on the ABC sitcom Just the Ten of Us, but is perhaps better known as Peyton Richards on Savannah, Lexi Sterling on Melrose Place and Rachel Burke on Profiler. More recently, Luner portrayed Liza Colby on the ABC soap opera All My Children and Cassie Siletti on Murder in the First. Luner is also well known for her lead roles in many Lifetime movies.
Early life
Luner was born in Palo Alto, California, an affluent suburb in the San Francisco Bay Area, the daughter of Susan, an actress, and Stuart Luner, a sales representative. She was raised in a Jewish family and has an older brother, David.
Career
After guest starring in several episodes of the sitcom Growing Pains, Luner went on to star as sexy yet scatterbrained Cindy Lubbock in the Growing Pains spinoff, Just the Ten of Us (1988–1990), which also starred Heather Langenkamp, Brooke Theiss and JoAnn Willette as Luner's fictional sisters. At one point in the show, the foursome comprised a fictional singing group, "The Lubbock Babes". To date, Luner is the only one of the four who has not appeared in a Nightmare On Elm Street movie. Luner also guest starred in a Halloween-themed episode of Growing Pains in which she portrayed a vanishing hitchhiker. After Just the Ten of Us ended, Luner took a break from acting and attended the Epicurian Cooking School, eventually becoming a chef at a popular Los Angeles, California restaurant.
In 1993 Luner returned to television, playing a troubled teenager in the television film, Moment of Truth: Why My Daughter?, starring opposite Linda Gray. Luner followed this up with a succession of television films, most notably Confessions of a Sorority Girl (1994), which began her extended professional association with producer Aaron Spelling.
Luner's next big break came in 1996, when she was cast as scheming vixen Peyton Richards in Spelling's prime-time soap opera, Savannah (1996–1997). Later in 1997, Luner was cast in Spelling's Melrose Place, playing the role of scheming Lexi Sterling until the series' conclusion in 1999.
In 1999, immediately following the cancellation of Melrose Place, Luner was cast as Rachel Burke, Ally Walker's replacement in NBC's Profiler. She played the role until the show was cancelled at the end of its fourth season in 2000. Following the cancellation of Profiler, Luner continued to work steadily, with guest appearances on several television series including The Outer Limits, CSI: Miami and a three-episode arc on That's Life. In 2000, Luner also starred in the independent feature Sacrifice, along with Michael Madsen.
In 2003, Luner joined the cast of another Spelling drama, playing the role of Senior Deputy Ryan Layne in 10-8: Officers on Duty (2003–2004). The series was cancelled after Luner had appeared in just five episodes. Also in 2003, Luner starred opposite Nicholas Lea in the Sci Fi Channel original movie Threshold, and in 2004 guest-starred in an episode of NCIS, called "Dead Man Talking."
In 2005, Luner appeared in four TV movies for the cable network Lifetime Television: The Suspect (2005), Blind Injustice (2005), Stranger in my Bed (2005), and The Perfect Marriage (2006).
In 2007, Luner appeared as Susan in the comedy Black and Bluestein at The Santa Monica Playhouse. Also that year, Luner starred in Nuclear Hurricane, a Sci Fi Channel original movie, and made a guest appearance on CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.
In April 2009, Luner joined the cast of All My Children as Liza Colby. (Marcy Walker, who originally played Liza, had retired from show business several years earlier.) The soap was cancelled in 2011, after which Luner starred in the Lifetime movies Walking the Halls, Stalked at 17 and The Perfect Boss. She then guest-starred in both Supernatural and Criminal Minds in 2013. In 2014, Luner was cast in the Investigation Discovery series Heartbreakers opposite Jack Wagner and Rob Estes. The following year, she has appeared in two another Lifetime movies, The Wrong Girl and The Bride He Bought Online. She also had the recurring role on the second and third seasons of TNT crime drama, Murder in the First from 2015 to 2016, and guest-starred on Better Call Saul and Code Black. The following years, she starred in more than ten Lifetime movies, most recently The Christmas High Note alongside Johnny Messner.
Personal life
In 1995, Luner began dating John Braz, a personal trainer. The relationship ended in 1999.
Legal issues
In February 2018, Luner was accused of drugging and filming a sexual encounter with Anthony Oliver, who had been 16 years old at the time of the alleged incident in 1998. The lawsuit alleged that Luner had offered him whiskey and methamphetamines. However, according to a April 4, 2018 New York Post article, Oliver was registered in California as a vexatious litigator after having burdened the legal system by previously filing 27 frivolous federal lawsuits in an eight-year period. As such, he could not proceed with any court filings without a judge's approval.
On August 6, 2018, the Anthony Oliver lawsuit was dismissed based on the statute of limitations. The judge highlighted the fact that the plaintiff had waited 20 years to file the suit, well after the window had passed on any legal basis for the suit. Luner's team alleged that not only had the legal requirements not been met, but that the plaintiff's claims were actually part of an extortion attempt, and consistent with a history of baseless lawsuits. Nevertheless, the dismissal was appealed on February 2, 2019. In October 2019, Oliver, a one-time mayoral candidate in Savannah, Georgia, was sentenced to 20 years in prison on stalking charges.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1971 births
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from California
American film actresses
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
Jewish American actresses
Living people
Actresses from Palo Alto, California
21st-century American Jews
Aishwarya Shah, known professionally as Ashwarya (stylised in all caps), is an Indian-Australian singer and songwriter. She signed to Jarrad Rogers' label Noize Recordings and subsequently released her debut single "Psycho Hole" on 2 July 2020. Her debut extended play, Nocturnal Hours, was released on 8 July 2021.
Career
Ashwarya's singles "Psycho Hole" and "Biryani" were released in 2020, which were followed by her debut extended play, Nocturnal Hours, on 8 July 2021. She released the song "Can't Relate" on 17 August 2022.
Artistry
Musical style and influences
Shah lists musicians such as Rihanna, Kanye West, Travis Scott, Sufjan Stevens, Tyler, the Creator, and SZA as influences.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Awards and nominations
Music Victoria Awards
The Music Victoria Awards, are an annual awards night celebrating Victorian music. They commenced in 2005.
!
|-
| 2021
| Ashwarya
| Best Breakthrough Act
|
|
|-
References
Australian people of Indian descent
Australian pop musicians
Australian contemporary R&B singers
Living people
1999 births
Llyn y Tri Greyenyn was a small lake not far from Cadair Idris in the old parish of Tal-y-llyn, Merionethshire (now Gwynedd) in north Wales. It was located at the head of the valley of Cwm Rhwyddfor (or Cwm Rhwyddor) on the pass called Bwlch Llyn Bach between Minffordd and Cross Foxes; Llyn y Tri Greyenyn is the 'llyn bach'' (‘little lake') in the pass's name. Most of the lake has now been infilled in order to improve the road (which formerly skirted the lake). The name means 'the lake of the three grains or pebbles'.
Today, the A487 passes through the site. There is also a small car park on the location of part of the lake (on the northwest side of the road). Some of the remains of the old lake can be seen on the south-east side. As the car park is a convenient place to watch military aircraft on the so-called 'Mach Loop', the car park is sometimes called the ‘Mach Loop' car park.
Names and Traditions
One of the earliest references to the lake dates from around 1700 when Edward Lhuyd sent a questionnaire to every parish in Wales to inquire about geographical features, place names, local traditions and the like (his ‘Parochialia'). The reply from Tal-y-llyn includes the following:
Lhyn pen Morva als [alias] Lhyn y tri Grayenyn ym mlaen K. Rhwydhor ar dervun pl. Dol Gelhey.
(‘Llyn Pen Morfa alias Llyn y Tri Greyenyn at the head of Cwm Rhwyddfor on the border of the parish of Dolgellau.')
The name of the lake is associated with a legend of Idris Gawr. Idris was said to have noticed three little stones or pebbles in his shoe. He removed his shoe and threw them away. But as Idris was a giant of enormous proportions, the three little stones were themselves the size of huge boulders. The three stones landed near the lake thus explaining the name. At least one of these stones is visible today on the side of the A487.
A version of the tale is recorded by Thomas Pennant in the second volume of his work A Tour of Wales (1781):
On the left, is the rugged height of Cader Idris, pass near a small lake called, Llyn y tri Graienyn, or of the three grains; which are three vast rocks, the ruins of the neighbouring mountain, which sometime or other had fallen into the water. These, say the peasants, were the three grains which had fallen into the shoe of the great Idris, which he threw out here, as soon as he felt them hurting his foot.
A tradition about how the lake was filled is mentioned by Lewis Morris in a poem that describes his journey from Ceredigion in 1750 to visit William Vaughan of Nannau. He says that the lake – if the tale is true– was filled by the urine of a giantess or witch:
Galw ym Minffordd yn frau
i olchi trwm feddyliau
yfodd y tafarnwr y gorau
rhoes y gwaetha i ninnau
oddiyno dan graig ddibyn
trwy fwlch y tri graienyn
a rhyfedd Iawn (os gwir hyn)
lle pisodd gwiddon lonaid llyn
(‘We called readily at Minffordd / to wash our heavy thoughts. / The innkeeper drank the best / and gave us the worst. / From there under the steep crag / through Bwlch y Tri Greyenyn / and, very strange (if it's true), / where a giantess pissed a lakeful.')
On the edge of the 1842 Dolgellau tithe map the name of the lake is noted as ‘Llyn Tri Graienyn'. But later Ordnance Survey maps call it 'Llyn Bach'.
References
Lakes of Gwynedd
Lakes of Snowdonia
Tourism in Gwynedd
Tourism in Snowdonia
Welsh folklore
Condemned Bar is a former settlement, in Yuba County, California. It lay at the confluence of Dobbins Creek and the Yuba River, south-southeast of Dobbins, It is in the Sierra Nevada foothills, at an elevation of 548 feet (167 m).
The former mining town of the California Gold Rush is registered as California Historical Landmark #572. Condemned Bar still appeared on maps as of 1947.
See also
California Historical Landmarks in Yuba County, California
References
Former settlements in Yuba County, California
Mining communities of the California Gold Rush
Yuba River
California Historical Landmarks
Former populated places in California
José Hernández (born 16 January 1979) is a Cuban handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Riegsee is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany. The town lies on Riegsee Lake, of the same name.
Names
The name Riegsee derives from the personal name Ruodgis and the Old High German word for "lake", sê(o). Attested historical forms of the name include Ruodgise (1050–c. 1065), Rvodgisisse (1052–55), Roueggese (c. 1065–75), Ruodkisesse/Rotkisesse (1152–53), Ruetgisse (1193–95), Ruggessê (1193–95), Roͮikisse (12th century), Rovchse (c. 1200), Rügsee (14th century), Rugksee (1403), Ruexsee (1431), Rügksee (1501), Riechsee (c. 1583), and Riegsee (1629).
References
Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district)
Donaldson Romeo (born 1962) is a politician from Montserrat. He is currently a member of the Legislative Assembly of Montserrat and served as the island's Premier from September 2014 until November 2019.
Having formerly worked as an artist and a journalist, he was first elected to parliament as an independent candidate in 2011.
Biography
Romeo was born in Salem, Montserrat in 1962. He attended Salem Primary School and Montserrat Secondary School, before becoming a pupil at the George School, a boarding school in the United States. Although he started studying medicine at Temple University, he returned to Montserrat after a year to help his father with his hardware business. In 1984 he moved to the United Kingdom, where he became an artist. He was served with a deportation order, but after gaining support from MPs Ken Livingstone and John Carlisle and the National Portrait Gallery, his order was overturned.
After the court case, Romeo returned to Montserrat and continued working as an artist before rejoining his family's hardware firm. Following the eruption of Soufrière Hills in the mid-1990s, he became a journalist.
Political career
Romeo was a candidate for the Montserrat Democratic Party in the 2006 general elections. He ran in the 2009 elections as an independent, and was elected.
In 2011, Romeo became Leader of the Opposition and served in that role until September 2014.
On 30 April 2014, Romeo established the People's Democratic Movement (PDM) in order to contest the upcoming elections. The September 2014 elections saw the PDM win seven of the nine seats in the Legislative Assembly, becoming the ruling party. In October 2019, he was voted out as the leader of the PDM party and was replaced by the island's Minister of Communication and Works Paul Lewis. Romeo subsequently left the party and contested the 2019 Montserratian general election as an independent candidate.
In November 2019, Romeo was reelected and thus continues to have a seat in the island's Legislative Assembly.
References
1962 births
Living people
Premiers of Montserrat
Members of the Legislative Council of Montserrat
Leaders of the Opposition of Montserrat
Montserratian artists
Montserratian journalists
Montserrat Democratic Party politicians
People's Democratic Movement (Montserrat) politicians
Fiona Lea Krautil (born 20 February 1956) is an Australian specialist in inclusion, diversity and equal opportunity in the workplace.
Biography
From 1999 to 2004 Krautil was director of the Equal Opportunity for Women in the Workplace Agency (EOWA), an Australian federal government agency. During her tenure, she established the Women in Leadership Census, the EOWA Business Achievement Awards and the EOWA Employer of Choice Citation. She has previously held positions in workforce diversity and equal employment opportunities at the University of Sydney, Australia & New Zealand Banking Group, Esso Australia and Westpac.
Publications
Chief Executives Unplugged: Business Leaders Get Real about Women in the Workplace (with Josephine Brouard and Lisa Annese, New Frontier, 2004)
Diversity Unplugged: How Leading CEOs Champion Workplace Inclusion (Diversity Knowhow, 2014)
References
Living people
1956 births
Australian women's rights activists
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 1921 Duquesne Dukes football team represented Duquesne University during the 1921 college football season. The head coach was Jake Stahl, coaching his second season with the Dukes.
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
College football winless seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
Route nationale 3 (RN 3) is a highway of 91 km in Madagascar, running from Antananarivo to Talata Volonondry, Anjozorobe and the Lake Alaotra. It crosses the region of Analamanga and Alaotra-Mangoro.
See also
List of Roads in Madagascar
Transport in Madagascar
References
Analamanga
Alaotra-Mangoro
Roads in Madagascar
The River Inny (Irish: Abhainn na hUíne) is a river in County Kerry, Ireland.
References
Rivers of County Kerry
Ivernois Castle is a castle in the municipality of Val-de-Travers of the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Château
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Neuchâtel
Castles in the canton of Neuchâtel
Sithon is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm.
Species
Sithon nedymond (Cramer, [1780])
Sithon micea (Hewitson, 1869) Borneo
References
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
The 2015–16 season is Maccabi Tel Aviv's 110th season since its establishment in 1906, and 68th since the establishment of the State of Israel. During the 2015–16 campaign the club have competed in the Israeli Premier League, State Cup, Toto Cup, Israel Super Cup UEFA Champions League.
On 25 August 2015, the club qualified for the Champions League group stage, after drawing with FC Basel 2–2 (away) and 1–1 (at home).
Kit
Supplier: Adidas / Sponsor: UNICEF
Current squad
First team
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
Winter
In:
Out:
Pre-season and friendlies
UEFA Champions League
Second qualifying round
Third qualifying round
Playoff round
Group stage
Israeli Premier League
Regular season
Regular season table
Play-off
Championship round table
Israel State Cup
Israel Super Cup
Toto Cup
Group C
References
Maccabi Tel Aviv
Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. seasons
Maccabi Tel Aviv
P.T.B. is the second studio album from the group Kingspade. P.T.B. stands for P-Town Ballers. The album debuted at No. 7 on the Billboard Top Independent chart.
Track listing
Intro
Who Run This?
Takin It Back
Neighborhood Trends
That's The Sh*t
We're Ridin'
Lookin Up
Havin Fun
Bring The Crowd
Brotha Brotha
Check Yo Bitch
Follow The Leader
That's How It Goes
Dreams
Inked Up
Singles
"Who Run This?"
"We Ridin"
"That's How It Goes"
2007 albums
Kingspade albums
Suburban Noize Records albums
Mario Ćurić (born 28 September 1998) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Torpedo Moscow of the Russian Premier League.
Club career
In the summer transfer window of 2019, Šibenik signed Ćurić from fellow second league side Solin.
On 8 September 2022, Ćurić signed with FC Torpedo Moscow in Russia.
International career
He has been capped once for Croatia U16 in a friendly game against Kuwait .
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Association football midfielders
Croatian footballers
Croatia youth international footballers
HNK Hajduk Split II players
NK Solin players
HNK Šibenik players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
Croatian Football League players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Russian Premier League players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Újezd () is a very common Czech toponym roughly meaning around-ridden. It denotes a settlement newly established in the Middle Ages (usually in woody, previously sparsely populated areas of the country). The boundaries of such portion of land were set by riding on horseback around the location ().
Municipalities
Újezd (Beroun District)
Újezd (Domažlice District)
Újezd (Olomouc District)
Újezd (Žďár nad Sázavou District)
Újezd (Zlín District)
Újezd (Znojmo District)
Újezd nade Mží
Újezd pod Troskami
Újezd u Boskovic
Újezd u Brna
Újezd u Černé Hory
Újezd u Chocně
Újezd u Plánice
Újezd u Přelouče
Újezd u Rosic
Újezd u Sezemic
Újezd u Svatého Kříže
Újezd u Tišnova
Bílý Újezd
Červený Újezd (Benešov District)
Červený Újezd (Prague-West District)
Chodský Újezd
Dlouhý Újezd
Dolní Újezd (Přerov District)
Dolní Újezd (Svitavy District)
Drahoňův Újezd
Horní Újezd (Přerov District)
Horní Újezd (Svitavy District)
Horní Újezd (Třebíč District)
Hřivínův Újezd
Kamenný Újezd (České Budějovice District)
Kamenný Újezd (Rokycany District)
Malý Újezd
Medový Újezd
Ostrolovský Újezd
Panoší Újezd
Pletený Újezd
Podhorní Újezd a Vojice
Svatojanský Újezd
Svijanský Újezd
Velký Újezd
Vysoký Újezd (Benešov District)
Vysoký Újezd (Beroun District)
Vysoký Újezd (Hradec Králové District)
See also
Újezdec (disambiguation), a toponym of the same origin
Uyezd, a Russian administrative subdivision
The Saskatchewan Grain Growers' Association (SGGA) was a farmer's association that was active in Saskatchewan, Canada in the early 20th century.
It was a successor to the Territorial Grain Growers' Association, and was formed in 1906 after Saskatchewan became a province.
It provided a voice for farmers in their struggle with grain dealers and the railways, and was influential in obtaining favorable legislation.
The association initially resisted calls to create a farmer-owned marketing company. Later it did support formation of the Saskatchewan Co-operative Elevator Company.
The SGGA helped the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool, a cooperative marketing organization, to become established in 1924. In 1926 the SGGA merged with the more radical Farmers' Union of Canada, which had earlier split from the SGGA, to create the United Farmers of Canada,
Background
The Manitoba Grain Act was passed in 1901, designed to prevent abuses by grain dealers and railways and ensure fair practices and prices in the booming grain trade in the prairie provinces of Canada. There was a bumper crop that year, and farmers found they could not get their produce to market because the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) and the grain companies were still failing to conform to the act.
Almost half the crop was lost due to spoilage due to lack of space in the elevators and lack of railway cars.
In November 1901 two farmers in the major grain shipping center of Indian Head organized an "indignation meeting" that was attended by about fifty farmers.
In December 1901 William Richard Motherwell (1860–1943) and Peter Dayman of the Abernathy district arranged a follow-up meeting.
The farmers agreed to form a Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA), and nominated Motherwell as provisional president and John Millar as provisional secretary.
The first annual convention of the TGGA was held on 1 February 1902, attended by delegates from 38 local groups.
In 1905 Alberta and Saskatchewan became provinces.
The Alberta branch of the TGGA became the Alberta Farmers' Association under the leadership of Rice Sheppard of the Strathcona area.
History
In 1906 the TGGA renamed itself the Saskatchewan Grain Growers' Association (SGGA).
John Archibald Maharg (1872–1944) was first president of the SGGA from 1910 to 1923.
Edward Alexander Partridge of Sintaluta spoke at the SGGA convention that year, and attacked the grain handling system.
He said the elevator companies, millers and exporters rigged grain prices so they were low during the fall harvest period, when farmers had to sell to obtain cash to pay their debts. They then made future contracts to the English buyers for delivery at far higher prices.
The leaders of the SGGA were opposed to Partridge's plan to establish a farmer-owned company, but he ignored their objections.
The organization meeting for the Grain Growers' Grain Company (GGGC) was held in Sintaluta on 27 January 1906.
Partridge helped organize the Grain Growers' Guide, a farmers' journal.
The first issue appeared in June 1908 as the official organ of the Manitoba Grain Growers' Association (MGGA).
It was published by the Grain Growers' Grain Company through its subsidiary, Public Press Limited.
In 1909 the Guide was made a weekly.
By the end of that year the Guide was the official organ of the (MGGA) and its sister associations, the SGGA and the United Farmers of Alberta (UFA).
Early in 1908 Partridge convinced the SGGA to endorse the principle that inland grain elevators should be owned by the province and terminal elevators by the Dominion of Canada.
Saskatchewan premier Thomas Walter Scott arranged for a Royal Commission on Elevators in 1910, which recommended a system where the elevators would be cooperatively owned by the farmers rather than by the government. In 1911 legislation was passed by which the Saskatchewan Co-operative Elevator Company (SCEC) was incorporated to run elevators under this model.
The SCEC was a joint-stock cooperative company whose shares would be sold only to farmers, who could not buy more than ten shares each.
The SCEC was closely aligned with the SGGA and with the Liberal Party of Saskatchewan.
John Archibald Maharg, president of the SCEC, was also president of the SGGA, and in 1921 was provincial minister of agriculture in the Liberal government.
The SCEC's relationship with the Liberals drew criticism from those who felt that a cooperative should be politically neutral, particularly from those who did not support the Liberals.
In 1921 a left-wing splinter group left the SGGA to form the Farmers' Union of Canada.
Early in 1924 wheat pool organizers, inspired by their success in Alberta, began campaigns to sign up farmers in Saskatchewan and Alberta. The two farm organizations in Saskatchewan lent the pool funds, and the provincial government provided a CAN$45,000 advance. By 6 June 1924 the pool in Saskatchewan had signed up 46,500 contracts covering more than half the acreage in the province. The pool incorporated as the Saskatchewan Co-Operative Wheat Producers.
The SCEC raised difficulties about letting the pool use its elevators, and the pool made other arrangements.
A special meeting of SCEC members in April 1926 voted to sell to the pool, which took over all the SCEC facilities.
Merger
Partridge campaigned for the Canadian Wheat Board, dissolved in 1920, to be reestablished.
He did not succeed, but his campaign led to the creation in 1926 of the Saskatchewan section of the United Farmers of Canada.
The United Farmers of Canada was created by a merger of the more radical Farmers' Union of Canada with the Saskatchewan Grain Growers Association.
The first leader of the UFC was George Williams.
Partridge was made honorary president of the organization.
References
Sources
1906 establishments in Saskatchewan
1926 disestablishments in Saskatchewan
Organizations based in Saskatchewan
Economy of Saskatchewan
Agricultural cooperatives in Canada
Ewa Maria Roos Sevenheim (born 12 June 1949 in Borås) is a Swedish singer and actress. Roos started her career at the age of thirteen when she won a talent search by the radio show Landet runt. She won a lead singer place in the orchestra Bosse Lidéns orkester; she was so young that she needed permission from childcare services to sing at nights and evenings. She recorded her first record called Polly the same year. In 1963, she won a talent competition hosted by Bildjournalen, and she represented Sweden in a singing competition in Riccone, Italy. She sang the song "I valet och kvalet", which was written by Owe Thörnqvist.
In 1968, she entered fourth place on Svensktoppen with the song "Tre små ord och jag förlåter", the same year she had her big breakthrough with the song "Vilken härlig dag". After that followed hit singles "Amors pilar", "Ole Okay", "Ding dång jag hör bröllopsklockor" and "Sjung bort bekymren".
She was the very first guest in the televised Allsång på Skansen in 1979.
She also acted in several revue shows, among them along with Hagge Geigert at Lisebergsteatern in Gothenbyrg in 1970, and has also ventured in to theater with the role of Dolly Tate in Annie Get Your Gun at the Chinateatern.
She participated in Melodifestivalen 2021 along with Eva Rydberg with their song 'Rena Rama Ding Dong'. The song qualified for the Andra Chansen round, however lost to Clara Klingenström's song and was thus eliminated.
Discography
Singles
References
External links
Living people
1949 births
Swedish women singers
Swedish musical theatre actresses
People from Borås
Melodifestivalen contestants
"Comes A-Long A-Love" was a hit single for American singer Kay Starr. The song was released in 1952 and was written by the former Tin Pan Alley songwriter Al Sherman. The melody was adapted from the final part of the overture to Gioachino Rossini's opera Semiramide. "Comes A-Long A-Love" was the last hit song Sherman would write, before handing the reins over to his sons, Bob and Dick Sherman, who were just beginning their songwriting careers. The song was first published on June 9, 1952.
Kay Starr version
The hit recording by Kay Starr, with orchestra conducted by Harold Mooney, was made for Capitol on August 19, 1952. In 1963, Starr recorded it again for The Fabulous Favorites, a stereo album of her greatest hits, which was released by Capitol on June 1, 1964.
Chart performance
On September 27, 1952, Starr's version of "Comes A-Long A-Love" charted on the Billboard Best Selling Pop Singles chart, where it reached No. 9. Outside, the US, the track also topped the then fledgling UK Singles Chart in January 1953 for a week, becoming only the third chart topper in that listing. The song was the first singles chart No. 1 not to also reach that position on the UK's sheet music charts. It entered that listing on December 20, 1952, and peaked at No. 6. Starr's recording was the first version to be issued in the UN, in October 1952, and the only other recordings of the song available in the UK besides hers were by British acts: The Tanner Sisters and Harry Farmer (Hammond organ). Starr's was the only rendition to make the UK singles sales chart, first appearing on the December 5, 1952 listing and peaking at No. 1 in its eighth week on chart.
In popular culture
The song has appeared on the soundtracks of several films, including the 2006 release Confetti.
See also
List of number-one singles from the 1950s (UK)
Bibliography
Sherman, Robert B. Walt's Time: from before to beyond, Santa Clarita: Camphor Tree Publishers, 1998.
References
1952 singles
Kay Starr songs
Songs written by Al Sherman
Songs written for films
Pop ballads
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
1952 songs
Mount Dora Historic District is a U.S. historic district in Mount Dora, Florida, Lake County. The district is roughly bounded by 3rd Avenue, 11th Avenue, Clayton Street, and Helen Street. The historic district features many buildings from the early 20th century.
The historic district is home to many festivals throughout the year, including the Mount Dora Craft Fair and the Mount Dora Art Festival, which draws an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 people to the town.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 1, 2009.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Florida
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida
Mount Dora, Florida
2009 establishments in Florida
Wierzbica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Arietellidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera
Genera:
Arietellus Giesbrecht, 1893
Campaneria Ohtsuka, Boxshall & Roe, 1994
Crassarietellus Ohtsuka, Boxshall & Roe, 1994
References
Copepods
Koro–Olrat is a Glottolog classification that includes the following two languages of Gaua Island, Vanuatu:
Koro language (Vanuatu), an Oceanic language spoken on Gaua island
Olrat language, a moribund Oceanic language spoken on Gaua island
References
Glottolog languages that correspond to more than one Wikipedia article
Eas Bàn (Gaelic for pale or white waterfall) is the name of a number of waterfalls in Scotland:
Eas Bàn, Arran
Eas Bàn, Bruichladdich
Eas Bàn, Dundonnell
Eas Bàn, Glen Elchaig (east)
Eas Bàn, Glen Elchaig (west)
Eas Bàn, Grey Corries
Eas Bàn, Kishorn
Newton Poppleford railway station is a closed railway station that served the village of Newton Poppleford in East Devon, England. The station was opened by the Budleigh Salterton Railway on 1 June 1899 and closed by British Railways on 6 March 1967.
History
The station was opened as a small station on the Budleigh Salterton Railway.
The station was host to a Southern Railway camping coach from 1935 to 1939. A camping coach was also positioned here by the Southern Region from 1954 to 1964.
Goods facilities were withdrawn in 1964 and the station was downgraded as a halt. The station was completely closed in 1967.
Present state
The station and the bridge over the A3052 road have both since been demolished, with no tangible evidence remaining.
References
Bibliography
Disused railway stations in Devon
Former London and South Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1899
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1967
Beeching closures in England
(Fall with thanks, fall with praise), BWV 248IV (also written as BWV 248 IV), is a Christmas cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach, composed in 1734 as PartIV of his six-part Christmas Oratorio. Each part of the oratorio is a cantata, written for performance on one of the feast days of the Christmas period. Fallt mit Danken, fallt mit Loben is meant for the New Year's Day feast of the circumcision and naming of Jesus. Based on a libretto by an unknown author, it tells the naming of Jesus from the Nativity of Jesus, according to the Gospel of Luke.
Bach structured the cantata in seven movements, and scored it for three vocal soloists, a four-part choir, and a festive Baroque orchestra with horns, oboes and strings. The opening chorus and the two arias are based on his earlier secular cantata , composed for the 11th birthday of the crown prince of Saxony on 5September 1733.
The tenor soloist, in the role of the Evangelist, narrates the Biblical verse in recitative style. The choir sings the elaborate opening movement and the closing chorale, a four-part setting of a stanza from Johann Rist's "Hilf, Herr Jesu, laß gelingen". Four solo movements reflect the name of Jesus, and life for him. Bach led the first performances at the two main churches of Leipzig in a morning service and a vespers service on 1January 1735.
Background and text
Bach composed in 1734, eleven years after he became Thomaskantor in Leipzig, director of music in major churches in the town in the Electorate of Saxony. The cantata forms Part IV of his Christmas Oratorio which was performed on six occasions of Christmastide, beginning with Part I on Christmas Day:
Part I, Jauchzet, frohlocket!, for Christmas Day (25 December): Nativity of Jesus
Part II for the Second Day of Christmas (26 December): Annunciation to the shepherds, Glory to God, peace on earth
Part III for the Third Day of Christmas (27 December): Adoration of the shepherds
Part IV, Fallt mit Danken, fallt mit Loben, for New Year's Day (1 January): Naming of Jesus
Part V for the Sunday after New Year's Day: Biblical Magi
Part VI for Epiphany (6 January): Adoration of the Magi
The prescribed readings for the feast day were "by faith we inherit" from the Epistle to the Galatians (), and from the Gospel of Luke, the ritual circumcision and naming of Jesus eight days after his birth ().
The librettist of the text is unknown; scholars debate whether he was Picander, who had collaborated with Bach before. After an opening chorus, the Evangelist narrates the short gospel about the naming of Jesus from the Gospel of Luke. It is reflected in the following movements, recitative and arias. Bach structured the work in nine movements, and scored it for four vocal parts and a festive Baroque orchestra with two natural horns, oboes and strings. Several movements rely on music which he had composed earlier, from the secular cantata (Let us take care, let us watch over), a dramma per musica describing the story of "Hercules at the Crossroads", written for 11th birthday of Crown Prince Friedrich Christian of Saxony and first performed on 5 September 1733.
The tenor soloist narrates the verse from Martin Luther's translation of the Bible in recitative as the Evangelist (). Bach incorporates two chorales, two stanzas from "Jesu, du mein liebstes Leben" by Johann Rist for a soprano complement to bass recitatives, and the 15th stanza of the same hymnist's "Hilf, Herr Jesu, laß gelingen" which the choir sings in a four-part setting with independent orchestra.
Bach led the first performance at the Nikolaikirche with the Thomanerchor in a morning service on New Year's Day 1735, repeated in a vespers service at the Thomaskirche the same day.
Music
Scoring and structure
The cantata is structured in seven movements: it opens with an extended choral movement that expresses the call to fall down with thanks and praise, followed by a brief recitative that provides the account from the Luther Bible of the naming of Jesus on the day of his circumcision. Four movements then reflect on the name of Jesus in meditation and prayer, and the composition is closed with an affirming chorale.
The work features three vocal soloists, a four-part choir () and a Baroque instrumental ensemble of two natural horns (Co), two oboes (Ob), two violins (Vl), viola (Va) and basso continuo. Other sections of the Christmas Oratorio (such as Jauchzet, frohlocket, the opening chorus of Part I, and in Part VI both the opening chorus, Herr, wenn die stolzen Feinde schnauben, and the closing chorale fantasia, Nun seid ihr wohl gerochen) have a brighter feel than Fallt mit Danken, fallt mit Loben. Its music, in F major, is dominated by two horns and has a more intimate character than the sections with bright trumpets which precede and follow it. Alfred Dürr gives the duration as 27 minutes.
In the following table, the movement numbers of the Christmas Oratorio are added in brackets. The scoring follows the (New Bach Edition). The keys and time signatures are from Dürr, and use the symbol for common time. No key is shown for the recitatives, because they modulate. The continuo, played throughout, is also not shown.
Movements
1
The opening chorus, "" (With gratitude, with praise, fall before the Almighty's throne of grace!), is a complex long form (ABA'). The instrumental ritornello is dominated by two natural horns.
The voices enter in unison. In the middle section, the vocal lines are also mostly homophonic. The last section uses the material from the first section, but differently.
2
The tenor sings in a secco recitative the verse from the Biblical Christmas story, "" (And when eight days had passed, when the child would be circumcised), after Luke 2:21.
3
In a combination of recitative and chorale, the bass recitative, "" (Who can rightly exalt this love), is balanced with line-by-line commentary by the chorus. The commentary is the first stanza from Rist's hymn "" (Jesus, o my dearest life). The voices are supported by strings.
4
In the central soprano da capo aria, "" (O my Savior, does your name instill even the very tiniest seed of that powerful terror?), the singer asks Jesus three questions and imagines the answers as "no", "no" and "yes", illustrated in the form of an echo-aria. An oboe is the obbligato instrument.
5
In symmetry to the third movement, another bass recitative, "" (Well then, Your name alone shall be in my heart!), is commented on by another stanza, "" (Jesus, my joy and delight) from the same hymn. The voices are again supported by strings.
6
The tenor aria, "" (I will live only for Your honor), expresses a vow to revere Jesus. It is a fugal trio composition with two solo violins.
7
The cantata is closed with the chorale "" (May Jesus order my beginning), the 15th stanza of Rist's hymn "". All instruments play interludes which recall the opening movement.
Footnotes
References
Cited sources
Bach Digital
Books
Online sources
External links
Church cantatas by Johann Sebastian Bach
1734 compositions
Christmas cantatas
Phoenix is the fifth album by the American singing trio Labelle. The album was moderately successful, peaking at #44 on the pop charts and #10 on the R&B charts. Only one minor hit was released, "Messin With My Mind", written by Nona Hendryx. The album is most notable for drifting away from the funk style of their previous album, Nightbirds, instead taking on a rock approach.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Nona Hendryx; except where indicated
Side A
"Phoenix (The Amazing Flight of a Lone Star)" (6:17)
"Slow Burn" (3:32)
"Black Holes in the Sky" (3:21)
"Good Intentions" (3:57)
"Far As We Felt Like Goin'" (2:58) (Bob Crewe, Kenny Nolan)
Side B
"Messin' with My Mind" (4:36)
"Chances Go Round" (Nona Hendryx, Edward Levone Batts, James Budd Ellison) (2:50)
"Cosmic Dancer" (5:49)
"Take the Night Off" (3:38)
"Action Time" (Edward Levone Batts, James Ellison; with additional lyrics by Nona Hendryx) (3:51)
Charts
Personnel
Nona Hendryx, Patti Labelle, Sarah Dash - vocals
Edward Batts - guitar; acoustic guitar on tracks A5, B5
Carmine Rojas - bass guitar on tracks A4, B1, B5
James Ellison - keyboards
Larry Davis - drums
Jeffrey Shannon - percussion
with:
George Porter, Jr. - bass on tracks A1 to A3, A5, B2 to B4)
Herman Ernest III - drums
Leo Nocentelli (tracks: A1, A2, A4, B1 to B5), Steve Hughes (tracks: A4, B1, B5), Teddy Royal (tracks: A2, A5) - guitar
Allen Toussaint - Fender Rhodes, arrangements
James Booker - organ
Carl Blouin - baritone saxophone
Jim Moore - tenor & alto saxophone, flute
Lon Price - tenor saxophone
Lester Caliste - trombone
John Longo - trumpet
Steve Howard - trumpet, flugelhorn
Vicki Wickham - executive producer
Don Puluse, Ken Laxton - engineers
Tom Huetis - photography
References
External links
Phoenix on Discogs.com
1975 albums
Labelle albums
Albums produced by Allen Toussaint
Epic Records albums
The Women 's tournament of the Volleyball competition at the 2011 Island Games was held from 26 June–1 July 2011 at the Fairway Sports Complex and Rew Valley Sports Centre.
Participating teams
Format
The 12 teams were split into two groups of six, the first two of each pool advanced to the semifinals while the third, fourth, fifth and sixth team played placement games.
Group stage
Pool A
|}
|}
Pool B
|}
|}
Knockout stage
Bracket
Semifinals
|}
Eleventh place game
|}
Ninth place game
|}
Seventh place game
|}
Fifth place game
|}
Bronze medal game
|}
Gold medal game
|}
References
Results
2011 Island Games
The Tweed River is a minor river located in the Marlborough district on the South Island of New Zealand.
It drains Lake McRae, Carters and Robinson Saddles on the south-western side of the Inland Kaikōura Range and feeds into the Waiau Toa / Clarence River. The Tweed River lies within the borders of Molesworth Station.
Rivers of the Marlborough Region
Rivers of New Zealand
Mazdacis flavomarginata is a species of snout moth in the genus Mazdacis. It was described by Herbert Druce in 1902, and is known from Guyana and French Guiana.
References
Moths described in 1902
Epipaschiinae
William Beauchamp is a Canadian filmmaker.
Career
Beauchamp's directing credits include the drama Pariahs (2002), which won for Best Feature Film in the Toronto International Teen Movie Festival and garnered Beauchamp a $20,000 scholarship from Warner Brothers. His early films include the short drama Scotch and Soda (2003), the futuristic feature Little Pictures (2004), the short documentary Marianne (2004), a CBC Radio "pick" in the Hot Docs Film Festival, and Fly Away (2006), a short drama which raised funds for the Alberta Cancer Foundation. Beauchamp has produced three short films for director Jamie Cussen, The Great Fear (2006), an official selection of the Independents' Film Festival in Tampa, Florida, Rock, Paper, Scissors (2007), which screened as an official selection in Austin, Halifax, Beijing, Bucharest and Toronto and won Best Short Film at the Canadian Film Festival, and The Balcony Affair (2009), which premiered as an official selection at the Locarno International Film Festival.
Beauchamp was mentored by independent Canadian producer Camelia Frieberg and has served as a marketing representative for Warner Brothers. He holds a BFA in Film Production from York University and lives in Toronto, Ontario.
In 2007, Beauchamp and Jamie Cussen founded the independent production house Air Castle.
Filmography
References
External links
"Teen director wins $20,000" CBC News
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian film producers
Franco-Albertan people
These are the Japanese Records in Swimming: they are the fastest times ever swum by a swimmer from Japan in recognized events. The records are kept and maintained by the Japan Swimming Federation (JSF). The JSF recognizes records swum in both long course (50m) and short course (25m) pools.
Long course (50 metres)
Men
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
Women
Mixed relay
Short course (25 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
References
General
Japanese Long Course Records – Men 5 March 2022 updated
Japanese Long Course Records – Women 5 March 2022 updated
Japanese Short Course Records – Men 5 March 2022 updated
Japanese Short Course Records – Women 5 March 2022 updated
Specific
External links
Japan Swimming Federation
Japan
Records
Swimming
Swimming
The Mongeau River (in French: rivière Morigeau) is a tributary of the south-eastern bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny), which flows north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
The Morigeau river flows in the municipalities of Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud, Saint-Pierre-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud and Montmagny, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Morigeau river are:
north side: Bras Saint-Nicolas, rivière du Sud (Montmagny), St. Lawrence River;
east side: rivière des Perdrix, brook Guimont, Bras Saint-Nicolas;
south side: rivière des Poitras;
west side: rivière du Sud (Montmagny).
The Morigeau River originates from the northeast side of route 283, in the municipality of Montmagny, only of the municipal boundary of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire. Located in a forest and mountainous area, this source is southeast of the village of Montmagny, to the south-west of the village of Cap-Saint-Ignace and north of the village of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire.
The Morigeau River flows northeast, more or less parallel (on the northeast side) to the rivière du Sud (Montmagny), to the south shore of St. Lawrence River and to the rivière des Poitras.
From its source, the Morigeau river flows over , divided into the following segments:
westward in Montmagny, to the municipal boundary bridge of Saint-Pierre-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud;
west, crossing Chemin des Merisiers-Est, to Route de Saint-Pierre;
south-east, up to the municipal limit of Montmagny;
to the southwest, crossing a small lake, then to the north, crossing the chemin des Prairies-Est and the chemin de l'Aqueduc, collecting the waters of the rivière des Poitras (coming from the south), to the Morigeau path in the hamlet "Morigeau";
north, winding up to its confluence.
The Morigeau river empties on the south-eastern bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny). This confluence is located upstream of the rue Principale bridge, downstream of the Montée Saint-François bridge, and south-east of the village of Berthier-sur-Mer.
Toponymy
The toponym Morigeau river was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
In Greek mythology, the name Myrto (Ancient Greek: Μυρτώ) may refer to one of the following characters:
Myrto, a possible eponym for the Myrtoan Sea.
Myrto, one of the Maenads who followed Dionysus in the Indian War.
Myrto, an Amazon and one of the possible mothers of Myrtilus by Hermes.
Myrto, daughter of Menoitios of Opus, sister to Patroclus. She had a daughter Eucleia by Heracles.
Notes
References
Nonnus of Panopolis, Dionysiaca translated by William Henry Denham Rouse (1863-1950), from the Loeb Classical Library, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press, 1940. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Nonnus of Panopolis, Dionysiaca. 3 Vols. W.H.D. Rouse. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1940-1942. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Realencyclopädie der Classischen Altertumswissenschaft, Band XVI, Halbband 31, Molatzes-Myssi (1933), s. 1167 (in German)
Maenads
Companions of Dionysus
Amazons (Greek mythology)
Women of Heracles
Locrian characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
A chi-squared test (also chi-square or test) is a statistical hypothesis test that is valid to perform when the test statistic is chi-squared distributed under the null hypothesis, specifically Pearson's chi-squared test and variants thereof. Pearson's chi-squared test is used to determine whether there is a statistically significant difference between the expected frequencies and the observed frequencies in one or more categories of a contingency table.
In the standard applications of this test, the observations are classified into mutually exclusive classes. If the null hypothesis that there are no differences between the classes in the population is true, the test statistic computed from the observations follows a frequency distribution. The purpose of the test is to evaluate how likely the observed frequencies would be assuming the null hypothesis is true.
Test statistics that follow a distribution occur when the observations are independent. There are also tests for testing the null hypothesis of independence of a pair of random variables based on observations of the pairs.
Chi-squared tests often refers to tests for which the distribution of the test statistic approaches the distribution asymptotically, meaning that the sampling distribution (if the null hypothesis is true) of the test statistic approximates a chi-squared distribution more and more closely as sample sizes increase.
History
In the 19th century, statistical analytical methods were mainly applied in biological data analysis and it was customary for researchers to assume that observations followed a normal distribution, such as Sir George Airy and Mansfield Merriman, whose works were criticized by Karl Pearson in his 1900 paper.
At the end of the 19th century, Pearson noticed the existence of significant skewness within some biological observations. In order to model the observations regardless of being normal or skewed, Pearson, in a series of articles published from 1893 to 1916, devised the Pearson distribution, a family of continuous probability distributions, which includes the normal distribution and many skewed distributions, and proposed a method of statistical analysis consisting of using the Pearson distribution to model the observation and performing a test of goodness of fit to determine how well the model really fits to the observations.
Pearson's chi-squared test
In 1900, Pearson published a paper on the test which is considered to be one of the foundations of modern statistics. In this paper, Pearson investigated a test of goodness of fit.
Suppose that observations in a random sample from a population are classified into mutually exclusive classes with respective observed numbers (for ), and a null hypothesis gives the probability that an observation falls into the th class. So we have the expected numbers for all , where
Pearson proposed that, under the circumstance of the null hypothesis being correct, as the limiting distribution of the quantity given below is the distribution.
Pearson dealt first with the case in which the expected numbers are large enough known numbers in all cells assuming every may be taken as normally distributed, and reached the result that, in the limit as becomes large, follows the distribution with degrees of freedom.
However, Pearson next considered the case in which the expected numbers depended on the parameters that had to be estimated from the sample, and suggested that, with the notation of being the true expected numbers and being the estimated expected numbers, the difference
will usually be positive and small enough to be omitted. In a conclusion, Pearson argued that if we regarded as also distributed as distribution with degrees of freedom, the error in this approximation would not affect practical decisions. This conclusion caused some controversy in practical applications and was not settled for 20 years until Fisher's 1922 and 1924 papers.
Other examples of chi-squared tests
One test statistic that follows a chi-squared distribution exactly is the test that the variance of a normally distributed population has a given value based on a sample variance. Such tests are uncommon in practice because the true variance of the population is usually unknown. However, there are several statistical tests where the chi-squared distribution is approximately valid:
Fisher's exact test
For an exact test used in place of the 2 × 2 chi-squared test for independence, see Fisher's exact test.
Binomial test
For an exact test used in place of the 2 × 1 chi-squared test for goodness of fit, see binomial test.
Other chi-squared tests
Cochran–Mantel–Haenszel chi-squared test.
McNemar's test, used in certain tables with pairing
Tukey's test of additivity
The portmanteau test in time-series analysis, testing for the presence of autocorrelation
Likelihood-ratio tests in general statistical modelling, for testing whether there is evidence of the need to move from a simple model to a more complicated one (where the simple model is nested within the complicated one).
Yates's correction for continuity
Using the chi-squared distribution to interpret Pearson's chi-squared statistic requires one to assume that the discrete probability of observed binomial frequencies in the table can be approximated by the continuous chi-squared distribution. This assumption is not quite correct and introduces some error.
To reduce the error in approximation, Frank Yates suggested a correction for continuity that adjusts the formula for Pearson's chi-squared test by subtracting 0.5 from the absolute difference between each observed value and its expected value in a contingency table. This reduces the chi-squared value obtained and thus increases its p-value.
Chi-squared test for variance in a normal population
If a sample of size is taken from a population having a normal distribution, then there is a result (see distribution of the sample variance) which allows a test to be made of whether the variance of the population has a pre-determined value. For example, a manufacturing process might have been in stable condition for a long period, allowing a value for the variance to be determined essentially without error. Suppose that a variant of the process is being tested, giving rise to a small sample of product items whose variation is to be tested. The test statistic in this instance could be set to be the sum of squares about the sample mean, divided by the nominal value for the variance (i.e. the value to be tested as holding). Then has a chi-squared distribution with degrees of freedom. For example, if the sample size is 21, the acceptance region for with a significance level of 5% is between 9.59 and 34.17.
Example chi-squared test for categorical data
Suppose there is a city of 1,000,000 residents with four neighborhoods: , , , and . A random sample of 650 residents of the city is taken and their occupation is recorded as "white collar", "blue collar", or "no collar". The null hypothesis is that each person's neighborhood of residence is independent of the person's occupational classification. The data are tabulated as:
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: right;"
|-
! !! !! !! !! !! Total
|-
|style="text-align: left;"| White collar || 90 || 60 || 104 || 95 || 349
|-
|style="text-align: left;"| Blue collar || 30 || 50 || 51 || 20 || 151
|-
|style="text-align: left;"| No collar || 30 || 40 || 45 || 35 || 150
|-
!style="text-align: left;"| Total || 150 || 150 || 200 || 150 || 650
|}
Let us take the sample living in neighborhood , 150, to estimate what proportion of the whole 1,000,000 live in neighborhood . Similarly we take to estimate what proportion of the 1,000,000 are white-collar workers. By the assumption of independence under the hypothesis we should "expect" the number of white-collar workers in neighborhood to be
Then in that "cell" of the table, we have
The sum of these quantities over all of the cells is the test statistic; in this case, . Under the null hypothesis, this sum has approximately a chi-squared distribution whose number of degrees of freedom is
If the test statistic is improbably large according to that chi-squared distribution, then one rejects the null hypothesis of independence.
A related issue is a test of homogeneity. Suppose that instead of giving every resident of each of the four neighborhoods an equal chance of inclusion in the sample, we decide in advance how many residents of each neighborhood to include. Then each resident has the same chance of being chosen as do all residents of the same neighborhood, but residents of different neighborhoods would have different probabilities of being chosen if the four sample sizes are not proportional to the populations of the four neighborhoods. In such a case, we would be testing "homogeneity" rather than "independence". The question is whether the proportions of blue-collar, white-collar, and no-collar workers in the four neighborhoods are the same. However, the test is done in the same way.
Applications
In cryptanalysis, the chi-squared test is used to compare the distribution of plaintext and (possibly) decrypted ciphertext. The lowest value of the test means that the decryption was successful with high probability. This method can be generalized for solving modern cryptographic problems.
In bioinformatics, the chi-squared test is used to compare the distribution of certain properties of genes (e.g., genomic content, mutation rate, interaction network clustering, etc.) belonging to different categories (e.g., disease genes, essential genes, genes on a certain chromosome etc.).
See also
Chi-squared test nomogram
G-test
Minimum chi-square estimation
Nonparametric statistics
Wald test
Wilson score interval
References
Further reading
Statistical tests for contingency tables
Nonparametric statistics
Robert Van't Hof was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Alex Antonitsch won the tournament, beating Pat Cash in the final, 7–6, 6–3.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Main draw
Seoul Open
1990 Seoul Open
The Lawhorn Kee Bird is a high-wing, conventional landing gear homebuilt aircraft designed for bush flying.
Design and development
The Kee Bird is the second design from Jerry Lawhorn. It was designed as a low-cost hunting, camping and fishing transport in high-altitude rough landing strips.
The key feature of the aircraft are the oversized tires for tundra operations. The fuselage is of steel tube construction with doped aircraft fabric covering with round porthole windows. It features upward opening doors, removable seats and overhead mounted wheel controls. The windscreen uses 1/8" safety glass. The aluminium wings were sourced from a Boeing YL-15.
Aircraft construction started in September 1954 and completed in July 1957.
Specifications (Lawhorn Kee Bird)
References
Homebuilt aircraft
The Union Beach School System is a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Union Beach, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2019–20 school year, the district, comprised of one school, had an enrollment of 640 students and 61.7 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.4:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "CD", the sixth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From the lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Public school students in ninth through twelfth grades attend Keyport High School in Keyport, as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Keyport Public Schools. As of the 2019–20 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 373 students and 36.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.2:1. Students have the choice, as well, to apply for Red Bank Regional High School for admission into its specialized programs.
School
Union Beach Memorial School had an enrollment of 627 students in grades PreK–8 as of the 2019–20 school year.
Kelly Savicky, Principal
Administration
Core members of the district's administration are:
Amanda Lewart, Superintendent
George Gahles, Business Administrator / Board Secretary
Board of education
The district's board of education has nine members who set policy and oversee the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the day-to-day operation of the district.
References
External links
Union Beach School System
School Data for the Union Beach School System, National Center for Education Statistics
Union Beach, New Jersey
New Jersey District Factor Group CD
School districts in Monmouth County, New Jersey
Public K–8 schools in New Jersey
Pupilla muscorum, commonly known as the Moss Chrysalis snail or widespread column, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
Taxonomy
A variety Pupilla muscorum var. pratensis Clessin, 1871 considered as ecophenotype of Pupilla muscorum was elevated to its species level Pupilla pratensis in 2009.
Description
The shell is usually light brown, varies from reddish brown to horny grey, weakly striated or almost smooth, 5–6.5 weakly convex whorls, suture not very deep (deep suture is presented in Pupilla sterrii – see picture below), aperture usually with well-developed lip, cervical callus strongly developed, like a dam, parietal tooth usually present, palatal tooth sometimes too.
Pupilla muscorum differs from Pupilla pratensis with which it lives sympatrically, in its thicker, smaller and more slender shell, lighter and more variable colour and stronger apertural lip.
The animal of Pupilla muscorum is small, elliptical, dark with lighter sides and foot, upper tentacles not very long, lower tentacles very short.
Extant populations of P. muscorum are practically identical in shape to their ancestors, indicating that the have tracked their ecological niches over time.
The height of the shell is 3.0–4.0 mm. The width of the shell is 1.65–1.75 mm (shell diameter does not vary much).
Distribution
This species of land snail occurs in the Northern Hemisphere including almost all of Europe. It is recorded as present in countries and islands including:
Great Britain. It is threatened by disturbance due to intensification of land use of old calcareous grasslands in Britain.
Ireland
lower concern in Austria. Vulnerable in Vorarlberg.
lower concern in Germany, decreasing (4R) in Bavaria.
Czech Republic
Slovakia
Ukraine and Crimea
Pakistan
Michigan, USA
Utah, USA
Vermont, USA
Ecology
Pupilla muscorum lives in dry meadows, sand dunes, in open and sunny habitats. Calciphile. In Portugal it is found under stones, dead leaves and in mosses. In Britain it is frequent in sheep-grazed calcareous grasslands. In the Alps in up to 2400 m, in Bulgaria 1200 m.
Ovoviviparous, the species is able to hibernate with its eggs, and can then release eggs with partly grown embryos during more favourable seasons.
References
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.
External links
Pupillidae
Gastropods described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Molluscs of Pakistan
Yvette M. Jarvis, a 1979 magna cum laude graduate of Boston University, moved to Greece in 1982 as an accomplished basketball player, to play for Panathinaikos. She became the first African American to play in the Greek Women's Basketball League, while also being the first salaried female athlete in the league.
She is the first African-American elected to public office in Greece in October 2002. An elected city councilwoman in Athens, Jarvis is a former professional athlete, model and actress.
Jarvis, is a strong supporter of human rights, those particularly of Greece's women, children, immigrants, and the disabled. Some of Jarvis' many political accomplishments include the establishment of a national toll-free hotline for victims of domestic violence in April 2003 and the development of a Greek Language program for Immigrant Mothers for the City of Athens.
She was the coordinator for the "Obama for President - Greece" organization for US expats in Greece in 2008 and 2012.
Chair of Democrats Abroad from 2010-2013 and a boardmember from 1992.
She is the lead singer and Co-Founder [Theo Gkoutsidis] of the band SouLuv. www.youtube.com/souluvband
She is married to John Muller [Lobo Canine School/WordManinAthens] and they have a son, John Jacob Muller.
Yvette and her family currently reside in Centennial, Colorado where she currently serves as Senior Program Director of the Extended Learning Program with Denver Public Schools.
Sources
Carson, Peter. (August 16, 2004). "American Aphrodite." Retrieved June 5, 2007.
Carroll, Denolyn. (March, 2003). "You go! Yvette Jarvis - now! - African American woman elected to Athens, Greece city council - Brief Article." Essence. Retrieved June 5, 2007.
"Yvette Jarvis: A Citizen of the World." (December, 2005). Boston University's Alumni e-Newsletter. Retrieved June 5, 2007.
"Yvette Jarvis to join PASOK ticket for Athens municipal polls." (May 11, 2002). Athens News Agency. Retrieved June 5, 2007.
"Yvette Jarvis' website in Greek." Retrieved June 5, 2007.
"Yvette Jarvis' website in English." Retrieved June 5, 2007.
Year of birth missing (living people)
Naturalized citizens of Greece
American expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Living people
Boston University alumni
Greek women's basketball players
Greek people of African-American descent
American emigrants to Greece
Panathinaikos WBC players
Hazlegrove House is a substantial 17th-century house and Grade II listed building located in the parish of Queen Camel near Sparkford, Somerset, England. It was largely rebuilt by Carew Mildmay in 1730. After being used as a hospital facility during World War II, the house became the home of the Hazlegrove Preparatory School in 1947.
The house is set within of parkland, with direct access to the A303 road.
Due to school sports pitches and other developments the parkland was threatened to be put on the Heritage at Risk Register. However, this has not yet occurred as of June 2019.
The gardens and parkland are listed Grade II on the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens.
References
Grade II listed buildings in South Somerset
Structures on the Heritage at Risk register in Somerset
Gardens in Somerset
Grade II listed parks and gardens in Somerset
Syed Meesam Tammarسید میسم تمار (11 November 1933 – 12 April 2008), best known as Parwana Rudaulviپروانہ ردولوی, was an Indian Urdu-language writer and journalist. He was born in Rudauli, which was then in Barabanki district and is now in Faizabad. He is maternal grandfather of Fazayal Shabbir, author of the book "City Under Curfew and other stories"
Career
1950 Reporter in U. P. Assembly
1951 Nai Dunya, Delhi
1955 Launched own Urdu daily SIYASAT-E-NAU from Kanpur. Discontinued its publication in 1957
1957 Joined the Daily Hindustan Bombay
1959 Rejoined the daily NAI DUNIYA, as its Executive Editor
1960 Worked in The Daily Dawat, Delhi
1963 Worked in The Daily Mulk-O-Millat, Delhi
1968 Worked with Daily Qaaed of Lucknow, as its Resident Editor
1969 Joined the Daily Pratap, New Delhi. Worked there for about 22 years (until 1990) in many important positions, including head of the magazine section
1990 Executive Editor of the leading Urdu Daily Awam, New Delhi
1997 Executive Editor of Daily Sab-ka-Akhbar, New Delhi
Roles
President of Hum Hindustani, an organisation working for communal harmony among all sections of society.
General Secretary, Delhi Writers Forum, working for the welfare of writers and journalists.
Member of the Governing Council of Urdu Academy, Delhi.
Urdu News bulletin Compiler and Newsreader, Radio Kashmir, Srinagar (Delhi Camp).
Commentator, All India Radio NSD & ESD.
Editor, News & Views (Urdu Feature Service).
Books published
URDU SAHAFAT KA ISTEGHASA (Research Book)
JONK (Collection of Short Stories)
NIJAT KA RASTA (Moral Values)
HOO-BA-HOO (Sketches of contemporary writers, poets and journalists)
AAZMAISH (Novel)
VEERANI NAHIN JAATI (Novel)
KARBALA SE KOOFEY TAK (History)
SHAH NAMA E KARBALA (Long Poem)
KARBALA KI BAHADUR KHAWATEEN (History)
QATILANE HUSAIN KA IBRATNAK ANJAM (History)
SPAIN SE BOSNIA TAK (History)
NOSTRADAMUS KI SACHCHI AUR HAIRAT ANGEZ PESHANGOIYAN(Mysticism)
JALIANWALA BAGH KA HERO (Urdu Translation, National Book Trust (NBT))
TODA & TORA (Urdu Translation, National Book Trust (NBT))
INDIA 2001 (Urdu Translation, National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language (NCPUL))
Awards
Film Avlokan Award (Twice)
Matra Shree Award (Twice)
Alami Urdu Award for Lifetime Achievements in Journalism
Delhi Urdu Academy Award for Excellence in Journalism
U. P. Urdu Academy Award for Short Stories
Mir -E- Qalam Award (All India Mir Academy, Lucknow)
Baba – E - Urdu Dr. Abdul Haq Award
Ramkishan Jaidayal Dalmia Award for National Harmony.http://www.dalmiabrothers.com/oufawards.htm
References
Urdu-language writers from India
Indian male journalists
Journalists from Uttar Pradesh
The Kamchia gas field natural gas field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea. It was discovered in 1993 and developed by PetroCeltic. It began production in 1998 and produces natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the Kamchia gas field are around 172 billion cubic feet (4.9 km³), and production is slated to be around 40 million cubic feet/day (1.1×106m³) in 2015.
References
Black Sea energy
Natural gas fields in Bulgaria
Black Sea Region
The Wyoming Army National Guard Cavalry Stable in Newcastle, Wyoming was built between 1933 and 1936 for the Wyoming National Guard's horses. It is the last National Guard cavalry stable in Wyoming. It has been used as the Anna Miller Museum by the Weston County Historical Society since 1966.
Anna Miller Museum
The Anna Miller Museums is a museum of local history, with exhibits about the area's pioneers, Native Americans and prehistoric history.
Stable history
Funding for the stables was provided by the Depression-era Civil Works Administration and Works Progress Administration. The Newcastle National Guard unit was formed in 1899 as Company A, Second Regiment, Wyoming National Guard, becoming Company A of the Third Wyoming Infantry Regiment in 1905. In 1921 the Third Infantry Regiment was reorganized as the First Cavalry, finally becoming in 1942 Troop F, 115th Horse Mechanized Cavalry. Similar units with similar facilities existed in Sheridan, Douglas, Casper and Torrington.
The original plans for the stables included a by riding hall adjacent to the stables, using the same materials. Footings were started, but due to the onset of World War II the hall was never completed. Stone intended for the hall was appropriated for other local construction projects. Of the Wyoming units, only Torrington had a completed riding hall.
The one story building measures wide by long, with a rock-faced sandstone exterior. The walls are solid stone thick, with the stone obtained from a quarry on Salt Creek. Stonework was by the Sundstrom Brothers, who also worked on the Weston County Courthouse.
The building was built with stables and a caretaker's residence within. Much of the interior has an open ceiling with the roof structure visible above. The roof structure is heavy timber trusses on centers.
The Wyoming Army National Guard Cavalry Stable was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Wyoming Army National Guard Cavalry Stable at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Anna Miller Museum - Newcastle Area Chamber of Commerce site
Anna Miller Museum - information from Planetware
Museum information from Online Highway
Military facilities on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Buildings and structures in Weston County, Wyoming
History museums in Wyoming
Museums in Weston County, Wyoming
Works Progress Administration in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Weston County, Wyoming
Stables in the United States
Newcastle, Wyoming
Adam H. Sterling (born 1960) is an American diplomat and currently the Civilian Deputy and Foreign Policy Advisor to US European Command. He previously served as the Ambassador to Slovakia from May 2016 to August 2019.
Biography
Education
Sterling earned a Master of Public Policy degree from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and a Bachelor's degree from Grinnell College.
Career
Sterling joined the Foreign Service in 1990 after working as a liaison to the United Nations for the Mayor of New York City. His initial diplomatic posts include Peru from 1991 to 1993 and Belgium from 1993 to 1995. Later, he returned to America as a desk officer in the Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs from 1995 to 1997. Then, Sterling completed two political tours in Kazakhstan from 1998 to 2001 and Israel from 2001 to 2005. After his overseas tours, Sterling served as a Special Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs from 2005 to 2006. Next, he served as the Director for Central and Eastern European Affairs on the National Security Council staff from 2006 to 2009. Posting back overseas, Sterling was the Deputy Chief of Mission and twice as Chargé d'affaires to Azerbaijan from 2010 to 2013. Next, he served as Deputy Chief of Mission and twice as Chargé d'affaires to the Netherlands from 2013 to 2016.
Most recently, Sterling was the Ambassador to Slovakia from May 2016 to August 2019.
Personal life
Sterling grew up in both New York City and Lawrence, Kansas. He is married and has two children.
References
1960 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Grinnell College alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
United States Foreign Service personnel
Ambassadors of the United States to Slovakia
The 2017–18 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders men's basketball team represented Middle Tennessee State University during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Blue Raiders, led by 16th-year head coach Kermit Davis, played their home games at the Murphy Center in Murfreesboro, Tennessee as members of Conference USA. They finished the season 25–8 overall, 16–2 in C-USA play to win the regular season championship. In the C-USA Tournament, they were defeated in the quarterfinals by Southern Miss in overtime. As a regular season conference champion who failed to win their conference tournament, the Blue Raiders received an automatic bid to the National Invitation Tournament, where they defeated Vermont in the first round before losing to Louisville in the second round.
The season marked the first time in the program's history that the Blue Raiders were ranked in the AP Top 25 during the season, coming in at No. 24 on the week of February 19.
Head coach Kermit Davis left the school on March 19, 2018 to accept the head coaching job at Ole Miss. He finished at Middle Tennessee with a 16-year record of 332–188. On March 24, the Blue Raiders named UNC Asheville head coach Nick McDevitt as the team's new head coach.
Previous season
The Blue Raiders finished the 2016–17 season 27–4, 17–1 in C-USA play to win the regular season championship. In the C-USA Tournament, they defeated UTSA, UTEP, and Marshall to win the 2017 C-USA Tournament. As a result, they received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. As the No. 12 seed in the South region, they defeated 5-seeded Minnesota in the First Round before losing in the Second Round to 4-seeded Butler. The team also had several winning streaks during the season winning 8 games in a row in non-conference schedule, 10 games in a row to start conference play and a new school record, then 11 games in a row from mid-conference play all the way through winning the conference tournament and into the NCAA tournament before losing to Butler. The team finished the season with a 31–5, 17–1 record setting new school and conference records for wins in a season and in conference play and had another NCAA tournament upset for the second straight year.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2017 recruiting class
2018 recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Conference USA regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Conference USA Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NIT
|-
Source
References
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders men's basketball seasons
Middle Tennessee
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders
Middle Tennessee
"How High the Moon" is a jazz standard with lyrics by Nancy Hamilton and music by Morgan Lewis. It was first featured in the 1940 Broadway revue Two for the Show, where it was sung by Alfred Drake and Frances Comstock. In Two for the Show, this was a rare serious moment in an otherwise humorous revue.
Recordings
The earliest recorded hit version was by Benny Goodman & His Orchestra, featuring vocalist Helen Forrest. It was recorded on February 7, 1940, and released by Columbia Records as catalog number 35391, with the flip side "Fable of the Rose". The Les Paul Trio recorded a version released as V-Disc 540B with a spoken introduction which was issued in November, 1945 by the U.S. War Department. In 1948, bandleader Stan Kenton enjoyed some success with his version of the tune. The recording, with a vocal by June Christy, was released by Capitol Records as catalog number 911 (with the flip side "Willow, Weep for Me") and 15117 (with the flip side "Interlude"). It reached the Billboard magazine Best Seller chart on July 9, 1948, its only week on the chart, at #27.
A recording of the song by Les Paul and Mary Ford was made on January 4, 1951. The record was released on March 26 by Capitol Records as catalog number 1451, with the flip side "Walkin' and Whistlin' Blues", and spent 25 weeks (beginning on March 23, 1951) on the Billboard chart, 9 weeks at #1.
The record was subsequently re-released by Capitol as catalog number 1675, with "Josephine" on the B-side. This version crossed over to the Most-Played Juke Box Rhythm & Blues Records chart, where it peaked at #2.
This recording was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1979 and is on the list of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum of the Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll.
The song was sung in various recordings by Ella Fitzgerald, becoming (with the Gershwins' "Oh, Lady Be Good!") Ella's signature tune. She first performed the song at Carnegie Hall on September 29, 1947. Her first recording, backed by the Daydreamers, was recorded December 20, 1947, and released by Decca Records as catalog number 24387, with the flip side "You Turned the Tables on Me". Her most celebrated recording of "How High the Moon" is on her 1960 album Ella in Berlin, and her version was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2002, which is a special Grammy award established in 1973 to honor recordings that are at least twenty-five years old, and that have "qualitative or historical significance."
The song has become a gypsy jazz standard and has been recorded by several musicians of the genre.
Other versions
Lola Albright in Peter Gunn Season 1, Episode 5 "The Frog", 1958.
Ray Anthony - Jam Session at the Tower (2008).
Louis Armstrong and his orchestra (recorded in two parts November 30, 1947, released by Decca Records as catalog numbers 28103 & 28104, each with the flip side being a part of a two-part recording of "Body and Soul".)
Mitchel Ayres' orchestra (vocal: Mary Ann Mercer: recorded February 8, 1940, released by Bluebird Records as catalog number 10609B, with the flip side "A House with a Little Red Barn".)
Chet Baker (trumpet) on the 1959 album Chet.
Jeff Beck and Imelda May live performance, 2010 Grammy Awards, as a tribute to Les Paul.
Bonnemere (released 1949 by Royal Roost Records as catalog number 582, with the flip side "Autumn Leaves".)
The Jack Benny Show - Mahlon Merrick arrangement, February 18, 1940.
Randy Brooks and his orchestra (recorded March 22, 1946, released by Decca Records as catalog number 29479, with the flip side "Thunder Rock".)
Charles Brown Trio (recorded November 11, 1948, released by Aladdin Records as catalog number 3071, with the flip side "Texas Blues".)
The Dave Brubeck Octet recorded a lengthy track, with narration, where they play "How High The Moon" in various jazz styles.
The Dave Brubeck Quartet recorded a 9:11-length version at Oberlin College in March 1953 that is included on the album Jazz at Oberlin.
Dave Brubeck and Jon Hendricks recorded it as a short, slow ballad on Brubeck's 1995 CD Young Lions & Old Tigers.
Don Byas Quintet (recorded November 26, 1945, released by Savoy Records as catalog numbers 597A and 916A, both with the flip side "Ko Ko".)
Lilyann Carol with Charlie Ventura and Orchestra (released by National Records as catalog number 7015, with the flip side "Please Be Kind".)
Al Casey's Sextet (recorded January 19, 1945, released by Capitol Records as catalog number 10034, with the flip side "Sometimes I'm Happy".)
Herman Chittison Trio (released by Musicraft Records as catalog number 315, with the flip side "The Song Is Ended".)
June Christy - A Friendly Session, Vol. 3 (2000) with the Johnny Guarnieri Quintet; Cool Christy (2002).
Larry Clinton and his orchestra (recorded February 20, 1940, released by Victor Records as catalog number 26521, with the flip side "Bread and Butter".)
Nat King Cole (released by Capitol Records as catalog number 10191, with the flip side "Blues in My Shower".)
King Cole Trio (released by Capitol Records as catalog number 531, with the flip side "I'll Never Be the Same".)
Bing Crosby, in a medley with "Old Devil Moon" as part of the album El Señor Bing (1960).
Chris Connor - I Walk With Music (2002).
Kaye Connor (released by Cosmo Records as catalog number 485, with the flip side "Derry Dum".)
Duke Ellington and his orchestra (recorded November 14, 1947, released by Columbia Records as catalog number 38950, with the flip side "Cowboy Rhumba".)
Ziggy Elman (recorded 1947, released by MGM Records as catalog number 10332, with the flip side "The Night Is Young and You're So Beautiful".)
Erroll Garner (released by Arco Records as catalog number 1214, with the flip side "Don't Blame Me.")
Erroll Garner Trio (recorded October 7, 1950, released by Columbia Records as catalog number 39145, with the flip side "Poor Butterfly".)
Natalie Gauci, winner of Australian Idol 2007, performed this song on the Top 4 Big Band show.
Marvin Gaye (on Tamla Records album The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye, catalog number TM 221, released June 1961.)
Gloria Gaynor (Disco version of the song, on 1975 MGM Records album Experience Gloria Gaynor, catalog number M3G 4997.) Along with the tracks, "Casanova Brown" and "(If You Want It) Do It Yourself", this version went to number one on the disco/dance chart.
Dizzy Gillespie (released by MGM Records as catalog number 30742, with another recording of the same song by Jimmy McPartland on the flip side.)
Benny Goodman Septet (released by Capitol Records as catalog number 20126, with the flip side "Benny's Boogie".)
Stéphane Grappelli with Bucky Pizzarelli and Kenny Burrell.
Larry Green (released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 20-2119, with the flip side "Far Away Island".)
Lionel Hampton Quintet (recorded April 2, 1947, released by Decca Records as catalog number 24513, with the flip side "Ribs and Hot Sauce".)
Bill Harris (released by Capitol Records as catalog number 60004, with the flip side "The Moon Is Low".)
Emmylou Harris (on 1981 album Evangeline.)
Eddie Heywood and his orchestra (recorded May 2, 1944, released by Signature Records as catalog number 40002A, with the flip side "Sarcastic Lady".)
Harry James' orchestra (recorded March 1940, released by Varsity Records as catalog number 8221. and by Montgomery Ward as catalog number 10004, both with the flip side "You've Got Me Out on a Limb".)
Jazz at the Philharmonic (recorded in four parts October 7, 1946, released by Mercury Records as catalog numbers 11009 & 11010.)
Bibbi Johnson and Thore Swanerud (recorded September 19, 1949, in Stockholm, Sweden; released by Savoy Records as catalog number 965, with the flip side "Tout Desire".) (also listed as by the Thore Swanerud Sextet, issued by Discovery Records as catalog number 173, with the flip side "Tout D'Suite".)
Carlos del Junco Up and At Em CD (2001).
Gene Krupa and his orchestra (recorded May 27, 1946, released by Columbia Records as catalog number 38345, with the flip side "Tea for Two".)
Abbey Lincoln, on the album The World Is Falling Down (Verve Records), 1991.
Manhattan Transfer, on the 1985 album Bop Doo-Wopp released by Atlantic Records.
Johnny Mathis, 1960, on album Johnny's Mood.
Big Jay McNeely on the album Live at Birdland, 1957 (1992, Collectable Records), recorded live in stereo at the Seattle, Washington, Birdland Club in 1957.
Jimmy McPartland (issued back-to-back with the Dizzy Gillespie recording by MGM Records as catalog number 30742.)
Metronome All Stars (with Roy Eldridge, Lester Young, Billy Eckstine, Warne Marsh, among others) (1953).
Chris Montez, 1966, A&M Records album The More I See You/Call Me, catalog number SP 4115.)
Russ Morgan and his orchestra (recorded February 20, 1940, released by Decca Records as catalog number 3030A, with the flip side "Rose of the World".)
Anita O'Day (with Ralph Burns orchestra; released by Signature Records as catalog number 15185A, with the flip side "Key Largo".)
Oscar Peterson (released by Mercury Records as catalog number 8943, with the flip side "Nameless Blues".)
Phish, dedicated to the memory of Les Paul, Darien Center, NY 8/13/2009.
The Polecats on their 1981 Mercury Records album Polecats Are Go!.
Bud Powell (piano) on the album Spring Broadcasts 1953, with Oscar Pettiford on bass and Roy Haynes on drums. This broadcast was recorded March 21, 1953.
Boyd Raeburn and his orchestra (recorded August 14, 1947, released by Atlantic Records as catalog number 860, with the flip side "Trouble Is a Man".)
Dianne Reeves (on 1991 Blue Note Records album I Remember, catalog number B2 90264, also recorded for the Grammy Award-winning soundtrack to Good Night, and Good Luck in 2005.
Freddie Rich and his orchestra (vocal: Rosemary Calvin; recorded February 14, 1940, released by Vocalion Records as catalog number 5420, with the flip side "House with a Little Red Barn".)
Django Reinhardt, with Stephane Grappelli (on 3-CD set, Retrospective 1934-53, released by Sunny Side on November 4, 2006)
David Rose and his orchestra (released by MGM Records as catalog numbers 30012B (with the flip side "Gay Spirits") and 30303 (with the flip side "Bewitched").)
Diane Schuur, 1992, GRP Records album In Tribute, catalog number GRD 2006.
Hazel Scott (piano instrumental solo; released by Signature Records as catalog number 15025B, with the flip side "A Rainy Night in Georgia".)
George Shearing Quintet (recorded December 18, 1951, released by MGM Records as catalog number 30627, with the flip side "Ghost of a Chance".)
Janis Siegel (on 1982 Atlantic Records album Experiment in White, catalog number 80007 1.)
Jimmy Smith (released by Blue Note Records as catalog number 1667, with the flip side "Summertime".)
Keely Smith in 1985 on her jazz album I'm in Love Again on Fantasy Records.
Pat Suzuki on her album Miss ponytail (1957). This version plays during the opening scenes of the movie Biloxi Blues, and is also featured in the movie Eat a Bowl of Tea.
Art Tatum (solo piano) on the compilation album Piano Starts Here, released by Columbia Records in 1987.
Alexia Vassiliou recorded the song in her 1996 jazz album, featuring Chick Corea, In A Jazz Mood for Sony-BMG.
Sarah Vaughan in 1957 recorded live at Mr. Kelly's in Chicago. Notation is given to a version performed by Ella Fitzgerald on which she scats the verses, for which Sarah emulates.
Charlie Ventura (recorded September 6, 1946, released by National Records as catalog number 7015, with the flip side "Please Be Kind".)
Paul Weston and his orchestra (released by Columbia Records as catalog number 39299 and 39647, both with the flip side "Over the Rainbow"; also issued on the album Dream Time Music, Columbia catalog number CL 528, released November 2, 1953.)
Mary Lou Williams (released by Disc Records as catalog number 5025, with the flip side "Cloudy".
Norman Vis (guitar) and his wife Anne-Lise Ricau (flute) released by Ouf Records on November 4, 2001, in Larreule.
Songs based on "How High the Moon"
Another jazz standard, "Ornithology" by Charlie Parker, is based on the chords of "How High the Moon". It was common among jazz musicians (Ella Fitzgerald, Lionel Hampton and others) to seamlessly include "Ornithology" in the solo when performing "How High the Moon". Lennie Tristano wrote the contrafact "Lennie-bird" over the chord changes, and Miles Davis/Chuck Wayne's "Solar" is also based on part of the chord structure. Coleman Hawkins' tune "Bean At Met" is also based on the changes of How High The Moon; this tune starts with simple riffs on the measures 1 to 8 and 17 to 24. The rest is filled up with solos.
John Coltrane's composition "Satellite" is also based on the chords of "How High the Moon", which Coltrane embellished with the three-tonic progression he also used on his composition "Giant Steps".
Jimmy Giuffre's composition "Bright Moon" is also based on the chords of "How High the Moon". Quincy Jones recorded it in 1957 on his second album, Go West, Man!
See also
List of number-one dance singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
1940 songs
1940s jazz standards
1975 singles
Grammy Hall of Fame Award recipients
Benny Goodman songs
Nat King Cole songs
Ella Fitzgerald songs
Gloria Gaynor songs
Pop standards
Disco songs
United States National Recording Registry recordings
Jazz compositions in G major
Capitol Records singles
Bluebird Records singles
Songs about the Moon
Timothy Corsellis (27 January 1921 – 10 October 1941) was an English poet of World War II.
Early life
Timothy John Manley Corsellis was born on 27 January 1921 in Eltham, London, the third of the four children of Helen (née Bendall) and Douglas Corsellis. His father had lost a fore-arm at Gallipoli, but went on to become a prosperous barrister and learnt to fly his own light aircraft. Timothy went to St. Clare preparatory school in Walmer, Kent, where John Magee, the author of "High Flight" was a contemporary and Henry Bentinck became a friend. After his father's death in an air crash in 1930, Timothy was sent to Winchester College, where he contributed poems to the school magazine and fenced.
Leaving school to start work as an articled clerk in the Town Clerk's office in Wandsworth, he divided his evenings between work as a resident volunteer at the Crown and Manor Club, a Winchester College Settlement in Hoxton, East London and entertainment in Fitzrovia, where he earned money for drinks by "conjuring", a talent which earned him the right of entry into the exclusive Magic Circle.
Wartime experience
Strongly marked by the failure of the Munich Agreement, Corsellis registered in April 1939 as a conscientious objector on religious grounds. When war broke out he became an ARP warden. After Dunkirk, he volunteered for training as a fighter pilot. His initial training in Torquay and Carlisle did not prepare him for his assignment to Bomber Command, an assignment which in January 1941 he refused, on the grounds that his conscience would not permit him to take part in the indiscriminate bombing of civilians. His request to join Fighter Command was met with an honourable discharge from the RAF and his application to join the Fleet Air Arm was ignored, but he was accepted by the Air Transport Auxiliary, which ferried aircraft from factory to operational squadrons. From January to July 1941, at the height of the Blitz, he worked as a full-time ARP warden, and then he began his ATA training at White Waltham in August 1941. On 10 October 1941, the aircraft Corsellis was flying stalled and crashed over Annan in Dumfriesshire, Scotland. He was 20 years old.
Literary life
At the time of his death Corsellis was just beginning to break into London literary circles, and in death he was not forgotten. Keidrych Rhys and Patricia Ledward wrote elegies for him, and included some of his poems in their anthologies, Poems from the Forces,' More Poems from the Forces and Poems of This War by Younger Poets. As John Sutherland recounts, Stephen Spender, for whom Corsellis had found war work in Wandsworth, was haunted by his sudden disappearance, and his penultimate poem, dated 1941/1995 was dedicated to "Timothy Corsellis". The American anthologist Oscar Williams championed his work, and an American poet and former war pilot, Simon Perchik, has paid him tribute. In 2004 the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography took a first step in establishing a literary canon of World War 2 poets by including nine: Keith Douglas, Sidney Keyes, Alun Lewis, Gavin Ewart, Roy Fuller, John Pudney, Henry Reed, Frank Thompson and Corsellis. Ronald Blythe wrote a moving account of his life for the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, while critics as well known as Andrew Sinclair and D.S.R. Welland have singled out his work.
In 2012, Helen Goethals's The Unassuming Sky: The Life and Poetry of Timothy Corsellis made available for the first time a hundred of his poems, arranged to bring out their "unique literary and historical interest". Two reviews put them into context: those of Martyn Halsall in the Church Times – "This study assists the debate on war poetry from 1939 to 1945" – and Ralph Townsend in The Trusty Servant – "The place of Corsellis among the Second War poets of England is established in the anthologies. Here additional poems ... which have not before gone into print present him as an example of a young man whose education led him to take an independent moral view of things ...".
In 2014, the introduction to a War Words poetry reading by Andrew Eaton stated that "The First and Second World Wars inspired gifted writers from Wilfred Owen to Timothy Corsellis to commit to paper their personal wartime narratives. These texts, often graphic and harrowing, have gone on to become parts of the world's cultural fabric.".
Also in 2014 the Poetry Society, supported by the War Poets Association and the Imperial War Museums, launched its Timothy Corsellis Prize Competition for a poem responding to the Second World War. This was directed at young poets all over the world aged 14–25, and was for a poem responding to the life and/or work of Keith Douglas, Sidney Keyes, Alun Lewis, John Jarmain, Henry Reed or Timothy Corsellis, with a short comment (300 words) explaining how the competitor responded to one or more of them. The competition will be repeated annually for at least 5 years.
Excerpts from poems
Bibliography
Keidrych Rhys (ed.), Poems from the Forces, Routledge, 1941
– More Poems from the Forces, Routledge, 1943
Patricia Ledward & Colin Strang (ed.), Poems of this War by Younger Poets, Cambridge University Press, 1942
Robert Herring (ed.), Life and Letters Today, 1942
John Pudney & Henry Treece (ed.), Air Force Poetry, Bodley Head, 1944
Oscar Williams (ed.),The War Poets, New York, John Day Company, 1945
Oscar Williams (ed.), A Little Treasury of Modern Poetry, New York, Scribner & Sons, 1946
Oscar Williams (ed.), A Little Treasury of Modern Poetry, Routledge, 1947
Stephen Spender, World Within World, Harcourt, Brace, 1951.
Ronald Blythe (ed.), Components of the Scene: An Anthology of Stories, Poems and Essays from the Second World War, Penguin Books, 1966
Brian Gardner (ed.), The Terrible Rain: The War Poets 1939–1945, Methuen, 1966.
Charles Hamblett (ed.), I Burn for England: An Anthology of the Poetry of World War II, Frewin, 1966
Andrew Sinclair (ed.), The War Decade: An Anthology of the 1940s, Hamish Hamilton, 1989
– War like a Wasp: The Lost Decade of the 1940s, Hamish Hamilton, 1989
Victor Selwyn (ed.), Poems of the Second World War, Dent, Everyman's Library, 1985
– The Voice of War, Michael Joseph, 1995
Paul Fussell, Wartime: Understanding and Behavior in the Second World War, Oxford University Press, 1989
Gordon Mursell, English Spirituality: From 1700 to the Present Day, John Knox Press, 2001
Martin Barraclough (ed.), Give Me the Wings: A Celebration of English Aviation Poetry, Words by Design, 2012
Helen Goethals, The Unassuming Sky: The Life and Poetry of Timothy Corsellis, Cambridge Scholars Publishing, 2012.
References
External links
Book on Timothy by Helen Goethals (The Unassuming Sky: The Life and Poetry of Timothy Corsellis)
Article on Timothy by Helen Goethals, on The War Poets Association website (From Winchester to War: Timothy Corsellis (1921–1941))
Article on Timothy by Marcus Ferrar (Timothy Corsellis – a war poet's struggle with conscience)
Article on Timothy by Justin Croft (publication of an Antiques Roadshow discovery – war poet Timothy Corsellis)
Article on Stephen Spender, mentioning Timothy, by Paul Binding in the Independent (In paths of light)
Website dedicated to a close friend of Timothy, Henry Noel Bentinck, 1919–1997
Lesson plan to support the Timothy Corsellis Prize
1921 births
1941 deaths
20th-century male writers
20th-century English poets
Air Transport Auxiliary pilots
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in Scotland
British civilians killed in World War II
People educated at Winchester College
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1941
World War II poets
English conscientious objectors
Civil Defence Service personnel
RefWorks is a web-based commercial reference management software package. It is produced by Ex Libris, a ProQuest company. RefWorks LLC was founded in 2001 and the software was marketed by Cambridge Scientific Abstracts from 2002 until being acquired by ProQuest in 2008.
Functionality and features
Users' reference databases are stored online, allowing them to be accessed and updated from any computer with an internet connection. Institutional licenses allow universities to subscribe to RefWorks on behalf of all their students, faculty and staff. Individual licenses are also available. The software enables linking from a user's RefWorks account to electronic editions of journals to which the institution's library subscribes. This linking is accomplished by incorporating an institution's OpenURL resolver.
Many bibliographic database providers have implemented the ability to export references directly to RefWorks. In some cases (e.g. PubMed) reference citations must be saved to the user's computer as text files and then imported into RefWorks. In 2005 the bibliographic database Scopus formed a partnership with RefWorks to allow enhanced integration between the two products.
A word processor integration utility called Write-N-Cite enables users to insert reference codes from their RefWorks accounts into Microsoft Word documents, which can then be formatted to produce in-text citations and reference lists in various styles. A new version of Write-N-Cite (WNC4) for Mac was released in early 2012.
In 2005 RefWorks introduced a module called RefShare, which allows users to make public all or part of their RefWorks databases. This is done by creating a URL for a read-only version of the database or folder, which can be emailed or posted to a website. RefShare folders can also be used to create RSS feeds that are updated when new citations are added to the database.
RefMobile, a mobile phone interface, was introduced in 2009.
RefWorks includes RefGrab-It, a utility designed to capture bibliographic information from websites. , it was optimized to work with Amazon, Google Scholar, PubMed, Wikipedia, the BBC, USA TODAY, The New York Times, and the Los Angeles Times. The utility works with Firefox and Internet Explorer browsers only.
RefWorks-COS launched the current user interface, RefWorks 2.0, in 2010.
In 2016, ProQuest launched New RefWorks, featuring new functionality such as the ability to drag and drop PDFs, and a Save to RefWorks utility as a replacement for RefGrab-It. RefWorks 2.0 was rebranded as Legacy RefWorks and users were given the option of upgrading from Legacy to New RefWorks.
Canadian university access
In 2004 the Ontario Council of University Libraries (OCUL) consortium licensed RefWorks on behalf of its 20 member institutions. The RefWorks software was mounted on data servers belonging to Scholars Portal, which provides the platform for the digital resources licensed by OCUL. In addition to the software, data in RefWorks users accounts belonging to member institutions are housed on the Scholars Portal servers at the University of Toronto. A number of other Canadian academic libraries that license RefWorks have since contracted for access through Scholars Portal, so that their data also resides on the servers in Toronto. According to news reports, this was due to concerns that information about individuals' research interests, represented by data stored on RefWorks servers in the United States, could be vulnerable to scrutiny under the terms of the USA Patriot Act.
As of mid 2015 OCUL will no longer host RefWorks on its servers in Canada. Some academic libraries chose to migrate their data to the RefWorks servers located outside of Canada, while others ceased their subscription to RefWorks.
See also
Comparison of reference management software
Office Open XML software
OpenDocument software
References
External links
Ex Libris RefWorks - Reference Management (Website)
Ex Libris RefWorks - Login page
ProQuest
Reference management software
Kunming Airlines () is a Chinese airline based in Kunming, Yunnan province, and established in 2005.
History
In December 2005 the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) said it would soon approve operation of the private airline Kunming Airlines, which has a registered capital of RMB80 million, and plans to be based at Kunming Wujiaba International Airport.
As of January 2009, Kunming Airlines is 80 percent owned by Shenzhen Airlines with the remaining 20% owned by a local businessman, with a total registered capital of RMB 80 million. The new airline will receive two B737-700 and one B737-800 aircraft as well as 30 pilots and 26 flight attendants from Shenzhen Airlines.
The airline commenced operations on 15 February 2009 from Kunming to Changsha and Harbin.
Routes
Kunming Airlines, based in Kunming Changshui International Airport, will operate flights within Yunnan province as well as routes connecting Kunming and other cities, and gradually launch flights between Kunming and ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries.
Fleet
, Kunming Airlines operates an all-Boeing fleet consisting of the following aircraft:
In 2014 Kunming Airlines agreed to purchase 10 Boeing 737 aircraft (4 Boeing 737-700 Next Gen and 6 Boeing 737 MAX) in an $897m deal.
References
Airlines of China
Airlines established in 2005
Companies based in Kunming
Chinese brands
Air China
Chinese companies established in 2005
Politics & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal. It was established in 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The journal seeks to publish original analyses of politics, including its social roots and its consequences. Contributions are welcome from people of many disciplines, and they may take the form of theoretical essays, historical investigations, philosophical reflections, and empirical research. The journal emphasizes the use of lucid English in its articles. Politics & Society is committed to developing Marxist, post-Marxist, and other radical perspectives and to examining what Robert Lynd once called “some outrageous hypotheses.”
Abstracting and indexing
Politics & Society is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index.
See also
Caucus for a New Political Science
List of political science journals
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1970
Political science journals
Ferdows () is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 160, in 43 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Bryan L. Roth is the Michael Hooker Distinguished Professor of Protein Therapeutics and Translational Proteomics, University of North Carolina School of Medicine. He is recognized for his discoveries and inventions in the general areas of molecular pharmacology, GPCR structure, and function and synthetic neurobiology. He is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (AAAS) and the National Academy of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences (NAM)
Education
Roth earned his B.A. in biology from Carroll College in 1977 and his M.D. and Ph.D. in biochemistry from Saint Louis University in 1983. After postdoctoral training at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), he completed a psychiatry residency and fellowship at Stanford University in 1991. In 2007 he was appointed as the Michael Hooker Distinguished Professor of Protein Therapeutics and Translational Proteomics, UNC School of Medicine.
Research
Roth has made contributions to the fields of G protein coupled receptor (GPCR) pharmacology and neurobiology, particularly related to the function of serotonin and opioid receptors. His laboratory reported the structure of a serotonin receptor bound to the hallucinogenic drug, LSD. Other major works include identification of new probes and tools to detect GPCRs, obtained through directed evolution in animal cells, developing receptors activated solely by a synthetic ligand (DREADDs), a chemogenetic platform used to direct selective, dose-dependent activation of a specific G protein subtype in vivo. Thomas Insel, then Director of NIMH, stated in 2014 that DREADDs were one of the most important breakthrough technologies for the NIH brain initiative. and have been used by more than a thousand labs for interrogating neural circuits responsible for simple and complex behaviors in animals.
Awards and recognition
Roth's work has been recognized by Science Signaling as one of the ‘Signaling Breakthroughs of ‘2014' and 2016. His DREADD technology was highlighted as one of the important advances in the past 10 years in Nature Chemical Biology. Roth's chemical biology discoveries have been highlighted by NIMH as one of the ‘Top 10 Research Advances of 2011'.
Roth is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (AAAS) and the National Academy of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences (NAM).
He received the Goodman and Gilman Award in Receptor Pharmacology from the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics and was a 2018 Society for Neuroscience Presidential Special Lecture.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Saint Louis University alumni
Carroll College (Montana) alumni
University of North Carolina faculty
American pharmacologists
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
The Deputy Governor of Lagos State is the second-highest official of the Government of Lagos State who acts as the subordinate to the Governor. The Deputy Governor is selected as a running-mate by the gubernatorial nominee of a party after the primary elections. On 29 May 2019, Femi Hamzat was sworn-in as the current Deputy Governor of Lagos State after he was elected into office during the 2019 Nigerian election.
Qualifications
As in the case of the Governor, in order to be qualified to be elected as Deputy Governor, a person must:
be at least thirty-five (35) years of age;
be a Nigerian citizen by birth;
be a member of a political party with endorsement by that political party;
have School Certificate or its equivalent.
Responsibilities
The Deputy Governor assists the Governor in exercising primary assignments and is also eligible to replace a dead, impeached, absent or ill Governor as required by the 1999 Constitution of Nigeria.
List of Deputy Governors
See also
Governor of Lagos State
Government of Lagos State
References
Deputy Governors of Lagos State
Executive Council of Lagos State
Lalbojhi is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6720 living in 1019 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Gleichen is a municipality (in this case, a Gemeinde) in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Named after the two castles, Neuen-Gleichen and Alten-Gleichen on the twin peaks in the Gemeinde, it is situated about 10 km southeast of Göttingen, from which the peaks are visible. Its seat is Reinhausen.
Location
The municipality of Gleichen is located southeast of Göttingen, west-southwest of Duderstadt and north-northwest of Heilbad Heiligenstadt. The River Garte flows through several of the villages in the municipality, as does the small Wendebach stream, which is impounded by the Wendebach Reservoir. Both streams are right, eastern tributaries of the Leine.
In the center of the municipality are Die Gleichen, a pair of hills 430 m high, that rise between Appenrode, Bettenrode and Gelliehausen. Both hills were once crowned by castles, whose ruins may still be seen.
The villages in the municipality may be accessed on state roads (Landesstraßen) branching eastwards off the B 27 federal road.
Subdivisions
Besides Reinhausen, the villages in the municipality are:
Beienrode
Benniehausen
Bischhausen
Bremke
Diemarden
Etzenborn
Gelliehausen
Gross Lengden
Ischenrode
Kerstlingerode
Klein Lengden
Rittmarshausen
Sattenhausen
Weißenborn
Wöllmarshausen
Political situation
Currently, the community council of twenty-five (including the mayor) has eleven SPD, six CDU, five Greens, two BsP, and one SWG members.
Cultural resources and attractions
The Akademie Waldschloesschen lies on the L568 between Reinhausen and Bremke. In Bremke itself, there is the Waldbühne, an outdoor stage where, since 1949, fairy tales have been presented in the form of plays.
Personalities
Gottfried August Bürger(1747-1794), the poet lived from 1772 to 1773 in Gelliehausen and 1774 to 1784 in Wöllmarshausen and worked from 1772 to 1784 as court elderly in the Amtshaus in Gelliehausen
Werner Schröder (1916-2010), jurist, judge at the Bundessozialgericht in Kassel
Klaus-Peter Bruns (1913-2011) German farmer and politician (SPD).
References
External links
Official government site
Göttingen (district)
Selvam is a 1966 Indian Tamil-language film written and directed by K. S. Gopalakrishnan and produced by V. K. Ramasamy. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan and K. R. Vijaya. It was released on 11 November 1966.
Plot
Cast
Sivaji Ganesan as Selvam
K. R. Vijaya as Valli
S. V. Ranga Rao as Dr. Rajan
S. V. Sahasranamam as Boothalingam
V. Nagaiah as Kanthasamy
M. V. Rajamma as Dhanalakshmi
M. S. Sundari Bai as Mangalam
Nagesh as Iyer Kathakalachebam
Rama Prabha as Rathna
A. K. Veerasami
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan.
Reception
Kalki criticised Gopalakrishnan's screenplay for lacking essence and direction for lacking newness, but said the dialogues had richness.
References
External links
1960s Tamil-language films
1966 films
Films directed by K. S. Gopalakrishnan
Films scored by K. V. Mahadevan
Films with screenplays by K. S. Gopalakrishnan
In statistics, inter-rater reliability (also called by various similar names, such as inter-rater agreement, inter-rater concordance, inter-observer reliability, inter-coder reliability, and so on) is the degree of agreement among independent observers who rate, code, or assess the same phenomenon.
Assessment tools that rely on ratings must exhibit good inter-rater reliability, otherwise they are not valid tests.
There are a number of statistics that can be used to determine inter-rater reliability. Different statistics are appropriate for different types of measurement. Some options are joint-probability of agreement, such as Cohen's kappa, Scott's pi and Fleiss' kappa; or inter-rater correlation, concordance correlation coefficient, intra-class correlation, and Krippendorff's alpha.
Concept
There are several operational definitions of "inter-rater reliability," reflecting different viewpoints about what is a reliable agreement between raters. There are three operational definitions of agreement:
Reliable raters agree with the "official" rating of a performance.
Reliable raters agree with each other about the exact ratings to be awarded.
Reliable raters agree about which performance is better and which is worse.
These combine with two operational definitions of behavior:
Statistics
Joint probability of agreement
The joint-probability of agreement is the simplest and the least robust measure. It is estimated as the percentage of the time the raters agree in a nominal or categorical rating system. It does not take into account the fact that agreement may happen solely based on chance. There is some question whether or not there is a need to 'correct' for chance agreement; some suggest that, in any case, any such adjustment should be based on an explicit model of how chance and error affect raters' decisions.
When the number of categories being used is small (e.g. 2 or 3), the likelihood for 2 raters to agree by pure chance increases dramatically. This is because both raters must confine themselves to the limited number of options available, which impacts the overall agreement rate, and not necessarily their propensity for "intrinsic" agreement (an agreement is considered "intrinsic" if it is not due to chance).
Therefore, the joint probability of agreement will remain high even in the absence of any "intrinsic" agreement among raters. A useful inter-rater reliability coefficient is expected (a) to be close to 0 when there is no "intrinsic" agreement and (b) to increase as the "intrinsic" agreement rate improves. Most chance-corrected agreement coefficients achieve the first objective. However, the second objective is not achieved by many known chance-corrected measures.
Kappa statistics
Kappa is a way of measuring agreement or reliability, correcting for how often ratings might agree by chance. Cohen's kappa, which works for two raters, and Fleiss' kappa, an adaptation that works for any fixed number of raters, improve upon the joint probability in that they take into account the amount of agreement that could be expected to occur through chance. The original versions had the same problem as the joint-probability in that they treat the data as nominal and assume the ratings have no natural ordering; if the data actually have a rank (ordinal level of measurement), then that information is not fully considered in the measurements.
Later extensions of the approach included versions that could handle "partial credit" and ordinal scales. These extensions converge with the family of intra-class correlations (ICCs), so there is a conceptually related way of estimating reliability for each level of measurement from nominal (kappa) to ordinal (ordinal kappa or ICC—stretching assumptions) to interval (ICC, or ordinal kappa—treating the interval scale as ordinal), and ratio (ICCs). There also are variants that can look at agreement by raters across a set of items (e.g., do two interviewers agree about the depression scores for all of the items on the same semi-structured interview for one case?) as well as raters x cases (e.g., how well do two or more raters agree about whether 30 cases have a depression diagnosis, yes/no—a nominal variable).
Kappa is similar to a correlation coefficient in that it cannot go above +1.0 or below -1.0. Because it is used as a measure of agreement, only positive values would be expected in most situations; negative values would indicate systematic disagreement. Kappa can only achieve very high values when both agreement is good and the rate of the target condition is near 50% (because it includes the base rate in the calculation of joint probabilities). Several authorities have offered "rules of thumb" for interpreting the level of agreement, many of which agree in the gist even though the words are not identical.
Correlation coefficients
Either Pearson's , Kendall's τ, or Spearman's can be used to measure pairwise correlation among raters using a scale that is ordered. Pearson assumes the rating scale is continuous; Kendall and Spearman statistics assume only that it is ordinal. If more than two raters are observed, an average level of agreement for the group can be calculated as the mean of the , τ, or values from each possible pair of raters.
Intra-class correlation coefficient
Another way of performing reliability testing is to use the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC). There are several types of this and one is defined as, "the proportion of variance of an observation due to between-subject variability in the true scores". The range of the ICC may be between 0.0 and 1.0 (an early definition of ICC could be between −1 and +1). The ICC will be high when there is little variation between the scores given to each item by the raters, e.g. if all raters give the same or similar scores to each of the items. The ICC is an improvement over Pearson's and Spearman's , as it takes into account the differences in ratings for individual segments, along with the correlation between raters.
Limits of agreement
Another approach to agreement (useful when there are only two raters and the scale is continuous) is to calculate the differences between each pair of the two raters' observations. The mean of these differences is termed bias and the reference interval (mean ± 1.96 × standard deviation) is termed limits of agreement. The limits of agreement provide insight into how much random variation may be influencing the ratings.
If the raters tend to agree, the differences between the raters' observations will be near zero. If one rater is usually higher or lower than the other by a consistent amount, the bias will be different from zero. If the raters tend to disagree, but without a consistent pattern of one rating higher than the other, the mean will be near zero. Confidence limits (usually 95%) can be calculated for both the bias and each of the limits of agreement.
There are several formulae that can be used to calculate limits of agreement. The simple formula, which was given in the previous paragraph and works well for sample size greater than 60, is
For smaller sample sizes, another common simplification is
However, the most accurate formula (which is applicable for all sample sizes) is
Bland and Altman have expanded on this idea by graphing the difference of each point, the mean difference, and the limits of agreement on the vertical against the average of the two ratings on the horizontal. The resulting Bland–Altman plot demonstrates not only the overall degree of agreement, but also whether the agreement is related to the underlying value of the item. For instance, two raters might agree closely in estimating the size of small items, but disagree about larger items.
When comparing two methods of measurement, it is not only of interest to estimate both bias and limits of agreement between the two methods (inter-rater agreement), but also to assess these characteristics for each method within itself. It might very well be that the agreement between two methods is poor simply because one of the methods has wide limits of agreement while the other has narrow. In this case, the method with the narrow limits of agreement would be superior from a statistical point of view, while practical or other considerations might change this appreciation. What constitutes narrow or wide limits of agreement or large or small bias is a matter of a practical assessment in each case.
Krippendorff's alpha
Krippendorff's alpha is a versatile statistic that assesses the agreement achieved among observers who categorize, evaluate, or measure a given set of objects in terms of the values of a variable. It generalizes several specialized agreement coefficients by accepting any number of observers, being applicable to nominal, ordinal, interval, and ratio levels of measurement, being able to handle missing data, and being corrected for small sample sizes.
Alpha emerged in content analysis where textual units are categorized by trained coders and is used in counseling and survey research where experts code open-ended interview data into analyzable terms, in psychometrics where individual attributes are tested by multiple methods, in observational studies where unstructured happenings are recorded for subsequent analysis, and in computational linguistics where texts are annotated for various syntactic and semantic qualities.
Disagreement
For any task in which multiple raters are useful, raters are expected to disagree about the observed target. By contrast, situations involving unambiguous measurement, such as simple counting tasks (e.g. number of potential customers entering a store), often do not require more than one person performing the measurement.
Measurement involving ambiguity in characteristics of interest in the rating target are generally improved with multiple trained raters. Such measurement tasks often involve subjective judgment of quality. Examples include ratings of physician 'bedside manner', evaluation of witness credibility by a jury, and presentation skill of a speaker.
Variation across raters in the measurement procedures and variability in interpretation of measurement results are two examples of sources of error variance in rating measurements. Clearly stated guidelines for rendering ratings are necessary for reliability in ambiguous or challenging measurement scenarios.
Without scoring guidelines, ratings are increasingly affected by experimenter's bias, that is, a tendency of rating values to drift towards what is expected by the rater. During processes involving repeated measurements, correction of rater drift can be addressed through periodic retraining to ensure that raters understand guidelines and measurement goals.
See also
Cronbach's alpha
Rating (pharmaceutical industry)
References
Further reading
Gwet, Kilem L. (2014) Handbook of Inter-Rater Reliability, Fourth Edition, (Gaithersburg : Advanced Analytics, LLC)
Gwet, K. L. (2008). "Computing inter-rater reliability and its variance in the presence of high agreement." British Journal of Mathematical and Statistical Psychology, 61, 29–48
Johnson, R., Penny, J., & Gordon, B. (2009). Assessing performance: Developing, scoring, and validating performance tasks. New York: Guilford Publications.
Shoukri, M. M. (2010) Measures of Interobserver Agreement and Reliability (2nd edition). Boca Raton, FL: Chapman & Hall/CRC Press,
External links
AgreeStat 360: cloud-based inter-rater reliability analysis, Cohen's kappa, Gwet's AC1/AC2, Krippendorff's alpha, Brennan-Prediger, Fleiss generalized kappa, intraclass correlation coefficients
Statistical Methods for Rater Agreement by John Uebersax
Inter-rater Reliability Calculator by Medical Education Online
Online (Multirater) Kappa Calculator
Online calculator for Inter-Rater Agreement
Comparison of assessments
Statistical data types
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1673.
Events
February 10 – The première of Molière's comédie-ballet The Imaginary Invalid (also translated as The Hypochondriac) takes place in Paris. During the fourth performance, on February 17, the playwright, playing the title rôle, collapses on stage, dying soon after.
Thomas Killigrew is appointed Master of the Revels in England, on the death of his predecessor, Sir Henry Herbert.
In response to events of the Third Anglo-Dutch War, John Dryden's topical play Amboyna, about happenings in the East Indies, is reportedly "contrived and written in a month" – certainly one of the fastest acts of solo dramatic composition known. The play is premièred on stage in May.
Elkanah Settle's tragedy The Empress of Morocco, premièred on July 3 at the Dorset Gardens Theatre in London by the Duke's Company, is published in quarto; in addition to its frontispiece illustration, the quarto contains five woodcuts depicting scenes in the play – the first English play text illustrated in this way. Settle's play also inspires a farce with the same title, probably by Thomas Duffet, performed by the King's Company and published the following year.
Archpriest Petrovich Avvakum writes his Zhitie (Life), as the first Russian autobiography.
Antonio Magliabechi is appointed librarian to Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany.
New books
Prose
Bathsua Makin – An Essay to Revive the Ancient Education of Gentlewomen
England's appeal from the Private Cabal at Whitehall to the Great Council of the Nation by a true Lover of his Country – pamphlet attributed to Sir William Coventry
Francis Kirkman – The Unlucky Citizen
John Ray – Observations topographical, moral, and physiological, made on a Journey through part of the Low Countries, Germany, Italy, and France
Johannes Schefferus – Lapponia
Shugi Washo
Sir William Temple, 1st Baronet – Observations upon the United Provinces of the Netherlands
Thomas Traherne – Roman Forgeries
Drama
Joseph Arrowsmith – The Reformation
Aphra Behn – The Dutch Lover
Pedro Calderon de la Barca – La vida es sueño (sacramental play)
Sir William Davenant – News from Plymouth, The Law Against Lovers, The Fair Favourite, and The Siege published posthumously
John Dryden
Amboyna, or the Cruelties of the Dutch to the English Merchants
Marriage à la Mode
Thomas Duffet – The Spanish Rogue
Molière – Le malade imaginaire
Henry Nevil Payne – The Fatal Jealousy
Edward Ravenscroft – The Careless Lovers
Elkanah Settle – The Empress of Morocco
Poetry
Poems of Mr. John Milton (2nd edition)
Bernarda Ferreira de la Cerda – España libertada (second part)
Births
January 1 – Johannes Kelpius, German Pietist writer (died 1708)
October 26 – Dimitrie Cantemir, Moldavian prince and man of letters (died 1723)
Unknown dates
Antoine Banier, French historian and translator (died 1741)
George Lockhart, Scottish politician and writer (died 1731)
John Oldmixon, English historian (died 1742)
Deaths
February 17 – Molière (Jean-Baptiste Poquelin), French playwright (born 1622)
March – Joseph Caryl, English Biblical commentator and preacher (born 1602)
March 15 – Salvator Rosa, Italian painter and poet (born 1615)
May 4 – Richard Brathwait, English poet (born 1588)
November 16 – Katarina Zrinska, Croatian poet (born c. 1625)
December 15 – Margaret Cavendish, English writer and scientist (born 1623)
Unknown date – Ingen (Yinyuan Longqi), Chinese-born Buddhist poet (born 1592)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Ralph Wilton Peterson (21 February 1921 – 2 November 1996) was an Australian writer (dramatist and playwright), actor and producer of film, theatre, radio and TV. He went to London and achieved fame with the success of his play The Square Ring, which was turned into a film of the same name in 1953. He was married to Australian actress Betty Lucas in 1946 and their son, Joel Patterson (1957–2017), became a cinematographer.
Biography
Peterson was born in Adelaide and became involved in theatre and journalism in his teens. He got work on radio playing one of the students on the show Yes, What? (1937–41) which became very popular. Peterson started writing episodes. When the show ended Peterson moved to Sydney and worked as an announcer on 2UE before joining the army. He served as an artillery officer and in the First Australian Broadcasting Control Unit. He appeared in plays at the Metropolitan Theatre and the Independent Theatre, including the original production of Rusty Bugles.
After the war, Peterson began writing regularly for Sydney radio including comedy material for Roy Rene, Jack Davey and Dick Bentley. He wrote a comedy serial for him and his wife Betty Lucas, Ralph and Betty (1947). A radio feature about an aboriginal child, The Problem of Jonny Flourcake (1950) was heard by Anthony Quayle who recommended Peterson to the BBC. Peterson moved to London in 1951, writing scripts for Benny Hill and Tony Hancock. His stage play The Square Ring (1952), based on a radio serial Come Out Fighting, was a big success.
Peterson returned to Australia in 1954, the year his second play, The Night of the Ding Dong, premiered. He continued to work in radio and wrote for film and TV.
He had a success with My Name's McGooley, What's Yours? (1966–68).
Selected writing credits
Yes, What? (1937–41) – comedy radio series
Come Out Fighting (1949) – radio serial
The Problem of Jonny Flourcake (1950) – radio feature
The Square Ring (1952) – play, later turned into a 1953 film, 1954 novel and 1959 TV movie and 1960 TV play
Greater the Truth (1956) – novel
Three in One (1957) – film – segment "The City"
Whiplash (1961) – TV series
The Mating of Ulich Dooley (1965) – play
My Name's McGooley, What's Yours? (1966–68) – TV series – also producer
Rita and Wally (1968) – TV series – also producer
The Rovers (1969–70) – TV series
Snake Gully with Dad and Dave (1972) – TV series – also producer
Spyforce (1972) – TV series
The Third Secretary (1972) – playThe Big Boat'' – play
References
External links
Ralph Peterson at National Film and Sound Archive
Australian male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Australian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Australian novelists
Australian television writers
Australian screenwriters
1921 births
1996 deaths
Australian male novelists
Australian male television writers
20th-century Australian screenwriters
Antonio Dell'Oglio (born 19 June 1963) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
References
1963 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
F.C. Pavia players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
ACF Fiorentina players
A.C. Monza players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
S.S. Turris Calcio players
Taranto F.C. 1927 players
A.S.D. Martina Calcio 1947 players
A.S. Melfi players
Paracobitis phongthoensis is a species of stone loach found in Vietnam.
References
phongthoensis
Fish of Asia
Fish of Vietnam
Taxa named by Nguyễn Văn Hảo
Fish described in 2005
Eldean Borg (April 21, 1938 – March 22, 2020) was an American journalist. He was the host of Iowa Press on Iowa PBS from 1971 to 2017, and "one of the most respected journalists in Iowa."
Borg, was a native of Forest City, Winnebago County, Iowa. He graduated in 1959, from Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa, where he was named Outstanding Broadcast Journalist. As a student, he worked at WOI radio, which is now part of Iowa Public Radio (IPR). He later also attended the University of Iowa, in Iowa City, where he earned his Masters of Public Administration.
After college, he served as a public information officer in the United States Air Force, where he flew on missions into the Panama Canal Zone just prior to the Bay of Pigs Invasion. Borg left active duty in the early 1960s but continued to serve as an Air Force Public Affairs Reservist until his military retirement in 1995.
After serving in the military, Borg began his journalism career, working at WMT in Cedar Rapids, where he ultimately oversaw a workforce of thirty-four sports, weather and farm journalists, who broadcast news on television and radio. He also continued to report, including as a war correspondent in South Vietnam and Southeast Asia and from Paris for the Paris Peace Talks.
Borg left WMT in 1971 to lead public information for the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics. He also continued his broadcast career in 1972, becoming host of Iowa Press, a weekly public affairs program, on Iowa Public Television, and eventually became the longest-serving host and moderator in Iowa PBS history; he retired in 2017.
Awards and recognition
Borg was the recipient of a number of awards during his career. A selection of his awards are listed below.
2017 Inducted into the Gold Circle Honor Society, National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, Upper Midwest Region awards.
2016 Winner of the James W. Schwartz Award for outstanding achievement in journalism, Iowa State University, Greenlee School of Journalism and Communication.
2012 Winner Mitchell V. Charnley Award, Midwest Broadcast Journalists Association.
2008 Winner of the Jack Shelley Award, Iowa Broadcast News Association.
1991 Distinguished Alumni Citation, Iowa State University.
1959 Winner Outstanding Broadcast Journalist, Iowa State University.
References
External links
1938 births
2020 deaths
People from Forest City, Iowa
Iowa State University alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Journalists from Iowa
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
John Moore Jeffcott QC (1817 – 17 May 1892) was a Manx advocate who became High Bailiff of Castletown and a Member of the House of Keys for the constituency of Castletown.
Biography
Early life
Descended from both an old Irish family of high connections and an old and respected Manx family, John Moore Jeffcott was born in Castletown, Isle of Man in 1817. His father had been a surgeon in the Royal Navy, who following his discharge settled in the south of the Island. Jeffcott's mother was a daughter of the Reverend John Moore, Vicar of Braddan, and a niece of a Manx Deemster. He received his education at Castletown Grammar School and King William's College, being one of the first pupils at that school.
Career
On completion of his schooling Jeffcott studied law at the Rolls Office, under John McHutcheon, and was called to the Manx Bar on May 9, 1839.
For a considerable number of years Jeffcott possessed the largest legal practice in the south of the Isle of Man, and he earned a reputation as a sound and trustworthy lawyer.
Following the resignation from the chief magistracy of James Gell in 1865, Jeffcott was appointed High Bailiff of Castletown by the Isle of Man's Lieutenant Governor, Henry Loch.
It was said of him that as High Bailiff his conduct upon the Bench was distinguished by the utmost impartiality. As chief magistrate of Castletown he kept a watchful eye over its interests and was always said to be ready to take the lead in any advancement of the town.
Due to his various connections, Jeffcott became the Member of the House of Keys for Castletown in 1855. At this time the House of Keys met in the ancient capital of the Isle of Man, Castletown, and was a self elected body. Under the Governorship of Governor Loch, this self elected body was reformed in 1866, which resulted in the first House of Keys Election Act of 1867. Under the new system Jeffcott was returned as Member for Castletown, as he was again at the 1874 and 1881 elections (these last two occasions unopposed).
As a member of the Manx Legislature Jeffcott's temperament and training gave a conservative colour to his opinions and it was said of him that his opinions on local issues were always based on sound experience.
Although he was not the direct driving force, Jeffcott had a substantial influence in the moulding of legislation at a critical period in the history of the Isle of Man, notably in the reform movement which led to the settlement of 1866. Another instance of Jeffcott's service concerned the construction of major works at Douglas Harbour. During the mid 1860s the development of the Port of Douglas was an issue which was said to agitate the entire Island. As a member of the Harbour Board Jeffcott was directly involved with the works proposed by John Coode.
Jeffcott retired from politics in 1882.
Personal life
John Jeffcott married Lucy Mylrea of Orrisdale in the parish Michael. The marriage produced seven children, five daughters and two sons.
His elder son, also named John Jeffcott, became an engineer in Vancouver, British Columbia, in the service of the Pacific Steam Navigation Company. His other son, William Lowther Jeffcott, predeceased him in 1877.
Throughout his life Jeffcott had an intense fondness of nature and botany. He was a keen artist, often taking his sketch book with him on his numerous nature walks. In addition he had a strong passion for antiquarian research, being regarded as a competent geologist and archaeologist. In 1878 he became Chairman of the Archaeological Association and in that capacity he became heavily involved in a report concerning the archaeology of the Isle of Man. In addition he also wrote a guide to the mysteries of Castle Rushen.
Another work of eminence was his delineation of the character and description of the unique Meayll Stone Circle on Mull Hill and in addition he was highly knowledgeable regarding other historic sites particularly those on Cronk ny Arrey Laa. He was also said to be a keen angler and hunter.
In July 1850 Jeffcott purchased land on the western side of Castletown and on which he constructed his family home, Crofton. It would appear Jeffcott fell on hard times, for in October 1885 he and his wife entered into a deed which assigned and conveyed their real estate to trustees, to be sold to satisfy charges upon it. In respect of Crofton, Jeffcott and his wife entered into another deed of bond and security on a mortgage for £200. The deed contained a provision that if other properties within the deed realised sufficient funds to satisfy the amount outstanding, then Crofton would not be put up for sale and would be retained by the Jeffcotts. Unfortunately this was not the case and on February 5, 1886, the property was sold at auction. Today Crofton is a listed building.
Death
During the latter part of 1891 Jeffcott began to suffer from declining health. His health continued to worsen into 1892 and he died at his home on May 17.
Funeral
John Moore Jeffcott's funeral took place at St Mary's Church, Castletown on May 20, 1892. Numerous dignitaries including various Members of the House of Keys and members of the judiciary were in attendance. The funeral service was conducted by the Reverend H.S. Gill. Following the service the body was interred in the churchyard of Kirk Arbory.
References
1817 births
1892 deaths
Manx judges
Francesco "Ciccio" Cappuccio ( – 5 December 1892), also known as ("The Young Man"), was a legendary guappo and the capintesta (head-in-chief) of the Camorra, a Mafia-type organisation in Naples in Italy, in the last half of the 19th century. He is credited with modernizing the Bella Società Riformata (Beautiful Reformed Society) as the Camorra was known at the time.
Camorra background
Ciccio Cappuccio was raised in a known criminal family in the infamous Imbrecciata street in the Vicaria neighbourhood in Naples, a zone full of violence, prostitution and camorristi. The family ruled the area since 1756 when Leopoldo Cappuccio, known as 'O Mastriano, imposed his authority. In 1781, a Royal decree ordered all brothels in Naples to be moved to the Imbrecciata, which became the only zone where prostitution was tolerated.
The only authority that ruled the area was the Camorra, which maintained order by force as a kind of unappointed justice of the peace while demanding kickbacks. In 1853, Ciccio Cappuccio took over the reins of his father Antonio Totonno Cappuccio, who ran a tavern in the area.
In 1855, the municipality surrounded the Imbrecciata prostitution area with a high wall to close of the neighbourhood. When the forces of Giuseppe Garibaldi advanced towards Naples in June 1860 in an effort to unify Italy, political unrest increased in the city. Cappuccio formed a demonstration with hundreds of prostitutes and camorristi in redshirts – the symbol of Garibaldi – and tore down the wall. The next day, authorities ordered the rebuilding of the wall. In the night of 27–28 August 1860, when Garibaldi was closing in on Naples, Cappuccio led another assault on the wall and destroyed it again.
Meanwhile, Garibaldi's troops were preparing to enter the city, and a major battle seemed inevitable. Desperate to avoid large scale bloodshed, the police chief, Liborio Romano, turned to the head of the Camorra, Salvatore De Crescenzo, to maintain order and appointed him as head of the municipal guard. Cappuccio also entered the Camorra-dominated guard. As such, he understood the changing political climate and did not oppose the rebuilding of the wall, threatening anyone who dared to oppose his decision.
Head-in-chief of the Camorra
In 1869, he was elected as the capintesta (head-in-chief) of the Camorra by the twelve district heads (capintriti), succeeding Salvatore De Crescenzo after a short interregnum. Both Cappuccio and De Crescenzo were arrested on 6 October 1869, with some 80 other camorristi. He was released after a month, and rumour has it that the arrest was merely a plot so that Cappuccio could thank the Camorra inmates for his election and hear their demands.
After his release from prison, Cappuccio left the Imbrecciata and moved to the elegant Via Nardones. Close to his house he opened a vrennaiuolo shop selling bran and carob at the piazza San Ferdinando. The sale of those commodities allowed him, like many other camorristi, to control the ranks of the crews of coachmen, on which he imposed the purchase of fodder for their horses. He also facilitated money lending at usury rates. The shop was also a way to get involved in the lucrative business of the sale of horses released by the military.
Reforming the Camorra
Cappuccio modernized the Bella Società Riformata (Beautiful Reformed Society) as the Camorra was known at the time. He established the rule that a Camorrista had to have a regular job as a cover. Much criticized at the time, given that members were almost all vagrants, this innovation later proved useful when special laws against the associations of criminals was issued and the criminals could prove to have honest and stable work. Together with his two lieutenants, Ettore Longo and Gaetano Buongiorno, the new capintesta also compiled a new code for the Beautiful Reformed Society. The most interesting article, the one that revolutionized the ancient customs of the association, was marked with the number 151, and aimed to reduce the number of dichiaramenti (duels) that continuously took place in the streets of Naples between Camoristi, killing each other and endangering the lives of passers-by.
All these innovations generated discontent on the board of the capintriti. In April 1874 he staged a kind of coup d'etat in the Beautiful Reformed Society, deposing many district bosses and replacing them with others he could trust. His adversaries tried to have him killed. On 23 April 1874 a masked hit-man entered Cappuccio's shop on Piazza San Ferdinando and shot at him four times; one bullet grating his face. Rumour soon spread that the capintesta was dead. The news even reached the newspapers, causing uproar. The next day, his face bandaged, Cappuccio mounted a carriage and crossed half of Naples showing he was still alive. To celebrate the narrow escape, he went on a pilgrimage to Montevergine and reaffirmed his leadership.
The episode established his reputation of being invulnerable and to a certain extent this was true because since the failed assassination attempt he wore a special steel mesh manufactured specially for him by a gunsmith. From that moment he became a sort of absolute monarch of the Beautiful Reformed Society, abolishing the annual meetings of the district heads to elect the head-in-chief. His reputation was such that some camorristi preferred to commit suicide rather than be called before the Gran Mamma, the supreme tribunal of the Camorra.
Death, myth and legend
Just 50-years old, he died on 5 December 1892 from a heart attack while he was having dinner. The king of Naples ('‘o rre 'e Napole) was dead, according to an obituary in the Neapolitan daily newspaper Il Mattino. Three days after his death, Ferdinando Russo, a popular poet of the period, published a poem "Canzone 'e Ciccio Cappuccio" in Il Mattino, immortalising the legendary Camorra chief. He was succeeded by Enrico Alfano. Other sources mention that after the death of Cappuccio, Giuseppe Chirico, 'o Granatiere (The Grenadier), from the Porta San Gennaro neighbourhood was elected. He was defeated in a zumpata – a kind of ritual initiation knife duel – by Totonno 'o pappagallo (The Parrot) – so-named for his beak parrot nose – who took over the reign before being defeated by Alfano.
Over the years more and more legends grew around his personality distorting the facts by fiction. Acts of other gangsters were attributed to him, including that of having quelled a revolt caused by a massacre of Italians at Aigues-Mortes, which, in fact, happened eight months after the death of Cappuccio.
The most retold legend is the one when he entered the prison of San Francisco for the first time. He had a stutter and he could not stand the orders of the master of the wool mill where he worked. One day, with unexpected violence, he took his knife and slashed across the face of his employer. Ciccio was arrested and sentenced to seven years in jail. When he entered the prison cell, he was approached with the usual request for lamp oil; the customary kickback new inmates had to pay. Cappuccio refused and was attacked by twenty inmates. Only one emerged unscathed from the battle: Ciccio Cappuccio. Twelve ended up with battered heads and seven with broken arms. The story was recounted in Russo's poem, but is largely a myth.
References
Notes
Sources
Behan, Tom (1996). The Camorra, London: Routledge,
Consiglio, Alberto (2005). La camorra a Napoli, Naples: Guida Editori,
Dickie, John (2014). Blood Brotherhoods: Italy and the Rise of Three Mafias, New York: PublicAffairs,
Di Fiore, Gigi (1993). Potere camorrista: quattro secoli di malanapoli, Naples: Guida Editori,
Paliotti, Vittorio (2006). Storia della Camorra, Rome: Newton Compton editore,
1840s births
1892 deaths
Criminals from Naples
Camorristi
The Katanga masked weaver (Ploceus katangae) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in south-eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and northern Zambia.
References
External links
Katanga masked weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Katanga masked weaver
Birds of Central Africa
Katanga masked weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Edgeworth Football Club is an Australian semi-professional football club based in the suburb of Edgeworth, near Newcastle, New South Wales. The club currently competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW.
History
The suburb of Edgeworth was known as Young Wallsend until 1960. The first recorded football match involving a Young Wallsend team took place on 14 May 1892, when Minmi Rangers defeated Young Wallsend 3–0 at the Young Wallsend ground.
For most of the 20th century a lower-league club, Edgeworth won promotion into the Northern New South Wales 1st Division in 1973. Edgeworth made the 1st Division grand final in 1977, only to be defeated 1-0 by Weston. This loss was avenged in 1978, when Edgeworth emerged as unbeaten minor premiers and defeated Weston 2–0 in the grand final.
Edgeworth's most successful period was 2015-2020 where they were Premiers 5 times (2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2020) and Champions four times (2015, 2016, 2019, and 2020). Prior to this their most successful run was when they finished first on the Northern New South Wales State League ladder from 1998 to 2000.
On 21 June 2015, Edgeworth qualified for the 2015 FFA Cup round of 32 after defeating Adamstown Rosebud 3–0 in the final qualifying round.
A goal in injury time to Melbourne City eliminated Edgeworth 2–1 in the round of 32.
Edgeworth were premiers of the 2015 National Premier League Northern NSW winning the league by three points. They were also champions after winning the grand final 2–0 over Hamilton Olympic.
Winning the premiership qualified Edgeworth for the 2015 National Premier League Finals. Edgeworth was drawn away to Moreton Bay United in the quarter-final, however, lost the game 3–1.
Current squad
References
External links
Official website
National Premier Leagues clubs
Soccer clubs in New South Wales
Sports teams in Newcastle, New South Wales
Richtersveldia insperata is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Richtersveldia.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
The crimson-hooded manakin (Pipra aureola) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae. It is found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swampland and heavily degraded former forest. It is the northernmost member of the genus Pipra. It forms a superspecies with both the Band-tailed Manakin (Pipra fasciicauda) and the Wire-tailed Manakin (Pipra filicauda).
References
Snow, David W. (1963) "The display of the Orange-headed Manakin." Condor 65(1)
crimson-hooded manakin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
crimson-hooded manakin
crimson-hooded manakin
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1960 Atlanta 500 was a NASCAR Grand National Series event that was held on October 30, 1960, at Atlanta International Raceway in Hampton, Georgia.
Background
Atlanta International Raceway (now Atlanta Motor Speedway) is one of ten current intermediate tracks to hold NASCAR races; the others are Charlotte Motor Speedway, Chicagoland Speedway, Darlington Raceway, Homestead Miami Speedway, Kansas Speedway, Kentucky Speedway, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway, and Texas Motor Speedway. However, at the time, only Charlotte and Darlington were built.
The layout at Atlanta International Speedway at the time was a four-turn traditional oval track that is long. The track's turns are banked at twenty-four degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, and the backstretch are banked at five.
Race report
The transition to purpose-built racecars began in the early 1960s and occurred gradually over that decade. Changes made to the sport by the late 1960s brought an end to the "strictly stock" vehicles of the 1950s.
Thirty thousand spectators would attend this live spectacle where Bobby Johns (in his 1960 Pontiac Catalina) would defeat Johnny Allen (in his 1960 Chevrolet Bel Air) by a distance of one lap. The late-season combination of Speedy Thompson and the Wood Brothers racing organization paid off as they managed to win their first two races. Thompson tried to win his third race in a row, but came up short as he finished in fourth-place; with Bobby Johns out-lapping him four times over.
Johns would acquire his only victory on a superspeedway in this race. This would also serve as his only victory in the 1960 NASCAR Grand National Series season. In the 1960 NASCAR Grand National Series points standings, Rex White would beat Richard Petty by a whopping 3,936 points. It would completely shatter the record set by Lee Petty in 1959, but still wouldn't come close to the all-time record.
The race itself took four hours and thirty-six minutes to fully resolve 334 laps; with speeds averaging . Fireball Roberts would qualify for the pole position with a speed of . The other top ten finishers were: Jim Paschal, Speedy Thompson, Rex White (officially declared the Grand National Champion that year), Lee Petty, Richard Petty, Joe Weatherly, Bob Welborn and Fred Lorenzen.
Bill Gazaway would receive the last-place finish for his collision involving the rear end of his 1960 Oldsmobile vehicle on the first lap of the race; giving him the shortest NASCAR Grand National Series career alongside Paul Norris and Rich Vogler. LeeRoy Yarbrough would make his first NASCAR career start here; finishing in 33rd due to a crash on lap 60. Eight notable crew chiefs participated in the event; including Bud Moore, Ray Fox, Leonard Wood and Cotton Owens.
The record for the shortest NASCAR career would be broken in 1990 by Rich Vogler. He qualified for a 1990 race at Pocono, but he died the night before the race. He was given a 40th-place finish and a "Did Not Start", which means he completed zero laps. The fewest lead changes were committed here; this record would be officially tied with the 1961 Dixie 400 the following year.
Qualifying
Timeline
Section reference:
Start of race: Fireball Roberts officially held the pole position as the green flag was waved.
Lap 1: Bill Gazaway would lose the rear end of his vehicle; Paul Norris fell out with engine failure.
Lap 5: Ned Jarrett's engine stopped working properly.
Lap 16: Friday Hassler's engine stopped working properly.
Lap 23: Wilbur Rakestraw's engine stopped working properly.
Lap 24: Elmo Langley's engine stopped working properly.
Lap 39: Bob Eichor had a terminal crash.
Lap 44: Jack Smith took over the lead from Fireball Roberts.
Lap 46: Marvin Panch's brakes stopped working properly.
Lap 51: Banjo Matthews had a terminal crash.
Lap 52: Tiny Lund's engine stopped working properly.
Lap 58: Jimmy Pardue's engine stopped working properly; Tiny Lund's engine would suffer a similar fate.
Lap 60: LeeRoy Yarbrough had a terminal crash.
Lap 63: Tommy Irwin took over the lead from Jack Smith.
Lap 65: Joe Weatherly took over the lead from Tommy Irwin.
Lap 73: The frame came right off of T.C. Hunt's vehicle.
Lap 74: A problematic axle took Charlie Glotzbach out of the race.
Lap 83: Johnny Beauchamp took over the lead from Joe Weatherly.
Lap 85: Johnny Beauchamp had a terminal crash.
Lap 86: Joe Weatherly took over the lead from Johnny Beauchamp.
Lap 108: Roscoe Thompson took over the lead from Joe Weatherly.
Lap 110: Bobby Johns took over the lead from Roscoe Thompson.
Lap 132: The frame came right off of Charley Griffith's vehicle.
Lap 144: Roscoe Thompson had a terminal crash.
Lap 154: Jack Smith's engine stopped working properly.
Lap 212: David Pearson had a terminal crash; a problematic axle took Junior Johnson out of the race.
Lap 224: Tom Pistone's gas tank stopped working properly.
Lap 255: Doug Yates' fuel pump stopped working properly.
Finish: Bobby Johns was officially credited with the victory.
References
Atlanta 500
Atlanta 500
NASCAR races at Atlanta Motor Speedway
Joey Sturgis (born January 3, 1985) is an American record producer and owner of The Foundation Recording Studio in Connersville, Indiana. Sturgis started recording in 2004 including producing the Asking Alexandria single "The Final Episode" which has gone on to earn an RIAA certified Gold Record.
Sturgis is also the founder and president of Joey Sturgis Tones, which is his own line of audio recording plugins.
Production discography
Studio albums
2000s
2010s
EPs
Compilations
Remix
References
External links
Allmusic Production Credits
Artist Direct Production Credits
Foundation Foundation Recording Studio
1985 births
Living people
Record producers from Indiana
People from Connersville, Indiana
Zinc finger protein 330 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ZNF330 gene.
References
Further reading
External links
Transcription factors
The 1989 Wightman Cup was the 61st and as it turned out, the final edition of the annual women's international tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia in the United States and played on indoor hard courts. The Wightman Cup was discontinued after this edition.
Notable stories
Youngest player ever to play in Wightman Cup
In this edition of the Cup 13-year-old Jennifer Capriati played the second match against Clare Wood, notching a 6–0, 6–0 victory over the Briton. She became the youngest player to play in the Wightman Cup's history, beating the previous record by two years.
References
1989
1989 in English tennis
1989 in women's tennis
1989 in American tennis
1989 in British sport
1989 in sports in Virginia
Micro is a techno-thriller novel by Michael Crichton, the seventeenth under his own name and second to be published after his death, published in 2011. Upon his death in 2008, an untitled, unfinished manuscript was found on his computer, which would become Micro. Publisher HarperCollins chose science writer Richard Preston to complete the novel from Crichton's remaining notes and research, and it was finally published in 2011. Micro followed the historical thriller Pirate Latitudes, which was also found on his computer and published posthumously in 2009.
Plot
The narrative begins with a private investigator named Marcos Rodriguez pulling up to a metal building located on the island of Oahu. The building is the main headquarters of Nanigen Micro-Technologies, a research company that specializes in discovering new types of medicine. Disguised as a security guard, Rodriguez enters the unattended building and begins searching the grounds for an unknown object. As he makes his way through the halls of the building, however, he begins to notice mysterious, ultra-fine cuts appearing on his body. Spooked, Rodriguez flees the building.
Shortly after leaving the Nanigen headquarters, Rodriguez makes his way to the office of his employer, Willy Fong. When he arrives, he notices another man, of Chinese descent, waiting in the office. Fong begins to question Rodriguez about his cuts, but before Rodriguez can explain, the Chinese man's throat is slit by an unseen force. Fong and Rodriguez barely have time to react before they are also killed. Their deaths are reported as a triple-suicide, and Lieutenant Dan Watanabe of the Honolulu Police Department is assigned to investigate the case.
In Cambridge, Massachusetts, Harvard graduate student Peter Jansen is collecting venom from a cobra for further experimentation. He is joined in the biology lab by six other graduate students: Rick Hutter, an ethnobotanist; Karen King, an arachnologist; Erika Moll, an entomologist and coleopterist; Amar Singh, a botanist; Jenny Linn, a biochemist studying pheromones; and Danny Minot, a doctoral student studying the linguistics of science. They are visited by the CEO of Nanigen, Vincent "Vin" Drake, along with his CFO, Alyson Bender, and Peter's brother Eric, who is a vice president at Nanigen. The seven students are recruited by Drake to work with him at a laboratory in Hawaii. Although they are at first reluctant, they all decide to take Drake's offer and fly out to Oahu.
The following morning, Peter receives vague text messages from Eric urging him not to come to Hawaii. Peter tries calling Eric, but gets no response. Shortly afterwards he is called by Bender, who informs Peter that Eric has been in a boating accident and is likely dead. Peter flies to Oahu and meets with Watanabe, who shows him a video of Eric scrambling around the deck of his boat before jumping overboard. Peter notices Bender in the video, observing the scene unfold without a hint of concern on her face.
With assistance from one of Hutter's friends, Peter hacks Nanigen's phone records and finds a cryptic exchange between Bender and Drake, which confirm his suspicions about Eric's death. He saves the conversation onto a drive and plans to play it out loud during the students' scheduled tour of Nanigen in order to expose Drake. When the tour commences, Peter sneaks away from the group to find a place to insert the drive, stealing a wireless microphone while doing so and hiding it in his shirt. However, Drake catches Peter and takes him into another room where he beats him. Drake confesses that he did set up Eric to be killed on the boat. He then realizes that Peter had a microphone hidden in his pocket and that the other graduate students heard everything.
Drake activates an emergency alarm and drags Peter into the room where the rest of the graduate students are waiting. He orders them to follow him, with Bender in tow. He leads them to the tensor generator, a machine that uses extreme magnetic fields to shrink anything, even living organisms. Drake rushes the seven students inside, along with the generator's operator, Jarel Kinsky (the only other person in the room) and shrinks them all down to half an inch in height. As the disoriented subjects adjust to their new micro-surroundings, Drake places them into a plastic bag and takes them into another room, where a snake is being held. He drops Peter inside the snake's tank and leaves.
Before the snake can eat Peter, the other students save him by using wasp pheromone to cover Peter's scent and spider thread to pull him out. Bender, knowing that Drake will not stop until the students are dead, hides them and Kinsky inside a paper bag. When Drake returns, she insists that they escaped and are hiding in the room. As Drake orders the room to be gassed, Bender leaves with the bag and drives to Nanigen's arboretum. However, Drake realizes that Bender has misled him and follows her there, where he confronts her about the bag. Bender admits that she hid the students, and Drake feigns understanding of her concerns before sending her into the forest to kill them. As she walks into the trees, however, King uses her knife to cut open the bag, causing everyone in the bag to fall out. Realizing Bender betrayed him after she admits helping the shrunken students escape, Drake kills her.
Kinsky tells the students about supply stations, shrunken bases where shrunken Nanigen staff can observe safely. However, Kinsky is killed after getting too close to an ant colony by ant "guards". The remaining seven get to the first supply base, but their base and all the others are being removed on Drake's orders by Don Makele, the Nanigen security chief, who spots them and reports it to Drake.
Soon after, Jenny drowns when Danny, who at first tries to help her, instead releases her hand in a panic and watches her slip under, having been afraid that she would have pulled him in with her causing him to drown as well.
Only Jenny sees his treachery before she dies.
Meanwhile, Drake shrinks two Nanigen security members, and tasks them to find and kill the students in the forest, if they have not died already, claiming that the students were attempting industrial espionage. The students, though, adjust well to the micro-world, and utilize their scientific expertise to survive and outwit dangerous insects. When the assassins track them down, they manage to kill Amar and Peter before the students kill them in self-defense. They steal the assassins' shrunken vehicle, and head for the last Nanigen base they know about from which they might fly back to the Tensor generator. Unknown to Drake, or anyone else, Eric, Peter's brother, is still alive and is searching for the graduate students.
After Erika is killed by birds, the three remaining students reach the Tantalus Nanigen base, but find no miniature airplanes. They encounter a fugitive Ben Rourke, the inventor of the Tensor generator, and also hunted by Drake, who has managed to adapt and survive in the micro-world. He gives them urgent medical attention and offers them three miniature planes that he has repaired. He explains that he has learned to survive the "microbends", a fatal sickness that afflicts shrunken humans. Danny, panicking due to larvae laid in his arm by a wasp, betrays the group by contacting Drake and offering him Rourke's "microbends" remedy in return for his hospitalization and safety. He steals a micro-plane to meet Drake but is killed when his plane is attacked by bats. The next morning, the students, now only Rick and Karen, escape from Rourke's base in the remaining planes as Drake torches the Tantalus base, apparently killing Rourke. They find Eric, who leads them back to Nanigen's headquarters.
Meanwhile, Makele confesses to the local police force that he is complicit in Nanigen's and Drake's crimes, and a police force is sent to Nanigen to arrest Drake. Eric and the students arrive at Nanigen first and encounter Drake, who activates micro-bots to attack Eric and a fight ensues. The two students finally re-enter the Tensor generator and return to full size. A micro-bot that attempted to attack them is enlarged as well, to the size "of a refrigerator". In the fighting, Drake is trapped in the Tensor generator room and is attacked by his own micro-bots, as well as the enlarged micro-bot, while the full-size Karen and Rick rescue an injured Eric. After Drake is killed, the enlarged micro-bot destroys the room and Tensor generator, though a business partner of Drake's, Edward Catel, makes off with a disc containing information on the Tensor generator, intending to sell it off. The police finally arrive.
The two surviving students fall in love. Karen plans to return to the micro-world, enraptured by the beauty and diversity of life.
Characters
The Graduate Students
Peter Jansen Expert in venoms and envenomation. Peter is Eric Jansen's younger brother.
Karen King An arachnologist. She is also very skilled at martial arts.
Rick Hutter An ethnobotanist who studies the medicines used by indigenous peoples.
Erika Moll An entomologist and coleopterist (beetle expert).
Amar Singh A botanist who studies plant hormones.
Jenny Linn A biochemist who studies pheromones.
Danny Minot A PhD candidate in science studies writing a thesis on "scientific linguistic codes and paradigm transformation."
Other characters
Vincent Drake The CEO of Nanigen and main antagonist of the book.
Alyson Bender The CFO of Nanigen and Eric Jansen's lover.
Eric Jansen: The CTO of Nanigen and Peter's older brother. He goes missing, kicking off the plot.
Writing
Michael Crichton spoke about working on Micro in three interviews before his death. He described the project as "an adventure story like Jurassic Park. I'm enjoying myself," and said the novel "would be informative in a way that would be fun, and would give... some information about how our environment really is structured."
The book includes a somewhat detailed sketch of the setting in which the story takes place, titled "The Pali". Near the base of the waterfall in the sketch, reads the small inscription "NUMQUAM OBLIVISCEMUR MICHAELIS CRICHTONIS", which translated from Latin, reads: "We shall never forget Michael Crichton".
Film adaptation
On June 26, 2015, DreamWorks announced plans for a film adaptation of Micro. Frank Marshall will produce the film, while Sherri Crichton and Laurent Bouzereau will act as executive producers. Steven Spielberg is developing the film with DreamWorks. In April 2017, Joachim Rønning was attached to direct the film, with a script by Darren Lemke.
References
2011 American novels
Novels by Michael Crichton
Novels published posthumously
HarperCollins books
Fiction about size change
Association Sportive Maniema Union is a Congolese football club based in Kindu, Maniema province and currently playing in the Linafoot, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
History
AS Maniema Union was founded in 2005 and they play at 10,000 capacity Stade Joseph Kabila Kabange.
Maniema competed in the CAF Confederation Cup in 2008, 2018 and 2019.
In February 2019, Les Verts et Noirs, appointed Guy Lusadisu as manager.
Honours
Coupe du Congo
Winners (3): 2007, 2017, 2019
Maniema Provincial League
Winners (1): 2006
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Confederation Cup: 1 appearance
2008 – First Round
2018 – First Round
2019–20 – Preliminary Round
References
External links
Club profile - Soccerway.com
Kindu
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Máximo Jerez Tellería (8 June 1818 in León, Nicaragua – 12 August 1881 in Washington, D.C., USA) was a 19th-century Nicaraguan politician, lawyer and military leader.
He is considered to be one of the greatest Liberal political thinkers in Nicaraguan history. He was a leader of the movement towards Central American unity.
Together with Francisco Castellón Sanabria, he participated in bringing William Walker's filibusters to Nicaragua and on 31 October 1855 was designated Minister of Foreign Relations in Walker's provisional government, led officially by Patricio Rivas. He ran for the presidency in 1856, but no candidate obtained an absolute majority. By Walker's decision, provisional President Rivas summoned new elections on 10 March 1856, but countermanded the decree on 14 March, and broke relations with Walker.
On 23 January 1857 Jerez formed a dual Junta government with the Conservative Tomás Martínez and they acted jointly as Presidents of Nicaragua, from 24 June 1857 to 19 October or 15 November 1857. In his subsequent career as Minister Plenipotentiary of Nicaragua to Costa Rica, he signed on 15 April 1858, the Cañas–Jerez Treaty that defined the boundaries between the two countries.
In 1876 he organized from El Salvador an expedition to overthrow the provisional government of Pedro Joaquín Chamorro Alfaro, but failed.
In the city of León there is a statue in his honor.
References
1818 births
1881 deaths
People from León, Nicaragua
Government ministers of Nicaragua
Nicaraguan diplomats
Liberal Party (Nicaragua) politicians
Lakegala mountain is situated in Sri Lanka about away from the capital Colombo. This mountain is situated in Meemure village.
Lakegala is situated near the Border between Kandy and Matale Districts. There are several access points to Lakegala rock but the safest access road is from Meemure Village. "The Rock of Lanka" is the meaning of "Lakegala" in Sinhala language. The rock is about 1310m high and it is in the Knuckles mountain range aka "Dumbara Mitiyawatha".
References
Mountains of Sri Lanka
Populated places in Kandy District
Populated places in Matale District
Landforms of Central Province, Sri Lanka
Digital Solutions is the third studio album by Juan Atkins as Model 500. It was released by Metroplex on February 18, 2015. It is his first studio album under the pseudonym in 16 years, following from Deep Space (1995) and Mind and Body (1999). It includes additional production from Mike Banks.
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 82, based on 4 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
Paul Clarke of Resident Advisor gave the album a 3.8 out of 5, writing, "Like techno's equivalent of '70s rock legends on a reunion tour, Atkins is past his prime but still perfectly capable of satisfying his fans." Albert Freeman of The Quietus wrote, "Apart from a few slow moments, the album is overall a heartfelt and thoughtful piece, well composed and sequenced from beginning to end, and it sometimes approaches his best work."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Juan Atkins – production
Mike Banks – production (2, 3, 6)
Amp Fiddler – keyboards (1)
Andy G – guitar (6)
Gregory Lacour – engineering
Arnold Steiner – design
References
External links
2015 albums
Model 500 albums
Malaysia Open is an annual Malaysian badminton tournament created in 1937 and played at the Axiata Arena in the Bukit Jalil suburb of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
History
The Malaysia Open is played in the first week of July (as of July 2019, prior to this it was first week in April and 2nd week in January) and is chronologically the first of the five BWF World Tour Super 750 tournaments of the badminton season. In between 2014 and 2017, it has been chronologically the first or second (after the England Open Badminton Championships) of the five BWF Super Series Premier tournaments. The event was not held from 1942 to 1946 because of World War II and again from 1967 to 1982.
In the Amateur Era, Wong Peng Soon (1940–1941, 1947, 1949–1953) holds the record for the most titles in the men's singles, winning Malaysia Open eight times. Wong also holds the record for most consecutive titles with five (from 1949 to 1953).
In the Open Era, since the inclusion of all global professional badminton players in 1980, Lee Chong Wei (2004–2006, 2008–2014, 2016, 2018) holds the record for the most men's singles titles with twelve. Lee Chong Wei (2008–2014) also holds the record for most consecutive victories with seven.
Lee Chong Wei is the only player in history, in both the Amateur and Open Era, to reach the Malaysia Open men's singles final fourteen times.
Finalists
Statistics
Multiple champions
Championships by country
See also
List of Malaysia Open women's singles champions
External links
Malaysia Open - Past Champions men's singles, from InternationalBadminton.org
References
Malaysia Open (badminton)
In mathematics, the equations governing the isomonodromic deformation of meromorphic linear systems of ordinary differential equations are, in a fairly precise sense, the most fundamental exact nonlinear differential equations. As a result, their solutions and properties lie at the heart of the field of exact nonlinearity and integrable systems.
Isomonodromic deformations were first studied by Richard Fuchs, with early pioneering contributions from Lazarus Fuchs, Paul Painlevé, René Garnier, and Ludwig Schlesinger. Inspired by results in statistical mechanics, a seminal contribution to the theory was made by Michio Jimbo, Tetsuji Miwa, and Kimio Ueno, who studied cases with arbitrary singularity structure.
Fuchsian systems and Schlesinger's equations
Consider the Fuchsian system of linear differential equations
where the independent variable x takes values in the complex projective line P1(C), the solution y takes values in Cn and the Ai are constant n×n matrices. Solutions to this equation have polynomial growth at x = λi.
By placing n independent column solutions into a fundamental matrix
then and
one can regard as taking values in GL(n, C). For simplicity, assume that there is no further pole at infinity which amounts to the condition that
Monodromy data
Now, fix a basepoint b on the Riemann sphere away from the poles. Analytic continuation of a fundamental solution around any pole λi and back to the basepoint will produce a new solution defined near b. The new and old solutions are linked by the monodromy matrix Mi as follows:
One therefore has the Riemann–Hilbert homomorphism from the fundamental group of the punctured sphere to the monodromy representation:
A change of basepoint merely results in a (simultaneous) conjugation of all the monodromy matrices. The monodromy matrices modulo simultaneous conjugation define the monodromy data of the Fuchsian system.
Hilbert's twenty-first problem
Now, with given monodromy data, can a Fuchsian system be found which exhibits this monodromy? This is one form of Hilbert's twenty-first problem. One does not distinguish between coordinates x and which are related by Möbius transformations, and also do not distinguish between gauge equivalent Fuchsian systems - this means that A and
are regarded as being equivalent for any holomorphic gauge transformation g(x). (It is thus most natural to regard a Fuchsian system geometrically, as a connection with simple poles on a trivial rank n vector bundle over the Riemann sphere).
For generic monodromy data, the answer to Hilbert's twenty-first problem is 'yes' - as was first proved by Josip Plemelj. However, Plemelj neglected certain degenerate cases, and it was shown in 1989 by Andrei Bolibrukh that there are cases when the answer is 'no'. Here, the generic case is focused upon entirely.
Schlesinger's equations
There are (generically) many Fuchsian systems with the same monodromy data. Thus, given any such Fuchsian system with specified monodromy data, isomonodromic deformations can be performed of it. On therefore is led to study families of Fuchsian systems, and allow the matrices Ai to depend on the positions of the poles.
In 1912 (following earlier incorrect attempts) Ludwig Schlesinger proved that in general, the deformations which preserve the monodromy data of a (generic) Fuchsian system are governed by the integrable holonomic system of partial differential equations which now bear his name:
These are therefore the isomonodromy equations for (generic) Fuchsian systems. The natural interpretation of these equations is as the flatness of a natural connection on a vector bundle over the 'deformation parameter space' which consists of the possible pole positions. For non-generic isomonodromic deformations, there will still be an integrable isomonodromy equation, but it will no longer be Schlesinger.
If one limits attention to the case when the Ai take values in the Lie algebra , the so-called Garnier systems are obtained. If one specializes further to the case when there are only four poles, then the Schlesinger/Garnier equations can be reduced to the famous sixth Painlevé equation.
Irregular singularities
Motivated by the appearance of Painlevé transcendents in correlation functions in the theory of Bose gases, Michio Jimbo, Tetsuji Miwa and Kimio Ueno extended the notion of isomonodromic deformation to the case of arbitrary pole structure. The linear system under study is now of the form
with n poles, with the pole at λi of order . They are constant matrices.
Extended monodromy data
As well as the monodromy representation described in the Fuchsian setting, deformations of irregular systems of linear ordinary differential equations are required to preserve extended monodromy data. Roughly speaking, monodromy data is now regarded as data which glues together canonical solutions near the singularities. If one takes as a local coordinate near a pole λiof order , one can then solve term-by-term for a holomorphic gauge transformation g such that locally, the system looks like
where and they are diagonal matrices. If this were valid, it would be extremely useful, because then (at least locally), one has decoupled the system into n scalar differential equations which one can easily solve to find that (locally):
However, this does not work - because the power series solved term-for-term for g will not, in general, converge.
It was the great insight of Jimbo, Miwa and Ueno to realize that nevertheless, this approach provides canonical solutions near the singularities, and can therefore be gainfully employed to define extended monodromy data. This is because of a theorem of George Birkhoff which states that given such a formal series, there is a unique convergent function Gi such that in any particular sufficiently large sector around the pole, Gi is asymptotic to gi, and
is a true solution of the differential equation. A canonical solution therefore appears in each such sector near each pole. The extended monodromy data consists of
the data from the monodromy representation as for the Fuchsian case;
Stokes' matrices which connect canonical solutions between adjacent sectors at the same pole;
connection matrices that connect canonical solutions between sectors at different poles.
General isomonodromic deformations
As before, one now considers families of systems of linear differential equations, all with the same singularity structure. One therefore allows the matrices to depend on parameters. One is allowed to vary the positions of the poles λi, but now, in addition, one also varies the entries of the diagonal matrices which appear in the canonical solution near each pole.
Jimbo, Miwa and Ueno proved that if one defines a one-form on the 'deformation parameter space' by
(where D denotes exterior differentiation with respect to the components of the only)
then deformations of the meromorphic linear system specified by A are isomonodromic if and only if
These are the general isomonodromy equations. As before, these equations can be interpreted as the flatness of a natural connection on the deformation parameter space.
Properties
The isomonodromy equations enjoy a number of properties that justify their status as nonlinear special functions.
Painlevé property
This is perhaps the most important property of a solution to the isomonodromic deformation equations. This means that all essential singularities of the solutions are fixed, although the positions of poles may move. It was proved by Bernard Malgrange for the case of Fuchsian systems, and by Tetsuji Miwa in the general setting.
Indeed, suppose that one is given a partial differential equation (or a system of them). Then, 'possessing a reduction to an isomonodromy equation' is more or less equivalent to the Painlevé property, and can therefore be used as a test for integrability.
Transcendence
In general, solutions of the isomonodromy equations cannot be expressed in terms of simpler functions such as solutions of linear differential equations. However, for particular (more precisely, reducible) choices of extended monodromy data, solutions can be expressed in terms of such functions (or at least, in terms of 'simpler' isomonodromy transcendents). The study of precisely what this transcendence means has been largely carried out by the invention of 'nonlinear differential Galois theory' by Hiroshi Umemura and Bernard Malgrange.
There are also very special solutions which are algebraic. The study of such algebraic solutions involves examining the topology of the deformation parameter space (and in particular, its mapping class group); for the case of simple poles, this amounts to the study of the action of braid groups. For the particularly important case of the sixth Painlevé equation, there has been a notable contribution by Boris Dubrovin and Marta Mazzocco, which has been recently extended to larger classes of monodromy data by Philip Boalch.
Rational solutions are often associated with special polynomials. Sometimes, as in the case of the sixth Painlevé equation, these are well-known orthogonal polynomials, but there are new classes of polynomials with an extremely interesting distribution of zeros and interlacing properties. The study of such polynomials has largely been carried out by Peter Clarkson and collaborators.
Symplectic structure
The isomonodromy equations can be rewritten using Hamiltonian formulations. This viewpoint was extensively pursued by Kazuo Okamoto in a series of papers on the Painlevé equations in the 1980s.
They can also be regarding as a natural extension of the Atiyah–Bott symplectic structure on spaces of flat connections on Riemann surfaces to the world of meromorphic geometry - a perspective pursued by Philip Boalch. Indeed, if one fixes the positions of the poles, one can even obtain complete hyperkähler manifolds; a result proved by Olivier Biquard and Philip Boalch.
There is another description in terms of moment maps to (central extensions of) loop algebras - a viewpoint introduced by John Harnad and extended to the case of general singularity structure by Nick Woodhouse. This latter perspective is intimately related to a curious Laplace transform between isomonodromy equations with different pole structure and rank for the underlying equations.
Twistor structure
The isomonodromy equations arise as (generic) full dimensional reductions of (generalized) anti-self-dual Yang–Mills equations. By the Penrose–Ward transform they can therefore be interpreted in terms of holomorphic vector bundles on complex manifolds called twistor spaces. This allows the use of powerful techniques from algebraic geometry in studying the properties of transcendents. This approach has been pursued by Nigel Hitchin, Lionel Mason and Nick Woodhouse.
Gauss-Manin connections
By considering data associated with families of Riemann surfaces branched over the singularities, one can consider the isomonodromy equations as nonhomogeneous Gauss–Manin connections. This leads to alternative descriptions of the isomonodromy equations in terms of abelian functions - an approach known to Fuchs and Painlevé, but lost until rediscovery by Yuri Manin in 1996.
Asymptotics
Particular transcendents can be characterized by their asymptotic behaviour. The study of such behaviour goes back to the early days of isomonodromy, in work by Pierre Boutroux and others.
Applications
Their universality as the simplest genuinely nonlinear integrable systems means that the isomonodromy equations have an extremely diverse range of applications. Perhaps of the greatest practical importance is the field of random matrix theory. Here, the statistical properties of eigenvalues of large random matrices are described by particular transcendents.
The initial impetus for the resurgence of interest in isomonodromy in the 1970s was the appearance of transcendents in correlation functions in Bose gases.
They provide generating functions for moduli spaces of two-dimensional topological quantum field theories and are thereby useful in the study of quantum cohomology and Gromov–Witten invariants.
'Higher-order' isomonodromy equations have recently been used to explain the mechanism and universality properties of shock formation for the dispersionless limit of the Korteweg–de Vries equation.
They are natural reductions of the Ernst equation and thereby provide solutions to the Einstein field equations of general relativity; they also give rise to other (quite distinct) solutions of the Einstein equations in terms of theta functions.
They have arisen in recent work in mirror symmetry - both in the geometric Langlands programme, and in work on the moduli spaces of stability conditions on derived categories.
Generalizations
The isomonodromy equations have been generalized for meromorphic connections on a general Riemann surface.
They can also easily be adapted to take values in any Lie group, by replacing the diagonal matrices by the maximal torus, and other similar modifications.
There is a burgeoning field studying discrete versions of isomonodromy equations.
References
Sources
Ordinary differential equations
The women's +78 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 12 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals for the competition were presented by Patrick Joseph Hickey, Ireland, member of the International Olympic Committee and the gifts were presented by Zhou Jinqiang, International Judo Federation executive committee member.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
W79
Judo at the Summer Olympics Women's Heavyweight
Women's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympics W79
Atego was a software development corporation headquartered in the United States and the United Kingdom with subsidiaries in France, Germany, and Italy. Formed from Interactive Development Environments, Inc. and Thomson Software Products, it was called Aonix from 1996 until 2010. It was acquired by PTC in 2014.
History
The company might be considered an example of the "merger mania" of the 1990s and beyond. Aonix was formed in November 1996 by merging two software development tools companies: Interactive Development Environments, a modelling, analysis and design tools developer, and Thomson Software Products (TSP). TSP was based in Norwalk, Connecticut with engineering and support facilities in Norwalk and San Diego, California.
TSP was established in July 1995, as a United States subsidiary of the French firm Thomson-CSF, formed by merging the Thomson subsidiary Alsys of San Diego with Must Software International of Norwalk. The staff in Norwalk continued to provide client/server fourth-generation language (4GL) and middleware products, while the ex-Alsys worked on high-performance Ada programming language development environments and the TeleUSE family of graphical user interface development tools.
Acquisition
In December, 1998, Aonix was acquired by private equity firm The Gores Group (then known as Gores Technology Group). Aonix owned the product lines Nomad software, Ultraquest and Select Solution Factory until two groups split in January 2003 in a management buy-out. The new company, based in Boulder, Colorado and still owned by Gores, was named Select Business Solutions. Aonix merged with real-time and embedded Java tools vendor NewMonics, of Tucson, Arizona in 2003, acquiring the PERC product line.
In January 2010, Aonix and Artisan Software Tools (based in Cheltenham, UK) agreed to merge, forming a new company called Atego. The combined company was headquartered in San Diego. In March 2010 Atego acquired BlueRiver Software, the Germany-based maker of the X32 C/C++ interactive development environment. In 2011 it acquired the ApexAda family of Ada compilers from the Rational Software division of IBM.
PTC, Inc. announced on July 1, 2014, it acquired Atego, for approximately $50 million in cash.
Products
Product lines included AdaWorld, Ameos, Architecture Component Development, ObjectAda (now PTC ObjectAda), PERC (now PTC Perc), RAVEN, SmartKernel, Software Through Pictures, and TeleUSE (now PTC TeleUSE).
References
External links
Official Website
Tetrabyte Website
Accounting Software
Software companies based in California
Software companies of the United Kingdom
Technology companies based in San Diego
Privately held companies based in California
Software companies of the United States
Gideon W. Thompson (February 28, 1823 – January 8, 1902) was a colonel in the Missouri State Guard and the Confederate Army during the American Civil War. He assumed command on the field after the fall of Brigadier General John T. Hughes at the First Battle of Independence.
Early life
Gideon W. Thompson was born in Todd County, Kentucky to Robert C. Thompson and Eveline (Roberts). They relocated to Howard County, Missouri while Gideon was a toddler. Gideon became a farmer and livestock trader in Platte County, Missouri.
Civil War
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Thompson was elected captain of a company in the 5th Division of the Missouri State Guard. Serving in the major battles of Price's 1861 Missouri campaign he was elected major then colonel in November 1861. In August 1862 he was recruiting a new regiment in Missouri and suffered a wound to the foot or leg at the First Battle of Independence.
Thompson was appointed Colonel of the 6th Missouri Cavalry (Confederate) November 9, 1862 as a result of John T. Coffee's removal from command on charges of drunkenness. The regiment participated in three large Missouri raids in 1863, including the Battle of Hartville and the defense of Little Rock, Arkansas. At the Battle of Hartville, he was reported as doing his duty "well and nobly" while commanding his regiment. After the Battle of Hartville, he was mistakenly reported dead in enemy communications by Union Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren. After his many exploits during these campaigns, a command reorganization in December 1863 resulted in his replacement by another commander.
Post-war
At the close of hostilities, Thompson returned to his farm in Platte County, Missouri. He died January 8, 1902 and is buried in the Barry Cemetery in Clay County, Missouri.
References
See also
Allardice, Bruce S., Confederate Colonels: a Biographical Register Columbia, MO: University of Missouri Press, 2008.
Eakin, Joanne Chiles, Battle of Independence, August 11, 1862, Independence, MO: Two Trails Publishing, 2000
Eakin, Joanne Chiles, Battle of Lone Jack, August 16, 1862, Independence, MO: Two Trails Publishing, 2001
Peterson, Richard C.; McGhee, James C.; Lindberg, Kip A.; & Daleen, Keith I., Sterling Price's Lieutenants, Rev. Ed., Independence, MO: Two Trails Publishing, 2007
McGhee, James E., Guide to Missouri Confederate Units, 1861-1865, University of Arkansas, 2010
Paxton, William M., Annals of Platte County, Missouri: From its Exploration Down to June 1, 1897, Platte County, MO: Hudson-Kimberly Publishing Co., 1897
1823 births
1902 deaths
People of Missouri in the American Civil War
Confederate States Army officers
The creamy-bellied gnatcatcher (Polioptila lactea) is a species of bird in the family Polioptilidae. It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.
Taxonomy and systematics
The creamy-bellied gnatcatcher is monotypic. It has occasionally been thought to be conspecific with the tropical gnatcatcher (P. plumbea).
Description
The creamy-bellied gnatcatcher is long and weighs approximately . The male has a bluish-black cap and white lores and supercilium. Its upperparts are dark slate blue. Its long tail's central feathers are black and the outermost white with those between being black and white. Its cheeks and underparts are pale yellowish transitioning to white on the lower belly. The female and juvenile are similar to the male but with slate gray crowns.
Distribution and habitat
The creamy-bellied gnatcatcher is found in southern Brazil from Mato Grosso do Sul and Rio de Janeiro states south to Santa Catarina state and adjoining southeastern Paraguay and northeastern Argentina. It inhabits several biomes including open humid forest and its edges, temperate rainforest, semi-deciduous forest, and scrublands. It elevation it usually occurs below .
Behavior
Feeding
The creamy-bellied gnatcatcher's diet is not well known but is probably small insects and spiders. It forages by gleaning and hover-gleaning foliage, alone and in mixed-species foraging flocks.
Breeding
Almost nothing is known about the creamy-bellied gnatcatcher's breeding phenology. One nest has been described. It was built by both sexes of moss and leaves in the crotch of a branch near the top of a high tree.
Vocalization
The creamy-bellied gnatcatcher's song is "a simple, rather fast repetition...'tee tee swee swee swee'" . Its call is "spie" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the creamy-bellied gnatcatcher as Near Threatened. "This species is restricted to lowland forest in a region where habitat destruction has been widespread...and existing populations are likely to be highly fragmented."
References
creamy-bellied gnatcatcher
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
creamy-bellied gnatcatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Esplanade Park is a park located at the Esplanade area within the Downtown Core district of Singapore.
History
Built in 1943 when Singapore was ruled by Japan, the Esplanade Park is one of the oldest parks in Singapore. The park was redeveloped in 1991. Many historical landmarks are located at the Esplanade Park, including Queen Elizabeth Walk, the former Indian National Army Monument site, The Cenotaph (completed in 1922), Tan Kim Seng Fountain (moved here in 1925 from Fullerton Square), and the Lim Bo Seng Memorial (which was unveiled in 1954).
The Esplanade Park is bounded by Connaught Drive, Stamford Road, Esplanade Drive and the mouth of the Singapore River.
See also
Esplanade Bridge
Esplanade – Theatres on the Bay
List of parks in Singapore
References
.
Notes
External links
Esplanade Park at National Parks Board
1943 establishments in Singapore
Downtown Core (Singapore)
Parks in Singapore
Jack Haskett (25 June 1911 – 5 March 1992) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1911 births
1992 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Gérard Jean Nédellec is a French medical doctor, who served as the French Surgeon General 2009-2012 and the 6th chairman of the Committee of Chiefs of Military Medical Services in NATO.
After attending the Collège naval 1966–1969, he studied medicine at the Ecole du Service de santé des armées in Bordeaux 1969-1975 and qualified as a hematologist. His senior appointments in the French Defence Health Service (Service de santé des armées - SSA) included chief of the hematology service at the Val-de-Grâce and Percy military hospitals from 1988 to 2004, on the Hospital Staff at SSA headquarters (Direction centrale du SSA), and as Director of St. Anne Hospital in Toulon 2007–2009. He served as Surgeon General (Directeur central du SSA) from 2009 to 2012. Following his 2012 election by the allied Surgeons General as chairman of the Committee of Chiefs of Military Medical Services in NATO, he served as NATO's principal medical adviser until his retirement in 2015. He is a Commander in the French Legion of Honour.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
French military doctors
French surgeons
Numto () is a freshwater lake in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
The village of Numto, part of the Kazym rural settlement, is located at the southwestern of the lake by its shore. Historically it was the place where the Kazym rebellion flared up in the early 1930s.
Oil and gas exploration controversy
Numto is a traditional sacred site for the local Khanty people. The lake is part of an integrated protected area which was established in 1997 in Beloyarsky District and which is complemented by the Numto Natural Park in adjacent Nadymsky District of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug to the north. The area, however is under threat from oil and gas drilling operations.
Geography
Numto is a lake of thermokarst origin located in an area of numerous smaller lakes of the Siberian Uvaly. It has a roughly semicircular shape. There is a small heart-shaped island near the western end of the lake that is a sacred place in local shamanism.
The lake is located in the Beloyarsky District, at the northern limit of the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, near the border of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. The area of the lake is covered with sparse larch taiga and swamps.
See also
Association to Save Yugra
List of lakes of Russia
Petroleum exploration in the Arctic
References
External links
Greenpeace - Indigenous Ritual near Numto Lake in Siberia
Numto - EthnoMir
Geography of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug
Lakes of Russia
Sacred lakes
West Siberian Plain
Spring Lake School District is a public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade in Spring Lake, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2018–19 school year, the district, comprising one school, had an enrollment of 181 students and 27.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 6.7:1. In the 2016–17 school year, Spring Lake had the 43rd smallest enrollment of any school district in the state, with 197 students.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From the lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Students attending public high school for ninth through twelfth grades are assigned to Manasquan High School as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Manasquan Public Schools. Manasquan High School also serves students from Avon-by-the-Sea, Belmar, Brielle, Lake Como, Sea Girt and Spring Lake Heights who attend Manasquan High School as part of sending/receiving relationships with their respective districts. As of the 2018–19 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 969 students and 72.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.3:1.
Students may also attend one of the magnet schools in the Monmouth County Vocational School District — Marine Academy of Science and Technology, Academy of Allied Health & Science, High Technology High School, Biotechnology High School, and Communications High School.
History
In 1897, the borough's first public school was built at the corner of Warren Avenue and Fifth Avenue. Later, in the 1950s, the building served as a Masonic meeting room, after the school was relocated to Tuttle Avenue. On May 10, 1962, the Spring Lake public school was renamed to honor its retiring principal, H.W. Mountz.
Awards and recognition
In 2015, H.W. Mountz School was one of 15 schools in New Jersey, and one of nine public schools, recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School in the exemplary high performing category by the United States Department of Education.
In 2002, the science teacher for sixth to eighth grade students, John Bormann, received a National Educator Award from the Milken Family Foundation.
On June 5, 2006, Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine visited H. W. Mountz School to congratulate Katharine Close for winning the Scripps National Spelling Bee.
School
H. W. Mountz Elementary School had an enrollment of 176 students in grades PreK-8 in the 2018–19 school year.
Dr. Stephen La Valva, Principal
Administration
Core members of the school's administration are:
Dr. Stephen LaValva, Superintendent
Joanette Femia, Interim School Business Administrator and Board Secretary
Board of education
The district's board of education, comprised of five elected members, sets policy and oversees the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with either one or two seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the day-to-day operation of the district.
Notable alumni
Chris Candido (1972–2005), professional wrestler.
Johnny Candido (born 1982), professional wrestler.
References
External links
H. W. Mountz School
School Data for the H. W. Mountz School, National Center for Education Statistics
Spring Lake, New Jersey
New Jersey District Factor Group I
School districts in Monmouth County, New Jersey
Schools in Monmouth County, New Jersey
Public K–8 schools in New Jersey
The Devil's Gulch is a 1926 American silent Western film directed by Jack Nelson. The film stars Bob Custer, and Hazel Deane.
Cast
Bob Custer as Ace and Deuce Remsen
Hazel Deane as Merrill Waverly
Charles Belcher as Max Crew
Pat Beggs as Bill Griggs
Roy Laidlaw as Seth Waverly
Mark Hamilton as the Sheriff
References
External links
1926 films
American black-and-white films
1926 Western (genre) films
Silent American Western (genre) films
American silent feature films
Films directed by Jack Nelson
1920s American films
Nasrabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Naşrābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Naşrābād and Naşrābād-e Bālā) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 51, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Clydesdale East is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. It elects three councillors. Its territory covers a large, rural and sparsely populated area of southern and eastern Clydesdale, bordering four other local authority areas (Dumfries and Galloway, the Scottish Borders and short sections with West Lothian and East Ayrshire). The largest settlement is Biggar; villages include Abington, Carnwath, Carstairs, Carstairs Junction, Cleghorn, Crawford, Leadhills, Symington and Thankerton – these boundaries were unaffected by a 2017 national review. In 2019, the ward had a population of 13,065.
Councillors
Election results
2022 election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
2017 election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
2012 election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
SNP councillor Reverend Bev Gauld resigned from the party and became an Independent after the party legalised same-sex marriage.
2007 election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Clydesdale
Leadhills
Biggar, South Lanarkshire
The first German man-portable flamethrower was called the Kleinflammenwerfer ('small flamethrower') or Kleif. Fuel was stored in a large vertical, cylindrical backpack container. High-pressure propellant was stored in another, smaller container attached to the fuel tank. A long hose connected the fuel tank to a lance tube with an igniting device at the nozzle. The propellant forced the fuel through the hose and out of the nozzle at high speed when a valve was opened. The igniting device at the nozzle set fire to the fuel as it sprayed out. The flamethrower was operated by two soldiers, one carrying the fuel and propellant tanks, another wielding the lance (though it was 31.8 kg it could be operated by one soldier). Wex, a replacement for the Kleif, was introduced in 1917 after the third battle of Ypres.
The Kleinflammenwerfer was created by and developed by Richard Fiedler, alongside the Grossflammenwerfer, which was a larger flamethrower.
See also
List of flamethrowers
References
External links
History of German Flamethrower Development
1910s establishments in Germany
1910s disestablishments in Germany
Flamethrowers
World War I German infantry weapons
Carlos Rivero is an Argentine author and composer, musician and music teacher, born in San Juan. He developed an intensive professional career as a folk percussion performer.
Specialized in Argentine folk music, he toured, played and recorded with many artists and groups, such as Manolo Juárez, Suna Rocha, Jaime Torres, Leda Valladares, Jairo, Facundo Saravia, Los Andariegos, and Los Chalchareros, among many others.
Rivero has composed Chamber Works for Percussion, being one of them Hunuc Huar (for flute, cello and percussion), the premiere of which took place at the Auditorium LRA Radio Nacional.
In 1995 he received a Trimarg Award, granted by the Argentine Music Committee of UNESCO, in the genre "Folk Projection".
In 2002 he was granted the National Fellowship in Folk Expressions by the National Arts Fund (Fondo Nacional de las Artes).
In 2004 Carlos Rivero published his book: Bombo Legüero and Argentine Folk Percussion.
He played at the Mar del Plata San Martín Theatre (Sala Martín Coronado) as part of the "Mar del Jazz" Festival with Greek guitar player, Andreas Geogiu, and Brazilian percussionist Eliezér Freitas Santos.
He has also recorded with bass player César Franov and guitarist Quique Sinessi; the trio toured around the country.
Rivero formed part of the Ethnic Percussion Trio with Marcelo García and Facundo Guevara, and he has also performed in a Duet together with the guitar player José Salussi. He covered the well-known Argentine rock band Divididos during a concert in Sarmiento Park (Córdoba) and also contributed with the band Bersuit Vergarabat for their album, La Argentinidad al Palo. With this group, he performed at concerts held in the River Plate Stadium and the Luna Park.
Since 1987, Carlos Rivero works as a full-time professor of folklore at the School of Popular Music of Avellaneda. He also gives clinics and lectures on Musical Language Appreciation, Bombo legüero and Argentine Folk Percussion all over the country.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20070717200735/http://www.carlosriverobombo.com.ar/
http://www.bombolegueroypercusion.blogspot.com
https://web.archive.org/web/20070404095905/http://www.revistaquilombo.com.ar/revistas/17/q17.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20070131013318/http://www.empa.edu.ar/plantel_docente_folklore.htm
http://www.astrolabio.net/espectaculos/articulos/109631074879207.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20060824200238/http://www.revistaen.com.ar/n08/notas/arbolito.php
Argentine musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
A Pierrot ensemble is a musical ensemble comprising flute, clarinet, violin, cello and piano. This ensemble is named after 20th-century composer Arnold Schoenberg's seminal work Pierrot Lunaire, which includes the quintet of instruments above with a narrator (usually performed by a soprano).
History
The quintet of instruments used in Pierrot Lunaire has been used in the twentieth century by different groups, such as The Fires of London, who formed in 1965 as "The Pierrot Players" to perform Pierrot Lunaire, and continued to concertize with a varied classical and contemporary repertory. This group began to perform works arranged for these instruments and commission new works.
While standard chamber ensembles (such as string quartets or piano trios) continued to be extremely popular among 20th-century composers, the Pierrot ensemble represents an example of the many kinds of non-standard chamber ensembles that have been used in classical music since the beginning of the 20th century.
The number of compositions written for Pierrot Ensemble is limited by the inherent unbalance of the ensemble (two strings, plus two winds, plus piano). More frequent are works that introduce additional instruments, typically more strings, and especially percussion which obtains a small, and inexpensive, chamber ensemble with three families of instruments represented.
Doublings
Doublings are a standard compositional device used to extend an ensemble instrumental color. In Schoenberg's Pierrot Lunaire, the flutist is asked to play piccolo, the clarinetist is asked to play bass clarinet. Other common doublings might include E clarinet (as in Carter's Triple Duo), alto flute.
Notable Pierrot ensembles
Da Capo Chamber Players
Fires of London
Standing Wave
The New Music Players
What Is Noise
Ensemble Namu 나무앙상블 (Seoul, South Korea)
Brightwork New Music
Works for Pierrot ensemble
Milton Babbitt: Arie da Capo (1979)
These are the Clouds about the fallen sun (2013)
Caio Facó: Sopros do Estuário (2017)
Jean-Louis Agobet: Eclisses (2008)
Jorge Villavicencio Grossmann:
Siray I (1995)
Siray III (2018)
Arnold Schoenberg: Pierrot Lunaire (1912) + voice (usually soprano)
Gunther Schuller: Paradigm Exchanges (1991)
Carolyn Yarnell: Lapis Lazuli
Ellen Taaffe Zwilich: Intrada (1983)
Gérard Grisey: Taléa (1986)
John Harbison:
Die Kürze (1970)
Chaconne (2001)
Zhou Long: Dhyana (1989)
Steven Mackey: Indigenous Instruments (1989)
Michael Torke: Telephone Book (1995) {comprising Yellow Pages (1985), Blue Pages (1995), and White Pages (1995)}
David Lang: Sweet Air (1999)
Dorothy Hindman: Setting Century (1999)
Fabien Levy: A propos (2008)
Works with alternative/additional instruments
Mohammed Fairouz: Unwritten (2010) + soprano
Jacob Druckman: Come Round (1992) + percussion
Greg Caffrey: Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold (2018) + percussion
Martin Bresnick: My Twentieth Century (2002) + viola
Earle Brown: Tracking Pierrot (1992) + percussion
Greg Caffrey:
The Garden of Earthly Delights (2016) + percussion
Three movements on the work of William Scott (2017) + percussion
John Cage: Seven (1988) + viola
Elliott Carter: Triple Duo (1983) + percussion
Chen Yi: Sparkle (1992) + 2 percussionists, double bass
Sebastian Currier: Static (2003); winner of the 2007 Grawemeyer Award
Mario Davidovsky: Flashbacks (1995) + percussion
Hanns Eisler:
Palmström (1926) + soprano (without piano)
14 Arten den Regen zu beschreiben (1941) + viola
Morton Feldman: For Frank O'Hara (1976) + percussion
Stuart Greenbaum: Book of Departures (2007) + percussion
Gérard Grisey: Vortex Temporum (1996) + viola
Stephen Hartke: Meanwhile: Incidental Music to Imaginary Puppet Plays (2007) + viola (rather than violin) and percussion
John Harbison: The Natural World (1987) + soprano
Jennifer Higdon: Zaka (2003) + percussion
Kamran Ince: Waves of Talya (1989) + percussion
Fred Lerdahl: Time After Time (2000) + percussion
Zhou Long:Five Elements (2002) + percussion; also exists in a version with Chinese instruments
Steven Mackey: Micro-Concerto (1999) + percussion
Steven Stucky: Ad Parnassum (1998) + percussion
Donald Martino: Notturno (1973) + percussion; winner of the 1974 Pulitzer Prize
Peter Maxwell Davies: Eight Songs for a Mad King (1969) + baritone and percussion
Rytis Mazulis: Canon mensurabilis (2000) + viola
Tristan Murail: Winter Fragments (2000) + electronic sounds
Lior Navok
Sextet (1998) + percussion
Elegy to the Future (2001) + percussion
Robert Paterson:
Autumn Songs (2019) + mezzo-soprano and percussion
Eating Variations (2006) + baritone and percussion (without piano)
Hell's Kitchen (2014) + percussion
Listen (2022) + choir and percussion
Quintus (1996) + percussion (without flute)
Sextet (1999) + percussion
Spring Songs (2018) + tenor and percussion
Summer Songs (2016) + soprano and percussion
The Thin Ice of Your Fragile Mind (2004) + percussion
Winter Songs (2008) + bass-baritone and percussion
Juan Carlos Paz: Dedalus (1950)
George Perle: Critical Moments 2 (2001) + percussion
Mel Powell: Sextet + percussion
Maurice Ravel: 3 Poèmes de Stéphane Mallarmé (1913) + 2nd flute, 2nd clarinet, and voice
Steve Reich: Double Sextet (2007) can be performed either by Pierrot ensemble with tape or by 12 players; winner of the 2009 Pulitzer Prize
Frederic Rzewski:
Pocket Symphony (2000) + percussion
Brussels Diary (2010)
Laura Schwendinger:
Laura Schwendinger: Artist's Muse (2017) + percussion
Laura Schwendinger: Fable (1992) + percussion
Laura Schwendinger: Mise-en-scene (2011) + percussion
Laura Schwendinger: Songs of Heaven and Earth (1997) + percussion, harp and voice
Salvatore Sciarrino: Lo Spazio inverso (1985) + celesta
Michael Seltenreich: Sparks & Flares (2010) + percussion
Ralph Shapey: Three for Six (1979) + percussion
Igor Stravinsky: 3 Japanese Lyrics (1913) + 2nd flute doubling piccolo, 2nd clarinet, and voice
William Susman:
Twisted Figures (1987) + mallet percussion
Camille (2010) with piano four-hands
Joan Tower:
Noon Dance (1982) + percussion
Theo Verbey: Perplex (2004) + vibraphone
Rolf Wallin: The Age of Wire and String (2005)
Graham Waterhouse: Irish Phoenix (2017) + soprano
John Woolrich In the Mirrors of Asleep (2007)
Charles Wuorinen: New York Notes (1982) + 1 or 2 percussionists and electronic sounds
Iannis Xenakis: Plektó (1993) + percussion
Notes
References
Christopher Dromey, The Pierrot Ensembles: Chronicle and Catalogue, 1912-2012 (London: Plumbago, 2013).
External links
From the Arnold Schoenberg Center
Pierrot Lunaire: autograph manuscript
Pierrot Lunaire: complete recording
Pierrot Lunaire Ensemble Vienna
Art of the States: Pierrot ensemble American works for Pierrot ensemble
Barbara White
Pas mon ami Pierrot Blog post by American composer Kyle Gann on the Pierrot Ensemble
Chamber music groups
Types of musical groups
Table tennis at the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe was held from 28 May – 1 June 2013 at d'Coque, Luxembourg.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men
Women
References
External links
Site of the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
Result book
2013 in table tennis
2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
2013
The women's 200 metres at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 4 and 6 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
6 September
Wind: -2.8 m/s
Semi-finals
6 September
Semi-final 1
Wind: -0.2 m/s
Semi-final 2
Wind: 0 m/s
Heats
4 September
Heat 1
Wind: 1 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: -1.2 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: 0 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: -1.5 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 20 athletes from 11 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(3)
References
200 metres
200 metres at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
Upper Daintree is a rural locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , Upper Daintree had a population of 9 people.
References
Shire of Douglas
Localities in Queensland
Mojave Unified School District is a school district in Eastern Kern County that serves the town of Mojave and The City of California City, California (USA).
List of schools
High schools
California City High School
Mojave Junior/Senior High School
Middle schools
California City Middle School
Elementary schools
Hacienda Elementary School
Mojave Elementary School
Robert P. Ulrich Elementary School
Transportation Department
MUSD's transportation department operates the oldest school bus owned by a school district in California, a 1951 Crown Supercoach. Apart from the 1951 Crown, Mojave operates an array of other Crown Supercoaches, Blue Bird All Americans, Thomas Built Rear Engines, and IC REs.
See also
List of school districts in California
Southern Kern Unified School District
Muroc Joint Unified School District
References
External links
School districts in Kern County, California
Mojave, California
California City, California
1951 establishments in California
School districts established in 1951
Sheshtaraz () may refer to:
Sheshtaraz District
Sheshtaraz Rural District
is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Ichirō Kita.
Cast
Kazuko Yoshiyuki
Megumi Saeki
Miyoko Asada
Hana Kino
Takaaki Enoki
Tetsuya Makita
References
External links
Films directed by Ichirō Kita
Japanese drama films
2011 drama films
2011 films
2010s Japanese films
Thècle Mbororo (born 24 September 1989) is a Cameroon football goalkeeper who plays for Cameroonian side Panthère de Garoua.
As of June 2015, she has made five appearances for the Cameroon women's national football team, and was also part of the Cameroon squad at the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup but did not make an appearance.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Women's association football goalkeepers
Cameroonian women's footballers
Cameroon women's international footballers
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup players
African Games silver medalists for Cameroon
African Games medalists in football
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
20th-century Cameroonian women
21st-century Cameroonian women
Stanley Gordon Metcalfe (20 June 1932 – 16 September 2017) was an English first-class cricketer. He played first-class cricket on 27 occasions, mostly for Oxford University and the Free Foresters.
Life and first-class cricket
Metcalfe was born at Horsforth in June 1932 and attended the nearby Leeds Grammar School. From there he went up to Pembroke College, Oxford. While at Oxford he made his debut in first-class cricket for Oxford University against Gloucestershire in 1954 at Oxford. He played first-class cricket for Oxford until 1956, making seventeen appearances. He scored 595 runs in his seventeen matches, an average of 20.51 and a high score of 75. He first played for the Free Foresters in 1958, playing in seven first-class matches for them between 1958–68. It was for the Free Foresters that he made his highest first-class score, with 133 not out against Oxford University in 1959, one of two centuries he made and 543 runs he scored for the Free Foresters. Metcalfe also appeared in one first-class match for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Cambridge University at Lord's in 1961, as well as two matches for D. R. Jardine's XI in 1958.
After graduating from Oxford, he worked for Rank Hovis McDougall from 1959, later becoming their chairman. He lived out his final years in Alton, Hampshire, before dying in September 2017 following a long illness.
References
External links
1932 births
2017 deaths
People from Horsforth
People educated at Leeds Grammar School
Alumni of Pembroke College, Oxford
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
D. R. Jardine's XI cricketers
20th-century English businesspeople
Events in the year 1895 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
The Macedonian Secret Revolutionary Committee (MSRC) was founded in Plovdiv.
Deaths
18 July – Stefan Stambolov, former Prime Minister and regent of Bulgaria (born 1854)
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Adam Glen (1 March 1853 – 3 July 1937) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played six first-class matches for Otago between 1873 and 1887.
Cricket career
A right-arm medium-pace bowler who could bowl accurately for long periods, Glen was often able to extract unexpected bounce from the pitch. He achieved some impressive figures for Dunedin Cricket Club (such as 8 for 26, 6 for 9 and 9 for 18) and once took 101 wickets in a season at an average of 4.22. He was not as spectacularly successful at first-class level, but in his first match for Otago, who were weakened by the unavailability of several leading players, he was the team's best bowler against Canterbury, taking 4 for 55 in an innings defeat in February 1873. He was also effective against the touring Australians in 1877-78, taking 3 for 16 from 19.3 four-ball overs.
He later took up umpiring. His first first-class match as an umpire was the Otago–Canterbury match of February 1887 in Christchurch. The Otago player Charlie Frith failed to turn up on the first day, when Glen umpired; when Frith again failed to appear on the second day, Glen was prevailed upon by the Otago team to play – so Glen's debut as an umpire also became his last match as a player. He umpired 10 first-class matches between 1887 and 1898.
Personal life
Glen married Frances Bellamy in Dunedin in March 1879. They moved in 1906 from Dunedin to Otautau, in Southland, where Glen worked in his son's softgoods business. They returned to Dunedin a few years later, where Glen worked among the composing staff at the Evening Star for 21 years until his retirement in 1934.
They moved to Hawera in 1935, and Glen died in Auckland in July 1937. His wife and a son and daughter survived him.
References
External links
1853 births
1937 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
New Zealand cricket umpires
Luo Pinchao (; born ; June 1912 – July 15, 2010) was a Cantonese opera stage actor who started to perform (as his career choice) in 1930. He was eventually recognized as the world's oldest opera singer by the Guinness World Records.
Pinchao died in Guangzhou on July 15, 2010, at age 98.
Career
Returned to mainland China upon the birth of PRC, bringing along fellow convinced performers. Joined Communist Party and eventually became intellectual property of the State (). Front and center on stage only when first returned to perform in Hong Kong with peer performers in the late 1970s. Shared stage and spotlight with PRC troupes of up-and-coming performers all over the world after those few performances.
By 1988, planned succession for offices was already in full force. Through communal spirit (instead of individual idolization or personal branding) among the Pinchao generation (grandfathered into the system in the 1950s), the Cultural Revolution and various other events, gone in this arena was life tenure. Collusion among the elders found in some other mainland Chinese Opera genre still, Hong Kong and all over the world generally in Cantonese opera, The Dog in the Manger, didn't survive in PRC.
True to his motto "life-long learning approach" (1988 biography) Pinchao continued the journey in the US, learning a new language - English as a Second Language (ESL). (Unadulterated by interpreter, as Fong Yim Fun, his former co-star on stage and in films, can move at will between Cantonese and English or not is not known.) Gave lessons (to all, including different descent and nationality) in Chinatown while living in New York, USA since 1988 for citizenship. Bookends of his time (from inaugural as Vice-Chancellor in 1958 to Artistic Director in 1988) spent teaching in State training school are:-
Tsoi Kwok Hing, the first crop of graduates in the 1960s
Ting Fan (retired recently from office in 2017 at 63 years old) whom he hand-picked for training in the late 1970s
Lost count how many he groomed over decades of teaching when performed with six generations of students at one point. Performance on stage had been few and far between.
Very late in life, took under his wing a young student, grand-kid of an old friend (). This is his only known opera or professional offspring. Also, he looked over the shoulders of his former students who held offices, gave lessons and took-up various responsibilities he left behind (as Artistic Director, Guangdong Cantonese Opera Institution in 1988) during his yearly returns to mainland while his speech always remained clear and diction was still good all along.
Repertoire select
Luo Cheng at the Gate
Often known as Luo Cheng writing a letter to emphasize hour-long scene with Pinchao standing on one foot while writing a letter with own (character's) blood.
Bandits of Shandong Province
Pinchao known for the scene in which the ride (a horse, the art of abstraction) was bridled and saddled ().
Filmography select
White Poplar, Red Tears
Hongling's Blood (Part 1)
Hongling's Blood (Part 2)
Excerpt select
Meeting at the Tower, Butterfly Lovers
Waiting for the Moon in the Western Chamber, Romance of the Western Chamber
Personal life
Married (1944-1982) to Huang Bao-qiong () until her death and produced one son.
Biography
Luo Pinchao qi zhuan by Lingyu Liu 羅品超奇傳; 劉伶玉 (In Chinese Only) Worldcat OCLC Number: 45637650
References
External links
1912 births
2010 deaths
Male Cantonese opera actors
People from Nanhai District
Male actors from Guangdong
Singers from Guangdong
20th-century Chinese male singers
21st-century Chinese male singers
20th-century Chinese male actors
21st-century Chinese male actors
Rum Rebellion is the debut album by the Australian folk punk band Mutiny. It was released in 1997 by Deported Records in Australia. It was reissued in the U.S. on Hell's Ditch Records in 1999 and again in 2002 on Fistolo Records. Portland, Oregon-based Irish punk band Rum Rebellion cites both this album and the Australian rebellion of the same name as inspiration for their band name.
Track listing
"Bligh" – 3:42
"Girlz on the Fiddle" – 2:56
"High on the Hill" – 4:08
"Here's to Adventure" – 0:54
"Take a Chance" – 3:09
"Knife" – 4:30
"These Streets" – 3:38
"Bodgy Tatts" – 2:32
"Drink to Better Days" – 5:23
"Enjoy It While It Lasts" – 2:55
"Diddly Squat" – 1:52
Credits
Alice – bass
Chris – vocals, drums
Greg – acoustic and electric guitar, mandolin, vocals
Michelle – 5-string violins, vocals
Briony – vocals, acoustic 12-string guitar, mandolin, tin whistle
With guests
Dan Green – piano accordion
Gus McMillan – banjo
Dave Corbet – trumpet
Mutiny (band) albums
1997 albums
The Black sermonic tradition, or Black preaching tradition, is an approach to sermon (or homily) construction and delivery practiced primarily among African Americans in the Black Church. The tradition seeks to preach messages that appeal to both the intellect and the emotive dimensions of humanity. The tradition finds its roots in the painful experiences of blacks during slavery in the United States, as well as experiences during the Jim Crow era and subsequent discrimination.
Aspects
Scholars and practitioners have widely recognized four elements of the tradition, which widely continue to the modern day. Firstly, the preaching emphasizes the preacher's freedom to be his or her authentic black self and not have to front a false persona to appease certain expectations of members of the dominant society.
Secondly, the preaching is characterized by a variety of rhetorical embellishments including often jarring hyperbole, corresponding body language, and musicality in vocalizations. Thirdly, it is often marked by challenges to dominant societal structures and emphasizes how individuals may be transformed by having a relationship with God. Finally, there is a recognition of historical continuity with ancestors and their struggles.
Some African American poetry and other literature is organized by the pattern of the sermonic tradition.
Whooping
Raboteau describes a common style of black preaching called "whooping", which first developed in the early 19th century, and became common throughout the 20th and into the 21st centuries:The preacher begins calmly, speaking in conversational, if oratorical and occasionally grandiloquent, prose; he then gradually begins to speak more rapidly, excitedly, and to chant his words and time to a regular beat; finally, he reaches an emotional peak in which the chanted speech becomes tonal and merges with the singing, clapping, and shouting of the congregation.This aspect of Black preaching often utilizes what is called "preaching chords", bombastic interpolations played on an organ and juxtaposed with the preacher's emphatic lines.
See also
Imprecations (Bible)
Black church
Preaching Chords
References
Hubbard, Don (1996). The Sermon and the African American Literary Imagination, University of Missouri Press,
LaRue, Cleophus J. (1999). The Heart Of Black Preaching, John Knox Press,
Lyndrey A. Niles, "Rhetorical Characteristics of Traditional Black Preaching", Journal of Black Studies, Vol. 15, No. 1, Sep., 1984, pp. 41–52.
Mitchell, Henry H. (1990). Black Preaching: The Recovery of a Powerful Art, Abingdon Press,
Mitchell, Henry H. (2004). Black Church Beginnings: The Long-Hidden Realities of the First Years, Wm. B. Eerdmans Pub.,
Moyd, Olin P. (1995). The Sacred Art: Preaching & Theology in the African American Tradition, Judson Press,
Walter Pitts, "West African Poetics in the Black Preaching Style", American Speech, Vol. 64, No. 2 (Summer, 1989), pp. 137–149.
External links
"SoulPreaching.Com - Celebrating the African American Preaching Tradition"
"African American Lectionary"
African-American Christianity
Black studies
Sermons
Virginia's 18th congressional district is an obsolete congressional district. It was eliminated in 1843 after the 1840 U.S. Census. Its last Congressman was George W. Hopkins.
List of members representing the district
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
18
Former congressional districts of the United States
Constituencies established in 1793
Constituencies disestablished in 1843
1793 establishments in Virginia
1843 disestablishments in Virginia
Air Routing International (commonly called Air Routing or ARI), was a worldwide provider of international trip support and corporate flight handling since 1978. Air Routing was acquired by Rockwell Collins in January 2010.
Air Routing International was founded by Rudy Fabre, Tom Balousek, and Richard Wilkens in 1978. The founders developed a network of agents in markets throughout the world.
The company's technical platform, Flight Manager, the cornerstone of Air Routing's client interface, was introduced in 1998. Flight Manager, in tandem with Air Routing's staff, is used by flight departments to obtain current flight details on their planned trip.
Air routing has been expanding its service offerings since its inception which, today, include arranging on-board catering, ground transportation, and hotel reservations for business, private, and government flight operations. Air Routing International and its associates, Wilkens Weather, Air Routing Fuel and Air Routing Card Services, maintain its corporate headquarters in Houston, Texas.
Memberships and affiliations
National Business Aviation Association, Inc. (NBAA)
European Business Aviation Association (EBAA)
Middle East Business Aviation Association (MEBAA)
Asian Business Aviation Association (AsBAA)
Other flight support providers
Jeppesen
Universal Weather and Aviation
References
Civil aviation
Georgia Vasilopoulou (born 13 November 2001) is a Greek synchronized swimmer. She would have competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics, but the Greek team was disqualified due to a swimmer testing positive for COVID-19.
References
2001 births
Living people
Greek synchronized swimmers
21st-century Greek women
Beyblade: Metal Fury, known in Japan as is the third season of the Japanese anime television series Beyblade: Metal Saga based on Takafumi Adachi's manga series Beyblade: Metal Fusion, which itself is based on the Beyblade spinning top game from Takara Tomy and Hasbro. Following directly after Beyblade: Metal Masters, the series features Gingka and company as they travel the world in search for the ten "Legendary Bladers" needed to defeat Nemesis, the God of Destruction. The 52-episode series (39 in the dub due to the merger of the second 26 episode half into 13 episodes due to their shortened 11 minute runtime) is produced by d-rights and Nelvana under the direction of Kunihisa Sugishima.
The season was first broadcast on TV Tokyo in Japan from April 3, 2011 until April 1, 2012. The season premiered in Singapore on August 19, 2012 on Cartoon Network. It later premiered in the United States on October 13, 2012 on Cartoon Network. It premiered in Canada on YTV on January 26, 2013 and in Australia on Channel Eleven on April 30, 2013. The series had its season finale on July 4, 2013, even though it had a missing episode "Orion's Whereabouts". Due to this, Channel Eleven screened it on July 5, 2013, completing the whole season.
This series aired in Finland on MTV3 from April 28 to December 27, 2013, presented with a Finnish dub.
This series began airing in India on Cartoon Network from October 27, 2013 to 16 March, 2014 broadcasting every saturday and sunday . It premiered in Latin America on Disney XD on November 2, 2013.
Two pieces of theme music were performed for this show. The opening theme is , performed by YU+KI, and the ending theme is "Destiny", performed by YCHRO.
Episode list
References
Metal Fusion Season 3
2011 Japanese television seasons
2012 Japanese television seasons
Inácio Luís Madeira de Melo (1775 – 1833) was a Portuguese military officer. He served in the office of Governor of Arms, and led Portuguese troops based in Salvador in fighting the War of Independence of Brazil in that province until his capitulation on 2 July 1823, when the troops retreated to Portugal.
Biography
The conflicts in Bahia had a fundamental role in the context that led to Brazilian independence, because of the size of the Portuguese community in the region. After the Liberal Revolution of Porto (1820), liberal ideas reached and spread in Salvador.
Appointment
Madeira was appointed by Portugal in February 1822 as weapons commander in Bahia. This position was created by the Cortes in September 1821 as a way to reestablish military control of the new constitutional government in Portugal over Brazil, after the return of king John VI to Portugal on April 26, 1821. According to this decree, the commander would respond only to the Cortes in Lisbon, and was expressly independent of the Juntas Provincial Government.
Siege of Salvador
In early 1823, a contingent of Portuguese troops arrived in Salvador to strengthen the local military personnel loyal to Portugal. The then Prince Regent Pedro named Pedro Manuel for the troops loyal to the independence of Brazil, but they were beaten by the Portuguese and made a tactical retreat to the region of Recôncavo, since the inhabitants were supporters of independence.
The siege of Salvador began where there was a concentration of traders and Portuguese soldiers. Under siege, the city was unable to receive food and ammunition. Madeira asked Portugal for aid, while the Prince Regent sent French general Pierre Labatut to strengthen the Brazilian troops.
In an attempt to break the blockade, Madeira started the Battle of Pirajá on November 8, 1822, but was defeated, which forced his troops to retreat to Salvador.
In early 1823 the besieged capital deteriorated quickly. Without food, disease began to spread. Madeira left Salvador, with about ten thousand people. In late May, a Brazilian fleet under the command of Thomas Cochrane blockaded Salvador. The Portuguese troops surrendered and left the city. On July 2, the victorious Brazilian forces entered the city.
Bibliography
Luis Henrique Dias Tavares. The independence of Brazil in Bahia, Rio de Janeiro: Columbia University Press, 1977.
SILVA, Arlenice Almeida da. The wars of independence. New York: Attica, 1995.
Teixeira, Francisco M. Fr. Brazil, History and Society.'' New York: Attica, 2000.
Portuguese military officers
1775 births
1833 deaths
People from Chaves, Portugal
18th-century Portuguese people
19th-century Portuguese people
East Kilbride Central North is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it currently elects three councillors. As the name suggests, its territory covers the parts of East Kilbride just north of the town centre with the southern boundary being the Queensway (A726) dual carriageway, including the central retail and administrative area itself as well as the neighbourhoods of East Mains, Kirktonholme, the Village and West Mains, most of St Leonards (west of High Common Road) and part of Calderwood (Maxwellton/west of Calderwood Road). A 2017 national review removed a few streets in the east of the ward (between Calderwood Road, Morrishall Road and Hunter Primary School) which had only a small effect on the electorate but caused the loss of one seat from the original four to balance with other wards with similar populations but only three seats. In 2019, the population was 16,799.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
SNP councillor Sheena Wardhaugh resigned from the party and became Independent on 25 May 2017.
2019 By-election
Councillor Sheena Wardhaugh died on 2 June 2019, triggering a by-election. This was held on 29 August 2019, won by the SNP's Grant Ferguson.
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
East Kilbride
Scylacosaurus is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsids.
References
Scylacosaurids
Therocephalia genera
Permian synapsids
Lopingian synapsids of Africa
Fossil taxa described in 1903
Taxa named by Robert Broom
The Indie Game Jam (IGJ) was an effort to rapidly prototype video game designs and inject new ideas into the game industry. Started in 2002 by a group of game designer-programmers, the event featured a shared game engine technology and worked on by other designer-programmers for a single long weekend. The games resulting from that weekend were then published, open-source, on the IGJ web page.
Overview
IGJ was an event for indie game developers that allowed them to develop and present ideas without publisher restrictions. Hosted in Oakland, California just before the Game Developers Conference, the IGJ ran on sponsorship and donations.
IGJ was known for innovation and rapid prototyping of new gameplay ideas. After the third IGJ, Doug Church commented, "[..] it's kinda true that nothing works, but you just throw everyone into the middle of the fire and things come out." He commented that small experiments can lead to big developments in the field. He also noted that while IGJ may not itself revolutionize the mainstream video game industry, it may inspire individuals to innovate. Justin Hall explained that the "roots of electronic entertainment life [lie in such] collaborations".
Numerous well known indie developers and other game industry figures have participated, including Jonathan Blow, Doug Church, Chaim Gingold, Justin Hall, Chris Hecker, Austin Grossman, Marc LeBlanc, Randy Smith, and Robin Hunicke.
The IGJ was considered an inspiration for later game jams including the Nordic Game Jam and the Global Game Jam.
Yearly Game Jams
Each year, Indie Game Jam posed different questions about innovation of new settings, genres, and controls.
The first Indie Game Jam (IGJ) named "0th Indie Game Jam." was held between March 15–18, 2002. The idea for the event came from Chris Hecker and Sean Barrett, who originally presented Dogma 2001 challenge for the 2001 Game Developers Conference (GDC), which strived to create games without relying on technology. For the IGJ, the opposite approach was taken. Hecker described the attempt as encouragement for experimentation with technology-driven design and pointed out that video gaming industry lacked innovation being restricted by publisher expectations for returns. He proposed to use 100,000 sprites to produce a game. During the jam 12 new games were developed by 14 programmers and designers. All games used the same engine, which Hecker noted took considerable time to produce. The engine was optimized and strived to stress the hardware. He also noted that "great programmers" had to be chosen due to limited time and complex coding tasks. The resulting innovative games, while in no way complete, were presented at the Experimental Gameplay Workshop session at the 2002 GDC and were well received. The event was funded by donations: for example Intel supplied the team's personal computers.
The second Indie Game Jam held in March 2003 used Zack Simpson's Shadow Garden technology, which used a human shadow projected on the wall as the primary interface. The IGJ again had 14 programmers and designers participating.
The third Indie Game Jam was held in March 2004 and two dozen programmers participated. In the invitation letter, Hecker proposed to explore physics engine integration into gameplay. The engine chosen was Atman Binstock's 2D physics engine with a framework for experimentation with various physical properties and object interactions. The engine presented a challenge, because the real world physics did not necessarily correspond with the engine's features. The jam explored level deformation and chaotic results from player's interaction with the physics engine. It proved difficult to focus on game design rather than physics themselves. The jam also invited a number of support stuff and artists to polish the games. Almost all games produced used PlayStation 2 DualShock controllers. While unfamiliarity with the engine and certain technical difficulties provided a challenge, in the end the team succeeded at producing working games. In the end, the physics were seen as a field of potential innovation.
The fourth Indie Game Jam held in March 2005 explored human interaction using 3D characters from The Sims. The IGJ attracted professionals from various fields – art, sound design, game theory and education. By this time, similar Game Jams had developed – in Lithuania, Toronto, Dallas, Boston, Ohio, and Nordic.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Indie Game Jam
Indie video games
Game jams
USA-83, also known as GPS IIA-5, GPS II-14 and GPS SVN-26, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the fifth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-83 was launched at 09:20:01 UTC on 7 July 1992, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D211, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17B (LC-17B) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-83 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 6 August 1992, USA-83 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.92 minutes, and 55.0° of inclination to the equator. It has PRN 26, and operates in slot 2 of plane F of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years; however, it actually remained in service until 5 January 2015.
It was retired and resides in a disposal orbit at approximately 1000 km above the operational constellation.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1992
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Y2K (also known as Countdown to Chaos and Y2K: The Movie) is a 1999 American made-for-television science fiction-thriller film directed by Dick Lowry and starring Ken Olin and Kate Vernon. The film takes a fictional look at the societal problems that could ensue from widespread computer shutdowns caused by the Year 2000 problem, also known as the Y2K problem or the Millennium bug. The film premiered November 21, 1999 on NBC.
The film's airing sparked a controversy after some utility and banking industry trade associations, including the Edison Electric Institute, asked TV stations not to air the film. Before the film aired, executive producer David Israel called the concerns "silly." "My guess is some of the things we say are going to happen might happen, and some we say might won't," he told Variety in November 1999. "It's not like Y2K is a big secret."
The film was harshly criticized by critics and preceded by a disclaimer that stated that "This program does not suggest or imply that any of these events could actually occur."
Background
Executive producer David Israel and his partner, Patrick Caddell, developed the idea of making a Y2K disaster film in the summer of 1998. "We were sitting at my kitchen table and concocted this thing and went and pitched it," Israel told the Los Angeles Times in 1999. "Frankly, I was astonished that nobody else pitched it. When we were able to clear the title 'Y2K,' I was flabbergasted. I was surprised we are the only fictional thing that got made."
Another Y2K-themed film with the same title and starring Louis Gossett Jr., Sarah Chalke and Malcolm McDowell was produced and released straight to video in 1999.
Plot
Nick Cromwell (Olin) is an MIT-trained freelance computer systems analyst who works at a Seattle nuclear power plant. With the Y2K computer bug shutting down computer systems around the globe after midnight on January 1, 2000, Cromwell first is in Washington, D.C., arranging for an arriving airplane to land without the benefit of runway lights. Then, after word leaks a Swedish nuclear power plant has had a meltdown just a few hours earlier after that country ushered in the year 2000, Cromwell must hop a supersonic jet back home to Seattle, where Cromwell's family lives, to prevent a meltdown at the same kind of power plant. That requires the evacuation of a 10-mile radius of the plant, including Cromwell's wife, Alix (Vernon), who is a doctor delivering a millennium baby. Further complicating matters for the Cromwells is the fact that although Alix has told their two children to stay home, 16-year-old daughter, Kelly (Jane McGregor), sneaks out to party. This requires Alix to roam the city looking for her.
Other disasters around the country include power failures crippling the entire Eastern seaboard, computers unlocking all doors in a Texas prison and Jay Leno of The Tonight Show With Jay Leno continuing to broadcast.
Cast
Ken Olin as Nick Cromwell
Joe Morton as Martin Lowell
Kate Vernon as Alix Cromwell
Lauren Tom as Ann Lee
Zack Ward as Rick Rothmans
Rex Linn as Nuclear plant foreman
Jay Leno as Himself
Inday Ba
Jane McGregor as Kelly Cromwell
Ronny Cox as Benjamin Cromwell
Michal Suchánek as Donny Cromwell
Terence Kelly as Roy Jenkins
Reception
The film was criticized by many critics. Wired wrote that the film had a "hackneyed approach to storytelling", and was "a rather pedestrian action movie", while the Washington Post'''s Tom Shales dismissed the film for being insufficient as a thriller, noting that "it never quickens the pulse or sets the senses on edge the way a thriller ought to do. It merely catalogues random catastrophes that could possibly maybe might occur at midnight when we leave the miserable 1900s behind and plunge headlong into the 2000s." ZDNet's Mitch Ratcliffe called it "indescribably silly."
Several media outlets also took aim at the film for its technical inaccuracies, including ZDNet, which highlighted more than 25 "myths" from the film, and Computerworld'', which printed a "Fact or Fiction?" rundown.
References
External links
1999 films
1999 television films
1990s science fiction thriller films
American science fiction thriller films
NBC networks original films
Films scored by Brad Fiedel
Films directed by Dick Lowry
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Jurdan Martitegi Lizaso (born May 10, 1980, in Durango, Vizcaya, Spain) is a member of the armed Basque nationalist and terrorist group Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA). He is best known as the head of the military/commando unit of the group since late 2008 until April 18, 2009, when he was arrested by French police. He is considered to be one of the most dangerous members of ETA, considered a terrorist organization by the European Union, with police describing him as "extremely violent".
He gained prominence in the military section of ETA by leading the 'commando Vizcaya' (Biscay Command) after the 2006 ceasefire along with Arkaitz Goikoetxea and rose to the highest level of ETA's military leadership following the December 2008 arrest of Aitzol Iriondo alias Gurbita who had replaced Miguel de Garikoitz Aspiazu Rubina alias Txeroki, arrested less than a month before.
ETA activity
Kale borroka
Before joining ETA, Jurdan Martitegi had a wide record of kale borroka acts. On February 12, 1998, he presented himself in front of Baltasar Garzón, after being accused of several street violence acts during 1997. He was shortly released but later accused of taking part in a molotov attack against an Ertzaintza police station in Amorebieta. In 2000 he was arrested after attacking a concessionaire in Iurreta and a bank and Guardia Civil barracks in Galdakao, in which a policeman was wounded. He was arrested again on March 5, 2001, after placing an explosive at the Durango courts and spent some time at the Alcalá Meco and Daroca prisons.
Comando member
Martitegi is believed to have joined ETA after he was released from prison. He left his Durango home in 2006 after he knew police were searching him. He joined the 'commando Vizcaya' after the 2006 ceasefire and carried several attacks along with Arkaitz Goikoetxea, including the bombing of Civil Guard's cuartel in Durango on August 24, 2007, a bomb attack in front of a courthouse in Sestao on December 16, 2007, a car bomb explosion outside a Guardia Civil barracks in Calahorra, Rioja on March 21, 2008 and a van bomb placed in front of a Guardia Civil barracks at Legutiano, Álava, which killed one policeman, Juan Manuel Piñuel Villalón, and injured four. He is also believed to have carried a failed attack outside Getxo courthouse on November 11, 2007. According to police he's the main suspect of killing Spanish Socialist Workers' Party councillor Isaías Carrasco on March 7, 2008, as eyewitnesses described the killer as a 'tall man', a description which fits with Martitegi's two meters height.
Jurdan Martitegi carried all of the attacks along with his fellow partner Arkaitz Goikoetxea, who was arrested on July 22, 2008, after Spanish police dismantled the Vizcaya cell. Martitegi was able to escape before police arrested nine other suspects.
Police reported that Martitegi and Txeroki had trained several ETA members of the Nafarroa cell in Hendaia during 2008. Four days after this cell was arrested, on October 30, ETA bombed the University of Navarra, injuring up to twenty-one persons.
Military chief
In early 2009, Spanish press revealed that ETA's current top leaders Juan Cruz Maiztegui Bengoa, 63, alias Pastor and José Luis Eciolaza Galán alias Dienteputo had entrusted Martitegi to quickly reorganize the commandos and make them ready to commit 'deadly attacks'. Some days later, Spanish police confirmed that ETA had restructured its commandos and that Martitegi would be leading them along with his lieutenant "Andoni Sarasola" and ETA member "Lurgi Mendinueta". Martitegi has already asked his commandos to carry quick attacks, always with car bombs.
Since his work as a military chief ETA has already carried several attacks (see List of ETA attacks in 2009), including the bombing of the Basque television in Bilbao on December 31, 2008, and a van bomb in Madrid on February 8, 2009, which led police to think that ETA has established its first cell in Madrid for about six years.
In February 2009, El Confidencial revealed that police were afraid that Martitegi would try to carry a very big attack to vindicate himself to ETA leaders. Police also warned that ETA's goal was to kill ertzainas during the Basque elections campaign.
Although he officially controlled all of ETA's cells, Martitegi had problems moving in public due to his high stature of more than 1.90 meters, which made him easily detectable.
See also
Francisco Javier López Peña
References
External links
Martitegi profile at Ertzaintza website
Picture #1
Picture #2
People from Durango, Biscay
ETA (separatist group) activists
Living people
1980 births
Individuals designated as terrorists by the United States government
Spanish prisoners and detainees
People convicted on terrorism charges
William Stebbins Barnard ( – ) was an American biologist.
Barnard was born on in Canton, Illinois. He studied at Canton High School, University of Michigan, Cornell University (B.S., 1871), University of Leipsic, and at the University of Jena (Ph. D., 1873). In 1870 he accompanied the scientific exploring expedition to Brazil as assistant geologist. On his return from Europe he lectured in 1874 at Cornell University, and during the summer at the school on Penikese Island. Since then he has lectured on natural history at Mississippi Agricultural College (1874–75); Illinois teachers' summer school (1875); Wisconsin State Normal School (1875); Oskaloosa College (1876–78); Cornell University (1878–1980); and Drake University (1886). During 1880–85 he was entomologist at the United States Department of Agriculture. Barnard made investigations in his specialties, and his papers appeared in scientific journals. His reports as entomologist were published by the government, and he contributed to the proceedings and transactions of the scientific societies of which he was a member. He made inventions of harvesters, both for corn and cotton, and also means and appliances for the destruction of injurious insects. He also devised the Harvard book-rack, improved paper-file holders, and similar articles. Barnard made several hundred plates and figures, some on stone, for the illustration of his papers.
Barnard died on November 13, 1887, in Des Moines, Iowa.
References
Created via preloaddraft
1849 births
1887 deaths
People from Canton, Illinois
University of Michigan alumni
Cornell University alumni
University of Jena alumni
Cornell University faculty
United States Department of Agriculture people
Oskaloosa College faculty
Dry Sandford Pit is a biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest north-west of Abingdon-on-Thames in Oxfordshire. It is a Geological Conservation Review site and it is managed as a nature reserve by the Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust.
This former sand quarry exposes a sequence of limestone rocks laid down in shallow coastal waters during the Oxfordian stage of the Jurassic, around 160 million years ago. It has many fossil ammonites. It has diverse calcareous habitats, including fen, grassland, scrub and heath. It is nationally important entomologically, especially for bees and wasps.
References
Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire
Geological Conservation Review sites
Jason Patrick Faunt (born November 20, 1974) is an American actor. He is best known for the role as Wesley Collins in Power Rangers Time Force, as well as his descendant Alex, the former Red Time Force Ranger.
Faunt grew up in the Chicago suburb of McHenry, Illinois. He attended McHenry High School East Campus. Due to his athletic prowess in high school, he used a partial baseball scholarship to attend the University of North Carolina at Asheville, where he earned a business degree. He originally was going to become a Major League Baseball player after graduating, but moved to Los Angeles instead to pursue an acting career.
Jason Faunt has two daughters, Keira and Makayla, with his ex-wife Stephanie. He currently resides in Orange County, California with his two daughters and fiancee Angela Lin. He appears many times at Power Morphicon for the celebrated Power Rangers franchise. He is also considered to be an important figure alongside Jason David Frank for Power Rangers.
He is set to appear in the upcoming film The Order alongside other Power Rangers alumni.
In 2022, Faunt will play Connor in Legend of the White Dragon alongside his Rangers co-stars Jason David Frank, Johnny Yong Bosch, Yoshi Sudarso, Chrysti Ane and Ciara Hanna which is not related to Power Rangers Franchise and takes the mature tone of the film. Directed By Aaron Schoenke.
Filmography
Film
Legend of the White Dragon (2022)
The Stalker part II (2022)
The Order (2017)
A Pony Tale (2013)
Pact (2004)
Jekyll (2004)
Totem (1999)
Witchouse (1999)
Resident Evil: Vendetta - Leon S. Kennedy's motion capture actor.
Television work
All American (2022) - Bryce
"Got Your Money"
Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel (2018) - Wesley Collins - Red Time Force Ranger (3 episodes)
"The Poisy Show" (Cameo)
"Dimensions in Danger"
"Outfoxed" (Voice Only)
Power Rangers Super Megaforce (2014) - Wesley Collins - Red Time Force Ranger (Episode:"Legendary Battle")
Deadliest Warrior (2010)
Battleground: The Art of WarAlexander the Great (2005)
Eve (U.S. TV series)
"Condom Mania" (2003)
"She Snoops to Conquer" (2003)
Power Rangers Wild Force (2002) - Wesley Collins - Red Time Force Ranger (3 episodes)
"Forever Red"
"Reinforcements from the Future: Part 2"
"Reinforcements from the Future: Part 1"
"Soul Searching" (Voice of Bulldozer Org)
S Club 7 in Hollywood
"The Stylist"
Power Rangers Time Force (2001) - Alex / Wesley Collins - Red Time Force Ranger (40 episodes)
Port Charles
Passions
Video games
Resident Evil 6 (2012) - Leon S. Kennedy motion capture actor
Power Rangers Time Force (Video Game) (2001) Red Ranger voice actor
Producer
Pact (2004/I) (producer)
Webseries
No Nerds Here (2014)
References
External links
Jason Faunt Official Web Site
1974 births
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Living people
Illinois Republicans
Male motion capture actors
People from McHenry, Illinois
University of North Carolina at Asheville alumni
Mutambara is a village in Manicaland Province, Zimbabwe located 16 km west of Cashel. It is the administrative centre of the Mutambara communal land. It was established by the East Central Africa Mission and the name means "to sit in a relaxed position with the legs outstretched, free from danger"
Chimanimani District
Populated places in Manicaland Province
Lee Ji-hyun (; born December 12, 1986), better known by her stage name Qri (), is a South Korean singer and actress. She debuted as a member of girl group T-ara in July 2009,
who went on to become one of the best-selling girl groups of all time.
Early life and education
Lee Ji-hyun was born on December 12, 1986. She has studied at Juyeob High School, and then attended Myungji University, enrolling in the Department of Theatre and Visual Arts, the same class as fellow group member, Boram. She was a model, bassist of the rock band Six Color, and a famous ulzzang before her debut as a T-ara member.
Music career
T-ara
Qri was the last of the three new members to be added to the group after two former members Jiae and Jiwon quit in mid-2009. It was later mentioned on tvN's Taxi that she was introduced to the CEO of Core Contents Media by her original company.
In July 2013, Qri became the new leader of T-ara under the group's rotating leadership system.
QBS
Qri, Boram and Soyeon formed a subgroup called QBS in May 2013, focused on the Japanese market. The subgroup released their debut single titled "Kaze no You ni" (風のように, Like the Wind) on June 26, 2013.
Solo Career
In 2021, Qri released her very first solo digital single "Suri Suri". Qri was revealed to have participated in the writing and production of the song. There wasn't a music video filmed for the song.
On September 29, Qri expressed her gratitude to her fans for the song's success through Instagram. The song topped iTunes Vietnam for 3 days as well as charting in other countries. The song also debuted at #1 on multiple Chinese weekly charts including Migu China.
Acting career
In September 2009, Qri made her acting debut in the drama Queen Seondeok as Kim Yu-shin's wife. She made a cameo appearance alongside other members of T-ara in the drama Master of Study in 2010, and was then given a lead role on KBS's drama Southern Trader Kim Chul Soo's Update. Qri also made a cameo appearance alongside group member Soyeon in SBS' drama Giant.
She was cast alongside groupmate Eunjung for KBS' drama King Geunchogo in 2011, starting from episode 47.
Other ventures
Endorsements
Prior to her debut as a singer with T-ara, Qri was a famous Ullzzang who worked with several brands and shopping malls.
Being one of the most in-demand models since 2009, Qri worked with many renowned Korean brands including Casamia Furniture and Galbanara. She also became the face of multiple A-List brands including LG Group and Maybelline New York.
Fashion design
In 2018, Qri announced the launch of her first self-designed product collection with "Celebrity hat brand" Sebs named "Seb.Q" . The collection featured colored hats and hoodies. It was announced that Qri participated in both the designing and production of the products.
The project was a huge success with all products selling out and constantly being restocked since 2018.
Discography
Filmography
Film
Television series
Web series
Variety shows
Awards
References
External links
1986 births
K-pop singers
T-ara members
South Korean women pop singers
South Korean female idols
Living people
Myongji University alumni
MBK Entertainment artists
South Korean television actresses
People from Goyang
Negra Efendić (born 29 October 1980) is a Swedish journalist and author. She was born in Bosnia and grew up in the town of Brezovo Polje. She and her family fled the Bosnian War and came to Sweden in 1993. She studied to become a journalist at Bona folkhögskola in Motala and started working for Borås Tidning in 2006. In 2007, she started working for Svenska Dagbladet, where she now covers immigration and integration issues after covering the Swedish labor market for several years. In May 2016, Efendić published her first book, the autobiographical Jag var precis som du. The book consists of three parts: In the first part, she depicts her life in rural Brezovo Polje in the northeast part of Bosnia, near the Croatian border; The second part is about her refuge to Croatia and then Sweden, and her first years in the country; the third part takes place in present Stockholm, and depicts her life as a journalist.
For her work she won the journalist award Stora Journalistpriset in the category Storyteller of the Year.
On June 26, 2017, she was one of this year's Sommar i P1 hosts.
Bibliography
2016 - Jag var precis som du
References
External links
Living people
1980 births
Swedish women writers
Yugoslav emigrants to Sweden
Daugava is the eighth studio album by Lars Winnerbäck. It was recorded in Ireland, and released on September 26, 2007. The name comes from the river that runs through Riga.
The album has sold in excess of 80,000 copies in Sweden, and has been certified 2× platinum.
Track listing
"", Farewell Jupiter
"", I've Been Waiting for a Rainfall
"", Before Darkness Falls
"" (duet with Miss Li), If You Left Me Now
"", A Town on a Plain
"", And Wind is Blowing Through the Hall
"", My Healing Solace
"", I Don't Get Anything
"", What's Troubling Sara Wehn
"", Come Home Now
"", Walk on Water
"", From Time to Time
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2007 albums
Lars Winnerbäck albums
Swedish-language albums
Ximena Duque (born January 30, 1985) is a Colombian actress and model.
Biography
Ximena was born in Cali, Valle del Cauca, Colombia, on January 30, 1985 and at age 12 moved to Miami, Florida, where she began to study acting, diction and accent neutralization.
Career
2002–2009: Beginnings
Ximena got her start on the reality show Protagonistas de Novela, dedicated to seeking acting talents. In 2005, she began her acting career in the telenovela Soñar no cuesta nada, where she played Jenny. In 2007, she participated in Pecados Ajenos as María Águilar. The next year is part of the telenovela Valeria playing Ana Lucía Hidalgo. She was also part of the cast of the telenovela El Rostro de Analía, where she shared credits with Elizabeth Gutiérrez. In 2009, she had a minor role in the telenovela Victorinos. Throughout the years, Ximena Duque has acted in several telenovelas with Telemundo.
2010–present: New projects
In 2010, she starred in the telenovela Bella calamidades, a new version of the Cinderella Story. That same year, she also formed part of the cast of the telenovela Alguien te mira, a remake of Chilean telenovela. wherein she co-starred with David Chocarro and Géraldine Bazán. In 2011, she worked for the Univision television network, where she joined the cast of the telenovela Sacrificio de Mujer. During that same year, she had a lead role with Telemundo as Carola Conde joining the cast of La casa de al lado, in which Gabriel Porras and David Chocarro were the lead villains. In 2012, she obtained her second lead role in the telenovela Corazón valiente, with Adriana Fonseca and Fabián Ríos. Through her role in this telenovela, she obtained two awards including "The Perfect Couple" and "The richest Kiss", which she shares with Fabian Rios. In 2013, she starred in the telenovela Santa Diabla, as the main antagonist, in 2014 she won an award for "The Best Bad Girl" in Premios Tu Mundo. In that same year participated in the Web Novela Mía Mundo.
In late August 2014, actor David Chocarro, published through his Twitter a picture next to Ximena, recording the web where they appear novela Villa paraíso, in which she is the protagonist of the story. Ximena also talked a bit about her character in the telenovela that will air on Telemundo's channel:
When finished the recordings of the telenovela, actress ends her contract with Telemundo telenovela Dueños del paraíso, which will be released in 2015, confirmed that the actress would move to Hollywood with Carlos Ponce, for start working in movies and TV series. She then participated in 9 episodes of the popular soap opera Days of Our Lives as Blanca. She then rejoined Telemundo again and starred in ¿Quién es quién? as Clarita for 2 episodes. In 2017 she had her seventh lead role in La Fan as Adriana Zubizarreta.
Personal life
Duque has a son named Christian Carabias Duque, who was born on May 16, 2004.
From 2010 to 2016 she was in a relationship with actor Carlos Ponce.
In December 2016, Duque became engaged to Florida businessman Jay Adkins. The couple married in June 2017. She gave birth to their daughter, Luna Adkins Duque, on January 14, 2018. On February 06, 2021, after twenty hours of labor, she gave birth by Cesarean section to their second daughter Skye Adkins.
Filmography
Films
Television
Web
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
People from Cali
Colombian telenovela actresses
Actresses from Cali
21st-century Colombian actresses
The Jim Rudd Unit a.k.a. the Jim Rudd Transfer Facility is a state prison for men located in Brownfield, Terry County, Texas, owned and operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. This facility was opened in March 1995, and a maximum capacity of 612 male inmates held at various security levels.
The prison was named for Texas political figure Jim Rudd.
References
Prisons in Texas
Terry County, Texas
1995 establishments in Texas
Azanus isis, the white-banded babul blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae which is native to the tropics and subtropics of sub-Saharan Africa.
Range and habitat
It is found in Senegal, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, southern Nigeria, Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, Angola, the DRC, Uganda, Ethiopia, north-western Tanzania and northern Zambia. The habitat consists of forest edges and clearings, woodland and moist savanna.
Habits and food plants
Adult males mud-puddle, visit carcasses and excrement and settle on sweaty clothing and skin. They are attracted to traps baited with rotting shrimp. The larvae feed on Dichrostachys cinerea africana and Dichrostachys glomerata.
References
Butterflies described in 1773
Azanus
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Dru Drury
Römhild () is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 14 km west of Hildburghausen, and 21 km southeast of Meiningen. On 31 December 2012, it merged with the former municipalities Gleichamberg, Haina, Mendhausen, Milz and Westenfeld.
In the Stadtkirche of Römhild is the tomb of Elisabeth (a daughter of Albrecht III Achilles, Elector of Brandenburg) and Hermann VIII of Henneberg. The grave has sometimes been attributed to Herman Vischer the Younger (c.1486–1517), a member of the Vischer Family of Nuremberg.
Sons and daughters of the town
Hans Hut (1490–1527), Anabaptist
Lucas Maius (1522–1598), Protestant theologian and dramatist
Max Saalmüller (1832–1890), Prussian Lieutenant-Colonel and Lepidopterologist
Alfred Götze (1865–1948), Prehistorian, honorary citizen 1929
References
External links
Albrecht Dürer drawing for Römhild
Parish church of Römhild
Private Site about Römhild
Hildburghausen (district)
Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen
Johnson v. United States may refer to the following opinions of the Supreme Court of the United States:
Johnson v. United States (1895), 157 U.S. 320 (1895), an 1895 opinion
Johnson v. United States (1896), 160 U.S. 546 (1896), an 1896 opinion
Johnson v. United States (1948 Fourth Amendment case), 333 U.S. 10 (1948), a 1948 opinion involving the requirement for a search warrant under the Fourth Amendment
Johnson v. United States (1948 b), 333 U.S. 46 (1948), a 1948 opinion involving the liability of a shipowner for an accident
Johnson v. United States (2000), 529 U.S. 694 (2000), involving the rights of those serving federal probation and supervised release
Johnson v. United States (2005), 544 U.S. 295 (2005), an opinion of the 2004 term, involving the statute of limitations under the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 for prisoners seeking to modify their federal sentence
Johnson v. United States (2010), 559 U.S. 133 (2010), a decision involving the Armed Career Criminal Act
Johnson v. United States (2015), 576 U.S. ___ (2015), involving the constitutionality of the residual clause of the Armed Career Criminal Act
See also
United States v. Johnson (disambiguation)
Art of the Duo is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and saxophonist Jim Pepper recorded in 1988 and released on the German Tutu label.
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except where noted.
"Ticket to Tokyo" — 4:49
"Ruby, My Dear" (Thelonious Monk) — 6:45
"Bathing Beauties" (Jim Pepper) — 6:18
"Over the Rainbow" [Take One] (Harold Arlen, Yip Harburg) — 2:27
"Over the Rainbow" [Take Two] (Arlen, Harburg) — 3:23
"Spinning at Trixi" — 6:34
"Good Bait" (Tadd Dameron) 6:54
"You're No Bunny Unless Some Bunny Loves You" (Pepper, Waldron) — 4:12
"A Pepper Poem, Pt. 1" (Jim Pepper) — 2:05
"A Pepper Poem, Pt. 2" (Jim Pepper) — 2:10
"Willy's Blues" (Jim Pepper) — 4:45
"What Is This Thing Called Love?" (Cole Porter) — 5:56
"How Long Has This Been Going On?" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) — 6:33
"Indian Water" (Jim Pepper) — 7:21
Recorded at Trixi Studios in Munich, West Germany on April 5 & December, 1988
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Jim Pepper — tenor saxophone. soprano saxophone
References
1988 albums
Mal Waldron albums
Kiten may refer to:
Kiten, Burgas Province, a resort town on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast
Kiten, Varna Province, a village in Varna Province, Bulgaria
Kiten (program), a Japanese Kanji learning tool
Yongjian (永建) may refer to:
Yongjian, Yunnan, a town in Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County, Yunnan, China
Yongjian (126–132), the era name used by Emperor Shun of Han
Yongjian (420–421), the era name used by Li Xun, ruler of Western Liang
Julian Bennett (May 3, 1929 – October 27, 2013) was a Democratic politician and a member of the Florida House of Representatives for Bay County (1961–1966). He was born in Panama City, Florida.
He was a Presbyterian. In 1951, he received an LLB from Stetson University. He served in the Infantry of the United States Army from 1951 - 1952. From 1952 to 1954, he served as a lieutenant in the Judge Advocate Generals office. He was elected to the Florida House in 1960. On October 27, 2013, he died in Panama City at the age of 84.
Sources
Morris, Allen, compiler. The Florida Handbook 1963-1964. pg 149. Peninsula Publishing. Tallahassee. 1963.
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
1929 births
Florida Democrats
2013 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
The garnet pitta (Erythropitta granatina) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest. It is threatened by habitat loss. The form occurring in the Malaysian state of Sabah has been split as the black-crowned pitta (Erythropitta ussheri).
Diet
The garnet pitta is an insectivore, feeding mainly on ants, wood grubs, cockroaches, and beetles.
Characteristics
The Garnet pitta is about 17 cm long. The bird has a black head with a bright blue stripe at the eyebrows and a red cap. The breast is dark blue at the top, and carmine red beneath. The back and wings are bright blue. Juvenile pittas have a mostly brown color (see illustration).
Breeding
Pairs mate between March and August. A pair will lay a clutch of two eggs.
Status
The Garnet pitta is considered as near threatened on the IUCN red list. Its natural habitat is threatened by systematic illegal deforestation and damaging forest fires.
References
garnet pitta
Birds of Malesia
garnet pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1960 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 30th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 4 September 1960 Kilkenny won the championship following a 7-12 to 1-11 defeat of Tipperary in the All-Ireland final. This was their fifth All-Ireland title and their first in ten championship seasons.
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Ulster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Lou Swarz (born Lucille Henrietta Schwartz; May 1897 – date of death unknown) was an American actress who performed monologues in one-woman shows and featured in films during the 1930s through the 1950s. Her success drew an invitation from Eleanor Roosevelt to the summer White House. She also hosted radio shows and hosted performances at the 1939 New York World's Fair. She was also a teacher of theatre and beauty at Douglass University and other vocational schools, before becoming a sports columnist for The New York Age and having several syndicated columns.
Afterwards, she became a beauty consultant and then editor and director for the Global News Syndicate. She was simultaneously signed as a radio show host for her personal show, The Homemakers Club, that covered beauty tips, local news, and gospel music. She received multiple honors throughout her life for her community service work with her sorority Zeta Phi Beta and for her ongoing community engagement through her radio show, with her "La Cheerios" program sending positive cheer cards to people in hospitals and her "Teen Town" program to help reduce juvenile delinquency among African American teenagers being specifically praised.
Childhood and education
Swarz was born in May 1897 in St. Louis, Missouri, to Amanda and Henry Boone Schwartz. Given the name Lucille H. Schwartz by her parents, she went through a number of alternative stage names, shortening it to Lou Swarz before changing to Linda Lou and then Caol Wallis for a short time before returning to Lou Swarz and later, in the 1950s, changing to Lou LuTour.
Career
As a monologue performer
In the mid 1930s, Swarz became a dean at Herman Dreer's Douglass University at its School of Expression based on theater and drama. The same decade saw her begin her practice of skits and character acts in front of an audience, including drama monologues that involved using multiple different voices to play characters. For these one-woman shows she performed as characterizations of figures such as Hattie Tyson from Zora Neal Hurston's novel Jonah's Gourd Vine, a French mademoiselle who falls for an American G.I. during World War I, a gypsy fortune teller, Phillis Wheatley, and Sojourner Truth. She was highly praised for her portrayal of Truth during her primary performance at the 1938 National Baptist Convention. She also continued working in 1939 as a head English assistant in St. Louis for the Booker T. Washington Vocational Training School.
While she had been doing her performances since 1933 in the Midwest and Southwest, her official debut in New York was not until July 1939 at The Town Hall. From that point on, she became nationally known for her "One Woman Show" featuring monologue impressions of historic African Americans. Her shows garnered comparisons to the monologue work of Cornelia Otis Skinner. The following months saw Swarz invited by Eleanor Roosevelt to perform at the summer White House and she took the opportunity to give two performances at the 1939 New York World's Fair. Despite the sudden success of her show performances, Swarz had accrued debts over time and had to file for bankruptcy in February 1940.
From 1942, Swarz began doing a series of shows for the United Service Organizations at various army camps throughout the country and bringing gifts for the soldiers. This program was done in concert with Red Cross relief efforts. Alongside her Zeta sorority, Swarz spent three to four days a month doing USO performance tours until the end of World War II. She afterwards began doing a series of national tours in 1945, having added new monologues to her repertoire. In addition to starring in films, she also became Director of Negro Publicity for Jack Goldberg's Herald Pictures in 1947 and obtained her own press secretary, Wanda Macy. She further employed a personal assistant who was a fellow Zeta sorority member, Cecile Walker.
Theodore Hubbard became Swarz's professional theatrical manager in the summer of 1947 and she later used her newspaper column to help reunite Hubbard with his long-estranged sister. Swarz conducted another tour of shows across the Southern and Midwestern states in the final months of 1947, along with a stop in Hollywood, and in North Carolina in early 1948, with her performances focusing on black colleges and universities throughout the states.
As a columnist
Swarz became a columnist for The New York Age newspaper in 1945. She reported on sports events, including the August 22, 1945, Jimmy Bivins vs Archie Moore boxing match. This made her the first black woman to be a sports reporter for a national press chain. She later started her own newspaper column named "Lou Swarz' Jottings"; after the column obtained an international audience she considered renaming it "Around The Globe", before deciding to call it "Global Jotting(s)".
As a beauty consultant
Swarz held a School of Charm in St. Louis, and taught "Charm and Personality Development" classes in 1947 for the Sepia Hollywood Modeling Group. She also acted as beauty consultant for Global News Syndicate through 1951, before becoming associate editor for the company and then associate director by 1955. At the same time, she had an ongoing newspaper column called "Charm.." that covered beauty, fashion, and other tips on how to portray oneself.
As a radio host
Before moving to New York for her theatre debut in 1939, Swarz had run a radio show in her home town of St. Louis. In September 1952, Swarz was given her own daily radio show on the WWRL station in New York. Her show, The Homemakers Club, ran daily during the work week at 9 am, focusing on presenting recipes, beauty tips, general news, and different special features each day of the week involving community figures. The immediate success of the show resulted in her being signed to a daytime radio program with the WHOM station before the end of September. This new program was expanded to broadcast from Monday through Saturday for an hour and a half in the afternoon. The first half hour had the same segments and specials as Swarz's WWRL program, but the following hour was entirely gospel music in a program titled the Gospel Songfest where Swarz acted as disc jockey.
Awards and honors
In June 1938, Swarz was awarded an honorary master's degree in drama by Douglass University, making her the youngest at the time to receive one and the first solo actress and third actress to receive one. In 1939 the St. Louis branch of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks gave Swarz an award, a wooden plaque replica of her own image, for her sorority and civic work. The Lou Swarz chapter of the Women's Defense Corps was named in her honor for her efforts to support the US military during World War II, and she personally received the citation given to the unit in July 1944. An award in recognition for her radio work was given to Swarz in May 1953 by the Vocational Guidance and Workshop center in New York. The St. Louis Argus presented her with one of their annual awards in 1964 for her humanitarian work with her sorority to help cheer up people in hospitals.
Personal life
In 1938 Swarz helped to create the Vogue League of Expression, an organization for speakers and monologue performers on stage. As a member of the Zeta Phi Beta sorority, Swarz was involved in community outreach and social improvement projects. She acted as a member of the Xi Zeta chapter and began in the 1930s with the rank of Basileus. A "6 Point" program was organized by Swarz in November 1938 to focus on particular avenues of activity for the sorority, including educational, civic, social, charitable, cultural, and spiritual outreach branches. She presented a number of new projects in 1939 involving creating and expanding recreational centers and nurseries in "neglected localities" in major cities. By 1942, she had been promoted to the rank of national Epistoleus in the sorority.
A program started by Swarz in the mid-1940s and made an official program for the Zeta sorority in 1947 was the "La Cheerios" group that involved sending cheer cards to hospitals across the country every month and especially around holidays. Another program established by Swarz around the same time was the "Teen Town" system, which focused on reducing juvenile delinquency around New York where she first created it. She created the program in collaboration with the Salvation Army Red Shield Club. Swarz left her position as publicity director for the sorority in 1953 after starting her radio show in New York.
Swarz acted as the leader of the women's group in the J. Finley Wilson Elks club.
She had three sisters, Pearl Schwartz, Sarah Schwartz, and Vernedine Jennings.
Theater
The Wingless Victory (1940) as Toala
Lysistrata (1946) as Thebian woman
Radio
The Homemakers Club on WWRL and WHOM
The Black Spider (1942) (Radio play) on WEW
Filmography
Big Timers (1945) as Cora Washburn
Tall, Tan, and Terrific (1946)
House-Rent Party (1946) as Mrs. Johnson
References
External links
1897 births
American film actresses
American stage actresses
20th-century American actresses
American humorists
Women humorists
Actresses from St. Louis
Women radio presenters
American women radio journalists
Radio personalities from St. Louis
African-American women journalists
African-American sports journalists
1939 New York World's Fair artists
American consultants
20th-century American journalists
20th-century African-American women
20th-century American women writers
Arthrobacter globiformis is a Gram-positive bacterium species from the genus of Arthrobacter.
Description and Significance
Arthrobacter globiformis was first discovered by H. J. Conn in 1928. These bacteria were initially found in large quantities in various types of soil. They start as Gram-negative rods before becoming Gram-positive cocci over time. They may also become large, oval-shaped cells called cystite by growing them in very high carbon to nitrogen ratio environments. These bacteria have cell walls that contain polysaccharides (with monomers glucose, galactose, and rhamnose), peptidoglycan, and phosphorus. They may also have flagella as well. Notably, A. globiformis and its antigens and proteins are commercially available for use in research, food production, biodegradation, and water/wastewater treatment.
Metabolism
A. globiformis can break down substances in the soil such as agricultural chemicals, chromium, etc. They are primarily aerobic, but they can survive anaerobically using lactate, acetate, and ethanol producing fermentation for growth. Most are heterotrophic, meaning they cannot produce their own food. The choline oxidase activity of A. globiformis has been extensively characterized and is important for the production of glycine betaine, one of the few soluble osmotic regulators used by most cells.
Genome and Genetics
The complete genome of A. globiformis has been sequenced using whole-genome shotgun sequencing. The genomes of three strains are available for public use. The genome is approximately 4.89 million base pairs long, containing 4305 proteins and a 66.1% GC content. Two major phylogenetic clades exist within the Arthrobacter genus, the A. globiformis/A. citreus group and the A. nicotianae group. These two clades differ mainly in their peptidoglycan structure, teichoic acid content, and lipid composition.
Further reading
References
External links
Type strain of Arthrobacter globiformis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteria described in 1947
Bacteria described in 1928
Micrococcaceae
The slaty-headed tody-flycatcher (Poecilotriccus sylvia) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, and one of twelve in the genus Poecilotriccus.
It is found in Belize, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, French Guiana, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
Further reading
slaty-headed tody-flycatcher
Birds of Central America
Birds of Belize
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Brazil
slaty-headed tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Empress Zhang ( 237–264), personal name unknown, was an empress of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period. She was the daughter of the Shu general Zhang Fei and a younger sister of Empress Jing'ai. In 237, she became an Imperial Consort (貴人) of the Shu emperor Liu Shan. She became empress in February 238, succeeding her elder sister, who had died in the previous year.
Life
Empress Zhang's father was the famous general Zhang Fei and her mother was the niece of Xiahou Yuan from the rival state of Cao Wei. She was the sister of Empress Jing'ai and Zhang Bao. Brought to the harem in 237 as an honourable lady and in February 238, with Liu Shan making arrangements within the family including declaring his heir, she succeeded her late sister with Xiang Lang sent to bestow the seal of office.
In 249, following Sima Yi coup d'etat against Cao Shuang, a fellow regent of Cao Wei, Sima Yi recalled Xiahou Ba and famed relative Xiahou Xuan to the capital while sending Ba's rival Guo Huai to become commander in the west. While Xiahou Xuan accepted the orders, Xiahou Ba fled to Shu-Han despite his father's death fighting Shu-Han. With Ba badly injured in Hanzhong, Liu Shan sought to smooth potential tensions by pointing to a son (unclear which one) of Xiahou maternal blood to show they were kin and treated Xiahou Ba generously.
In 264, after Shu Han was conquered by the rival state of Cao Wei, Empress Zhang accompanied Liu Shan and her entire family to the Wei capital Luoyang.
In popular culture
Empress Zhang is first introduced as a playable character in the fifth instalment of Koei's Dynasty Warriors video game series. She was omitted from Dynasty Warriors 6, but was reintroduced in Dynasty Warriors 7 and has been present since. She is given the fictional name "Xingcai" (星彩) in the games. Although there is no mention of her sister throughout the series, the Scholar Quiz of Dynasty Warriors 7 confirms that Xingcai is the second empress of Liu Shan.
See also
Shu Han family trees
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
References
Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
Robert Joe Cutter and William Gordon Crowell. Empresses and Consorts: Selections from Chen Shou's Records of the Three States with Pei Songzhi's Commentary. Honolulu: University of Hawai'i Press, 1999.
|-
Shu Han empresses
Thaumatovalva deprinsorum is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Alicia E. Timm and John Wesley Brown in 2014. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where it has been recorded from middle elevations (1,200 to 1,810 meters).
The length of the forewings is 6.5–8.2 mm for males and about 8 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown, irregularly and faintly mixed with specks of charcoal, rust and cream. There is an inconspicuous pair of tiny cream dots ringed with orange near the distal end of the discal cell, as well as a narrow cream irregular band extending along the termen. The hindwings are nearly uniform brown. Adults have been recorded from November to December and in May.
Etymology
The species is named in honour of Willy and Jurate De Prins.
References
Moths described in 2014
Grapholitini
The King of the Two Day Wonder is a 1979 Australian film. It was directed by Kevin Anderson, and starred Walter Dobrowolski and Sigrid Thornton. Anderson's first dramatic film, it was made with a low budget over a period of four years. It was screened at the 1978 Chicago International Film Festival, (where it was nominated for a Gold Hugo Award.) and the Mannheim International Film Festival in 1978.
Plot
A writer of pulp detective novels has trouble finishing his latest book. The film follows him through a creative dilemma.
Cast
Walter Dobrowolski as Robert Damien / Blake
Sigrid Thornton as Christy
Allen Bickford as Barry
James Robertson as Assassin
Maureen O'Loughlin as Ondine
Reception
The film was not a commercial success. It has been noted for technical sophistication and creative cinematography, but criticized for being overly stylistic.
References
External links
King of the Two Day Wonder at National Film and Sound Archive
Facebook page for the film
1979 films
Australian independent films
1970s English-language films
1970s Australian films
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards#U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
1951 in American sports
Pseudodipsas is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae with six species, two of which are unnamed. They are found in areas of Australia and New Guinea.
Species
Pseudodipsas eone (C. & R. Felder, 1860)
Pseudodipsas cephenes Hewitson, 1874 - Cephenes blue
Pseudodipsas aurea Sands, 1976
Pseudodipsas una (D'Abrera, 1971)
References
Luciini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Baron Cajetan von Felder
Taxa named by Rudolf Felder
Berthold Ludwig Wolpe (29 October 1905 – 5 July 1989) was a German calligrapher, typographer, type designer, book designer and illustrator. He was born into a Jewish family at Offenbach near Frankfurt, emigrated to England soon after the Nazis came to power in 1935 and became a naturalized British citizen in 1947. He was made a Royal Designer for Industry in 1959, awarded an honorary doctorate by the Royal College of Art in 1968 and appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1983. He died in London in 1989.
Career
Wolpe began his career as an apprentice in a firm of metalworkers, followed by four years as a student of Rudolf Koch at the Offenbach Kunstgewerbeschule. In 1932 he visited London and met Stanley Morison, who invited Wolpe to design a printing type of capital letters for the Monotype Corporation. The typeface, Albertus, was first shown in 1935 and completed in 1940.
When World War II was declared Wolpe, along with other German nationals living in England, was sent to an internment camp in Australia. He was permitted to return to England in 1941 and joined the production department at Faber and Faber. His use of Albertus and hand-painted lettering became strongly identified with Faber jackets in the years that followed, and continued from 1958 on the Faber paper covered Editions. He remained at Faber until his retirement in 1975 and is estimated to have designed over 1,500 book covers and dust jackets.
In addition to Albertus, Wolpe designed several other typefaces. He also taught at the Frankfurt and Offenbach School of Art (1929–33), Camberwell School of Art (1948–53), Royal College of Art (1956–57) and City & Guilds of London School of Art.
A retrospective exhibition of Wolpe's career was held at the V&A Museum in 1980 with Wolpe's involvement, and another in Mainz in 2006. In 2017 Wolpe's font design publisher Monotype released its Berthold Wolpe Collection, a set of updated digitisations of five Wolpe typefaces, and promoted them with an exhibition of Wolpe's work at the Type Museum in London.
Typefaces
Hyperion (1932), for the Bauer Foundry
Albertus (c. 1932-40), Wolpe's most popular typeface.
Pegasus, a roman typeface with similarities to Albertus, in Walter Tracy's words: "a roman with something of the angularity of the gothic." Less popular than Albertus, privately revived by Matthew Carter for the 1980 exhibition on Wolpe's work, adding an italic and bold. A digitisation was released in 2013 by Dinamo, and another in 2017 by Toshi Omagari as part of Monotype's Wolpe Collection. Omagari's digitisation is used extensively by Tortoise Media.
Tempest Titling (1935), an all-caps slanted display sans-serif for the Fanfare Press.
Sachsenwald (1937-8), a modernised blackletter. Never widely released due to the war, digitised 2017.
Fanfare, a slanted condensed display sans-serif for the Fanfare Press.
Decorata (1955)
LPTB Italic (1973), an italic companion to London Underground's Johnston typeface
Publications
In 1959: A newe writing booke of copies, 1574, A fascimile of a unique Elisabethan Writing book in the Bodleian Library Oxford, Lion and Unicorn Press, London. In this book Wolpe added an introduction, notes and translations of the written texts in the original.
In 1960, Wolpe published Renaissance Handwriting: An Anthology of Italic Scripts, co-authored with Alfred Fairbank, World Publishing Company & Faber and Faber
In 1967, Wolpe prepared revived editions of the early nineteenth century specimen books of London typefounder Vincent Figgins.
In 1975, Wolpe published a monograph on the Elizabethan writing-master John de Beauchesne. The Life & Work of: John de Beauchesne & the First English Writing-books was published in a limited edition of 50 copies for the Society for Italic Handwriting, and was subsequently republished as a chapter in A. S. Osley's Scribes and Sources (1980).
Personal life
His wife was fellow artist Margaret Wolpe (née Smith; sculptor and silversmith) and his children are Paul (doctor); Toby (technology journalist); Sarah [Wolpe-Lawrence] (designer and basket maker); Deborah [Hopson-Wolpe] (potter and printmaker – who uses BLW's Albertus typeface in her work).
References
External links
Sachsenwald type specimen
1905 births
1989 deaths
German typographers and type designers
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People from Offenbach am Main
Sports in Malawi have been shaped by its history as a colony in the old British Empire, the most popular sports coming from Britain.
Football
Football is the most popular sport in Malawi. It is played by boys at all levels from makeshift village playfields to prep school league competition. Malawi fields a national football team. The country's biggest success was a third place finish at the 1987 All-Africa Games. This was the last year national football teams were allowed to play in the All-Africa Games. Since 1991, only under-23 teams are allowed to play.
Netball
Netball has long been a popular sport for schoolgirls. Malawi is a full member of the International Federation of Netball Associations, and is currently ranked sixth internationally. The Malawi national netball team has put Malawi on the African map, qualifying for and coming first in regional tournaments such as the COSANA tournament. Malawi have competed at two Netball World Championships, and one Commonwealth Games. At the 2007 Netball World Championships, Malawi finished fifth beating strong teams such as Wales, Cooks Islands, and South Africa.
Malawi's biggest sport achievement so far comes from Netball. The team earned a bronze medal at the 2016 Fast5 Netball World Series, the most important Fast5 netball tournament in the world. On continental level, Malawi earned the title of the 2012 Netball Africa Championship.
Athletics
Athletics and cross-country running have also been developing since Malawian independence. A pioneer in the systematic training of talented young runners is Dr. Harold Salmon, a Peace Corps Volunteer who served in Malawi from 1966-1968. Smartex Tambala represented Malawi at the Olympic Games in 1992 in Barcelona, Spain. He competed in the Marathon road race. From the year 2000, there has been an improvement in the quality of athletes, the most notable of whom is Catherine Chikwakwa, silver medallist at the 2004 World Junior Championships in Athletics. There are other runners from the University of Malawi and the Army who have shown significant progress.
Basketball
In post-colonial Malawi, basketball has also taken hold principally through the efforts of Peace Corps volunteers from the USA in the mid 1960s. The African Bible College has further contributed to the growth of basketball, by bringing professionals from the USA to hold coaching clinics and also sending some of the best players to the USA.
Basketball is mostly made possible by individuals who provide university scholarships. Yet, sports scholarships in general are very rare in Malawi.
One of the recipients for a basketball school scholarship was Sharo Charlottie Kaiche, who as of 2021 is Youth Development Officer for the Likuni Gators, a spiritual based basketball and character development club with activities in four schools.
She works with all of the 3 zonal regions of Malawi for future success especially for U16, U18 and 3x3 basketball.
As of 2021, Sharo has also been the Vice Captain of the Lilongwe Arkangles, a contender for the top women's basketball team in Malawi. She further coaches the Next Gen Academy and Catalyst Basketball Movement.
Other sports
Just like basketball, volleyball has taken hold principally through Peace Corps Volunteers from the USA in the mid 1960s.
See also
Malawi at the Olympics
References
The Almedalen Week (Almedalsveckan, also known as Politician's Week in Almedalen, Politikerveckan i Almedalen) is an annual event taking place in week 26 in and around Almedalen, a park in the city of Visby on the Swedish island Gotland.
With speeches, seminars and other political activities, it is considered to be the most important forum in Swedish politics. During the week, representatives from the major political parties in Sweden take turns to make speeches in Almedalen.
It has inspired similar events to be held in other countries, like Suomi-Areena in Finland, Arendalsuka in Norway, Arvamusfestival in Estonia and Folkemødet at the island of Bornholm in Denmark.
History
The origin of the Almedalen Week was the speeches made by Olof Palme during several summers in Almedalen. He was in Visby because he and his family used to spend their summers at Fårö. It started with an improvised gathering that Palme, then education minister and candidate for the position of party leader for the Social Democratic party, and another party leader candidate, Krister Wickman had on 25July 1968. Palme made his speech from the back of a flatbed truck at Kruttornet by the Almedalen park. The audience was a couple of hundred people.
Because of the origin of the Almedalen Week, Almedalen is sometimes nicknamed "Palmedalen".
The first official Almedalen Week took place in 1982, when the Social Democrats started to organise economic seminars. As a response, the other political parties started to take a more active part. The first time all of the major party leaders were present was in 1982.
In the middle of the 1980s, the week almost ceased to be. In the summer following the assassination of Olof Palme in 1986, only the Green Party and the Left Party
were present. The rest of the parties expressed that political speeches in Almedalen were too associated with Palme as a person. Ingvar Carlsson, who became prime minister after Palme's death, said that he chose to hold his speeches at other locations in Visby during the following years out of respect for Palme. He only started speaking in Almedalen after having been persuaded to do so by Palme's widow, Lisbet Palme.
21st century
In recent years, the event has grown larger, with hordes of journalists, lobbyists, local and national politicians, employees from local, regional and national organisations and representatives of non-governmental organizations all coming to Visby to meet, discuss politics and socialize. As of 2015, it is the biggest and most important forum in Sweden for seminars, debates and political speeches on current social issues. In 2014, 3,513 activities were held, 866 journalists were accredited and over 30,000 participants were at the event. One important factor is that all seminars are free of charge. The absolute majority of them are also open to everybody.
On 6 July 2022, during a speech the psychiatrist Ing-Marie Wieselgren died after being stabbed by a right-wing extremist. The stabbing occurred near to a stage where Centre Party leader Annie Lööf was about to give a press conference. After the fatal stabbing, the perpetrator was apprehended by a pensioner and shortly thereafter arrested by police.
The number of activities, participants and journalists covering the week has increased during the years. These are the official numbers:
Organization
Almedalen Week is an annual event taking place in week 27 in and around Almedalen, a park in the city of Visby. It is coordinated by Gotland Municipality and the cost of the different activities is carried by the organization responsible for it. Each day of the week is dedicated to one of the political parties represented in the Riksdag, on a rotating schedule. In 2011, the number of days were extended to eight since there were then eight parties in the Riksdag. A number of other lobbyists, organizations, companies and representatives from municipalities and countries are also present.
Getting noticed
With the increasing numbers of activities it has become more difficult for the individual participants to get noticed by spectators and the media. This has resulted in a number of spectacular actions during the years. In 2010, the spokesperson for the Feminist Initiative, Gudrun Schyman, burned SEK 100,000 during a speech about the inequality in wages for men and women. In 2005, actress Kim Anderzon, artist Ernst Billgren, musician Olle Ljungström, among others, declared that a new party, the Kulturpartiet (the Cultural Party), had been created and that they were candidates for the Riksdag.
It was later declared that the party had been an elaborate hoax created by the Riksteatern to raise awareness for cultural issues.
Criticism
Political scientist Maria Wendt has criticized the Almedalen Week and states that it has clarified how much politics in Sweden have become dependent on media, and now conforms to the terms and tools of the press, TV, radio and websites. Wendt says that whereas earlier media would report what went on in politics, it is presently more common to have debates taking place in the media itself. The language and messages delivered by politicians are conformed to fit in the frames provided by TV and newspapers, making comments short, powerful and lacking in nuances. The Almedalen Week is an event where such shortcomings are becoming more visible, according to Wendt. She suggested that instead of dedicating each day to one of the parties, the days should be used to highlight specific issues.
The event as a liminal phase
During the Almedalen Week journalists, politicians and lobbyists socialize in a way that under normal circumstances would not be considered correct. This has been compared to a liminal phase, a term used in social anthropology for when normal rules cease to apply for a short while, like during carnivals, after which everything returns to normal. What has previously been taboo, is allowed for a short while.
Similar events in other countries
Similar events have been held in Finland, Denmark and Norway. The Finnish event is called SuomiAreena, started in 2006 in the city of Pori. The Danish event was started in 2011, on the Bornholm island. A Norwegian version of the week was held at Eidsvoll. The event was scheduled to take place in Arendal again in 2011, but was postponed because of the 2011 Norway attacks. The event is now back. In 2007, a South Korean delegation came to Visby to study the concept of the Almedalen Week. According to political scientist Yonhyok Choe, the island of Jeju is a likely candidate for the event. In 2013, the Arvamusfestival in Estonia was started.
Quote
Almedalen Week visitor Dennis Kucinich commented on the event:
In 2014, the Almedalen Week was profiled by the US program Democracy Now!.
Speakers at Almedalen Week
These are the main speakers since 1968 in chronological order.
Gallery
References
Further reading
Olof Palme
Political congresses
Politics of Sweden
Visby
Political and economic think tanks based in Europe
1968 establishments in Sweden
Recurring events established in 1968
Julius H. Huber (March 23, 1852 - October 21, 1939) was a prominent architect in Chicago, Illinois. He is especially known for his work in Edgewater, Chicago. Clarence Hatzfeld's early architectural training was largely in Huber's office. At least one building he designed is on the National Register of Historic Places. He is buried in Rosehill Cemetery. Huber designed churches, breweries, Brand's Hall at Clark and Erie streets, residences, apartments, stores and office buildings. His firm also worked on coal sheds, docks, and coal-handling machinery.
Works
14-16 East Pearson duplex, listed on the National Register of Historic Places
14 East Chestnut townhouse (1895) (since demolished)
621-627 ? (1887) a four-unit row house
631 West Fullerton townhouse (1889)
163-173 West North Avenue (1886), a multi-unit
1054 West Oakdale residence (1886)
3221 S. Calumet (1885), converted into a Bed & Breakfast
Edgewater
He designed and lived in:
5510 N. Magnolia
5532 North Lakewood
5539 N. Wayne.
He designed 12 other houses in the Lakewood Balmoral addition to Edgewater developed by John Lewis Cochran.
Other projects included:
5222 North Lakewood residence (1898-1901)
4519 North Virginia residence (1916)
6640 Ashland (1916), a three-flat
References
American architects
1852 births
1939 deaths
Barka N. Sy (born 22 July 1943) is a Senegalese sprinter. He competed in the 100 metres at the 1968, 1972 and the 1976 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal in the 100 metres at the 1973 All-Africa Games.
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Senegalese male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Senegal
African Games silver medalists for Senegal
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1973 All-Africa Games
20th-century Senegalese people
21st-century Senegalese people
William C. Palmer (1906–1987) was an American painter who created public murals.
Biography
William Charles Palmer was born in 1906, in Des Moines, Iowa. He studied at the Art Students League under Boardman Robinson, Thomas Hart Benton, and Kenneth Hayes Miller, and studied fresco painting at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts, Fontainebleau, France. During the depression he was taken on at 24 dollars a week to paint murals funded by the Public Works of Art Project. He was a member of the American Society of Painters, Sculptors and Gravers, and the Audubon Society. He was also a vice-president of the National Society of Mural Painters. He was director emeritus of the Munson-Williams-Proctor Institute School of Art in Utica, New York.
Palmer retired in 1971 from the Utica school which he had founded thirty years before. He died at his home in 1987 in Clinton, New York.
Paintings
His work has been displayed worldwide including at the Paris Salon (1937), National Academy of Design (1946), Art Institute of Chicago, Museum of Modern Art in New York City, and the Kansas City Art Institute. His works are included in the collections of the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute, the White House, Cranbrook Academy of Art, the National Gallery in Washington and the Metropolitan Museum of Art. His paintings are also on display at the U.S. Post Offices in Arlington, Massachusetts and Monticello, Iowa and at the William Jefferson Clinton Federal Building in Washington, D.C.. The mural based on Pasteur at the Queens General Hospital in Jamaica, New York has been said to be used to teach doctors and nurses.
Palmer was said to have made a sketch every day. After his wife's death, his paintings and papers were left to Hamilton College. An exhibition of his work was created in 2009.
Gallery
References
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Painters from Iowa
Artists from Des Moines, Iowa
1906 births
1987 deaths
Art Students League of New York alumni
Federal Art Project artists
American tempera painters
People from Clinton, Oneida County, New York
American muralists
20th-century American male artists
Section of Painting and Sculpture artists
Ungifted is a 2012 children's novel by Gordon Korman, which contains 31 chapters and 280 pages. The story is told with chapters of alternating perspectives. The plot revolves around Donovan Curtis, a troublemaker that gets wrapped up in a major prank gone wrong. Due to an accident caused by the superintendent, Donovan gets sent to the Academy of Scholastic Distinction (ASD), a school for gifted and talented students. The rest of the novel is spent on Donovan avoiding being caught while helping the students of ASD through his own special gifts.
A television series adaptation is currently in the works and will air on Nickelodeon.
Plot
Donovan Curtis considers himself ungifted (the opposite of gifted). He is, instead, a prankster and troublemaker. One day, one of his pranks goes too far in causing a commotion. He strikes a statue which disrupts a basketball game. Although no one is injured, the gym is destroyed, with repairs for the damage that was done to the gym being prohibitively expensive. The district superintendent, Dr. Schultz, who was at the game, catches Donovan red-handed. However, after he jots down Donovan's name, his assistant thinks it is the list of candidates for the Academy for Scholastic Distinction (ASD), a school for extremely gifted students.
Donovan expects the mishap and his escape from punishment will eventually be discovered and feels that he will cause more stress to his already stressed household. His older sister, Katie, is currently staying with them and is seven months pregnant. Katie's husband Brad is a Marine who is deployed in Afghanistan. Adding to the pressure, Katie's mother-in-law leaves Brad's dog, Beatrice, who seems to be ill (but was later revealed to be pregnant) and only takes a liking to Donovan. However, after Donovan learns of the error that is sending him to ASD, he is filled with joy by the mistake.
On his first day, Donovan meets his classmates, and while some seem to be annoyed by him, some take a liking to him, especially Chloe, a girl interested in normal things. While Donovan continues to hide in the academy, his teachers wonder if he is gifted. Donovan joins Robotics, a class taught by his homeroom teacher Mr. Osborne ("Mr. Oz"). Donovan helps give their robot a name: Tin Man Metallica Squarepants. Donovan introduces his classmate Noah Youkilis, a skinny boy with a high IQ, to YouTube which proves to be addictive to Noah. Donovan also shows his classmates his talent controlling the robot with a joystick.
Eventually, Donovan learns his classmates will have to go to summer school for failing to take Human Growth and Development. To help them, he convinces his sister to teach his classmates, which eventually gets approved. Later, during a school dance at the academy, Donovan's Hardcastle friends, the two Daniels (Daniel Sanderson and Daniel Nussbaum), steal the robot. However, one of the perpetrators is thrashed by Noah, who had learned of professional wrestling via YouTube.
A little bit later, Donovan is told to go to the library to take a test, to which he feels nervous because if he fails it he could be kicked out. However, while taking the test, Donovan discovers that someone had hacked the computer and was taking the test for him.
Later, as the team prepares for the tournament, Dr. Schultz finds a video from Noah's YouTube channel “Youkilicious” and recognizes Donovan as the boy who destroyed the gym. He goes to Academy to Donovan's classroom and tells him that he's been expelled.
Characters
Donovan Curtis
Chloe Garfinkle
Mr. Osborne (Mr. Oz)
Dr. Schultz
Abigail Lee
Noah Youkilis
The Daniels
Katie Patterson
Brad Patterson
Tina Mandly Patterson ( the baby)
Ms. Bevelaqua
Heather
Deidre
Beatrice (the dog)
Awards and achievements
Winner of the 2014 Red Cedar Award (BC Young Readers' Choice)
Short-listed for the 2015 Pacific Northwest Library Association Young Readers' Choice
Short-listed for the 2013 Snow Willow Award (Saskatchewan Young Readers' Choice)
Short-listed for the 2013 Canadian Library Association Book of the Year For Children
Runner-up of the 2014 Manitoba Young Readers' Choice Award
Commended for the 2013 Oregon Library Association Best 2020 Readers Award
Commended for the 2013 Best Books for Kids and Teens, Canadian Children's Book Centre
Reception
Ungifted has received reviews from School Library Journal, Voice of Youth Advocates (VOYA), ALA Booklist, the National Post, Publishers Weekly, New York Times Book Review, the Horn Book Guide, Children's Literature, Junior Library Guild, and Kirkus Reviews. School Library Journal described the story as "unpretentious and universally appealing". Booklist labelled the conclusion as "satisfying". New York Times wrote that the novel is "brisk, heartfelt and timely". Children's Literature described the story as "unique" and the novel as "easily read", "nice" and "safe". Children's Lit also recommended it for "middle school students who don't feel they belong" and as an "ideal selection for classroom study" with "well-developed" characters and "many layers of 'drama'". Voice Of Young Advocates praised the novel by describing Ungifted as "humorous", "quirky", and "feel-good". The novel was also praised as "a gem for readers looking for a story", and the plot as "touching, without being overly sentimental". VOYA recommended Ungifted for "middle school readers who are looking for a funny and quick read".
References
External links
2014 American novels
Novels by Gordon Korman
American children's novels
Novels set in elementary and primary schools
2014 children's books
Balzer + Bray books
The 1831 Coronation Honours were appointments by King William IV to various orders and honours on the occasion of his coronation on 8 September 1831. The honours were published in The London Gazette on 16 September and 27 September 1831.
The recipients of honours are displayed here as they were styled before their new honour, and arranged by honour, with classes (Knight, Knight Commander, etc.) and then divisions as appropriate.
United Kingdom and British Empire
Baronet
Lieutenant-General John Slade
Lieutenant-General Sir William Anson of Birchhall, in the county palatine of Lancaster
Lieutenant-General Kenneth Mackenzie, of Glenbervie, in the county of Kincardine
Vice-Admiral Sir Robert Waller Otway of Brighthelmstone, in the county of Sussex
Major-General Sir Archibald Campbell and Lieutenant-Governor of New Brunswick
Augustus John Foster, of Stone House, in the county of Louth, His Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia
Sir James McGrigor of Campden Hill, in the county of Middlesex, Director-General of the Army Medical Department
Robert Way Harty, of Prospect House, Roebuck, in the county of Dublin Lord Mayor of Dublin
Colonel John Thomas Jones, of Cranmer Hall, in the county of Norfolk
Robert Greenhill-Russell, of Checquers Court, in the county of Buckingham
William Chaytor, of Croft, in the county of York, and of Witton Castle, in the county of Durham
William Wrixon-Becher, of Ballygiblin, in the county of Cork
Joseph Birch, of the Hazles, in the county palatine of Lancaster
Robert Campbell, of Carrick Buoy, in the county of Donegal
Wilfrid Lawson, of Brayton House, in the county of Cumberland
John Nugent Humble, of Cloncoskoran, in the county of Waterford
James Martin Lloyd, of Lancing, in the county of Sussex
James Gibson-Craig, of Riccaiton, in the county of Mid-Lothian
Joseph Barrington, of the city of Limerick
Theodore Henry Lavington Broadhead, of Burton, or Monk-Bretton, in the county of York
John Colman Rashleigh, of Prideaux, in the county of Cornwall
Duncan Campbell, of Barcaldine, in the county of Argyll
Percy Fitzgerald Nugent, of Donore, in the county of Westmeath
John James Garbett Walsham, of Knill Court, in the county of Hereford
William Heygate, of Southend, in the county of Essex, one of the Aldermen of the city of London
Thomas McKenny, one of the Aldermen of the city of Dublin
Henry Meux, of Theobald's Park, in the county of Hertford
Charles Mansfield Clarke of Dunham Lodge, in the county of Norfolk, one of the Physicians in Ordinary to Her Majesty
Knight Bachelor
George Magrath and Surgeon in the Royal Navy
Lieutenant-Colonel Frederic Smith, Commanding Engineer of the London District, Knight of the Royal Hanoverian Guelphic Order
Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Anderson Knight of the Royal Portuguese Military Order of the Tower and Sword
Thomas Brancker, Mayor of Liverpool
Robert Gill, Lieutenant of His Majesty's Guard of Yeomen of the Guard
Henry Cipriani, Senior Exon of His Majesty's Guard of Yeomen of the Guard
Henry Bromley Hinrich, Lieutenant of His Majesty's Honourable Band of Gentlemen Pensioners
Richard Burton, Senior Member of His Majesty's Honourable of Gentlemen Pensioners
Colonel Michael McCreagh of the 13th Light Infantry Regiment Knight Commander of the Royal Portuguese Military Order of the Tower and Sword, and Knight Commander of the Royal Guelphic Order
The Most Honourable Order of the Bath
Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB)
Military Division
East India Company
Major-General Alexander Knox, of the Bengal Infantry
Major-General John W. Adams of the Bengal Infantry
Major-General Henry Worsley of the Bengal Infantry
Major-General Hopetoun S. Scott of the Madras Infantry
Major-General Robert Scot of the Madras Infantry
Major-General Andrew McDowall of the Madras Infantry
Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB)
Military Division
Royal Navy
Captain Richard Curry
Captain the Honourable Frederick Paul Irby
Captain Daniel Woodriff
Captain James Sanders
Captain the Honourable George Elliot
Captain Hugh Pigot
Captain Salusbury Pryce Humphreys
Captain John Tower
Captain William Hennah
Captain William Pryce Cumby
Captain the Honourable Josceline Percy
Captain Andrew King
Army
Colonel Richard Payne, of Hompesch's Rifles
Colonel Charles Nicol, 66th Foot
Colonel Henry King, 82nd Foot
Colonel Frederick Rennell Thackeray, Royal Engineers
Colonel John Boscawen Savage, Royal Marines
Colonel John Francis Birch, Royal Engineers
Colonel Henry Phillott, Royal Artillery
Colonel Robert McCleverty, Royal Marines
Colonel William Howe Knight Erskine, Bradshaw's Levy
Colonel the Honourable Lincoln Stanhope, Unattached
Colonel John Grey, 5th Foot
Colonel Sir Henry Watson Portuguese Service
Colonel Charles Ashe à Court, 1st Greek Light Infantry
Colonel Charles William Pasley, Royal Engineers
Colonel John Gillies, 40th Foot
Colonel Henry Charles Edward Vernon Graham, Unattached
Colonel Sir Robert John Harvey, Portuguese Service
Colonel Robert Waller, Assistant Quartermaster-General
Colonel Alexander Thomson, 98th Foot
Colonel John Duffy, Unattached
Colonel Jacob Tonson, 37th Foot
Colonel William Alexander Gordon, 95th Foot
Colonel Lord George William Russell, Unattached
Colonel James Fergusson, 52nd Foot
Colonel Andrew Creagh, 81st Foot
Colonel Robert Pym, Royal Artillery
Colonel Archibald Campbell, 46th Foot
Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Gubbins, 14th Foot
Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Hunter Blair, Unattached
Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Lisle, 19th Dragoons
Lieutenant-Colonel William G. Power, Royal Artillery
Lieutenant-Colonel William Balvaird, Unattached
Lieutenant-Colonel John Macdonald, 92nd Foot
Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Fanshawe, Royal Engineers
Lieutenant-Colonel William Cardon Seton, 88th Foot
Lieutenant-Colonel Elias Lawrence, Royal Marines
Lieutenant-Colonel William Cuthbert Elphinstone-Holloway, Royal Engineers
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Stuart Campbell, 1st Foot
Lieutenant-Colonel George Turner, Royal Artillery
Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Alston Brandreth, Royal Artillery
Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick Campbell, 52nd Foot
Lieutenant-Colonel James Bogle, Unattached
Lieutenant-Colonel John Michell, Royal Artillery
Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Charles Whinyates, Royal Artillery
Major Sir John Scott Lillie 31st Foot
Major Thomas Adams Parke, Royal Marines
Major Henry Ross Gore, 89th Foot
East India Company
Colonel John Rose, of the Bengal Infantry
Colonel Gervase Pennington, of the Bengal Artillery
Colonel James D. Greenhill, of the Madras Infantry
Colonel John Doveton, of the Madras Cavalry
Colonel Fortunatus Hagley Pierce, of the Bombay Artillery
Colonel Robert Pitman, of the Bengal Infantry
Colonel Hastings M. Kelly, of the Madras Infantry
Colonel John Mayne, of the Bombay Infantry
Colonel William Conrad Faithfull, of the Bengal Infantry
Lieutenant-Colonel Francis W. Wilson, of the Madras Infantry
Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Lindsay, of the Bengal Artillery
Lieutenant-Colonel Henry T. Roberts, of the Bengal Cavalry
Lieutenant-Colonel James Caulfield, of the Bengal Cavalry
Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Tickell, of the Bengal Engineers
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Fitzgerald, of the Bengal Cavalry
Lieutenant-Colonel Samuel Hughes, of the Bombay Infantry
Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Smith, of the Bengal Engineers
Major Alexander Manson, of the Bombay Artillery
Major James Nesbitt Jackson, of the Bengal Infantry
Major Archibald Irvine, of the Bengal Engineers
References
1831
1831 awards
1831 in the United Kingdom
September 1831 events
Angaara is a 1996 Indian Hindi-language action film directed by Anil Ganguly, and starring Mithun Chakraborty and Rupali Ganguly , and music was by duo, Dilip Sen and Sameer Sen. It did not do well at the box office.
Plot
Sagar lives with his mother, younger brother and a younger sister. He has never met his father, who had abandoned his mother. Sagar is a thief, a secret not known to anyone else including his family. He uses different disguises to steal from Dhaniram Koilewala and Pascal . Dhaniram and Pascal go to Honda Dada for help. Honda decides to help them. Meanwhile, Sagar comes across a man, Om Prakash who would help him to find his father. Sagar soon finds out that Om has a different plan. Honda and his men too find out who Sagar is and thus Sagar's and his family's life is at risk. How would he save himself and his family from them is the real question.
Cast
Mithun Chakraborty - Sagar
Kamal Sadanah - Vishal
Simran - Pooja Pascal
Sadashiv Amrapurkar - Police Inspector
Rupali Ganguly - Gulabi
Suresh Bhagwat - Gulabi's maternal uncle
Hemant Birje - Chotu
Suresh Chatwal - Gulabi's maternal uncle
Sudhir Dalvi - Sagar's dad
Tarun Ghosh - Vidyacharan
Farida Jalal- Saraswati
Mohan Joshi - Om Prakash
Rami Reddy - Honda Dada
Goga Kapoor - Pascal
Harish Patel - Dhaniram Koilewala
Music
"Dheere Dheere Bolna" - Mohammed Aziz, Kavita Krishnamurthy
"Gore Gore Gal Wali" - Sadhana Sargam, Udit Narayan
"Aara Hile Chhapra Hile" - Udit Narayan, Alka Yagnik
"Tun Tuna" - Abhijeet, Poornima
"Jeevan Hai Sangram Bande" - Kumar Sanu
"Aaja Gori Banki Chhori" - Kavita Krishnamurthy, Kumar Sanu
References
External links
1996 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Mithun's Dream Factory films
Films shot in Ooty
Films scored by Dilip Sen-Sameer Sen
Films directed by Anil Ganguly
Indian action films
East China Sea Peace Initiative is a proposal remarked by Ma Ying-jeou, the president of Taiwan at the opening ceremony of an exhibition in Taipei to mark the 60th anniversary of a peace treaty signed between the Republic of China and Japan following the second Sino-Japan War on August 5, 2012.
It called for shelving the dispute around the East China Sea including the Senkaku (Diaoyutai) Islands and suggested focusing on sharing resource rather than claiming sovereignty.
The initiative calls on the relevant parties to:
1. Refrain from taking any antagonistic actions.
2. Shelve controversies and not abandon dialogue.
3. Observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means.
4. Seek consensus on a code of conduct in the East China Sea.
5. Establish a mechanism for cooperation on exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea.
Former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Japanese from 2011 to 2012, Kōichirō Genba posted the message on Oct 5 2012 through the Interchange Association Japan. He said that "some parts cannot be consented though; its fundamental idea of seeking peaceful solution is corresponded to Japanese recognition". Some Japanese scholars also think the proposal is constructive.
In 2015, in a written statement in response to questions from the House Committee of Foreign Affairs. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said about the existence of competing maritime claims "does not and should not preclude claimants from finding peaceful and effective ways to share and manage resources responsibly" and "this principle, which is enunciated in the East China Sea Peace Initiative, is relevant across maritime Asia".
References
Maritime boundaries
Liszno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Julai is the feature film soundtrack of the 2012 action comedy film of the same name starring Allu Arjun, Ileana D'Cruz, Sonu Sood and Rajendra Prasad. Directed by Trivikram Srinivas, the film's music and background score was composed by Devi Sri Prasad marking his second collaboration after Jalsa in 2008. The official soundtrack album consists of six songs composed by Devi Sri Prasad and Ramajogayya Sastry, Sri Mani and Devi Sri Prasad himself penning the lyrics. The film's soundtrack album was launched on 6 July 2012 in a grand promotional event at Hitex Exhibition Center in Madhapur, Hyderabad on Aditya Music label. The audio received positive response from both critics and audience alike.
Production
Trivikram chose Devi Sri Prasad to compose music for this film post the success of the Soundtrack of Gabbar Singh which would mark his next collaboration with him after Jalsa in 2008 and Devi Sri Prasad's Fourth collaboration with Arjun after Arya, Bunny and Arya 2 in the past. Sri Mani, who was well known for his lyrics in the films 100% Love and Love Failure wrote 3 songs in the film. Devi Sri Prasad too penned lyrics for a song to which popular singer Adnan Sami provided the vocals. Its background music was used in the first teaser which received positive response.
Release
In May 2012, Aditya Music bagged the audio rights of the film for a whopping amount of 7 million. The audio teaser was released in 26 June 2012 by the production house which raised expectations on the audio further. The soundtrack album was officially launched on 6 July 2012 at Hitex Exhibition Center in Madhapur, Hyderabad. Pawan Kalyan attended the function as the chief guest while Allu Arjun, Tamannaah, Dasari Narayana Rao, S. S. Rajamouli, Srinu Vytla, Sai Dharam Tej, Ali, Nagendra Babu, Dil Raju, Harish Shankar, B.V.S.N. Prasad attended the audio function. However Devi Sri Prasad couldn't attend the audio function.
In the UK, the BBC Asian Network radio station officially play listed the track O Madhu on 14 July 2012 marking it as the first Telugu song to be play listed there. In mid-July, the promotional music video of the song Pakado Pakado was released by Devi Sri Prasad in his Twitter, which was canned in Khurshid Jha Devdi College for Women, near Charminar, Hyderabad. The song featured a dance performance by Allu Arjun and Devi Sri Prasad and the vocals been sung only by Devi Sri Prasad while Malgudi Shubha too sang the song in the soundtrack album. The promotional video received terrific response from the audience and was used in the ending credits of the film.
Track listing
Awards and nominations
References
2012 soundtrack albums
Comedy film soundtracks
Devi Sri Prasad soundtracks
Telugu film soundtracks
Aditya Music soundtracks
Taurus Nunataks () is a line of three nunataks running east–west, with only the outer two of any prominence, located 23 nautical miles (43 km) east-northeast of Gurney Point in Palmer Land. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) after the constellation of Taurus.
Nunataks of Palmer Land
The 1952 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 22nd staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Cork entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Tipperary in the Munster semi-final.
On 7 September 1952 Tipperary won the championship following a 9-9 to 2-6 defeat of Dublin in the All-Ireland final. This was their seventh All-Ireland title and their first in three championship seasons.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Paolo Lorenzi and Giancarlo Petrazzuolo were the defending champions, but they decided not to participate this year.
Alessio di Mauro and Alessandro Motti won the doubles title, defeating Nikola Mektić and Ivan Zovko in the finals, 6–2, 3–6, [10–3].
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Trofeo Bellaveglia - Doubles
Orbetello Challenger
Ten Mile Lake or Tenmile Lake may refer to:
Lakes
Ten Mile Lake (Cass County, Minnesota)
Tenmile Lake (Beltrami County, Minnesota)
Ten Mile Lake, in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota
Tenmile Lake (Otter Tail County, Minnesota)
Tenmile Lake (Oregon), in Coos County
Ten Mile Lake (Nova Scotia), in Halifax Regional Municipality
Ten Mile Lake (Great Northern Peninsula), on the Great Northern Peninsula of Newfoundland, Canada
Ten Mile Lake (Eastern Newfoundland), in the eastern part of Newfoundland, Canada
Other
Ten Mile Lake Provincial Park, in British Columbia
Ten Mile Lake Township, Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota
Alaryngeal speech is speech using an airstream mechanism that uses features other than the glottis to create voicing. There are three types: esophageal, buccal, and pharyngeal speech. Each of these uses an alternative method of creating phonation to substitute for the vocal cords in the larynx. These forms of alaryngeal speech are also called "pseudo-voices".
Esophageal speech
Esophageal speech uses air supply to create phonation from the esophagus and pharyngo-esophageal segment to act as a replacement for the glottis. It is usually acquired following speech therapy after laryngectomy as a replacement for laryngeal speech.
Buccal speech
This is created by producing an air bubble between the left (or right) upper jaw and the cheek that can act as an alternative "lung". The person then uses muscular action to drive the air through a small gap between or behind the teeth into the mouth. The sound so produced makes a high rough sound. This then is articulated to make speech. It is usually acquired as a taught or self-learnt skill for entertainment. It can be used as a method of singing. It is also known as Donald Duck talk due to its use by Clarence Charles "Ducky" Nash for the voice of the Disney Donald Duck character.
sung buccal voice can have a range of three octaves (69 Hz to 571 Hz)
maximum duration of phonation for a series of sustained vowels is 2 seconds.
from most intelligible to least: glides, fricatives, plosives, affricates, and nasals.
on rhyme-test 76% of buccal spoken words were intelligible.
buccal speech is more than two octaves above that of esophageal speakers (this gives it a raised pitch compared to normal speech).
The VoQS indication for buccal speech is {ↀ}. For example, a buccal raspberry (interdental trill) can be written .
Pharyngeal speech
This is created by producing the air supply needed for phonation in the pharynx and creating a replacement for the glottis using the tongue and the upper alveolus, the palate, or the pharyngeal wall.
In one case, pharyngeal speech was studied in a 12-year-old girl that used it as her exclusive form of speech following tracheotomy at 2 years of age. Such speech was impaired in spite of ten years of her exclusive use of it for communication. Fifty percent of her time while speaking was silence. Of the other fifty percent, half was spent creating “quasiperiodic” speech-like sound and the other half spent creating noise. This produced an “unpleasant, markedly hoarse voice quality which was consistently evident in her pharyngeal speech". This contrasts with skilled esophageal speakers that spend less than 20% of their time producing noise. Such speech has limited success in making some place of articulation and especially manner of articulation and voicing phonetic distinctions. There are also difficulties in creating consonant clusters and polysyllabic words. Such speech was "generally well understood by immediate family members" but "reported to be largely unintelligible to outsiders".
Importance
Pharyngeal speech can be produced in the early stages of learning esophageal speech. However both buccal and pharyngeal speech are less clear than trained esophageal speech and "should not be regarded as a desirable or practical primary method of alaryngeal speech".
A further importance is to theories of the evolution of human speech since alaryngeal speech shows that speech is not dependent entirely upon evolved anatomy as it can be created using vocal tract anatomy in an adaptive manner.
See also
Electrolarynx
Airstream mechanism
Phonation
Vocal extended technique
Whistled language
Notes
Larynx disorders
Human voice
Phonation
Vocal skills
Geoffrey Edge (born 26 May 1943) is a former British Labour Party politician.
Biography
Geoffrey Edge was born in West Bromwich. He was educated at the London School of Economics, from which he received a BA in Geography, and the University of Birmingham. He then became a university lecturer.
Political career
Edge was elected Member of Parliament for the newly created constituency of Aldridge-Brownhills at the February 1974 general election with a majority of only 366 votes. He was re-elected in October 1974 with an increased majority, but lost the seat in 1979 to the Conservative candidate Richard Shepherd.
Whilst in parliament, Edge served as Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) for ministers in the Department for Education and the Privy Council Office.
After losing his seat, Edge served on West Midlands County Council, where he created an economic development department. For 25 years (1982-2007) he was chairman, later chairman and chief executive, of West Midlands Enterprise, which provided long term finance to local companies. He also served as a Labour councillor and Leader of Walsall Metropolitan Borough Council.
Edge stood unsuccessfully at the 1987 general election in Birmingham Yardley, but was beaten by the incumbent Conservative David Gilroy-Bevan.
Other activities
Edge worked as a Senior Associate at P E International plc (1987–97) and also as an Associate Director of W S Atkins plc. He is currently (as of 2021) managing director of Genomics Limited, a company he formed in 2007. The company website states that it is "a specialist regeneration, strategy and business consultancy".
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
1943 births
Living people
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
People from West Bromwich
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
The 1969–70 FC Bayern Munich season was the club's fifth season in Bundesliga.
Team kit
Review and events
The club could not defend the championship in this season. Furthermore, Bayern was defeated in the first round of the European Cup and in the quarterfinals of the cup by Saint Étienne and 1. FC Nürnberg respectively. The season was overshadowed by a very harsh winter, therefore games had to be postponed because of frozen pitches between January and April 1970.
Match results
Legend
Bundesliga
League fixtures and results
League standings
DFB-Pokal
European Cup
References
FC Bayern Munich seasons
Bayern
Or83b, also known as Orco (short for "odorant receptor co-receptor"), is an odorant receptor and the corresponding gene that encodes it. The odorant receptor Or83b is not exclusively expressed in insects. Though its actual function is still a mystery, the broadly expressed Or83b has been conserved across highly divergent insect populations across 250 million years of evolution.
Function
There are two contending models for potentially explaining Or83b function. One proposes are that it could interact with specific odor stimuli independently of other odorant receptors (ORs). The other proposes that it could act with other ORs to mediate responses to all odors. Or83b mutation disrupts behavioral and electrophysiological responses to many odorants, which supports the second model that OR plays a general rather than specific role in olfaction. When mutating the Or83b gene, larval Drosophila do not travel towards an area of ethyl acetate which is an important odorant related to rotting fruit.
Functional conservation
The OR genes appear to be a single lineage nested within the gustatory receptor (GR) family. Or83b, however, is divergent from other OR proteins and appears most similar to the usual GRs. This conservation suggests that Or83b serves a function unlike that of other chemoreceptors.
By cloning orthologs of Or83b, performing in situ hybridization of the clones, and by creating transgenic flies with orthologs of mosquitos, medflies, and moths, the function of Or83b was determined to be conserved across highly divergent insect populations. Or83b has homologs in other insect species.
Since Or83b responds not to specific odors but to odors in general the Or83b receptor must respond to a feature of other ORs that it has coevolved with. That insects have used only a single protein for odor detection suggests that Or83b functions in insects in a way that cannot be diversified.
Practical implications
Since insects play a large role in spreading infectious blood borne diseases between humans, understanding how they locate their human hosts with their olfactory systems could lead to inhibiting their method of locating hosts. The potential strategy involved would be to create small molecules that mimic the Or83b mutation and inhibit the receptor and disperse them, since it would be impractical to mutate the gene for the receptor in an entire population of disease-spreading insects.
In some species of insect, drawing blood meals is a behavior not normally witnessed that could be brought on by a sudden lack of avoidance of vertebrate odor. Food preference in insects is not always about attraction to certain odors but the lack of repellant response to the odor. The fruit-piercing moth (Calyptrata thalictri) has been known to draw blood from mammalian hosts when the number of a particular group of olfactory sensing neurons that generally produce a repellent response to vertebrate volatiles is reduced. This halts their usually innate repulsive behavior to vertebrate odors and increases the chance that they will attempt to draw blood from a host. Because this is a change not in Or83b but in a population of olfactory sensory neurons, dispersing molecules to inhibit Or83b would not stop the behavior and a new strategy would have to develop.
References
Insect genes
Drosophila melanogaster genes
Olfactory receptors
The Fort de Vancia is a former military installation built between 1872 and 1878 in the municipalities of Sathonay-Village and Rillieux-la-Pape, north of Lyon. It is part of the second belt Lyon and more generally the system Sere de Rivieres.
This belt of forts included
the forts of Bron, Vancia itself, Feyzin and Mont Verdun.
History
This pentagonal fort covers about 18 hectares. Located on the plateau and peak Vancia on Dombes to 332 meters, it is disposed between the height of Mont Verdun and Fort Meyzieu. It has been built primarily for the purpose of resisting German and Italian attack from Bourg-en-Bresse, but also in order to confine a potential revolt of the city of Lyon.
The fort consists of seven batteries of 50 guns and covered by three batteries: Sermenaz, Neyron and Sathonay.
Its organization is very similar plans of the forts of Bron and Feyzin, it is not constructed of concrete but in stone, surrounded by a dry ditch along a kilometer in a building concrete will be added to the barracks of the rider in 1895 . The fort was built on the ground and covered by a result of soil from outside.
The fort had a capacity of 800 soldiers divided into two two-story barracks and is 16,000 m², with fifty pieces, two coal-fired ovens, shops and arsenals, two stables, four kitchens, a bakery, four wells, a water tank, a laundry, an infirmary, a forge, and fifty guns. It cost at the time of building 3 million gold francs.
The barracks are composed, on the ground floor of a barn or a shop, with the garrison of the rooms upstairs. Each room has an area of 120 square meters, and housed 25 men arranged in two bunk beds and an officer in a single bed. Meals were served in your room, the bread was suspended in each to protect from rats. Grooves within each window can barricade in case of danger. The path along the barracks is called the street walls and was crossed by a rail allowing, through horse-drawn wagons, to supply the guns quickly.
Two magazines of 70t and 68T provide ammunition to eleven shooting platforms which are placed at the top of the structure on the ridge of high fire and bunkers indirect fire mortar type. Because of the ever-present risk of explosion of the powder by spark, access and layout of magazines included some points:
Skylights can move inside;
movements in the magazine were made in wooden shoes;
bins allow sand to absorb moisture.
Access to the fort was controlled by a caponier placed on a ravelin built into the rock in front of the pit itself crossed by a crane on rollers. A thick wooden door studded prevents access of the caponier entrance. An iron gate will be added in 1906 before the bridge.
The fort served during the First World War to the French troops, a huge time sink collective is still visible today.
Before 1939 and after World War II, it served as a logistics centre consolidation for reservists and the volunteers, as well as deposit. In 1942, when the fort was still in the free zone. It was used for testing rocket EA-41 by Colonel Jean-Jacques Barre.
The fort served as a prison for Germans towards the end of World War II, including opponents of the regime of Franco as well as Habib Bourguiba, former president of Tunisia.
It remained the property of the army until 1999.
Today
Unoccupied for a long time, the fort is now occupied by dense vegetation.
The fort of Vancia currently depend on a single-purpose municipal association, owned by the municipalities of Sathonay-Village and Rillieux-la-Pape . The fort served as occasional training fields for the police, emergency services. The shooting center has always remained property of the Department of Defense. The fort is regularly open for Heritage Days.
The fort was occupied illegally from 4 February 2011 at 18 May 2011 by a group called The fallow Vancia, strong collective self (CFA), the police carried out the evictions and deposited concrete blocks outside the gates and access.
See also
Ceintures de Lyon
References
External links
The fort [www.city-http://www.ville-rillieux-la-pape.fr/front/index.php?lvlid=334&dsgtypid=68&artid=168&pos=8 rillieux- the-pape.fr]
The fort fortiffsere.fr
Fortifications of Lyon
Séré de Rivières system
Jeremy McClure (born 25 May 1987) is an Australian swimmer, triathlete and motivational speaker. He competed at four Paralympics - 2004 Athens, 2008 Beijing, 2012 London and 2016 Rio.
Personal
McClure was born on 25 May 1987 in Perth, Western Australia and is from Bull Creek, Western Australia. He was diagnosed with Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy when he was fifteen years old and lost most of his sight. He uses a guide dog named Nina as he only has about two percent of available vision. In 2006, he participated in the Commonwealth Games torch relay. In 2010, he won a Pride of Australia award. He works as a motivational speaker, and given a speech to schools in Western Australia and to the West Coast Eagles. , he also works as a part-time remedial massage therapist.
Sporting career
Swimming
McClure is an S11 classified swimmer, and is a member of South Shore Swimming Club. He started swimming in 2002 and competitively in May 2003.
McClure competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, finishing sixth in the 100 metre backstroke. He competed at his second Paralympics in 2008, finishing seventh in the 100 metre backstroke. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming. Going into the 2012 Games, he was ranked fifth in the 100 metre backstroke event, fourth in the 50 metre breaststroke and third in the 50 metre backstroke event. He did not medal at the 2012 Games and his best result was eighth in 100 metre backstroke
At the 2016 Australian Swimming Championships in Adelaide, he set a new world record of 32.22 in the Men's S11 50m backstroke.
At the 2016 Rio Paralympic Games, McClure placed fifth in the Men's 100m Backstroke S11. He also competed in Men's 50m Freestyle S11 and Men's 100m Freestyle S11. In preparation for Rio, McClure stated: “I'm definitely confident I can drop that time but breaking the record all depends on how much I can drop it by. The ultimate goal is to win gold and break the record but I'd love to just get any medal at this point really.”
In early 2022 he became the first person to swim from Dirk Hartog Island to the town of Denham and he became the first person to swim the from the Abrolhos Islands to the city of Geraldton in September 2022.
Paratriathlon
In 2011, McClure competed in his first triathlon when he took part in the Ironman 70.3 Busselton, finishing the event in 5:03:43. He required sighted guides to assist him on the course. They were Stewart Collingwood for the 1.9 km swim, Frans Buissink for 90 km cycle component and Craig Andrew for the 21 km run. He participated in the event in order to raise money for Guide Dogs Western Australia. His performance in the race earned him Triathlon Western Australia's Paul Goodwin Award. He has also raced in a number of other triathlons, including Busselton 70.3 in 2012.
He qualified to represent Australia in the sprint-distance 2013 ITU Paratriathlon World Championships in London, where he placed 8th in the TRI6a classification for blind athletes. In January 2014, he won the TRI6a class at the 2014 OTU Oceania Championships in Penrith. Reclassified TRI6b, he placed second in the Elwood ITU World Paratriathlon event.
References
External links
Living people
Visually impaired category Paralympic competitors
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
1987 births
Western Australian Institute of Sport alumni
Paratriathletes of Australia
Australian male triathletes
S11-classified Paralympic swimmers
Blind people from Australia
Australian male freestyle swimmers
Australian male butterfly swimmers
Australian male medley swimmers
Shauna Pender is a Miss America preliminary scholarship winner who was crowned Miss Florida in 2003 after preceding Miss Florida Ericka Dunlap won Miss America. She had previously won Miss St. Petersburg, Florida. She was born in 1979.
Education
Pender graduated from Houston County High School near Warner Robins, Georgia.
In 2003, Pender graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in theatre from Florida State University.
Media
Pender appeared on several network program broadcasts as an actress and in numerous media reports on her accident and recovery. She acted in the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children and in the Spring of 2003 she finished in the Top Twelve on the short-lived ABC reality television show "All American Girl".
Accident
Only two weeks after being crowned Miss Florida 2003, Pender was critically injured in an automobile accident on November 7, 2003. Pender was a passenger in a white Lincoln Town Car on her way to a charity event when a refrigerated container tractor-trailer overloaded with avocados overturned on her vehicle in the westbound lanes of the Dolphin Expressway in Miami, Florida. After being rushed to a hospital with life-threatening injuries, Pender momentarily died in the operating room but was resuscitated by medical professionals. Pender underwent months of surgeries and physical therapy to begin her multi-year recovery from the accident. She speaks frequently of the accident and recovery in her motivational speaking engagements.
Public causes
Pender's main focus for her reign as Miss Florida was to have been "Society Embracing Special Needs People", and she continues to speak on disabilities and special needs issues. Following her accident, she also focused on bringing media attention to the dangers of overweight trucks.
References
External links
Shauna Pender's Official Website
Florida State University alumni
Living people
1979 births
People from St. Petersburg, Florida
Sir Simon Montford (died circa 30 January 1495) was an English Lord of several manors, who was executed for treason.
Simon Montford was the son and heir of Sir Baldwin Montfort, Knt, of Coleshill Manor, Warwickshire (1410-c1458) by his spouse Joan, daughter of Sir Richard Vernon, Speaker of the House of Commons. Baldwin was the first to drop the "de" from their surname.
Lord of Manors
He inherited Coleshill (in Arden) Manor, entering into possession of the manor before 4 March 1461. He also held the manor of Kingshurst (in Coleshill), and Avon Dasset, and others. Sir Edward Grey, Viscount Lisle, at his death in 1492, owned pasture and woodland in Alcotenhall (a manor in Coleshill) which was held of this "Sir Simon Montfort, the Lord of Coleshill".
Career
In 1465 Montfort was found guilty of insurrection and various misdeeds, for which he was pardoned the next year. He was retained by King Edward IV to serve in the French wars with five spearmen and sixty archers. In 1469-70 he was Lieutenant of Carisbrooke Castle on the Isle of Wight. In April 1471 he was appointed sheriff of the counties of Warwick and Leicester. He was subsequently charged with supporting the rebellion of Perkin Warbeck, one of the pretenders during the reign of King Henry VII, tried at the London Guildhall on 30 January 1495, found guilty, attainted, and executed, his estates forfeited. Coleshill Manor was awarded to Simon Digby. (The attainder on Kingshurst Manor and lands was reversed in 1534 for his grandson Thomas Montfort, but without restoration of Coleshill).
Family
Montford married Anne (b.c1440), daughter of Sir Richard Verney, Knt., of Compton Verney, Warwickshire. They had three sons and two daughters.
His grandson, Simon Mountford, was a Member of Parliament.
References
The Visitation of Worcestershire 1569 edited by W. P. W. Phillimore, M.A., BCL., London, 1888, p.97.
The Visitation of Essex 1552 edited by Walter C. Metcalfe, F.S.A., London, 1878, p.85.
The Visitation of Essex 1612 edited by Walter C. Metcalfe, F.S.A., London, 1878, p.256.
Plantagenet Ancestry by Douglas Richardson, Baltimore, Md., 2004, p.514.
Magna Carta Ancestry by Douglas Richardson, Baltimore, Md., 2005, p.584.
Year of birth missing
15th-century births
1495 deaths
People from Coleshill, Warwickshire
People of the Tudor period
English knights
English rebels
Executed English people
People executed under Henry VII of England
15th-century executions by England
People executed for treason
Tom Carpenter (born 31 August 1887, date of death unknown) was an English player of English billiards and snooker.
Biography
Carpenter was born in August 1887, to English parents, at Newport, Wales, and later lived in Cardiff. He started playing English billiards at the age of seven, and made a break at the age of ten.
He won the Welsh professional billiards title in 1913, beating Arthur Llewellin by 4,084 points in a match of 9,000-up. Llewellin had held the title for 22 years. Carpenter held the title until 1939, when he resigned it. In his 26-year reign as champion, he went 23 years without challenge.
Carpenter reached the semi-final of the inaugural professional World Snooker Championship in 1927. He also reached the 1928 World billiards championship semi-final.
In January 1922 at Cardiff, Carpenter played Joe Davis in a 7,000-up game of billiards. The game ended on 21 January 1922 and Tom lost by a single point.
He coached Thelma Carpenter (no relation), who won multiple billiards titles.
Note
References
1887 births
Date of death missing
English players of English billiards
English snooker players
Sportspeople from Newport, Wales
A peroneal strike is a temporarily disabling blow to the common fibular (peroneal) nerve of the leg, just above the knee. The attacker aims roughly a hand span above the exterior side of the knee, towards the back of the leg. This causes a temporary loss of motor control of the leg, accompanied by numbness and a painful tingling sensation from the point of impact all the way down the leg, usually lasting anywhere from 30 seconds to 5 hours in duration.
The strike is commonly made with the knee, a baton, or shin kick, but can be done by anything forcefully impacting the nerve. The technique is a part of the pressure point control tactics used in martial arts and by law enforcement agents.
The peroneal strike was used against detainees during the 2002 Bagram torture and prisoner abuse scandal.
See also
Charley horse
Pain compliance
Kubotan
References
Law enforcement techniques
Violence
Penchikal dinna (also spelled as Penchikaldinne) is a village in Neredcherla mandal, Suryapet district in Telangana state, India. Penchikaldinna village is also called Moscow nagar in the times of Telangana freedom fight from nizam nawabs. It is located 43 km towards South from District headquarters Suryapet. There are many freedom fighters from this village who fought against nijam nawabs.president of the village from 2019 to 2024 is sunkari Vani
Location
Penchikal Dinna is a village panchayat located in the Suryapet district of Telangana state, India. The latitude 17.0586693 and longitude 79.265585 are the geocoordinate of the Penchikal Dinna. Village is 5 km from Neredcherla and almost 23 km from Miryalaguda. It is surrounded by Garide Pally Mandal towards East, Miryalaguda Town towards west, Penpahad towards North, Vemula Pally towards west.
Politics
It is a gram panchayat headed by a Sarpanch the incumbent Sarpanch is Sunkara Kranthi Kumar(CPM). The village comes under Huzurnagar Assembly constituency which become a separate assembly constituency with the delimitation in 2009 elections. First MLA is captain N. Uttam Kumar reddy.
Temples
Temples in the village include Ramalayam Temple, Anjaneyaswami temple, Vigneshwara Temple, Kanakadurga Temple and Mutyalamma Temple.
Economy
The village is depends on the Nagarjuna-Sagar left canal, and the village economy is based on rice cultivation. 90% of the economy of the village is from rice and daily wages.
modern agricultural practices are done.(Paddy Straw Baler)
Facilities
Village has one Primary school, Anganvadi school, Library, Government Hospital, Bank, Post Office, two Water tanks and Power supply. school has history of 75 years.
Transport
Sharing autos are available daily from Nereducherla, TSRTC runs buses on week days between Suryapet and miryalaguda connecting this village.
By Road
Nereducherla, the mandal headquarters is 5 km away from the village.
By Public Bus
Nereducharla TSRTC Bus Station is the nearby Bus Station to Penchikal Dinna. TSRTC runs Number of buses from major cities to here.
Notable people
Ex CPM MLA Aribandi LaxmiNarayana is from the village of Penchikaldinna.
Sub Villages in Penchikal Dinna
Telaga Ramaiahgudem
Gantavari Gudem
Gallery
References
Villages in Suryapet district
Paul Smith (born 29 October 1955) is a British former racing driver.
He competed in the 1980 British Formula One Championship.
References
1955 births
Living people
British racing drivers
British Formula One drivers
British Formula One Championship drivers
European Formula Two Championship drivers
World Sportscar Championship drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
IMSA GT Championship drivers
Port Austin Lighthouse (or Port Austin Reef Light) is a lighthouse off the shore of Lake Huron, about north of Port Austin, Huron County Michigan sitting on a rocky reef (shoal), which is just north of the tip of the Thumb and a real hazard to navigation.
History
The original plans were for this lighthouse to be built on shore. The crib was built in Tawas.
The light was first lit in 1878, and its pier was modified in 1899. It is still operational and is automated. The foundation materials are a pier, and the tower is constructed of yellow brick, with buff markings. It is an octagonal, tall tower, with an attached keeper house. However, the focal plain is . It originally had a fourth-order Fresnel lens by Henry Lepaute of Paris and installed in 1899. The optic was glass. In 1985 the lens was replaced by a 12-volt solar-powered Tideland Signal 300 mm acrylic optic, which eliminated the need to maintain the submarine cable.
Current status and activities
In 1990, volunteers from the Port Austin Reef Light Association engaged in an "heroic effort" to oust a colony of seagulls that had taken over the building, and then screened and reroofed it. Restoration efforts continue.
Decking has been covered with galvanized metal shingles, and painted in the bright red that is historically accurate. Railings were affixed to the access ladder, and safety chains edging the deck were replaced. Installed also were a new brick chimney and 18 new windows. In 1990, PARLA's license to renovate the structure was extended through 2020.
Current restoration continues by the Port Austin Reef Light Association.
The light is not open for tours. It is a long and difficult trip to the light, which is always hindered by the reef, and often by the fog. However, it is possible to photograph the lighthouse from shore, although it takes a long lens or digital zoom.
The light was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in September 2011. The site includes adjacent bottom lands. A two-story on shore lighthouse keeper's house still exists.
In June 2011, the General Services Administration made the Port Austin Light (along with 11 others) available at no cost to public organizations willing to preserve them.
On July 19, 2012 it was announced that the Port Austin Reef Lighthouse Association, a Michigan non-profit organization, will take ownership of the Port Austin Light Station on Lake Huron.
See also
Lighthouses in the United States
References
Further reading
Baranski, Connie. "The Port Austin Reef Lighthouse." Central Michigan University Term Paper, 1970.
Port Austin Reef Lighthouse journal, 1909-1917.
External links
Extensive history of the Port Austin Lighthouse at Seeing the Light by Terry Pepper.
Interactive map of lighthouses in the Thumb/Lake Huron area.
Interactive map, list, information for lighthouses in North and West Lake Huron.
Michigan.gov website has a Map of Michigan Lighthouses.
U.S. Coast Guard Search & Rescue Index
Wobser, David, Port Austin Reef Light at Boatnerd.com.
Lighthouses completed in 1878
Buildings and structures in Huron County, Michigan
Lighthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Huron County, Michigan
Kilfarboy () is a civil parish in County Clare in Ireland. There is also a Catholic parish with the same name. The largest population centre in the parish is Milltown Malbay.
Civil parish
The parish is part of the historic barony of Ibrickane.
It is and covers .
Cliffs extend along the coastline, which includes the headland of Spanish Point.
The land rises in the east to the summit of Slievecallan.
The main settlement is the town of Milltown Malbay.
History
The parish was once called Kilfobrick after a monastery with that name founded in 741.
Cormac, who died in 837, is said to have been bishop.
No traces are left of the monastery.
A large sepulchral stone was found around 1784 at Loughnamina, on Mount Callan.
It has an inscription in Ogham script, which was well-preserved when the stone was discovered, commemorating the death of the chief Conan.
Part of the Spanish Armada was wrecked on the coast on the place since called "Spanish Point."
There is the ruin of a castle at Freagh and several ancient forts.
The parish contains the ruins of Moy castle.
The population in 1841 was 7,498 in 1,166 houses.
Townlands
Townlands are Aillbrack, Ballynew, Ballyvaskin North, Ballyvaskin South, Breaffy North, Breaffy South, Caherogan, Carrowkeel, Cloghaun Beg, Cloghaun More, Cloonbony, Clooneyogan North, Clooneyogan South, Dough, Drumbaun, Drummin, Fintra Beg, Fintra More, Freaghcastle, Freaghavaleen, Glendine North, Glendine South, Illaun, Illaunbaun, Kilcorcoran, Kildeema North, Kildeema South, Kilfarboy, Knockbrack, Lackamore, Leagard North, Leagard South, Leeds, Moy Beg, Moy More, Poulawillin, Silverhill, Slievenalicka, Toor and Tooreen.
Catholic parish
References
Citations
Sources
Parishes of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe
Civil parishes of County Clare
Stenoma rhodocolpa is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana and Peru.
The wingspan is about 23 mm. The forewings are pale ochreous yellowish and the costal and terminal edge are pale pink. There is a blackish blotch running from the base of the costa to the dorsum at two-fifths, but leaving the dorsum narrowly pale yellowish on the basal fourth, the posterior extremity truncate, the reaching the fold. The dorsal area is faintly fuscous tinged beyond this with a broad purple-blackish fascia from two-thirds of the costa to the tornus, abruptly narrowed on the costa but otherwise of nearly even width, the anterior edge prominent in the middle and towards the costa, leaving a moderately broad triangular apical patch of ground colour. The hindwings are grey, with the costa somewhat sinuate towards three-fourths, with a patch of longer rosy-pink cilia before the sinuation.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
NGC 4999 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the Constellation Virgo, first discovered February 24, 1786 by astronomer William Herschel. The galaxy is noted as a particularly bright ultraviolet light source – it is believed that it's notable bar structure suppresses star formation, indicating this ultraviolet light may possibly be due to a quasi-stellar object.
See also
New General Catalogue
References
Barred spiral galaxies
Virgo (constellation)
Mitsuko Alexandra Yabe (born December 14, 1991), known professionally as Lightchild (stylized as llghtchlld), is an American and Japanese musician, composer, and music editor.
Early life
Yabe was born in New York City. Growing up, she was influenced simultaneously by both American and Japanese culture. Her music career began with the study of classical violin under the tutelage of Roberta Guaspari and Lynelle Smith of Opus 118 Harlem School of Music.
Career
After graduating from Pomona College, she moved back to New York City to pursue a career in the arts and entertainment industry. She got a job transcribing interviews for producers on the reality crime series The First 48 (2004–present) for ITV Studios (formerly Granada Entertainment) and she eventually joined the Editors Guild as an edit room assistant, the equivalent to an apprentice on the West Coast.
She has collaborated with film directors and composers on several soundtracks as a music editor, including Boots Riley's Sorry To Bother You (2018) and Radha Blank's The Forty-Year Old Version (2020).
Recognition
References
External links
American film score composers
1991 births
Living people
21st-century American musicians
Pomona College alumni
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards#U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Bharat Heavy Electrical Ltd Sports Complex or BHEL Stadium is a multi purpose stadium in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India. The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
The stadium hosted four first-class matches from 1987 when Madhya Pradesh cricket team played against Rajasthan cricket team. until 1994.
The stadium hosted four List A match from 1994 when Madhya Pradesh cricket team played against Rajasthan cricket team. but since then the stadium has hosted non first-class cricket matches.
References
External links
cricketarchive
cricinfo
Official Website
Sports venues in Bhopal
Cricket grounds in Madhya Pradesh
Football venues in Madhya Pradesh
1987 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Sports venues completed in 1987
The Baseball Factory Field at UMBC is a baseball field located on the campus of the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in Catonsville, Maryland, United States. The field is home to the UMBC Retrievers baseball team of the NCAA Division I America East Conference. The field is located adjacent to UMBC Stadium. It has a capacity of 1,000 spectators. Previously known as Alumni Field, the venue was renamed on April 20, 2004, after the university's agreement with player development company Baseball Factory. Prior to the 2004 season, the field underwent a $350,000 renovation which added a new lighting system, playing surface, and warning track. Since 2004, the facility's press box, dugout, and bleachers were upgraded.
See also
List of NCAA Division I baseball venues
References
External links
Alumni Field
College baseball venues in the United States
Baseball venues in Maryland
UMBC Retrievers baseball
Sports venues in the Baltimore metropolitan area
Caonillas may refer to:
Places
Caonillas, Aibonito, Puerto Rico, a barrio
Caonillas Abajo, Utuado, Puerto Rico, a barrio
Caonillas Abajo, Villalba, Puerto Rico, a barrio
Caonillas Arriba, Utuado, Puerto Rico, a barrio
Caonillas Arriba, Villalba, Puerto Rico, a barrio
Kelly-Ann Woodland (née Bishop, 5 November 1981) is a Scottish newsreader and journalist, who co-presents STV's central flag-ship STV News at Six, alongside John MacKay. Woodland presented STV's breakfast bulletin on Daybreak, and later Good Morning Scotland. She also presented STV Edinburgh News and Scotland Tonight.
Early life
Kelly-Ann Bishop was born on 5 November 1981 in Bonhill in the town of Vale of Leven, West Dunbartonshire. She has three siblings; Julie, Nikki and Brian. Woodland was educated at Jamestown Primary School and Vale of Leven Academy. She graduated from University of Glasgow in 2002 with an undergraduate degree in politics and sociology.
Career
Career beginnings
While still at university Woodland had her first experience in the media industry as a researcher for STV's weekly politics programme Platform. After graduating, Woodland started work at Castle Rock FM in Dumbarton as a news reporter and bulletin reader. She joined STV in 2003 as a news assistant. Woodland was quickly promoted to production journalist and then finally reporter after a few years. From 2010 Woodland became the regular early morning presenter of the STV News on Daybreak/ Good Morning Britain(GMB). In recent years, Woodland has become one of STV's main reporters and the stand in presenter for all of their news programmes including the STV Glasgow and Edinburgh 6 o'clock news and also Scotland Tonight.
STV News at Six anchor
In September 2018 STV re-launched their flag-ship 6 o'clock news programmes for the central belt of Scotland. The new format combined the existing Edinburgh and Glasgow programmes into one co-anchored programme that contained sections that opted out to east or west stories, mixed with sections that were co-anchored from both locations with links being shared by both presenters. Kelly-Ann was chosen to anchor from the Edinburgh studio with John MacKay anchoring from the Glasgow studio.
Personal life
Woodland has been married to Stuart Woodland, who is an STV cameraman, since 2012. They both live in Bonhill with their two children, Mikey and Daniel.
Lipstick Lounge
In 2013, Woodland paired up with celebrity make-up artist Annette Wiseman to launch a new website, Lipstick Lounge. The site features video tutorials on how to do make-up like a pro, while also having interviews with people to share tips and beauty secrets.
References
External links
The Sunday Post
atvtoday.co.uk New format article
1981 births
Living people
STV News newsreaders and journalists
Lost Brotherhood is the fourth studio album by Canadian musician Lawrence Gowan, originally released in 1990. The album follows a more hard rock oriented sound, with some tracks bearing a resemblance to past material. The album reached multi-platinum status in Canada and spawned the singles, "All the Lovers in the World," "Lost Brotherhood," and "Out of a Deeper Hunger". Alex Lifeson of Rush, Steve Shelski of Coney Hatch, and Ken Greer of Red Rider contributed guitar work for the album.
Track listings
Personnel
Lawrence Gowan – lead and backing vocals, keyboards
John Webster – additional keyboards
Alex Lifeson – guitar (except on "All The Lovers In The World")
Ken Greer – guitar, pedal steel guitar
Steve Shelski – additional guitars
Mladon Zarron – additional guitars
Tony Levin – bass guitar
Jerry Marotta – drums, backing vocals
Greg Critchley – drums on "All The Lovers In The World"
Steve Kendry – additional drums
Eddie Schwartz – backing vocals
Terry Gowan – backing vocals
Gary Kulesha – string arrangements
Noel Golden – engineer (all tracks); mixing (tracks 5, 7, 8, 9)
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing (tracks 1, 4)
Stephen Chase – mixing (tracks 2, 3, 6, 10)
Singles
References
External links
Interview
Lost Brotherhood – Behind the Vinyl (interview with boom 97.3)
Albums produced by Mike Howlett
Lawrence Gowan albums
1990 albums
Anthem Records albums
Columbia Records albums
Atlantic Records albums
The 2019–20 College of Charleston Cougars men's basketball team represents the College of Charleston during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Cougars, led by fifth-year head coach Earl Grant, play their home games at the TD Arena in Charleston, South Carolina as members of the Colonial Athletic Association. In a season limited due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Cougars finished the season 9–10, 6–4 CAA play to finish in third place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the CAA Tournament to Drexel.
Following the season, head coach Grant was hired as the new coach at Boston College. Shortly thereafter, the school named Winthrop coach Pat Kelsey the team's new head coach.
Previous season
The Cougars finished the 2018–19 season 24–9, 12–6 in CAA play to finish in third place in the conference. At the CAA Tournament they defeated Drexel before losing to Northeastern in the semifinals.
Offseason
Departures
2019 recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
|-
!colspan=12 style=| CAA regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| CAA Tournament
|-
Source
References
College of Charleston Cougars men's basketball seasons
College of Charleston
College of Charleston
College of Charleston
John Leslie McFarland (May 12, 1926 – January, 1971) was an American popular music composer and arranger.
Career
Early in his career McFarland wrote several songs for Bill Haley and His Comets: "Rockin' Rollin' Rover", "You Hit The Wrong Note Billy Goat", co-writing "Teenager's Mother" with Curtis R. Lewis.
One of McFarland's earliest songs, co-written with Billy Moore Jr., was "You Dyed Your Hair Chartreuse". It was recorded by Louis Jordan in 1950.
In 1959, he co-wrote "Wang Dang Taffy Apple Tango" with Aaron Schroeder, and the song was recorded by Pat Boone.
McFarland co-wrote the song "Stuck On You" with Aaron Schroeder for Elvis Presley. The song was Presley's first hit single after two years in the US Army, recorded March 1960. The single rose to number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in late-April of that year, and became Presley's thirteenth hit overall. "Stuck On You" was one of six Elvis Presley songs featured in the 2002 Disney movie Lilo & Stitch.
McFarland arranged the songs on Aretha Franklin's debut album for Columbia Records Aretha: With The Ray Bryant Combo and wrote six songs for the album: "Won't Be Long", "Love Is The Only Thing", "Sweet Lover", "Right Now", "Maybe I'm A Fool", and "Blue By Myself".
In 1962, McFarland wrote four songs on Franklin's second studio album with Columbia, The Electrifying Aretha Franklin.
McFarland co-wrote the song "Little Children" with Mort Shuman for Billy J. Kramer & The Dakotas. The song reached number one in the UK Singles Chart in March 1964, and number seven in the US Hot 100 singles chart later the same year.
In 1967 he co-wrote "Long Legged Girl (With the Short Dress On)" with Winfield Scott for Elvis Presley, and it reached #63 on the Billboard Hot 100.
McFarland struggled with alcohol addiction throughout much of his career.
References
1926 births
1971 deaths
Kevin Anderson and Ryler DeHeart are the defending champions, but both chose not to participate.
Raven Klaasen and Izak van der Merwe won in the final against Kaden Hensel and Adam Hubble 5–7, 6–4, [10–6].
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Doubles Draw
Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships - Doubles
2010 MD
In a Brilliant White is the seventh studio album by Norwegian group Fra Lippo Lippi; this time, with vocalist Per Øystein Sørensen as the sole member (as bassist/founder Rune Kristoffersen retired to manage his record label). The band's first studio album in more than a decade, it contains mostly Sorensen's works and was initially produced and released only in the Philippines by EMI Music Philippines in 2002.
"Later" became a hit in the Philippines even before the album was released, receiving massive airplay on radio which rejuvenated the band's popularity in the Philippines. Hence, EMI Music Philippines (now Polyeast Records) decided to produce a full-length album with it. "Wish We Were Two" was released as a second single, a collaboration between Sorensen and Filipino R&B singer Kyla. However, this single did not receive as much local airplay and never charted.
This album was also released in Norway eventually, following releases over other countries in Asia. Carrying the Fra Lippo Lippi name, Sorensen visited the country once again to play sold-out concerts and appeared on MYX TV and other variety shows such as ASAP.
Track listing
"Story of a Broken Heart"
"Faithful"
"Will I Recognize"
"Come On"
"Later"
"Wish We Were Two" (featuring Kyla)
"Ordinary Guy"
"Stay"
"Who Is Your Buddha
"If I Knew Then"
Personnel
Per Øystein Sørensen – vocals, keyboards, producer
Stein Austrud – keyboards
Svein Dag Hauge – engineer, guitar, producer, programming
Giert Clausen – engineer (Norway)
Dante Tañedo – engineer (Philippines)
Espen Berg – mastering
Darrell James Laxamana – project manager, producer
References
Fra Lippo Lippi (band) albums
2002 albums
Virgin Records albums
Final standings of the 1972–73 Hungarian League season.
Final standings
Results
Statistical leaders
Top goalscorers
References
Nemzeti Bajnokság I season
1972–73 in Hungarian football
Hun
José Alcázar (born 10 April 1957) is a Spanish water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Barcelona
San Agustín () is a town and municipality in the southern Colombian Department of Huila. The town is located 227 km away from the capital of the Department, Neiva. Population is around 34,000. The village was founded in 1752 by Alejo Astudillo but attacks by indigenous people destroyed it. The present village was founded in 1790 by Lucas de Herazo and Mendigaña.
The mean temperature year round is 18 °C.
San Agustín Archaeological Park
The area is very well known for its pre-Columbian archaeological sites belonging to the ancient San Agustin culture. These sites comprise the San Agustín Archaeological Park, which generates significant revenue to the economy due to the high volume of tourists, both Colombian and foreigners. This site was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1995.
Gallery
See also
List of megalithic sites
External links
Unesco's website on San Agustin
References
Municipalities of Huila Department
Archaeological parks
Archaeological sites in Colombia
Populated places established in 1752
1750s establishments in the Viceroyalty of New Granada
1752 establishments in South America
Populated places established in 1790
1790s establishments in the Viceroyalty of New Granada
1790 establishments in South America
Tourist attractions in Huila Department
World Heritage Sites in Colombia
Terrigal, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, was created in 2007, with much of the electorate previously being part of Gosford.
Members for Terrigal
Election results
Elections in the 2010s
2019
2015
2011
Elections in the 2000s
2007
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
Alcira Susana Argumedo (7 May 1940 – 2 May 2021) was an Argentine sociologist, academic and was member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
She was nominated as a candidate for president on the Proyecto Sur ticket for the 2011 general elections.
Life and times
Argumedo was born in Rosario in 1940. She enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires, and earned a degree in Sociology in 1965. She taught at her alma mater's Faculty of Philosophy and Letters between 1968 and 1974, and served as Secretary of Culture by Buenos Aires Province Governor Oscar Bidegain during his brief 1973-74 tenure. She continued to teach, and wrote numerous treatises on the impact of globalization in the Third World during the early 1970s.
The March 1976 coup and the subsequent Dirty War compelled Argumedo to leave Argentina in 1978, and she sought exile in Mexico. She worked in the Latin American Institute of Transnational Studies (ILET), published numerous articles for IPECAL, and served as adviser to Gabriel García Márquez and Juan Somavía in a discussion regarding New World Information and Communication Order hosted by UNESCO.
She returned to Argentina following elections in 1983, and in 1987, resumed her post in the University of Buenos Aires faculty and joined the National Research Council.
Argumedo was a founding member of a center-left political party, Frente Grande, in 1993, with Congressman Carlos Álvarez, film-maker Pino Solanas, human rights activist Graciela Fernández Meijide and others disaffected with President Carlos Menem's turn to the right.
She became a regular contributor to Página/12, and joined Nobel Peace Prize laureate Adolfo Pérez Esquivel and others in the Forum for Thought and Social Construction. Argumedo was named in 2005 to the board of directors of the Institute for the Site of Remembrance, which administers the largest former detention center used during the Dirty War as a museum.
Argumedo was among the co-founders in 2007 of Proyecto Sur, a leftist political party founded and led by Pino Solanas. She was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies in 2009 for the City of Buenos Aires, and became part of the leadership in the Education Committee. Following Solanas' departure from the Socialist Party-led Progressive Front in June 2011, he nominated Argumedo as the Proyecto Sur candidate for president in the 2011 elections.
Bibliography
El Tercer Mundo: historia, problemas y perspectivas (CEAL, 1971).
La socialización del poder y de la economía (1973)
Monopolios y Tercer Mundo (CEAL, 1975), with Pablo Franco.
Los laberintos de la crisis: América Latina: poder transnacional y comunicaciones (Folios/ILET, 1985).
Un horizonte sin certezas: América Latina ante la Revolución Científico-Técnica. (Puntosur/Ilet, 1987).
Los silencios y las voces en América Latina: notas sobre el pensamiento nacional y popular. (Colihue, 1993).
References
External links
Alcira Argumedo
Alcira Argumedo: Articles and interviews
Proyecto Sur Website
Argentine sociologists
Argentine non-fiction writers
1940 births
2021 deaths
Argentine women sociologists
Argentine women scientists
People from Rosario, Santa Fe
University of Buenos Aires alumni
University of Buenos Aires faculty
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Buenos Aires
Candidates for President of Argentina
20th-century women scientists
21st-century women scientists
Women members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
21st-century Argentine women politicians
21st-century Argentine politicians
Tom Cross (born July 31, 1958) is an American lawyer and former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives where he served from 1993 to 2015. He served as House Minority Leader from January 2002 to August 2013, when he resigned to run for Illinois Treasurer.
Early life and career
Cross served as an assistant state's attorney for Kendall County, Illinois, for eight years prior to his election to the Illinois House in the 1992 election.
Political career
During his time as House Republican leader, Cross joined with then Senate Republican leader Frank Watson to referee the "rancorous" relationship between House and Senate Democrats and Democratic Governor Rod Blagojevich.
During the 2008 Republican Party presidential primaries, Cross served as the Illinois state chairman for the presidential campaign of Rudy Giuliani. In February 2009, Cross and fellow Republican, ranking impeachment committee member Jim Durkin, spoke out about a follow-on controversy over the impeachment testimony of then-U.S. Senator Roland Burris. Burris had been named by Blagojevich to fill President Barack Obama's Senate seat, after the emergence of the corruption charges against Blagojevich but before Blagojevich's removal from office.
Burris had reportedly not mentioned fund-raising contacts allegedly made to him by Blagojevich's brother, Robert Blagojevich, in his testimony, but then filed an affidavit with Democratic impeachment committee chair Barbara Flynn Currie, listing three such contacts, shortly after February 5. Word of the new information did not reach the public, or the Republicans in the House, until its release in the Chicago Sun-Times on February 13. Cross was quoted as saying "We [Republicans] find it ironic that at the same time Democrats are forming a new committee to clean up corruption, they are sitting on critical information related to the biggest corruption scandal our state has ever seen."
2014 Candidacy for Illinois Treasurer
Incumbent Treasurer Dan Rutherford ran for Illinois Governor, leaving the seat of Illinois Treasurer open. After considering running for Illinois Attorney General, Cross decided to run for Treasurer. He faced DuPage County Auditor Bob Grogan in the Republican primary on March 18, 2014, but defeated him, 57% to 43%. Cross went on to face Democratic nominee Mike Frerichs in the general election on November 4, 2014. During the election, he was endorsed by former Treasurer and Democrat Alexi Giannoulias.
For more than two weeks after election day, the election was too close to call, but eventually Frerichs emerged as the winner of the race with a lead of over 9,000 votes out of more than 3.5 million ballots cast.
Post political career
In 2015, he joined Aurora University as distinguished fellow.
Personal life
Tom lives in Oswego with his wife and two children.
In April 2016, Cross's brother Scott came forward as being "Individual D" in the trial of former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert. Scott Cross testified that, in 1979, while a student at Yorkville High School, he was one of the victims of sexual abuse by Hastert, who was at that time a teacher and wrestling coach at that school. Tom Cross, unaware of the incident, subsequently became a political protege of Hastert's. After Scott Cross's testimony, Tom Cross issued a statement on behalf of the Cross family that said "We are very proud of Scott for having the courage to relive this very painful part of his life in order to ensure that justice is done today.. We hope his testimony will provide courage and strength to other victims of other cases of abuse to speak out and advocate for themselves.".
References
External links
Biography, bills and committees at the 98th Illinois General Assembly
By session: 98th, 97th, 96th, 95th, 94th, 93rd
House Republican Leader Tom Cross constituency site
Profile at OurCampaigns.com
House GOP Leader Tom Cross at Illinois House Republican Caucus
Collected news and commentary at the Chicago Tribune
1958 births
Living people
Illinois Republicans
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
People from Oswego, Illinois
Politicians from Nashville, Tennessee
21st-century American politicians
Aurora University faculty
