Sir Denis Henry Truscott, GBE, TD (9 July 1908 – 4 February 1989) was a British businessman who served as the Lord Mayor of London from 1957 to 1958.
References
Who Was Who
1908 births
1989 deaths
Knights Bachelor
20th-century lord mayors of London
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
British businesspeople
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Magdalene College, Cambridge
Aldermen of the City of London
Sheriffs of the City of London
External links
In enzymology, a furylfuramide isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(E)-2-(2-furyl)-3-(5-nitro-2-furyl)acrylamide (Z)-2-(2-furyl)-3-(5-nitro-2-furyl)acrylamide
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, (E)-2-(2-furyl)-3-(5-nitro-2-furyl)acrylamide, and one product, (Z)-2-(2-furyl)-3-(5-nitro-2-furyl)acrylamide.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically cis-trans isomerases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-(2-furyl)-3-(5-nitro-2-furyl)acrylamide cis-trans-isomerase. It has 2 cofactors: NAD+, and NADH.
References
EC 5.2.1
NADH-dependent enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
Crossplay (the term is a portmanteau of crossdressing and cosplay) is a type of cosplay in which the person dresses up as a character of a different gender. Crossplay's origins lie in the anime convention circuit, though, like cosplay, it has not remained exclusive to the genre. While it is similar to Rule 63 (gender-bending) cosplay, it can be differentiated by the performer becoming completely immersed in the codes of another gender, rather than picking and choosing what behavior enhances the performance.
Female-to-male crossplay
In most countries that play host to hobbyists who would call themselves cosplayers, female-to-male crossplayers (females costumed as male characters, sometimes abbreviated "FtM") are far more common, due to a variety of social and cultural factors.
Many (or even most) females will crossplay for the same reasons that they would cosplay – because they like the character and/or the costume, and wish to represent that. In Japan, female costumers tend to dominate (in numbers) the field of cosplay in general, often portraying a huge assortment of colorful characters regardless of gender.
As bishōnen are portrayed in manga and anime as liminal beings, it is considered "easier" for a female to cross-play as a bishōnen than it would be for her to crossplay as a male character from a Western series.
Male-to-female crossplay
Male-to-female crossplayers, (males costumed as female characters, sometimes abbreviated "MtF"), are somewhat more common outside Japan.
Originally, in America, a popular anime series for MtF crossplayers was Sailor Moon, creating "humorous effect and social levity".
See also
Mana – figurehead of Japan's Gothic Lolita fashion movement.
Cross-dressing
Gender bender
References
External links
An article about Crossplay on TokyoPop's website
"Sailor Bubba," recognized by a popular amateur convention journalist
BBC story on cosplay and conventions (RealVideo)
Cosplay
Cross-dressing
In optics, defocus is the aberration in which an image is simply out of focus. This aberration is familiar to anyone who has used a camera, videocamera, microscope, telescope, or binoculars. Optically, defocus refers to a translation of the focus along the optical axis away from the detection surface. In general, defocus reduces the sharpness and contrast of the image. What should be sharp, high-contrast edges in a scene become gradual transitions. Fine detail in the scene is blurred or even becomes invisible. Nearly all image-forming optical devices incorporate some form of focus adjustment to minimize defocus and maximize image quality.
In optics and photography
The degree of image blurring for a given amount of focus shift depends inversely on the lens f-number. Low f-numbers, such as to 2.8, are very sensitive to defocus and have very shallow depths of focus. High f-numbers, in the 16 to 32 range, are highly tolerant of defocus, and consequently have large depths of focus. The limiting case in f-number is the pinhole camera, operating at perhaps 100 to 1000, in which case all objects are in focus almost regardless of their distance from the pinhole aperture. The penalty for achieving this extreme depth of focus is very dim illumination at the imaging film or sensor, limited resolution due to diffraction, and very long exposure time, which introduces the potential for image degradation due to motion blur.
The amount of allowable defocus is related to the resolution of the imaging medium. A lower-resolution imaging chip or film is more tolerant of defocus and other aberrations. To take full advantage of a higher resolution medium, defocus and other aberrations must be minimized.
Defocus is modeled in Zernike polynomial format as , where is the defocus coefficient in wavelengths of light. This corresponds to the parabola-shaped optical path difference between two spherical wavefronts that are tangent at their vertices and have different radii of curvature.
For some applications, such as phase contrast electron microscopy, defocused images can contain useful information. Multiple images recorded with various values of defocus can be used to examine how the intensity of the electron wave varies in three-dimensional space, and from this information the phase of the wave can be inferred. This is the basis of non-interferometric phase retrieval. Examples of phase retrieval algorithms that use defocused images include the Gerchberg–Saxton algorithm and various methods based on the transport-of-intensity equation.
In vision
In casual conversation, the term blur can be used to describe any reduction in vision. However, in a clinical setting blurry vision means the subjective experience or perception of optical defocus within the eye, called refractive error. Blur may appear differently depending on the amount and type of refractive error. The following are some examples of blurred images that may result from refractive errors:The extent of blurry vision can be assessed by measuring visual acuity with an eye chart. Blurry vision is often corrected by focusing light on the retina with corrective lenses. These corrections sometimes have unwanted effects including magnification or reduction, distortion, color fringes, and altered depth perception. During an eye exam, the patient's acuity is measured without correction, with their current correction, and after refraction. This allows the optometrist or ophthalmologist ("eye doctor") to determine the extent refractive errors play in limiting the quality of the patient's vision. A Snellen acuity of 6/6 or 20/20, or as decimal value 1.0, is considered to be sharp vision for an average human (young adults may have nearly twice that value). Best-corrected acuity lower than that is an indication that there is another limitation to vision beyond the correction of refractive error.
The blur disk
Optical defocus can result from incorrect corrective lenses or insufficient accommodation, as, e.g., in presbyopia from the aging eye. As said above, light rays from a point source are then not focused to a single point on the retina but are distributed in a little disk of light, called the blur disk. Its size depends on pupil size and amount of defocus, and is calculated by the equation
(d = diameter in degrees visual angle, p = pupil size in mm, D = defocus in diopters).
In linear systems theory, the point image (i.e. the blur disk) is referred to as the point spread function (PSF). The retinal image is given by the convolution of the in-focus image with the PSF.
See also
Bokeh
Shape from defocus
References
Smith, Warren J., Modern Optical Engineering, McGraw–Hill, 2000, Chapter 11,
Optics
Geometrical optics
USS John M. Howard (IX-75), previously the yacht Elsie Fenimore, was an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for John Martin Howard. Ensign Howard, USNR, had graduated from the third class at the Advanced Mine School, later Mine Disposal School, and been sent to England to observe and gain experience with Royal Navy and Royal Engineers in mine disarming and disposal. He had been the first Navy mine disposal person killed when, on 11 June 1942, he was observing Lcdr. Roy Berryman Edwards, RN, DSO, BEM defusing a German TMA-1 magnetic influence naval mine that detonated on Corton sands near Lowestoft. The detonation left nothing but scatted debris from sea to cliffs and two hundred yards in each direction along the beach.
The vessel was engaged in documenting enemy ordinance, particularly mines, with assignment to the Explosives Investigation Laboratory (EIL), Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Washington, D.C. The vessel operated in nearby waters and along the Atlantic coast.
Yacht Elsie Fenimore
The vessel was built for Eldridge Reeves Fenimore Johnson by Mathis Yacht Building in Camden, New Jersey with completion in 1934 as Elsie Fenimore. This was the second Johnson yacht bearing the name with the first completed by the same yard (hull number 193, official number 227907) in 1928.
Johnson, son of Eldridge R. Johnson (founder and President of the Victor Talking Machine Company) and Elsie Reeves Fenimore Johnson, had served during World War I at the Field Artillery Officers' School and subsequently as Superintendent of the company's Experimental Department. In the year prior to the launch of his yacht, Elsie Fenimore, he had helped prepare and then participated in the 1933 Johnson-Smithsonian Deep-Sea Expedition aboard his father's yacht Caroline. He founded a research enterprise and combined his interests in yachting, exploration and science with cruises of his yacht. He was also involved with the University of Pennsylvania Museum and the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia with collections at those institutions benefiting from cruises of Elsie Fenimore.
War service
Johnson's World War II involvement at the least paralleled that of his yacht. In June 1942 he joined the United States Naval Reserves with service in the Mines Countermeasures Section, Research Division, Bureau of Ordinance until 1944 when he went to the General Ordinance School then the David W. Taylor Model Basin. His work was associated with underwater explosion testing and underwater photography. On 2 July 1942 the Navy purchased the yacht from Johnson and placed it in service at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 29 July. On 17 August 1942, in Washington, DC, Elsie Fenimore was renamed John M. Howard and commissioned 1 September 1942 with assignment to the Explosives Investigation Laboratory (EIL), renamed December 1944 as Ordnance Investigation Laboratory (OIL), located at Stump Neck, Maryland. under the Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Washington, DC, (At the time headquartered at the Naval Gun Factory, later White Oak, Maryland). The laboratory was responsible for receiving enemy ordinance, performing inerting and then documenting the ordinance and procedures to strip and disarm the weapons. As part of the studies the facility used special X-Ray examination with a one million volt Vandergraf X-Ray machine in a specially built building.
John M. Howard was assigned to conduct explosive experiments at the laboratory. About June 1943 the ship was moved to Mayport Florida. The ship was used for ordnance experiments in the Potomac River, Chesapeake Bay and various Atlantic coast ports.
John M. Howard decommissioned on 9 May 1945 at the Washington Navy Yard and was placed in service until 16 November 1945. She was returned to the Maritime Commission for disposal 24 January 1946.
Post war
The vessel was returned to the owner and resumed the name Elsie Fenimore with Johnson engaged in even more photographic and scientific work. Between 1947 and 1951 that work extended from Labrador to the Gulf of Mexico with a focus on water transparency, though other data was collected.
The vessel was registered in 1959 by the Philadelphia Council of the Boy Scouts of America as the John M. Howard. It subsequently became the Earl of Desmond, Northern Light, Caroline Rose and Kick Back. In an announcement dated 2018 the charter and tour company Windy Venue, operating in New York City, noted they were acquiring Kick Back on the west coast and refitting the vessel as Elsie Fenimore. The vessel was neglected, but found to be sound condition with original diesels still operative.
See also
Naval EOD Technology Division
Footnotes
References
1934 ships
Individual yachts
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
World War II mine warfare vessels of the United States
Ships built by the Mathis Yacht Building Company
Shaul Shimon Deutsch (born 1966) is a rabbi and author from Brooklyn, New York. Originally associated with the Chabad Hasidic community, during the mid-1990s, Deutsch attempted to form a breakaway sect and named himself the Liozna Rebbe. The attempt did not gain popular support and remains a marginal phenomenon in the Chabad Hasidic community.
Following his attempt to establish a Hasidic following, Deutsch opened and operated the Living Torah Museum in Boro Park, Brooklyn. Deutsch also runs a food charity called Oneg Shabbos.
Biography
Shaul Shimon Deutsch was ordained as a rabbi in a Lubavitch institution and married to Pe'er Deutsch. They have five children. Deutsch is the Rebbe of Anshei-Liozna, a Chasidic court that is centered in Boro Park, Brooklyn. He has been the Liozna Rebbe since 1995. The group appointed him their Rebbe at their synagogue on 45th Street in Brooklyn. He took the name of the town of Liozna in Belarus (where the early Chabad movement was founded).
The cause for Deutsch's break from Chabad is also attributed to a biography he wrote covering the early life of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the Seventh Rebbe of Chabad. Deutsch's work, despite its lack of professional editing was viewed as groundbreaking for dispelling myths held by Chabad community members concerning the Seventh Rebbe's life.
Deutsch's communal activities include:
Living Torah Museum — Deutsch's museum, the Living Torah Museum is based out of two conjoined row houses on 41st Street in Boro Park, Brooklyn. The museum's collection includes hundreds of taxidermy animals referenced in the bible.
Oneg Shabbos — Deutsch also runs a food charity, Oneg Shabbos, that feeds more than 1,000 poor people each week, with dozens of volunteers. The charity distributes $5.5 million of food annually.
Allegations of theft and fraud
Deutsch has been involved in several claims of impropriety regarding his dealings with historical artifacts. Allegations concern potential theft, fraud and forgery involving items purchased by Deutsch or items he put up for auction.
In 2008, Deutsch was accused of by an Israeli antiquities dealer of theft after an alleged reneging of full payment for an ancient artifact.
In 2019, the museum owner was sued for auctioning an artifact without the owner's permission.
In 2022, Chabad community websites alleged that Deutsch forged artifacts and permission notes from the Chana Gurary, the daughter of Joseph Isaac Schneersohn.
Books
Larger than life: The life and Times of the Lubavitcher Rebbe Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn (Volume 1), Shaul Shimon Deutsch, ~ Chasidic Historical Productions 1995 ~
Larger than life: The life and Times of the Lubavitcher Rebbe Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn (Volume 2), Shaul Shimon Deutsch, ~ Chasidic Historical Productions 1997 ~
References
External links
Website of the Living Torah Museum
1966 births
American curators
Living people
Rebbes of Chabad
American Hasidic rabbis
21st-century American rabbis
Chabad-Lubavitch Hasidim
Chabad-Lubavitch related controversies
The Moonsund landing operation (; ), also known as the Moonzund landing operation, was an amphibious operation and offensive by the Red Army during World War II, taking place in late 1944. It was part of the Baltic offensive, and was designed to clear German forces of Army Group North from the islands in East Baltic Sea, the West Estonian archipelago (Moonsund archipelago). The attacking forces were from the 8th Army of the Leningrad Front.
The Estonian islands were occupied largely by units of the German 23rd Infantry Division, which had been split across the three islands and reinforced with a variety of artillery, coastal artillery, and assault engineer detachments.
Background
The islands of Saaremaa (German: Ösel), Hiiumaa (German: Dagö) and Muhu (German: Moon) are the largest islands in the archipelago off the Northwest Estonian coast. They dominate the sea lanes to Helsinki, St. Petersburg (Leningrad), Tallinn (German: Reval) as well as the bay of Riga. They are almost completely flat, the highest point rising to about 68 metres above sea level. Most of the islands are covered in woods, marshes and fields also dominate the landscape. Much of the surrounding area of the Baltic Sea is shallow, making it unsuitable for major vessels.
The Soviet Union established garrisons on the island after the Soviet occupation of Estonia in 1940. In September–October 1941, after the German invasion of the Soviet Union, the islands were captured after German landings were launched from the Estonian west coast in Operation Beowulf.
Soviet invasion
The Red Army units assigned to the attack were the 8th Estonian Rifle Corps and 109th Rifle Corps. The troops were transported to the first beachhead at Kuivastu on Muhu Island using lend-lease landing craft, including amphibious DUKWs on 29 September 1944.
Many of these troops were Estonians, most conscripted into the ranks of the advancing Red Army as was usual as the Soviets recaptured territories. While boosting the units' strength on paper, these untrained conscripts often had limited combat abilities. The Finnish detachment Arho took part in the operations, especially on 4 and 5 October, providing logistic support to the Soviet infantry units. The Allied controlling committee for Moscow's intermediate peace treaty between the Soviet Union and Finland had asked for 100 galeases and 100 motorboats with their Finnish crews, but Finland negotiated the number of vessels to half of what was asked, 50 galeases and 50 motorboats. There were a captain, a chief motor operator and two other crew members on every galea and two crew members on every motorboat.
The initial German response was to withdraw the garrison on Muhu after weak initial resistance, destroying the causeway between Muhu and Saaremaa; they also withdrew the forces on Hiiumaa to Saaremaa, landing the 218th Infantry Division and 12th Luftwaffe Field Division as further reinforcement. The Soviet plan had originally envisaged clearing the archipelago not later than 5 October but bad weather and German resistance interfered with their advance. However, after securing Hiiumaa, Soviet forces eventually landed between Jaani and Keskvere in the north of Saaremaa on 5 October.
The German forces retreated across the island with occasional rearguard actions. They planned to make a stand at the narrow, more easily defensible Sõrve Peninsula on the southwestern side of Saaremaa. Several sharp engagements took place, most notably the Battle of Tehumardi, but by the 8th, all remaining German forces had been forced back to the peninsula. The rest of the island, including the city of Kuressaare (German: Arensburg), was now in Soviet hands, who now reinforced their attacking units with the 30th Guards Rifle Corps.
The Soviet attacks failed to make progress. The Germans had constructed solid defensive positions, built upon remnants of the Soviet positions from 1941. To provide an observation platform in the flat terrain, the Soviets launched two tethered observations balloons. From these they were able to direct artillery fire against German positions and supply columns.
The Soviets tried launching renewed amphibious attacks behind the German lines, but these were repulsed, inflicting severe losses on the attackers. A few days before the end of the battle, the Germans received effective naval gunfire support from flotillas, including the heavy cruisers Admiral Scheer and Prinz Eugen. The Soviets also had naval support, and there were several minor clashes between the respective navies. After several weeks of fighting, the most powerful German formation, the 12th Luftwaffe Field Division was pulled back to Courland on 12 November, forcing the German units back to successive defensive lines.
The number of German combat losses reported in the Soviet literature are up to 7,000 killed and 700 prisoners of war.
Withdrawal
As the tide of war turned against the Germans, Hitler increasingly forbade German forces to retreat, even from areas of dubious military value. The Germans clung to the island long after the main front had passed, removing its strategic and tactical value. As winter soon would have set in with full force, the shallow waters in the archipelago would have frozen over as well, making it impossible for the weak forces to hold successfully.
By 23 November, the German defences had become untenable, and the Army Group commander, Ferdinand Schörner, gave the order to evacuate. This was contrary to an explicit order by Adolf Hitler to fight for the island to the last man. Although Schörner got away with this, most other commanders would probably have been removed from their posts. Whether this was because of his open Nazi sympathies or Hitler secretly realizing that he had done the right thing is unknown.
By the early hours of the 24th, all of the surviving German troops had been shipped out to Ventspils (German: Windau) on the embattled Courland peninsula by a naval force under the command of Major-General Karl Henke. They numbered about 4,500 men including 700 wounded, representing around 25% of the original force. Previous casualties had been evacuated earlier, along with Soviet prisoners and a large number of Estonian civilians not wanting to again be under Soviet rule. All remaining guns and vehicles were destroyed and left behind and 1,400 horses were shot, to prevent their use by the Soviets.
Aftermath
The Soviet forces kept a large military presence on the island. Many of the old coastal artillery positions were rebuilt and modernized. The entire island of Saaremaa was declared a restricted zone and much of the territory was off-limits to civilians, including most of the Sõrve Peninsula. There was also a new wave of deportations in the late 1940s.
In popular culture
The operation is featured in the 2015 Estonian war drama 1944.
See also
Battle of Moon Sound (1917)
Citations and notes
References
"Halten bis zum letzen Mann; Der Kampf um Ösel", Interessengemeinschaft "Ösel 1941–1944", Busum 2004
Seidler, F.W., ”Verbrechen an der Wehrmacht”, Pour le Merite, 1997
Battles involving the Soviet Union
Conflicts in 1944
Baltic Sea operations of World War II
Military history of Estonia during World War II
Military operations of World War II involving Germany
Battles and operations of the Soviet–German War
Battles involving Estonia
Reichskommissariat Ostland
Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic
1944 in Estonia
Saare County
September 1944 events
October 1944 events
November 1944 events
History of Saaremaa
Gulf of Riga
Annapurna Devi Mandir (), also known as Annapurna Mata Mandir and Annapurna Mandir, is one of the most famous Hindu temples (Mandir) in the holy city of Varanasi. This temple has great religious importance in Hinduism and is dedicated to the goddess Annapurna. Annapurna is the Hindu goddess for nourishment and is a form of the goddess Parvati. The current Annapurna Mandir was constructed in the 18th century by Maratha Peshwa Bajirao I.
History
Annapurna Devi Mandir was constructed in 1729 AD by Maratha Peshwa Baji Rao.
Construction
The temple is constructed in Nagara architecture and has sanctum with large pillared porch, which houses a picture of goddess Annapurna. The temple also houses two icons of the goddess; one made of gold and other of brass. The brass icon is available for daily darshan (viewing & worship). The gold icon can be only seen once a year; on Annakut day.
Legend
In Hindu history, there are two popular beliefs behind the origin of this temple.
According to one belief, once the goddess Parvati closed all three eyes of her husband Shiva. Due to this, the entire world was filled with darkness. Parvati stole her fair complexion (Gauri form). She asked Shiva for his help to reacquire her Gauri form. Shiva asked her to donate anna (food) in Varanasi. Hence, she took the form of Annapurna (the goddess of food) with a golden pot and ladle, and donated food in Varanasi.
According to another belief, once Shiva commented that the entire world (including food) is maya (illusion). Parvati, the goddess of food, got angry and decided to demonstrate the importance of food by making all the food on earth disappear. The world started to suffer due to hunger. Shiva finally came to Parvati and acknowledged the importance of food, begging for food at her door. Parvati became happy, offered food by her own hands to Shiva and then made a kitchen in Varanasi for her devotees.
Location
Annapurna Devi Mandir is situated in Visheshwarganj, Varanasi. It is situated 15 meters North-West of the famous Kashi Vishwanath Mandir, 350 meters West of Manikarnika Ghat, 5 kilometers South-East of Varanasi Junction railway station and 4.5 kilometers North-East of Banaras Hindu University.
There is one more Annapurna Mandir, which is in Indore city, state MP.
See also
Hindu temples in Varanasi
References
18th-century Hindu temples
Hindu temples in Varanasi
18th-century establishments in India
John Welch (October 28, 1805 – August 5, 1891) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1851 to 1853.
Biography
Born near New Athens, Ohio, Welch received a liberal schooling and graduated from Franklin College.
He moved to Athens County in 1828 and settled in Rome Township.
He engaged in the milling business.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Athens, Ohio, in 1833.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Athens County 1841-1843.
He served as member of the Ohio Senate 1845-1847.
Welch was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-second Congress (March 4, 1851 – March 3, 1853).
He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1852.
He served as delegate to the Whig National Convention in 1852.
He resumed the practice of law.
Presidential elector for Republicans Fremont/Dayton in 1856
He served as judge of the court of common pleas 1862-1865.
He served as associate justice of the supreme court of Ohio 1865-1878 and was chief justice in 1877 and 1878.
He died in Athens, Ohio, August 5, 1891.
He was interred in West Union Street Cemetery.
Welch was married in 1829 to Martha Starr, who had two sons.
Publications
Notes
Sources
External links
1805 births
1891 deaths
Justices of the Ohio Supreme Court
Ohio University trustees
People from Harrison County, Ohio
People from Athens County, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Franklin College (New Athens, Ohio)
1856 United States presidential electors
Ohio Republicans
County district attorneys in Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
Baldassare Ferri (9 December 1610 – 10 September 1680) was an Italian castrato singer. He is said to have possessed "extraordinary endurance of breath, flexibility of voice and depth of emotion".
History
He was born in Perugia, and at the age of eleven was a chorister to Cardinal Crescenzi, at Orvieto, in whose service he remained until 1655, when the Swedish invasion broke up the court. Four years later the Prince, afterwards Wladislaus IV, of Poland, secured Ferri's services for the Court of Sigismund III, at Warsaw. In 1655 the singer entered the service of Ferdinand III in Vienna.
He received many honors from royalty and the nobles of various countries, and was one of the most renowned singers of his time. In 1654 he journeyed to Sweden to sing by request before Queen Christine, his voice even then being famous throughout Europe. He was made a knight of St. Mark of Venice in 1643, sonnets were written in his honor, and he was crowned by his countrymen with roses. Five years before his death Ferri returned to his native country. He died exceedingly rich and left a great deal of money to charity. His voice was a wonderful organ, a beautiful soprano, with a limpid quality that musicians of the time declared was "indescribable." His intonation was perfect and all musicians spoke of his length of breath which was almost inexhaustible, and at all times his singing was quiet and expressive.
References
Castrati
1610 births
1680 deaths
People from Perugia
17th-century Italian male actors
17th-century Italian opera singers
The 1982 Enfield Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Enfield London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
The Talofofo Pillbox is a historic World War II-era defensive fortification in Talofofo, Guam. It is located near the coast, about south of the mouth of the Togcha River and inland from the high-tide line. It is roughly , built out of concrete and coral limestone. Its walls are about thick, with an embrasure providing a view of the Togcha River, and a window looking over the coast to the east. Its entrance is on the landward (south) side. This structure was built under the direction of the Imperial Japanese Army during its occupation of Guam in 1941–44.
The pillbox was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Guam
References
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Guam
World War II on the National Register of Historic Places in Guam
1940s establishments in Guam
Talofofo, Guam
Boulevard was a Finnish rock band, which was founded in 1983, by Kyösti Laihi and Erkki Korhonen. The band mainly played at clubs and bars. After their start, they were joined by Matti Auranen and Tuomo Tepsa. Other members of the band included Juha Lanu, Kari Vehkaluoto and Jari Puhakka.
The group became best known for representing Finland at the Eurovision Song Contest on two consecutive years
1987 - Vicky Rosti's backing group with the song Sata salamaa (A hundred lightnings), finished 15th place with 32 points.
1988 - Performers of the song Nauravat silmät muistetaan (Laughing eyes are remembered), finished 20th place with 3 points.
The group disbanded in 1994.
Discography
Sata salamaa (1987)
Nauravat silmät muistetaan (1988)
Nauravat silmät (1988)
External links
Boulevard: Take him home, the Eurovision Song Contest Trial Presentation YLE Living Archive
Finnish schlager groups
Boulevards in Finland
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Finland
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1987
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1988
Boomerang was a 24-hour cable television channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery under its International division. It was a localization of the original United States channel initially launched in 2001 and primarily carried classic Warner Bros. and Hanna-Barbera cartoons. In 2006 it was relaunched as a youth-oriented service. The network would relaunch once more in 2008, now focusing exclusively on teenagers, before becoming the first Boomerang feed in the world to undergo the 2014–15 worldwide rebrand on 28 September 2014.
The channel was replaced by Cartoonito on December 1, 2021 on 6am across Latin America.
History
Launching of Boomerang (2001–06)
Boomerang was launched on 2 July 2001 with the same graphics and programming from the US variant of the channel. It used to air classic Hanna-Barbera cartoons that had been dropped from the Latin American variant of Cartoon Network back then.
As general children's service (2006–07)
On 3 April 2006, Boomerang was relaunched as a general children's entertainment network, introducing a logo and on-air branding style identical to that of Pogo (a Turner-owned kids channel in India). Classic cartoons were pushed to the overnight and early morning hours, while the daytime lineup began to feature live-action and animated series; this also encompassed a variation of the Tiny TV block, Mini TV.
As teen-oriented channel (2008–14)
In January 2008, (June 2008 in Latin America) in the Brazilian and Mexican localized feeds, the channel modified its logo and relaunched again, now solely broadcasting original and third-party-produced shows aimed at teenagers. All classical animation was moved over to Tooncast, a separate 24-hour channel that launched in December of that year. The channel aired some successful blocks, such as Boombox, which consisted of interviews with different artists and featuring live concerts in Latin America, the US, and later, the United Kingdom. On 1 April 2009, the channel launched a mobile service. Outside of Latin America, the channel is an associate member of the Caribbean Cable Cooperative. By mid-2010, the channel's logo was slightly modified. By May 2011, it was the only Boomerang channel in the world that would not air any animated content.
Relaunch as kids and family channel (2014–21)
On 1 April 2014, cartoon programming returned to the daytime schedule. It was later confirmed that the channel would be part of the worldwide rebranding which took place later on 28 September that year.
Replacement by Cartoonito (2021)
In October 2021, it was announced on SKY Brasil's lineup that Boomerang would be replaced by Cartoonito on December 1. Shortly after that, the Argentine pay television service Telered announced the replacement for the rest of Latin America on the same date. And by December 1, 2021, Boomerang was replaced by Cartoonito throughout Latin America.
Programming
Logo history
See also
Boomerang (TV network)
Boomerang (British and Irish TV channel)
Cartoon Network (Latin American TV channel)
Cartoonito (brand)
Cartoonito (Latin American TV channel)
Tooncast
External links
Boomerang Latin America Archived official website (Archived on 15 May 2021)
References
Warner Bros. Discovery Americas
Television channels and stations established in 2001
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2021
The 1153 papal election followed the death of Pope Eugene III and resulted in the election of Pope Anastasius IV.
Election of Anastasius IV
Pope Eugenius III died on 8 July 1153 at Tivoli. On 12 July the cardinals elected as his successor cardinal Corrado Demetri della Suburra, bishop of Sabina and dean of the College of Cardinals, who was 80 years old. He took the name Anastasius IV and was crowned on the same day, probably in Rome.
Cardinal-electors
There were 35 cardinals in the Sacred College of Cardinals in July 1153, but it seems that no more than 30 (perhaps even fewer) participated in the election:
Six electors were created by Pope Innocent II, five by Pope Celestine II, six by Pope Lucius II, twelve by Pope Eugenius III and one by Pope Paschalis II.
Absentees
Notes
Sources
Ian Stuart Robinson, The Papacy 1073-1198. Continuity and Innovation, Cambridge University Press 1990
Philipp Jaffé, Regesta pontificum Romanorum ab condita Ecclesia ad annum post Christum natum MCXCVIII, vol. II, Leipzig 1888
Johannes M. Brixius, Die Mitglieder des Kardinalkollegiums von 1130-1181, Berlin 1912
Barbara Zenker, Die Mitglieder des Kardinalkollegiums von 1130 bis 1159, Würzburg 1964
Klaus Ganzer, Die Entwicklung des auswärtigen Kardinalats im hohen Mittelalter, Tübingen 1963
12th-century elections
1153
1153
1153 in Europe
12th-century Catholicism
Palchikovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Mustafinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 16 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Palchikovo is located 28 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mustafino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Puretty () was a South Korean girl group formed by DSP Media. The group debuted in Japan in 2012 through the anime series Pretty Rhythm: Dear My Future, where fictionalized versions of the members appeared as the secondary cast, and their songs, "Check it Love" and "Shuwa Shuwa Baby", were used as the series' ending theme songs. Despite plans for them to make their Korean debut, the group disbanded in January 2014, with DSP Media announcing the possibility of its members becoming part of other groups in the future.
History
In January 2012, DSP Media announced that they would be debuting a sister group to Kara and Rainbow. Temporarily nicknamed the DSP Girls, the group revealed plans to debut simultaneously in both Korea and Japan through the 2012 video game and anime Pretty Rhythm: Dear My Future, with fictionalized versions of the members as the secondary cast. Puretty would sometimes feature alongside Prizmmy at the end of each episode of Pretty Rhythm: Dear My Future in a segment called "Pretty Rhythm Studios." In the Korean dub of the series, the members of Puretty had their own live-action segment titled "Charming School at Prism Stone."
Puretty held their first official performance at the Tokyo Toy Show 2012 on 15 June, promoting their debut Japanese single "Check it Love". In August 2012, they performed at A-Nation. In January 2013, the group released their second single, "Shuwa Shuwa Baby."
Disbandment
On 17 January 2014, DSP Media announced that the group had been disbanded with the possibility of its members debuting into other groups in the future.
Members
Yoo Hye-in (유혜인)
Cho Shi-yoon (조시윤)
Yoon Chae-kyung (윤채경)
Jeon So-min (전소민)
Jeon Jae-un (전재은)
Discography
Japanese discography
Singles
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Musical groups established in 2012
K-pop music groups
South Korean pop music groups
South Korean dance music groups
South Korean girl groups
Japanese-language singers
2012 establishments in South Korea
Universal Music Japan artists
Musical groups disestablished in 2014
DSP Media artists
Pretty Rhythm
The Duke Blue Devils basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Duke Blue Devils basketball program in various categories, including points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Blue Devils represent Duke University in the NCAA's Atlantic Coast Conference.
Duke began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1905. However, the school's record book does not generally list records from before the 1950s, as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent. Since scoring was much lower in this era, and teams played much fewer games during a typical season, it is likely that few or no players from this era would appear on these lists anyway.
The NCAA did not officially record assists as a stat until the 1983–84 season, and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season, but Duke's record books includes players in these stats before these seasons. These lists are updated through the end of the 2020–21 season.
Scoring
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
References
Lists of college basketball statistical leaders by team
Statistical
The U.S. state of Vermont currently has one congressional district, whose Representative in the United States House of Representatives is elected statewide at-Large. At one time, however, it had as many as six districts.
Current (until 2023 inauguration) district and representative
Obsolete districts
, obsolete since reapportionment after the 1930 census
, obsolete since reapportionment after the 1930 census
, obsolete since reapportionment after the 1880 census
, obsolete since reapportionment after the 1850 census
, obsolete since reapportionment after the 1840 census
, only used from 1821 to 1823, and obsolete since reapportionment after the 1820 census
Jacob Joseph Pugsley (January 25, 1838 – February 5, 1920) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1887 to 1891.
Biography
Born in Dutchess County, New York, Pugsley moved to Ohio with his parents in 1839.
He graduated from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Dayton, Ohio.
He moved to Hillsboro, Ohio, and continued the practice of law.
In 1866, he married Cornelia Dabney Price. They had a daughter, Nannie Price Pugsley.
Political career
He served as a member of the State house of representatives 1880–1883.
He served in the Ohio Senate in 1886 and 1887.
Pugsley was elected as a Republican to the Fiftieth and Fifty-first Congresses (March 4, 1887 – March 3, 1891).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1890.
Death
He died in Hillsboro, Ohio on February 5, 1920.
He was interred in Hillsboro Cemetery.
References
Sources
External links
1838 births
1920 deaths
People from Dutchess County, New York
People from Hillsboro, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Miami University alumni
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Magyartelek is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The South Fork Rogue River is a tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Rising in the Sky Lakes Wilderness in the Cascade Range, it flows generally northeast through the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest to meet the Rogue River downstream of Prospect and slightly upstream of Lost Creek Lake.
Course
The river begins in Klamath County in the Sky Lakes Wilderness of the Cascade Range. It flows north from Horseshoe Lake for about before turning northeast and entering Jackson County, leaving the wilderness area and entering the Rogue River–Siskiyou National Forest. Over its next , the river flows under Forest Road 37 at Upper South Fork Bridge, passes Upper South Fork Campground and receives Parker Creek from the left near Parker Meadows Campground, then Little Billie, Wickiup, and Sam creeks from the right. Below this, it receives Big Ben Creek from the right. The river then flows under Lower South Fork Bridge, which carries Forest Road 37, and by South Fork Campground, which is on the left. Below the bridge, the river receives Nichols and Green creeks from the right and Lodgepole Creek from the left. Imnaha Creek enters from the right at about river mile (RM) 10.5 or river kilometer (RK) 16.9 just above the South Fork diversion dam.
Turning west below the dam, the South Fork flows by a United States Geological Survey (USGS) stream gauge, which is on the left at RM 10.2 (RK 16.4). Buck Creek enters from the left about from the mouth, and the Middle Fork Rogue River enters from the right shortly thereafter. About further downstream, Beaver Dam Creek enters from the left, and Smith Creek enters from the left about later. The South Fork meets the Rogue River main stem near the head of Lost Creek Lake and about from the larger river's mouth on the Pacific Ocean.
Recreation
The river, lightly fished on its upper reaches, supports wild rainbow, coastal cutthroat, and brook trout. Campgrounds near or along the river include those at Joseph H. Stewart State Recreation Area, Imnaha, South Fork, Parker Meadows, and Upper South Fork. Hiking trails include Upper South Fork Trail 986, a primitive trail through South Fork Canyon near the headwaters to near Upper South Fork Bridge and Forest Road 37; Middle South Fork Trail, an easy trail between the upper and lower South Fork bridges, and Lower South Fork Trail, an easy trail between Lower South Fork Bridge and Imnaha Creek. Whitewater boating of the highest difficulty, Class 5, is possible at times on the Middle Fork Rogue River and on the South Fork below its confluence with the Middle Fork. The gorge through which this part of the Middle and South forks flow is sometimes impassable because of log jams. The entire run, including the gorge, requires scouting and expert ability, and "is no place for the faint of heart or the claustrophobic". Below the gorge, the South Fork is class 3 to the mouth.
See also
List of rivers of Oregon
References
External links
Rogue Basin Watershed councils
Rogue River (Oregon)
Rivers of Oregon
Rivers of Jackson County, Oregon
Hermippus or Hermippos may refer to one of the following:
Hermippus (fl. 5th century BC), an Athenian playwright
Hermippus of Smyrna (fl. 3rd century BC), a philosopher and biographer
Hermippus of Berytus (fl. 2nd century AD), a grammarian and biographer
Hermippus (spider), a genus of spiders in the family Zodariidae
Jingle Cats and its follow-up Jingle Dogs are a series of Christmas novelty song albums from producer Mike Spalla. A third series was released in 1997 titled Jingle Babies. Jingle Cats and Jingle Dogs were released as albums and videos. A 1998 video game of Jingle Cats was released in Japan.
Releases
The songs are created by Spalla who mixes actual animal sounds to match tones of the songs. He started with a version of "Jingle Bells" that was released to radio stations a few years before the full album came out. In all, it took more than 1,000 meows, screeches and growls to assemble 20 melodies.
Meowy Christmas was released on CD and cassette in 1993 to wide United States media coverage within its first week. The album reached number 86 on a Billboard chart and was sold out a week before Christmas. The following year, Meowy Christmas was placed on the Billboard top 10 catalog album chart. The second album, Here Comes Santa Claws, was released in 1994 with "3,000 brand-new meows and new arrangements". Here Comes Santa Claws starred Spalla's cats Sprocket, Twizzler, Binky, Cheese Puff, Clara, Cueball, Graymer, Max, and Petunia. Spalla played the accordion and the background music was from his dog, Klippy Kloppy. Its success resulted in a national tour and live television appearances. A spin-off series starring Jingle Dogs was released on September 11, 1995 titled Christmas Unleashed. On October 23, 1995, a VHS was released that features the Jingle Cats singing and dancing. Jingle Dogs received a VHS release in 1996 alongside a Jingle Cats VHS. The Jingle Cats album Rhythm and Mews was released in 2002. The Jingle Dogs CD Puppy Holidays was released in 2008. In 2009, the album First Meowel was released on iTunes as well as the official website and starred the cats Messifur, Jumper, Ally, and Christmas Tree Face with dog noises in the background. In 2008, Jingle Cats Christmas was released on DVD with songs from the Jingle Cats and the Jingle Dogs.
Merchandise
A mail order catalog sold Jingle Cats t-shirts, buttons, and stickers. Hallmark Cards signed a four-year contract to sell Jingle Cats singing cards in 2008 and over 125,000 cards sold within the first three months. The song "Jingle Cats Medley" played in the film Fred Claus. A 1998 video game was released for the PlayStation in Japan titled . The player is given the task of taking care of the Jingle Cats by interacting with them in various ways, having to fill up a "love-o-meter" before time runs out. Writing for The Believer, Blake Butler notes that "the object is to breed and care for cats, which begin to sing when they're done copulating". The video game was not released internationally.
Reception
In 1995, Here Comes Santa Claws won a Billie Award from Billboard for point-of-purchase category. David Wharton of the Los Angeles Times said, "Yet for every person who listens to 'Jingle Cats' and hears only screeching, there are cat lovers who hear a symphony."
After following up what Billboard called "excellent" Jingle Cats and Jingle Dogs albums, Spalla produced a Jingle Babies album for which Billboard described the series as having hit a "brick wall". Ashley Naftule of Phoenix New Times reviewed Jingle Cats and said, "Don't be fooled by its kitschy name: A more accurate title for the project would be The Wretched Mewling Of The Damned." Blake Butler wrote a review of the Jingle Babies release Rockabye Christmas in The Believer saying, "I imagine these boggled carols funneled loudly into malls, sending people running from the Gap and Sharper Image back to hide inside their homes, to wrap the roof with enough colored light to keep the dark out, fearing what other kind of man might slide down the chimney."
See also
Cat Organ, a conjectural musical instrument using live cats
The Singing Dogs, a classic novelty recording project from the 1950s
References
External links
Jingle Cats official site
1990s Christmas albums
2000s Christmas albums
Cats in popular culture
Zoomusicology
Roommates is an American television sitcom developed by ABC Family and Acme Productions that premiered on March 23, 2009. On April 29, 2009, it was announced that Roommates would not return for a second season.
Overview
The show focuses on a group of twentysomethings who move in together after college. The show is ABC Family's first scripted half-hour comedy.
The series follows five very different characters and their struggles through life. The main focus of the show revolves around Mark, a struggling actor, who thinks his dream has come true when he runs into high school crush Katie and finds she is looking for a new roommate. Mark takes the chance, moves in, and starts to find a way to win her heart. Katie, who is completely oblivious to Mark's motives, has a hard time getting over her previous boyfriend, Ben, and looks to Mark for support.
The other two roommates, Hope and James, both have their own problems. Hope is longing for an upscale job after losing her job at the television studio, and James brings in a slapstick sensibility as he takes a delight in watching Mark's attempts to "woo" Katie. The series also includes Thom, Mark's ex-roommate, who feels he is destined to help Mark in his quest to be a unit with Katie.
Cast and characters
Main
Tyler Francavilla as Mark Fletcher
Dorian Brown as Katie Bowman
Tamera Mowry as Hope Daniels
Tommy Dewey as James
David Weidoff as Thom
Recurring and special appearances
Tim Reid as Mr. Stanley Daniels
Yara Brighton as Alex the Barista
Tony Yalda as Winston
Marilu Henner as James' mother
Felicia Day as Alyssa
Episodes
Each episode began with the title "The" similar to Seinfeld. Only thirteen episodes of the series were aired before it was cancelled.
Response
Ratings
Episode 1 followed the season finale of The Secret Life of the American Teenager, which had 4.49 million viewers.
Episode 2 followed the season premiere of Greek, which had 991,000 viewers.
Series cancellation
ABC Family canceled Roommates after only six episodes. Roommates was an attempt by ABC Family to push towards an older audience by stepping out of the teen demographic. Star Tamera Mowry told TV.com that "the tone was more along the lines of ABC Family's hit Greek, which targets older teens and younger adults."
References
External links
2000s American sitcoms
2009 American television series debuts
2009 American television series endings
ABC Family original programming
Television shows set in New York City
English-language television shows
Television series by Disney–ABC Domestic Television
This is a list of public art in Flintshire, north-east Wales. Flintshire borders the English county of Cheshire to the east, Denbighshire to the west and Wrexham County Borough to the south. It is named after the historic county of Flintshire which had very different borders. This list applies only to works of public art on permanent display in an outdoor public space and does not, for example, include artworks in museums.
Bagillt
Buckley
Caergwrle
Caerwys
Connah's Quay
Ffynnongroyw
Flint
Hawarden
Mold
Rhosesmor
References
Flintshire
Flintshire
General Frederick Rennell Thackeray (1775 – 19 September 1860) was a senior British Army officer.
Early life
Thackeray was born in Windsor, Berkshire, a younger son of physician Dr Frederick Thackeray, and a grandson of Thomas Thackeray, headmaster of Harrow School. His first cousin once removed was the writer William Makepeace Thackeray.
Military career
He entered the Royal Military Academy in Woolwich and became a second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery in 1793 but transferred to the Royal Engineers the following year. He served from 1793 at Gibraltar, where he was promoted first lieutenant in 1796, and then transferred to the West Indies in 1797. He took part, on 20 August 1799, in the capture of Surinam under Sir Thomas Trigge. In 1801 he was aide-de-camp to Trigge at the capture of the Swedish West India island of St. Bartholomew, the Dutch island of St. Martin and the Danish islands of St. Thomas and St. John.
In 1807, now a captain, he was sent to Sicily, from where he proceeded to Egypt with the expedition under Major-General Alexander Mackenzie Fraser, returning to Sicily in September. In 1809 Thackeray was the commanding Royal Engineer with a force under Lieutenant-Colonel Haviland Smith, and was detached by Lieutenant-General Sir John Stuart to make an attack on the castle of Scylla, which Thackeray directed with such skill that although his siege was raised by a superior French force, the castle had by then become untenable and had to be blown up.
In 1810 Thackeray was sent from Messina to join Colonel John Oswald in the Ionian Islands with orders to take part in the siege of the fortress of Santa Maura on the island of Lefkada. The position of the fortress on a long narrow isthmus of sand rendered it difficult to approach, and it was not only well supplied, but contained casemated barracks for a garrison of eight hundred men under General Camus. The now-General Oswald effected a landing on 23 March and the enemy were driven out of their forward entrenchments at bayonet point by the 35th Regiment of Foot. Large working parties were at once sent in and the entrenchment converted into a secure lodgement from which the British infantry and sharpshooters were so able to distress the artillery of the fort that it surrendered. Thackeray was mentioned in general orders and in despatches and received on 19 May 1810 a brevet majority in special recognition of his services on this occasion.
Major Thackeray sailed in July 1812 with the Anglo-Sicilian army under Lieutenant-General Frederick Maitland and landed at Alicante in August. He took part in the operations of this army, which, after Maitland's resignation in October, was successively commanded by Generals Mackenzie, William Henry Clinton, Colin Campbell, and Sir John Murray, who arrived in February 1813. In 1813 Thackeray marched with them from Alicante to attack General Suchet, and was at the capture of Alcoy. He also took part in the Battle of Castalla when Suchet was defeated. In May 1813 he embarked with the army, fourteen thousand strong, with a powerful siege train and ample engineer stores, for Tarragona, where they disembarked in June. Thackeray directed the siege operations, and by 8 June a practicable breach was made in Fort Royal, an outwork over four hundred yards in advance of the place.
Thackeray was promoted to be lieutenant-colonel in the Royal Engineers in July 1813. He had moved, at the end of June, with Lord William Bentinck's army to Alicante, and was at the occupation of Valencia on 9 July, and at the Siege of Tarragona on 30 July. He took part in the other operations of the army under Bentinck and his successor, Sir William Clinton. During October and November Thackeray was employed in rendering Tarragona once more defensible. In April 1814, by Wellington's orders, Clinton's army was broken up, and Thackeray returned to England in ill-health.
At the beginning of 1815 he was appointed commanding Royal Engineer at Plymouth, transferred to Gravesend in 1817, and thence to Edinburgh in 1824 as commanding Royal Engineer of North Britain. He was promoted to be colonel in the Royal Engineers on 2 June 1825 and made a Companion of the Bath on 26 September 1831.
In 1833 he was appointed commanding Royal Engineer in Ireland and promoted to be major-general on 10 January 1837 when he retired. He was made a colonel-commandant of the Corps of Royal Engineers on 29 April 1846, was promoted lieutenant-general later that year, and made full General on 20 June 1854.
Death
He died at his home in Windlesham, Bagshot, Surrey, on 19 September 1860, and was buried at York Town, Farnborough. He had married Lady Elizabeth Margaret Carnegie, third daughter of William, 7th Earl of Northesk. Lady Elizabeth, three sons, and five daughters survived him. His daughter Mary Elizabeth married the lawyer and historian John William Willis-Bund.
References
1775 births
1860 deaths
People from Windsor, Berkshire
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
British Army generals
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Royal Artillery officers
Royal Engineers officers
British Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
British Army personnel of the Peninsular War
Military personnel from Berkshire
Burials in Surrey
Thorp Ridges () is a three almost parallel ridges standing 18 nautical miles (33 km) west of Stor Hanakken Mountain in Enderby Land. Plotted from air photos taken from ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) aircraft in 1956. Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for A. Thorp, electrical fitter at Wilkes Station in 1961.
References
Ridges of Enderby Land
This is a list of German tariffs.
1834: Zollverein
1879: German tariff of 1879
1885: German tariff of 1885
1887: German tariff of 1887
1902: German tariff of 1902
1925: German tariff of 1925
1968: European Economic Community (Common External Tariff completed 1 July)
Tariffs
Foreign trade of Germany
Table tennis at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games is being held in the Pertamina Sports Hall, in Simpruk, Jakarta, Indonesia from 12 to 18 October 1997.
Participating nations
A total of 69 athletes from eight nations are competing in table tennis at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games:
Medalists
Medal table
References
External links
1997
Southeast Asian Games
Table tennis competitions in Indonesia
1997 Southeast Asian Games events
Jakarta
Jacobus Tertius Delport (born 16 October 1939 in Humansdorp) is a former South African parliamentarian who played a significant role with Joe Slovo in drafting the new South African Constitution. Initially a member of the National Party, he later defected to the Democratic Party (now the Democratic Alliance).
Early life
He completed his BA LLB at the University of Stellenbosch and was awarded an LLD at the University of Port Elizabeth, where he also served as the Dean of Law Faculty (1976–87)
Political career
He entered politics in 1987 as an MP, serving as Minister of Local Government in President F.W. de Klerk's government.
On 9 February 2009, Delport delivered his farewell address to Parliament, critiquing President Kgalema Motlanthe's recent State of the Nation Address and lamenting what he called South Africa's "downward spiral".
References
Living people
White South African people
Democratic Alliance (South Africa) politicians
Government ministers of South Africa
Stellenbosch University alumni
1939 births
The Chinook Observer is a weekly newspaper serving the Long Beach Peninsula of Washington state. It is named after Chinook, Washington, where the paper was founded in 1900 by George Hibbert and Frank Gaither.
Hibbert sold the paper to John and Margaret Durkee in about 1923, who sold it to Bill Clancey in 1933, adding James O'Neil as a co-owner in 1937. O'Neil moved the paper to Long Beach, Washington in 1938. The paper was purchased by Craig and Geri Dennis in 1984, then purchased in 1988 by the East Oregonian Publishing Company, now called the EO Media Group and printed at The Daily Astorian. Matt Winters — a 1983 graduate of the University of Wyoming College of Law — became the paper's editor in 1991, and remained in that position as of 2019.
The Observer has a circulation of about 5,000. Its staff has won hundreds statewide awards in recent years, often finishing first, second or third in annual General Excellence judging, most recently winning first place in 2017. In 2018, the Chinook Observer won the statewide Public Service Award from the Washington Newspaper Publishers Association in recognition of its coverage of immigration issues and ICE enforcement activities.
The original Linotype machine, a Mergenthaler, was taken out of service in the 1970s and is on loan to the Columbia Pacific Heritage Museum in Ilwaco, Washington.
References
External links
History of Chinook, George Hibbert, Pacific County Historical Society, 1979
Library of Congress "Chronicling America" entry
Several items in The Washington Newspaper, Vol. 7 (1921)
Newspapers published in Washington (state)
Pacific County, Washington
"Lovin' You Baby" is the debut single of New Zealand singer Annabel Fay, released from her debut album, Annabel Fay. It was co-written by Annabel Fay and produced by Brady Blade. The single was officially released in New Zealand via Siren Records on 27 November 2006. It became a top-10 hit in her home country.
Chart performance
"Lovin' You Baby" entered the New Zealand Top 40 Singles chart at number 40 on 11 December 2006. It peaked at number nine on 15 January 2007, where it stayed for a week. The song spent a total of eight weeks on the chart and is Fay's best chart placing to date.
Music video
The music video begins with Annabel Fay arriving at a theatre-like venue with a group of her friends. She is then seen in a black outfit on stage, singing and dancing with an entourage of male dancers and red umbrellas.
Charts
References
2006 debut singles
2006 songs
The Homerun Range () is a northwest-trending mountain range, 45 km (28 mi) long and 3 to 11 km (2 to 7 mi) wide, east of Everett Range at the heads of the Ebbe and Tucker glaciers in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Its name derives from "Homerun Bluff," a field name of the southern party of NZFMCAE, 1962–63, used to denote a turning point in their traverse at this range to the airlift point and return to Scott Base. The entire range was mapped by the USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1960–63.
The range's mountains include Mount LeResche (2040m) and Mount Shelton (2485m).
References
Mountain ranges of Victoria Land
Senecio elegans is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names redpurple ragwort, purple groundsel, wild cineraria and purple ragwort.
Description
It is an annual herb producing a single, erect, branching stem which grows to a maximum height around 60 centimeters. The leaves have blades up to about 8 centimeters long which are deeply cut or divided into several toothed lobes. The herbage is somewhat hairy and glandular, sticky to the touch. The inflorescence bears flower heads lined with black-tipped phyllaries. They contain many yellowish disc florets at the center. Each has usually 13 ray florets 1 to 1.5 centimeters long which can be most any shade of red-purple.
Distribution
It is native to southern Africa, and it is cultivated as an ornamental plant for its colorful flowers. It has been known to escape cultivation and become naturalized in areas of appropriate climate; it can be found growing wild in parts of New Zealand, Australia, the Azores, and on the Central Coast of California. It favors a Mediterranean climate, often on the coast.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Flora of North America
PlantZAfrica.com
Photo gallery
elegans
Flora of South Africa
Flora naturalised in Australia
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Easy Aces is an American comedy television program that was broadcast on the DuMont network from December 14, 1949, until June 14, 1950. It was also syndicated during its time on the network.
Easy Aces was an adaptation of the radio program of the same name, but media critic John Crosby commented, "The show doesn't resemble the Easy Aces of radio very closely". The husband and wife team of Goodman Ace and Jane Ace starred. His "witty, intelligent" persona contrasted with her character's "charming bundle of malapropisms." They portrayed a married couple who lived in the suburbs. Betty Garde portrayed Jane's mother. Episodes were staged in a set that represented the Aces' home, with each episode beginning with the couple watching television. A camera provided viewers with a closeup of the TV set's picture, and the action on the TV set formed the basis for the Aces' comments during the episode. The concept was described as a "television show within a television show".
The filmed program was broadcast on Wednesday nights from 7:45 to 8 p.m. Eastern Time. Its competition was a news broadcast on NBC and The Earl Wrightson Show on CBS. Ziv Television Programs produced the show. Jeanne Harrison was the director. Goodman Ace, George Foster, and Mort Green were the writers. The Phillips Food Company sponsored the program in the 15 markets reached by DuMont.
References
1949 American television series debuts
1950 American television series endings
1940s American television series
1950s American crime television series
DuMont Television Network original programming
English-language television shows
Television series by Ziv Television Programs
Granny O'Grimm's Sleeping Beauty is a six-minute-long CG/flash animated socially satirical black comedy short film written by Kathleen O'Rourke, directed by Nicky Phelan and produced by Darragh O'Connell of Brown Bag Films in 2008. The plot centers on Granny O'Grimm, a seemingly sweet old lady, who loses the plotline as she tells her own version of Sleeping Beauty to her terrified granddaughter. The short was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 82nd Academy Awards but lost to Logorama.
Plot
Production
Granny O'Grimm started life as a character in a sketch in The Fallen Angels Cabaret, a comedy show in which creator Kathleen O'Rourke was involved. There it was developed and performed, development continuing later with John Walsh and Kathleen. Director Nicky Phelan saw Granny O'Grimm's potential as an animated character and, with Brown Bag Films, production began in 2008. Kathleen O'Rourke reprised her role to voice the character in the short film. The film received funding from the Irish Film Board, RTÉ and the Arts Council through the ‘Frameworks' scheme. It has received 11 national and international awards including the Newport Beach Film Festival (Outstanding Achievement in Short Films), Cinegael Montreal (Audience Award, Best Short) and the Heart of Gold Film Festival, Australia (Best Comedy).
Awards and nominations
In January 2010, the film's Director, Nicky Phelan and Producer Darragh O'Connell were nominated for Best Animated Short Film at the 82nd Academy Awards ending up losing to Logorama. It was also included in the Animation Show of Shows.
References
External links
Official Site
Granny O'Grimm's Sleeping Beauty
2008 films
2008 animated films
2008 short films
2000s animated short films
English-language Irish films
Fairy tale parody films
Films based on Sleeping Beauty
Irish animated short films
2008 black comedy films
2008 comedy films
Irish black comedy films
2000s English-language films
Pondus is a comic strip created by the Norwegian cartoonist Frode Øverli. Since its start in 1995, it has become one of the most successful comic strips in Scandinavia. It has been translated to several languages, including Danish, English, German, Finnish, French, Icelandic, Latin, Sami, Swedish and Esperanto.
In 2000 it inspired its own magazine.
Publication history
Øverli initially developed a strip titled A-laget (A-team) in 1995, prior to leaving the magazine Pyton. This early version focused on three characters who were fanatical football-supporters. By the time the strip in its earliest form was first published in a small local newspaper Vest-Nytt of Sotra on October 28, 1995, it had taken the name Pondus. In 1996 it began a four-year run as a supporting strip in the Norwegian magazine devoted to Bud Grace's Ernie, leading to its breakthrough on April 2, 1997, when it was taken on as a daily strip in national distribution newspaper Dagbladet.
On July 4, 2000, it began publication in its own Pondus magazine, as the first Norwegian strip to ever carry its own monthly publication. This was followed on June 6, 2001 with the launch of a Swedish sister magazine. The strip runs daily in more than 80 Norwegian newspapers, and is syndicated to several international publications, most notably Swedish Dagens Nyheter, Danish Berlingske Tidende, and Icelandic Frettabladid.
As of 2007's first issue, Pondus magazine left publisher Schibsted to continue its run with publisher Egmont. In a simultaneous event, the character Pondus quit his job as a bus driver, and bought a pub.
Frode Øverli has twice received the Sproing Award for Pondus, in 1998 and 2003, and the Adamson Award in 2006.
Characters
Pondus' family
Pondus - the main character, a late-thirties, football fanatic family man.
Beate - Pondus' wife.
Påsan/Kevin - Pondus' teenage son.
Sneipen/Frida - Pondus' baby daughter.
Bjarne - the family's exceptionally stupid dog.
Jokke's family
Jokke - Pondus cool friend and a former notoriously pathetic pursuer of ugly women.
Camilla - Jokke's girlfriend, and the mother of their child. Broke up but are together now.
Else - Jokke's mother and wife of Günther.
Günther - Jokke's bald, German midget stepfather.
Jacobsen - Jokke's father, a former jailbird.
Gordon - Jokke and Camilla's baby.
Other characters
Turid-Laila - a stunning blonde barmaid at Pondus' pub.
Kjakan - an awkward teenager and Påsan's best friend.
Harold & Selma - long-time friends of Beate whom Pondus find dull.
Hugo & Ivar - two (former) colleagues of Pondus with geek interests.
Reidar - a car mechanic of the greediest sort.
Roger - an awful comics creator.
Ponny-Petra - the most notorious of Jokke's female acquaintances.
Dr. Zimmerknaben - an unorthodox psychiatrist.
Zlatan - a black metal-guy who works in Jokke's shop.
Publications
Pondus magazine
The Pondus magazine has been a monthly publication since 2000. The line-up of past and current guest strips are:
Rutetid, also by Øverli, in the one-panel format.
The Duplex by Glenn McCoy
Eon by Lars Lauvik
Holger og Hagbart by Arne Bye
The Flying McCoys by Glenn and Gary McCoy
M by Mads Eriksen
MonoMania by Thomas S. Hansen
Piray by Karine Haaland
Prim by Bodil Revhaug
RedakTom by Tom Ostad
Rocky by Martin Kellerman
Pondus albums
There have so far been 9 digest albums, all but the seventh given football-related titles. English translations appended:
1. Første omgang (2001, Schibsted, ) First Half
2. Andre omgang (2002, Schibsted, ) Second Half
3. Hat trick (2003, Schibsted, ) In reference to football's hat-trick, a 3-goal accomplishment.
4. Flat firer (2004, Schibsted, ) Flat Four. A reference to the "back four" in soccer, which normally involves four defenders, flat in reference to the defence forming a straight line, to execute an offside trap. The cover displays Pondus playing football, having just "flattened" the opponent player #4.
5. Fem rette (2005, Schibsted, ) Five Correct. A reference to the Norwegian football pools betting on 12 matches, with prizes awarded for 10, 11, or 12 successful predictions. 5 is a very poor result.
6. 0-6 (2006, Schibsted, ) In reference to a very poor result for the home team in a football match. In Norwegian it can also mean no sex, or "Zero sex". The cover displays Jokke, the goalkeeper, fumbling the ball to concede a goal, as the foot of an opponent player is bound for Jokke's crotch. In the background, Jokke's girlfriend looks horrified.
7. Sju lange og sju breie (2007, Egmont, ) Seven Long and Seven Wide, an old Scandinavian expression signifying time which feels like an eternity, and referring to Pondus' old boys football squad of 14 odd-looking men posing on the cover.
8. 8. Divisjon (2008, Egmont, ) 8. Division, the lowest league level in Norwegian football.
9. Nummer 9 (2009, Egmont, ) Number 9, referring to Pondus' shirt number, a shirt usually held by top notch strikers.
10. Ti tette og en badehette (2010, Egmont, 978-82-429-4198-5)
See also
Radio Gaga
Sources
Pondus dossier Avistegnernes hus
Footnotes
External links
Pondus.no official site and editor's blog
Pondus daily strip at Dagbladet
Time-lapse video of Øverli drawing a strip
Rights: Strand Comics
1995 establishments in Norway
1995 comics debuts
Comics characters introduced in 1995
Mascots introduced in 1995
Comics magazines published in Norway
Fictional Norwegian people
Humor comics
Magazine mascots
Male characters in comics
Male characters in advertising
Magazines about comics
Norwegian comic strips
Norwegian comics characters
Magazines established in 1995
Norwegian-language magazines
Satirical comics
The 7th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 7th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at large and mustered in for three years at Paris, Kentucky, on August 16, 1862, under the command of Colonel Leonidas Metcalfe.
Company F was consolidated with Company M. In January 1864, Captain George T. Stacey recruited a company for the 2nd Regiment Kentucky Heavy Artillery, but it was never organized. Instead, the recruits were assigned to Company F, and at the muster out of the regiment they were transferred to Company H, 6th Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Cavalry.
Company I was consolidated with Company B. In March 1864, a reenlisted a company from the 49th Kentucky Mounted Infantry was assigned as Company I, and at the muster out of the regiment was transferred to Company B, 6th Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Cavalry.
The regiment was attached to the Army of Kentucky, unassigned, Department of the Ohio, to November 1862. District of Central Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to March 1863. 1st Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to July 1863. 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to November 1864. 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division Mississippi, to January 1865. 2nd Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division Mississippi, to July 1865.
The 7th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service at Nashville, Tennessee, on July 10, 1865.
Detailed service
Before muster participated in operations against Morgan July 4–28, 1862. Cynthiana, Kentucky, July 17 (detachment). Paris July 19. Big Hill, Madison County, August 23. Richmond August 30. Moved to Tennessee December, 1862. Hartsville December 7. Scouting at Castalian Springs until March 1863. Moved to Franklin, Tennessee. Expedition from Franklin to Columbia March 8–12. Thompson's Station March 9. Rutherford Creek March 10–11. Spring Hill March 18–19. Columbia Pike April 1. Thompson's Station May 2. Moved to Triune June 2–4. Franklin June 4. Tullahoma Campaign June 23-July 7. Expedition to Huntsville July 13–22. Detached at Bridgeport, Caperton's Ferry and Nashville until December. Operations about Mossy Creek and Dandridge, Tennessee, December 24–28. Mossy Creek Station December 24. Peck's House, near New Market, December 24. Mossy Creek December 26. Talbot's Station December 26–28. Mossy Creek December 29. Moved to Morristown. Kimbrough Cross Roads and bend of Chucky River January 16, 1864. Operations about Dandridge January 16–17. Dandridge January 17. Pigeon River, near Fair Garden, January 27. Swann's Bridge, Paris Ford. January 28. At Cleveland, Tennessee, until May. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Guarding railroad in rear of army, at Wauhatchie, Tennessee, May 5 to June 18. At Lee and Gordon's Mills and Lafayette until August 4. Action at Lafayette June 24. Actions at Lost Mountain July 1–2. At Calhoun and Dalton until October 12. Pine Log Creek and near Fairmount August 14. Dalton August 14–15 (Company B). Rousseau's pursuit of Wheeler September 1–8. Resaca October 12–13. Surrender of Dalton October 13 (Company B). Near Summerville October 18. Little River, Alabama, October 20. Leesburg October 21. Ladiga, Terrapin Creek, October 28 (detachment). Moved to Louisville, Kentucky, November 3–9. McCook's pursuit of Lyon December 6–28. Hopkinsville, Kentucky, December 16. At Nashville, Tennessee, until January 9, 1865. Moved to Gravelly Springs, Alabama, and duty there and at Waterloo until March. Wilson's Raid from Chickasaw, Alabama, to Macon, Georgia, March 22-April 24. Selma April 2. Montgomery April 12. Columbus Road, near Tuskegee, April 14. Fort Tyler, West Point, April 16. Capture of Macon April 20. Duty at Macon until June and at Nashville, Tennessee, until July.
Arms
The 7th Kentucky Cavalry was initially armed with Wesson carbines, 500 having been received prior to July 29, 1862. The quarterly official ordnance returns show the possession of major arms of the Civil War, but not arms such as the Wesson rifle. In December 1863, the records show the 7th armed with 120 .54 caliber Burnside's breech-loading carbines and 59 .54 caliber Sharps' rifled breech-loading carbines. They also carried Colt's Army revolvers (caliber .44) and cavalry and light cavalry sabres. Only two companies reported their stores of ammunition for carbines, and reported having cartridges for Sharps' carbines and Burnsides.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 147 men during service; 2 officers and 22 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 5 officers and 118 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Leonidas Metcalfe
Colonel John K. Faulkner
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
External links
Alphabetical roster of the 7th Kentucky Cavalry taken from Thomas Speed's Union Regiments of Kentucky
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1862 establishments in Kentucky
Vivana Singh is an Indian actress who had appeared in TV serials like Mahabharat, Police Factory, Ajeeb Daastaan Hai Ye, Kumkum Bhagya etc. She is known for her roles as Inspector Maya Mohan and Sarika Sachdev.
Early life
Singh was born in Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh and has her ancestral home in Amroha. She studied in a boarding school in Mussoorie.
Filmography
Television
Mahabharat as Goddess Ganga
Kehta Hai Dil Jee Le Zara as Suparna Anvay Goel
Ajeeb Daastaan Hai Ye as Sarika Sachdev / Madhura Kashyap
Police Factory as Inspector Maya Mohan
Savdhaan India as Savita
C.I.D. as Cyber Inspector Ritu
Kumkum Bhagya as Simonika Dushyant Rana
Laal Ishq as Daanvi
Apna Time Bhi Aayega as Rajeshwari Singh Rajawat (Rani Sa)
Shubh Shagun as Bindiya
Web-series
Faceless as Nisha Thakral positive role.
Shrikant Bashir as Shalani Kaura the only female negative character in the series. Production (Banijay and Salman Khan)
References
External links
Living people
Indian television actresses
People from Moradabad
People from Mussoorie
Year of birth missing (living people)
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ratnapura (Lat: Dioecesis Ratnapurensis) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Erected as the Diocese of Ratnapura in 1995, from territory in the Diocese of Galle, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
The current bishop is Cletus Chandrasiri Perera, appointed in 2007.
Ordinaries
Albert Malcolm Ranjith Patabendige Don (2 Nov 1995 Appointed - 1 Oct 2001 Resigned)
Harold Anthony Perera (29 Jan 2003 Appointed - 15 Feb 2005 Appointed, Bishop of Galle)
Ivan Tilak Jayasundera (20 Jan 2006 Appointed - 6 Jul 2006 Resigned)
Cletus Chandrasiri Perera, O.S.B. (4 May 2007 Appointed - )
See also
Catholic Church in Sri Lanka
Ratnapura
The Aldinga Football Club is an Australian rules football club that was a foundation member of the Southern Football Association in 1886. From 1927 to 1932, Aldinga won a record 6 premierships in a row in the Southern Football Association. In 1901 Aldinga was involved in a brief merger with the Sellick's Hill F.C. to form the Hills United Football Club.
The Aldinga Football Club continues to field teams in both Senior and Junior grades in the Southern Football League.
2014 media coverage
In 2014, Aldinga received significant media coverage after sacking their coach, Shane Lynch, after only two games which resulted in combined losses of 457 points, including a 300-point loss to Port Noarlunga. Following being sacked by Aldinga, Lynch was appointed coach of Mitchell Park and led them to the 2015 Channel 9 Adelaide Football League Division 7 premiership.
Following the sacking of Lynch, further media coverage occurred the next weekend when a player was stung in the throat by a bee in a 254-point loss against Morphett Vale, including an appearance by the President, Danny Wilde and the bee-stung player, Ali Vessali on The Footy Show.
These stories of plight led to Australian Football Hall of Famer Graham Cornes volunteering his time to run a training session and North Adelaide coach Ken McGregor offering his time to give a pre-match "rev-up" before their next game, a 6-point loss against Marion. The Advertiser also placed their support behind running a family day during the same game with various giveaways including cow bells and a free barbecue.
Further events occurred:
Brownlow Medallist Shane Crawford led Aldinga to their first win of the season playing as a guest player against O'Sullivan Beach-Lonsdale on 24 May.
At the same game that Shane Crawford played, Sam Newman sung the National Anthem, Billy Brownless led the cheersquad, Warwick Capper made an appearance and some coverage will be given on the following week's Footy Show.
Port Adelaide invited Aldinga to play a curtain raiser against fellow strugglers Kilburn to be held on 12 May. This game failed to eventuate when the South Australian Amateur Football League refused to adjust its program to allow Kilburn to play.
A-Grade Premierships
Southern Football Association A-Grade (7):
1927, 1928, 1929, 1930, 1931, 1932, 1934
Southern Football League Division 2 (2):
1991, 1993
Greatest SFL Team
To celebrate the 125th anniversary of the Southern Football League, each club was asked to name their "Greatest Team" whilst participating in the SFL.
Notes
References
External links
Official Facebook page
Southern Football League (SA) Clubs
Australian rules football clubs in South Australia
1879 establishments in Australia
Australian rules football clubs established in 1879
Richard Kelham Whitelamb also known as 'The Cambridgeshire Dwarf', is said to have been baptised in Wisbech St.Peter, Isle of Ely, England on 29, December 1763. The Cambridgeshire Baptism record gives the first names as Richard Kellim, year as 1765 and the mother as Susannah and father as Richd.
Early years
Richard Kelham Whitelamb the younger, was the son of Richard Kelham Whitelamb the elder. In 1763 the father was landlord of the Nag's Head Inn, Wisbeach (sic) following a job as 'Drawer' at the nearby Vine and Rose.
Whitelamb the elder may have been the son of Richard Whitelamb and Anne Kellum.
Later life
In a copy of a 1787 poster in the Wellcome Library it was claimed that at the age of 22 he was only 34 inches high and weighed 32 lbs. The poster promoted a hair strengthening product.
A portrait of 'Kelham Whitelamb' by Samuel Ireland published in 1787 is in the Royal Collection.
He is described as aged 22, Standing by a sedan chair, full face, left hand resting on open door of sedan chair, right hand in pocket. Vignette.
This portrait may have been made when Whitelamb was 'shown in London' in August, 1787, although he is described in this source as aged 24.
"This "wonderful Prodigy" was prepared to wait upon Ladies or Gentlemen, at their own Houses, at the shortest notice. The terms were:— " Ladies and Gentlemen what they please. Tradesmen 3d. each." Whitelamb had the least one accomplishment, which he turned to account. He manufactured an "Infallible Balsam, for Strengthening the Hair, and Increasing the Growth." Those visitors, therefore, who had a tendency to baldness recognized in him not only a "Prodigy," but a benefactor."
References
People with dwarfism
1765 births
People from Wisbech
Taylor Valley is the southernmost of the three large Dry Valleys in the Transantarctic Mountains, Victoria Land, located west of McMurdo Sound at approximately . The valley extends from Taylor Glacier in the west to McMurdo Sound at Explorers Cove at the northwest head of New Harbour in the east and is about long. It was once occupied by the receding Taylor Glacier, from which it derives its name. Taylor Valley contains Lake Bonney in the west (inward), and Lake Fryxell in the east (coastward), and Lake Hoare, Lake Chad, Lake Popplewell, Mummy Pond and Parera Pond close together between the two. Further east of Lake Bonney is Pearse Valley. Taylor Valley is separated from Wright Valley in the north by Asgard Range, and from Ferrar Glacier in the south by Kukri Hills.
At its southernmost end, Taylor Valley becomes Quinn Gully, a mainly ice-free gully, which descends between MacDonald Hills and Hjorth Hill to Explorers Cove in New Harbour. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (1997) after Thomas Quinn, Supervisor of Continental Air Operations, Antarctic Support Associates.
Scar Peak overlooks the valley's northern wall, east of the Lacroix Glacier.
Taylor Valley was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–04), it was more fully explored by the BrAE (1907–09) and the BrAE (1910–13), and named after Australian Geologist Thomas Griffith Taylor.
In the oblique aerial photo at right, the tan bands are sandstone layers from the Beacon Supergroup, a series of sedimentary rock layers formed at the bottom of a shallow sea between 250 million and 400 million years ago. Throughout that period, Earth's southern continents were locked into the supercontinent Gondwana.
The dark band of rock that divides the sandstone is dolerite (sometimes called diabase), a volcanic rock that forms underground. The distinctive dolerite intrusion—or sill—is a remnant of a massive volcanic plumbing system that produced major eruptions about 180 million years ago. The eruptions likely helped tear Gondwana apart.
See also
Commonwealth Stream
Dry Valleys Geology
Victoria Valley (far north)
Lake Washburn (Antarctica)
Wright Valley (north)
References
External links
USGS Geographic Names Database - Taylor Valley
Map of the McMurdo Dry Valleys and Ross Island
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Valleys of Victoria Land
Transantarctic Mountains
Sir Louis Arthur Newton, 1st Baronet (17 December 1867 – 17 April 1945) was Lord Mayor of London from 1923 to 1924.
Biography
Newton was born in London, the son of Reuben Newton, of Macclesfield. He was a Lieutenant and Alderman of the City of London, and Senior Sheriff in 1917. He was Lord Mayor of London from 1923 to 1924.
Newton was a member of the London County Council from 1931 to 1934 and High Sheriff of Kent in 1940.
Honours
Newton was knighted in 1917 and created a Baronet, of Beckenham in the County of Kent, in 1924. He was Grand Cordon of the Order of the Star of Romania, Grand Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy, of the Order of the White Lion of Czechoslovakia, and of the Order of Leopold II of Belgium.
References
Who Was Who
External links
Knights Bachelor
20th-century lord mayors of London
Aldermen of the City of London
Members of London County Council
High Sheriffs of Kent
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
1867 births
1945 deaths
The Seine River was the scene of many early experiments with
steam navigation. The steamship has a long ancestry, dating back at least to 1783 when the Marquis de Jouffray d'Abbans steamed his little boat, the Pyroscaphe, across the Seine. Robert Fulton even exhibited one to
Napoleon's regime. With the success of the steam engine by the
1820s, the Second Republic embarked on a series of navigation
improvements to raise weirs and locks with which to deepen the navigation channel. By the 1860s improvements had changed the riverbed from low-lying sand banks and trickle to a series of cascading
ponds with a depth of 6 and a half feet.
Early history
Early experiments with steam were started in the 1780s on the Rhone River in France, and were perfected with Fulton's boat on the Seine in 1803. The British had the early lead with steam, from James Watt, William Symington, and Henry Bell, and thus it became logical that the technology transfer would migrate across the English Channel. The Rob Roy did such a task in 1816, while the Aaron Maltby left London and sailed up the Seine to Paris in 1822. A charter was issued for a tourist day tripper steamboat company in Paris.
Alfred Binyon, an English cloth merchant, travelled to France to see a trade show and wrote of it:
Many early vessels used Boulton and Watt steam engines.
Steamer Élise
The Élise was the first steamship to cross the English Channel.
She was bought in England 1814 by Pierre Andriel as Margery, and renamed Élise. Andriel intended to accomplish a spectacular crossing of the Channel to convince public opinion that steamships could be ocean-worthy. She sailed up the Seine and arrived in Paris on 28 March, becoming a popular sensation. Two small saluting guns were mounted at the bow and fired in honour of Louis XVIII
Chain tugs
Early tugs used chains in the river to tow trains of barges up river.
The low steam pressure and low power of early vessels meant that positive traction by pulling on a chain against a deadman or anchor was much more effective. In the 1830s river travel was considered dangerous, so much so that insurers would put a 25 percent premium on
cargoes and vessels travelling the route.
The Seine is divided into three sections, the lower or Oise section, middle or Paris Section, and upper or Marne section.
Ships enter the river at Le Havre through a bad tidal bore. (Victor Hugo's favourite daughter was killed while travelling in a small boat across the bore.) Oceangoing ships can travel to Rouen, where small steamers take on loads for journey further up river.
Continuous improvements to the shipping lane meant that regular traffic could be maintained and not just in periods of high water.
Cortege of a cut-off Corsican
In 1840 when the French nation desired the return of Napoleon's body
from the Island of St. Helena, to his adopted nation of France, he travelled by sailing frigate to Cherbourg, then to a series of steamers up the river. On 30 November, la Belle-Poule entered the roadstead of Cherbourg, and six days later the remains were transferred to the steamboat la Normandie. Reaching Le Havre, the coffin was then transferred to la Dorade 3 at Val-de-la-Haye, near Rouen, to be carried up the Seine, on whose banks people had gathered to pay homage to Napoleon. On 14 December la Dorade moored at the Courbevoie quay. He was then ceremonially re-interred at Les Invalides.
Cement to the City of Light
With Baron Haussmann's levelling of the centre of Paris and building the sewers and Boulevards, the river bank was also reconstructed the famous Quais on the Seine banks were erected.
The river provided the key to moving in building materials: timber, sand, bricks, stone, gravel and ironware were moved; wine, fruit, and hay; while manure, litter and rubble were removed from town.
The Quais at Bersy, Rapee, Hotel de Ville and Louvre carried on trade.
And by 1880, the trade was duty-free from tariffs.
The Canal de l'Ourcq was constructed in 1808 between the River Ourcq and the Seine. Its purpose was to provide Paris with drinking water and a new navigable waterway. Geometricians at heart, the engineers of the Empire dug the canal along the axis of the Rotunda. With the industrial revolution along came mechanical workshops and boiler-works, replacing the countryside. Warehouses sprang up along the banks as 10,000 barges delivered to the city each year their cargo of cereals, coal, and building materials. Factories were constructed and products as diverse as sugar and boots were produced.
During the Paris Commune bloodshed was so bad that the Seine ran red with blood.
Lighters and light imagined by the impressionists
Traffic on the Seine entered into consciousness in a different way too—the Pre-Impressionist and impressionist painters would paint the River
scenes from the Pont Neuf, to Argenteuil. And so we are left with
colourful and sometimes cubist, copies of age old scenes.
Birth of the Bateau Mouche
In 1867, the year of an exposition,
another famed Paris institution came into being—that of the Bateau Mouche. Sights-seeing steamers were built and steamed up and down the river, and under the low bridges. And they became a hit.
The individual pieces of the Statue of Liberty were barged down the
Seine from the workshop, to a waiting ocean steamer for transhipment to
New York about 1881. Louis Vuitton established his factory on the
Seine at Asni so wood for his steamer trunks could be moved on the river
Floating swimming pools featured on the Seine, as did a series of laundries.
The pools, dating from 1801and were used in the 1924 Olympics.
River steamers were used as hospital ships during the First World War, as the ghastily wounded British soldiers could be smoothly moved
downriver to larger hospital ships at Le Havre.
Atlantic Salmon have naturally returned to the Seine almost a century
after over fishing and pollution caused them to disappear.
See also
L'Atalante classic barge, Seine film.
Transport in Paris
Canals in France
River Seine
Utah State Route 100 (SR-100) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah. Located entirely in Millard County, it connects the city of Fillmore with Flowell and the ghost town of McCornick over a distance of .
Route description
The route begins as 400 North at SR-99 (Main Street) in Fillmore. From here, it travels west out of town, crosses over I-15. After , the route turns north and continues through rural Millard County for about until it ends at US-50.
The course of this route trends generally from southeast to northwest. Although there is not an abundance of directional banner signage on the route, what few banners that exist indicate that SR-100 is an east-west route. Despite this, the route description and mileposts begin in Fillmore as they would if this were a north-south route.
Photo Gallery
History
SR-100 was originally established in 1935 as connecting Fillmore at SR-1 (Main Street) and Flowell. The construction of I-15 through the area resulted in the old alignment of the route along 100 North to be severed in two by the interstate, so in 1965, the route was moved north three blocks to its current alignment along 400 North because of the proposed underpass on that street.
In 1969, the from near Flowell northward to US-50 was transferred to the route, resulting in its current length and alignment.
Major intersections
References
100
100
Meadle is a hamlet in the civil parish of Longwick-cum-Ilmer, in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located to the north of the village of Monks Risborough and near Little Kimble. The current population of Meadle is about 75. Most of the buildings are very old: farmhouses and labourers' cottages built in traditional red clay brick with thatched roofs. A small stream rises in the village and ultimately joins the Thames.
The earliest recorded mentions of Meadle are in the English Civil War when it was caught up in the battle lines between the Royalists in Oxford and the Parliamentarians in London. A local farm, Armour Farm, is believed to have acquired its name as a store of armaments during the war.
Meadle later became a Quaker settlement; the largest farm in the hamlet is still known as Quaker Farm, where Quakers met and were buried in the orchard behind the house. A local field bears the name of Fox's Midsummer where George Fox, the founder of the Quaker movement, held secret night time meetings.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, Meadle was a centre of production for the Aylesbury Duck industry, and had a grist mill to provide feed.
Meadle was the home of John Nash, one of England's foremost painters and war artists of the inter-war years. He moved there in 1922 and started his great period of landscape water colours, wood engraving and botanical paintings, drawing on the natural scenes and rural activities of the surrounding countryside: the Vale of Aylesbury and the Chiltern Hills. He moved on during the Second World War to settle in East Anglia. The house in which he lived, Lane End, still exists.
Meadle is mostly known to visitors for the Kimble Point-to-Point, a traditional horse-racing event held on nearby fields each Easter Saturday.
External links
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Alo Dupikov (born 5 November 1985 in Kehtna) is a former Estonian professional footballer, who played as a striker. During his career he earned five caps for Estonia national team in friendlies.
Club career
On 1 July 2010 in Europa League qualification match against Dinamo Tbilisi Dupikov scored his first European competition goal.
Dupikov joined JK Nõmme Kalju's pre-season training in December 2012 and officially became part of the club on 21 January 2013, when he signed a two-year contract with the Estonian champions.
International career
Dupikov made his international debut on 29 May 2009 in a friendly match against Wales.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
People from Kehtna Parish
Estonian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Valga players
FC Flora players
Viljandi JK Tulevik players
JK Sillamäe Kalev players
Estonia international footballers
Estonian people of Russian descent
Estonian expatriate footballers
Estonian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Norway
JK Tervis Pärnu players
Estonia under-21 international footballers
Estonia youth international footballers
The Spyker Squadron was the factory racing team from Dutch sportscar manufacturer Spyker Cars. The team raced in various endurance championships and non-championship races from 2002 to 2010. Daily operations were managed by Peter van Erp, the later Spyker Cars COO.
History
Spyker C8 Double-12R
Reiter Engineering developed the Spyker C8 Double-12R to compete in the 2002 24 Hours of Le Mans GT class. The team debuted the car at the 2002 12 Hours of Sebring with Derek Hill, Peter Kox and Hans Hugenholtz. The team retired after four hours due to accident damage. At the 24 Hours of Le Mans the team retired over halfway through the race. A valve problem in the BMW engine caused the retirement.
The C8 Double-12R was again raced in 2003. Engine trouble again hampered their 12 Hours of Sebring effort. The team retired just past the halfway mark. Sponsored by telecom provider Orange S.A. the team presented drivers Tom Coronel, Hans Hugenholtz and Norman Simon. Gearbox trouble prevented a strong finish, the team finished the race but was not classified as it was to far behind. The team also entered the lone race of the 2003 Le Mans Series, the 1000km of Le Mans. Norman Simon, joined by Belgian Patrick van der Schoote, finished the race in 25th place overall.
Spyker C8 Spyder GT2-R
In 2004 the team focused on developing a new variant on the C8, the C8 Spyder GT2-R. The car debuted at the 2005 24 Hours of Le Mans. The Audi powered car failed to finish the race due to an engine fire almost seven hours into the race. The team returned at the 1000km of Nürburgring, the fourth round of the 2005 Le Mans Series season. Drivers Jeroen Bleekemolen and Donny Crevels finished eighteenth overall, second in the GT2 class. The team finished in the same lap as the class winning Porsche 996 GT3. Near the end of the year the team made its debut in the FIA GT Championship. Racing at Zhuhai and Dubai the team scored two top five class finishes. At Dubai the team finished third in class.
For 2006 the Spyder was fitted with a roof. The team entered the full 2006 Le Mans Series. The team's best result was a sixteenth place overall, third in class, at the 1000km of Jarama. Both Spykers entered the 2006 24 Hours of Le Mans, but both did not finish. In the 2006 Spa 24 Hours the team fought for a fourth place in class most of the race, before having to settle for tenth.
The team scaled down to a single car for the 2007 season. In the Le Mans Series, drivers Mike Hezemans and Peter Dumbreck scored a third place in class finish at the 1000km of Silverstone. At the 24 Hours of Le Mans the team did not finish the race. An engine problem seven hours into the race stopped the car at Tetre Rouge.
In 2008 the car won its final race, the 1000 kilometrų lenktynės with Jonas Gelžinis, Ralf Kelleners, Peter Dumbreck and Alexey Vasilyev.
Spyker C8 Laviolette GT2-R
Introducing the C8 Laviolette GT2-R in 2008 the team did not finish the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Three fourth-place finishes in the 2008 Le Mans Series placed the team third in the constructors championship. Despite the main company moving to Coventry, the racing team remained in Zeewolde. The team repeated its performance feat in 2009. The team even scored to second in class finishes at the 1000km of Nürburgring and the 1000km of Silverstone. At the 24 Hours of Le Mans the team finished the race. Drivers Tom Coronel, Jeroen Bleekemolen and Jaroslav Janiš finished the Snoras sponsored car in fifth place in class. Snoras became a major stakeholder in the Spyker Cars company.
In 2010 the team again entered the Le Mans Series as well as the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The team again finished the prestigious sports car race, as the last classified car. The team finished in 27th place, 117 laps behind the overall winning car.
Spyker C8 Aileron GTE
In 2011 the team took a sabbatical to develop the C8 Aileron to race in 2012. But as the major shareholder Snoras filed for bankruptcy and a deal with its owner Vladimir Antonov fell through, the team folded.
24 Hours of Le Mans results
Gallery
References
Dutch auto racing teams
FIA GT Championship teams
24 Hours of Le Mans teams
European Le Mans Series teams
American Le Mans Series teams
Dutch racecar constructors
Auto racing teams established in 2001
Auto racing teams disestablished in 2011
The 1990 Ealing Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Ealing London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
2 from 94
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
Cizur Menor is a locality and council located in the municipality of Cizur, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 2498.
Geography
Cizur Menor is located 5km south-southwest of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Giorgio Bresciani (born 23 April 1969 in Lucca) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
References
1969 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Torino F.C. players
Atalanta B.C. players
Cagliari Calcio players
S.S.C. Napoli players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
U.S. Cremonese players
A.C. Ancona players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
A.S.D. Olimpia Colligiana players
A.S.D. Sangiovannese 1927 players
Harold Palin (19 August 1916 – 16 September 1990), also known by the nickname of "Moggy", was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Warrington (two spells) (captain), Swinton, Halifax and Keighley (captain), as a goal-kicking or , i.e. number 1, or 13, during the era of contested scrums. Harold Palin's nickname of 'Moggy' was given to him as a child due to cat-like abilities, however he was not particularly fond of the nickname.
Background
Palin was born in Warrington, Lancashire, England, and he died aged 74 in Warrington, Cheshire, England.
Playing career
International honours
Harold Palin won caps for England while at Warrington in 1947 against Wales, in 1948 against France, and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1947 against New Zealand (2 matches).
Championship Final appearances
Harold Palin played , and was captain in Warrington's 15–5 victory over Bradford Northern in the Championship Final during the 1947–48 season at Maine Road, Manchester.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Harold Palin played , scored a drop goal, and 4-goals in Warrington's 19–0 victory over Widnes in the 1949–50 Challenge Cup Final during the 1949–50 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 6 May 1950, in front of a crowd of 94,249.
County Cup Final appearances
Harold Palin played in Swinton's 5–4 victory over Widnes in the 1939–40 Lancashire County Cup Final first-leg during the 1939–40 season at Naughton Park, Widnes on Saturday 20 April 1940, played in the 16–11 victory over Widnes in the 1939–40 Lancashire County Cup Final second-leg during the 1939–40 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 27 April 1940, played , and scored a goal in Warrington's 8–14 defeat by Wigan in the 1948–49 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1948–49 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 13 November 1948, and played , and scored a goal in Warrington's 5–28 defeat by Wigan in the 1950–51 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1950–51 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 4 November 1950.
Playing career
Harold Palin made his début for Keighley, played , and scored 4-goals in the 17–11 victory over Castleford at Wheldon Road on Saturday 27 September 1952, by the end of 1952–53 season he had beaten Keighley's 46-year-old "most goals in a season" record that was previously set by Bob Walker during the 1906–07 season, after landing his 81st conversion in the last match of the season at York, Harold Palin was later sent off by the referee, he played eight matches during the 1953–54 season, and following the arrival of Bert Cook from Leeds, Harold Palin retired from playing aged 37.
Honoured at Warrington Wolves
Harold Palin is a Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame inductee.
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) The Rock and Roll 50s
(archived by web.archive.org) The Club's Foundation
(archived by web.archive.org) Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1916 births
1990 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Halifax R.L.F.C. players
Keighley Cougars captains
Keighley Cougars players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Warrington
Swinton Lions players
Warrington Wolves captains
Warrington Wolves players
Events from the year 2008 in Romania.
Incumbents
President: Traian Băsescu
Prime Minister: Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu (until 22 December); Emil Boc (from 22 December)
Events
April 2 – A NATO summit takes place at the Palace of the Parliament, Bucharest.
June 1 – 2008 Romanian local elections, with a runoff for mayors on June 15.
November 15 – Petrila Mine disaster: Twelve miners die after two explosions at a mine in Petrila, one of six coal mining cities in the Jiu Valley region of Hunedoara County.
November 24 – Another miner dies at Floreasca Hospital in Bucharest, raising the death toll from the Petrila Mine disaster to 13.
November 30 – 2008 Romanian legislative election.
Deaths
January 3 – Petru Dugulescu, pastor, politician (born 1945)
January 22 – Ștefan Niculescu, composer (born 1927)
August 16 – Elena Leușteanu, Olympic gymnast (born 1935)
September 14 – Ștefan Iordache, actor (born 1941)
October 8 – George Emil Palade, cell biologist, Nobel Prize laureate (born 1912)
See also
List of Romanian films of 2008
2008 in the European Union
2008 in Europe
Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008
Romania at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Romania at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Years of the 21st century in Romania
Romania
2000s in Romania
Romania
The 2021 Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks baseball team represented Stephen F. Austin State University during the 2021 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Lumberjacks played their home games at Jaycees Field and were led by thirteenth–year head coach Johnny Cardenas. They were members of the Southland Conference. This was Stephen F. Austin's final year in the Southland as they will be moving to the Western Athletic Conference for the 2022 season.
Preseason
Southland Conference Coaches Poll
The Southland Conference Coaches Poll was released on February 11, 2021, and the Lumberjacks were picked to finish eleventh in the conference with 92 votes.
Preseason All-Southland Team & Honors
First Team
Ryan Flores (UIW, 1st Base)
Nate Fisbeck (MCNS, 2nd Base)
Beau Orlando (UCA, 3rd Base)
JC Correa (LAMR, Shortstop)
Gavin Johnson (SHSU, Catcher)
Clayton Rasbeary (MCNS, Designated Hitter)
Sean Arnold (UIW, Outfielder)
Brandon Bena (HBU, Outfielder)
Colton Cowser (SHSU, Outfielder)
Noah Cameron (UCA, Pitcher)
Will Dion (MCNS, Pitcher)
Kyle Gruller (HBU, Pitcher)
Conner Williams (UCA, Pitcher)
Itchy Burts (TAMUCC, Utility)
Second Team
Preston Faulkner (SELA, 1st Base)
Logan Berlof (LAMR, 2nd Base)
Anthony Quirion (LAMR, 3rd Base)
Reid Bourque (MCNS, Shortstop)
Chris Sandberg (NICH, Catcher)
Lee Thomas (UIW, Designated Hitter)
Josh Ragan (UCA, Outfielder)
Jack Rogers (SHSU, Outfielder)
Tyler Smith (NSU, Outfielder)
John Gaddis (TAMUCC, Pitcher)
Gavin Stone (UCA, Pitcher)
Luke Taggart (UIW, Pitcher)
Jeremy Rodriguez (SFA, Pitcher)
Jake Dickerson (MCNS, Utility)
Roster
Coaching staff
Schedule and results
Posteason
Conference Accolades
Player of the Year: Colton Cowser – SHSU
Hitter of the Year: Colton Eager – ACU
Pitcher of the Year: Will Dion – MCNS
Relief Pitcher of the Year: Tyler Cleveland – UCA
Freshman of the Year: Brennan Stuprich – SELA
Newcomer of the Year: Grayson Tatrow – ACU
Clay Gould Coach of the Year: Rick McCarty – ACU
All Conference First Team
Chase Kemp (LAMR)
Nate Fisbeck (MCNS)
Itchy Burts (TAMUCC)
Bash Randle (ACU)
Mitchell Dickson (ACU)
Lee Thomas (UIW)
Colton Cowser (SHSU)
Colton Eager (ACU)
Clayton Rasbeary (MCNS)
Will Dion (MCNS)
Brennan Stuprich (SELA)
Will Warren (SELA)
Tyler Cleveland (UCA)
Anthony Quirion (LAMR)
All Conference Second Team
Preston Faulkner (SELA)
Daunte Stuart (NSU)
Kasten Furr (UNO)
Evan Keller (SELA)
Skylar Black (SFA)
Tre Obregon III (MCNS)
Jack Rogers (SHSU)
Pearce Howard (UNO)
Grayson Tatrow (ACU)
Chris Turpin (UNO)
John Gaddis (TAMUCC)
Trevin Michael (LAMR)
Caleb Seroski (UNO)
Jacob Burke (SELA)
All Conference Third Team
Luke Marbach (TAMUCC)
Salo Iza (UNO)
Austin Cain (NICH)
Darren Willis (UNO)
Ryan Snell (LAMR)
Tommy Cruz (ACU)
Tyler Finke (SELA)
Payton Harden (MCNS)
Mike Williams (TAMUCC)
Cal Carver (NSU)
Levi David (NSU)
Dominic Robinson (SHSU)
Jack Dallas (LAMR)
Brett Hammit (ACU)
All Conference Defensive Team
Luke Marbach (TAMUCC)
Nate Fisebeck (MCNS)
Anthony Quirion (LAMR)
Darren Willis (UNO)
Gaby Cruz (SELA)
Julian Gonzales (MCNS)
Colton Cowser (SHSU)
Avery George (LAMR)
Will Dion (MCNS)
References:
References
Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks
Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks baseball seasons
Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks baseball
Fernando Bastos de Ávila (March 17, 1918 – November 6, 2010) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic priest. A member of the Society of Jesus, de Ávila was a member of the Academia Brasileira de Letras and vice-chancellor of Pontificía Universidade Católica.
Notes
20th-century Brazilian Jesuits
Members of the Brazilian Academy of Letters
1918 births
2010 deaths
FM in the context of chemotherapy means a chemotherapy regimen used as first-line therapy in indolent lymphomas. In combination with rituximab it is called R-FM or RFM or FM-R or FMR.
The [R]-FM regimen consists of:
(R)ituximab - an anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody that is able to kill both normal B cells and malignant ones;
(F)ludarabine - an antimetabolite;
(M)itoxantrone - a synthetic anthracycline analogue (an anthraquinone) that is able to intercalate DNA and prevent mitosis.
This regimen is also sometimes used in some autoimmune disorders that are inherently sensitive to rituximab, fludarabine and mitoxantrone in monotherapies (e.g. multiple sclerosis).
Dosing regimen
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in lymphoma
Honey Acres Airport is located one mile (1.6 km) west of Clinton, Michigan on W. Michigan Ave. and spans the border between Lenawee and Washtenaw counties. It is owned and operated by Raymond L. Kussmaul who also owns the Kussmaul Honey Farm, hence the name of the airport. It has an FAA identifier of 7N4. It is at an elevation of . It has one runway, 18/36, with a grass surface and a length of . The airport opened in July 1990. Five aircraft are based at the airport which averages 67 aircraft operations per month. The airport encompasses an area of .
References
Airports in Michigan
Airports in Washtenaw County, Michigan
Airports in Lenawee County, Michigan
Isabella Dryden (born October 14, 1917) is a Canadian educator known for teaching computer classes at the age of 102. She also supervised the business education curriculum used in Manitoba's public school system and is credited with making business studies a degree course at Manitoba's main university.
Background
Born in 1917, Dryden grew up on a farm in Manitoba, in the district of Lenore, the oldest of five children. Her parents were John and Mary Dryden. When she was 12 years old, her father died and Dryden helped her mother raise her younger siblings.
From the age of six, Dryden taught her brothers and sisters how to read and count. On her first day of school in grade one, she knew she wanted to become a teacher one day. She left home to obtain a teaching certificate from Central Normal School in Winnipeg. Dryden remained single her whole life, seeing as women teachers were not permitted to marry in the 1930s. She however has many nieces and nephews that she stays in touch with through the internet.
Career
Dryden began her teaching career in 1937, near the rural community of Lenore, Manitoba. She taught at the Errol School, a one-room building with an outhouse and wood stove. She instructed grades one through nine and had additional tasks like preparing lunches and organizing dances.
Her next teaching job was at the Bardal School in Sinclair, where she had 45 students. She taught at Bardal, also a one-room schoolhouse, from 1941 to 1942. After dealing with a personal health crisis, she left teaching to pursue a secretarial career in Windsor, Ontario, while attending business classes part-time. After five years of office work, she returned to her former career in 1947, teaching at Two Creeks School and later Virden Public School, both located in her home province.
In 1949, Dryden began giving business classes at Virden Collegiate Institute in Virden, Manitoba. She taught courses such as book keeping, typewriting, law, and economics. Among her former students was celebrity entrepreneur Jim Treliving, whose family lived in the area. During her tenure with the high school, Dryden worked on obtaining her university degree in business education. At the time, Manitoba had no graduate programs in business, so she studied during the summer sessions at institutions located in other provinces, such as the University of British Columbia and the University of Alberta.
In 1967, Dryden became an administrator for the Manitoba public school system, overseeing the business education curriculum for the Department of Education. She held this position until her retirement in 1983. While there, she also helped define the curriculums for the Industrial Arts and Vocational Industrial programs, as well as being introduced to early computer systems. She learned how to use the room sized mainframes which relied on punch cards and outputted reams of paper filled with data. During the 1970s, Dryden also taught business classes at the University of Manitoba and Red River Community College, as part of a joint Faculty of Education program. As a business educator she published many articles on the subject. Lea Mansell, from Manitoba's "Educators of Business Information Technology" (EBIT) association, credits Dryden with being "the impetus for business education to become a recognized course at Red River Community College and later a degree course in University of Manitoba."
Once Dryden retired in 1983, she continued her computer training, keeping up with the latest technological changes such as the introduction of keyboards. She became a volunteer teacher from 1984 until 1996, instructing computer skills to Grade 4 children. She taught at the Salisbury Morse Place School located in East Kildonan, Manitoba. In 1987, she also began giving computer classes to seniors, after realizing how many retirees were scared of technology. She currently teaches four times per week at the "Creative Retirement Learning Centre" and the "Chinese Cultural and Community Centre" in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Dryden offers introductory classes in computer technology and Microsoft Office software, as well as explaining how to send emails and stay safe online. She has taught on numerous operating systems, from Windows 97 to Windows 10, while managing the bugs that come with new releases.
Keeping pace with technological changes, necessary for her computer classes, has involved plenty of work for Dryden. However, she still enjoys "... working with people, and watching them as the learning process goes on." In order to advance, she believes that students need to develop their minds, bodies and spirits. With regards to computers and seniors, she feels that using technology keeps the brain active and also allows retirees to keep in touch with loved ones. Dryden also sees a negative side to new technologies, considering how many people now focus on their cell phones when they could be connecting with others.
Awards and honours
In 1996, the "Creative Retirement Learning Centre" awarded Dryden an honorary lifetime membership for her volunteer work. In 2000, Manitoba's "Educators of Business Information Technology" (EBIT) established a cash prize in Dryden's name which is still awarded today to business teacher graduates. In 2017, the EBIT also dedicated a special evening to Dryden, honouring her contributions to education.
Additionally in 2017, the Manitoba Teachers' Society honoured Dryden with a special evening and profiled her in their magazine's March issue. That same year, the City of Winnipeg presented her with a Community Service Award and she also received the "Sovereign's Medal for Volunteers" from the Governor General of Canada, Julie Payette.
References
External links
video
1917 births
Living people
People from Virden, Manitoba
University of Manitoba faculty
Canadian centenarians
Canadian educators
Members of the Order of Canada
Women centenarians
Craig Doyle was an Irish weekly topical comedy-style chat show which aired from November 2011 as The Social until 2012, then continued until 2013, and was shown on RTÉ Two. Portrayed as live programme, some episodes were recorded in advance and broadcast at a later date.
Format as The Social
The show was presented by Craig Doyle with guests discussing the latest topical news interspersed with news on the latest events on social media such as Twitter and Facebook. It was Doyle's second attempt at a chat show with RTÉ, following 2010's ill-fated Saturday night effort Tonight with Craig Doyle.
"No topic is out of bounds" was the billing before the first episode was broadcast. Doyle and three showbiz guests discussed topics such as soccer-victory-night sex and phone apps that alert men to women's menstrual cycles allowing the male, where applicable, to "steer clear" of the woman or find out "whether she's feeling randy".
The new series failed to attract an audience for RTÉ Two, with both critics and audiences unimpressed. "The Afternoon Show seemed dangerously cutting-edge by comparison", said The Irish Times.
Format as Craig Doyle
Craig Doyle Live took a different approach to the initial format called The Social. The setting moved from his "home" to a more modern looking set. The show aired twice a week, on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Rather than 3 panellists there were 2. A short introduction from Craig Doyle followed by banter with the 2 panel guest. After which a guest was brought on to be interviewed by Craig and his panel. This format was similar to that of The Panel which Craig Doyle also hosted.
"Minus The Social's forlorn set, this is the same mixture as before -- unfunny smart-aleck quips from the host and a couple of D-list panellists, and then fawning interviews with celebs whose inordinate lust for the limelight should preclude them from ever having the opportunity to bask in it. " - The Irish Independent
Transmission history
The first episode aired on Tuesday 15 November 2011 as The Social.
RTÉ promised it was to return in 2012. The show was relaunched as Craig Doyle Live on 28 February 2012.
It bounced about the schedule during UEFA Euro 2012, being broadcast after key matches and featuring guests such as Totò Schillaci. In November 2012 it was announced the programme would not be returning. Speaking in June 2013 Doyle confirmed that "I won't be appearing on RTE 2 again" after signing a four-year deal with BT Sport.
Criticism
Labour TD Aodhán Ó Ríordáin has criticised the show as being "painful" and "crass laddish nonsense".
References
External links
The Social at RTÉ Television
2011 Irish television series debuts
Irish television talk shows
RTÉ original programming
WSGX may refer to:
WSGX-LP, a low-power radio station (95.1 FM) licensed to serve East Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States
KATZ-FM, a radio station (100.3 FM) licensed to serve Bridgeton, Missouri, United States, which held the call sign WSGX from 2011 to 2012
Very large-scale integration (VLSI) is the process of creating an integrated circuit (IC) by combining millions or billions of MOS transistors onto a single chip. VLSI began in the 1970s when MOS integrated circuit (Metal Oxide Semiconductor) chips were widely adopted, enabling complex semiconductor and telecommunication technologies to be developed. The microprocessor and memory chips are VLSI devices. Before the introduction of VLSI technology, most ICs had a limited set of functions they could perform. An electronic circuit might consist of a CPU, ROM, RAM and other glue logic. VLSI enables IC designers to add all of these into one chip.
History
Background
The history of the transistor dates to the 1920s when several inventors attempted devices that were intended to control current in solid-state diodes and convert them into triodes. Success came after World War II, when the use of silicon and germanium crystals as radar detectors led to improvements in fabrication and theory. Scientists who had worked on radar returned to solid-state device development. With the invention of the first transistor at Bell Labs in 1947, the field of electronics shifted from vacuum tubes to solid-state devices.
With the small transistor at their hands, electrical engineers of the 1950s saw the possibilities of constructing far more advanced circuits. However, as the complexity of circuits grew, problems arose. One problem was the size of the circuit. A complex circuit like a computer was dependent on speed. If the components were large, the wires interconnecting them must be long. The electric signals took time to go through the circuit, thus slowing the computer.
The invention of the integrated circuit by Jack Kilby and Robert Noyce solved this problem by making all the components and the chip out of the same block (monolith) of semiconductor material. The circuits could be made smaller, and the manufacturing process could be automated. This led to the idea of integrating all components on a single-crystal silicon wafer, which led to small-scale integration (SSI) in the early 1960s, and then medium-scale integration (MSI) in the late 1960s.
VLSI
General Microelectronics introduced the first commercial MOS integrated circuit in 1964. In the early 1970s, MOS integrated circuit technology allowed the integration of more than 10,000 transistors in a single chip. This paved the way for VLSI in the 1970s and 1980s, with tens of thousands of MOS transistors on a single chip (later hundreds of thousands, then millions, and now billions).
The first semiconductor chips held two transistors each. Subsequent advances added more transistors, and as a consequence, more individual functions or systems were integrated over time. The first integrated circuits held only a few devices, perhaps as many as ten diodes, transistors, resistors and capacitors, making it possible to fabricate one or more logic gates on a single device. Now known retrospectively as small-scale integration (SSI), improvements in technique led to devices with hundreds of logic gates, known as medium-scale integration (MSI). Further improvements led to large-scale integration (LSI), i.e. systems with at least a thousand logic gates. Current technology has moved far past this mark and today's microprocessors have many millions of gates and billions of individual transistors.
At one time, there was an effort to name and calibrate various levels of large-scale integration above VLSI. Terms like ultra-large-scale integration (ULSI) were used. But the huge number of gates and transistors available on common devices has rendered such fine distinctions moot. Terms suggesting greater than VLSI levels of integration are no longer in widespread use.
In 2008, billion-transistor processors became commercially available. This became more commonplace as semiconductor fabrication advanced from the then-current generation of 65 nm processes. Current designs, unlike the earliest devices, use extensive design automation and automated logic synthesis to lay out the transistors, enabling higher levels of complexity in the resulting logic functionality. Certain high-performance logic blocks like the SRAM (static random-access memory) cell, are still designed by hand to ensure the highest efficiency.
Structured design
Structured VLSI design is a modular methodology originated by Carver Mead and Lynn Conway for saving microchip area by minimizing the interconnect fabric area. This is obtained by repetitive arrangement of rectangular macro blocks which can be interconnected using wiring by abutment. An example is partitioning the layout of an adder into a row of equal bit slices cells. In complex designs this structuring may be achieved by hierarchical nesting.
Structured VLSI design had been popular in the early 1980s, but lost its popularity later because of the advent of placement and routing tools wasting a lot of area by routing, which is tolerated because of the progress of Moore's Law. When introducing the hardware description language KARL in the mid-1970s, Reiner Hartenstein coined the term "structured VLSI design" (originally as "structured LSI design"), echoing Edsger Dijkstra's structured programming approach by procedure nesting to avoid chaotic spaghetti-structured programs.
Difficulties
As microprocessors become more complex due to technology scaling, microprocessor designers have encountered several challenges which force them to think beyond the design plane, and look ahead to post-silicon:
Process variation – As photolithography techniques get closer to the fundamental laws of optics, achieving high accuracy in doping concentrations and etched wires is becoming more difficult and prone to errors due to variation. Designers now must simulate across multiple fabrication process corners before a chip is certified ready for production, or use system-level techniques for dealing with effects of variation.
Stricter design rules – Due to lithography and etch issues with scaling, design rule checking for layout has become increasingly stringent. Designers must keep in mind an ever increasing list of rules when laying out custom circuits. The overhead for custom design is now reaching a tipping point, with many design houses opting to switch to electronic design automation (EDA) tools to automate their design process.
Timing/design closure – As clock frequencies tend to scale up, designers are finding it more difficult to distribute and maintain low clock skew between these high frequency clocks across the entire chip. This has led to a rising interest in multicore and multiprocessor architectures, since an overall speedup can be obtained even with lower clock frequency by using the computational power of all the cores.
First-pass success – As die sizes shrink (due to scaling), and wafer sizes go up (due to lower manufacturing costs), the number of dies per wafer increases, and the complexity of making suitable photomasks goes up rapidly. A mask set for a modern technology can cost several million dollars. This non-recurring expense deters the old iterative philosophy involving several "spin-cycles" to find errors in silicon, and encourages first-pass silicon success. Several design philosophies have been developed to aid this new design flow, including design for manufacturing (DFM), design for test (DFT), and Design for X.
Electromigration
See also
Application-specific integrated circuit
Caltech Cosmic Cube
Interface Logic Model
List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Mead and Conway revolution
Neuromorphic engineering
Polysilicon
System on a chip (SoC)
References
Further reading
http://CMOSedu.com/
http://CMOSVLSI.com/
External links
Lectures on Design and Implementation of VLSI Systems at Brown University
Design of VLSI Systems
Telecommunications engineering
Integrated circuits
MOSFETs
CASTEP (originally from CAmbridge Serial Total Energy Package) is a shared-source academic and commercial software package which uses density functional theory with a plane wave basis set to calculate the electronic properties of crystalline solids, surfaces, molecules, liquids and amorphous materials from first principles. CASTEP permits geometry optimisation and finite temperature molecular dynamics with implicit symmetry and geometry constraints, as well as calculation of a wide variety of derived properties of the electronic configuration. Although CASTEP was originally a serial, Fortran 77-based program, it was completely redesigned and rewritten from 1999 to 2001 using Fortran 95 and MPI for use on parallel computers by researchers at the Universities of York, Durham, St. Andrews, Cambridge and Rutherford Labs.
History
CASTEP was created in the late 1980s and early 1990s in the TCM Group of the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge. It was then an academic code written in Fortran77. In the mid 1990s it was commercialised by licensing it to Molecular Simulations International (the company was later purchased by Accelrys, in turn purchased by Biovia) in an arrangement through which the University of Cambridge received a share of the royalties, and much of the development remained with the original academic authors. The code was then redesigned and completely rewritten from 1999–2001 to make use of the features of modern Fortran, enable parallelism throughout the code and improve its software sustainability. By this point annual sales exceeded £1m. Despite its commercialisation, CASTEP and its source code remained free to UK academics.
In 2019 the free academic licence was extended to world-wide academic use (not just UK academia). Commercial users can purchase CASTEP as part of Biovia's Materials Studio package.
Theory and approximations
Starting from the many-body wavefunction, an adiabatic approximation is made with respect to the nuclear and electronic coordinates (the Born–Oppenheimer approximation). The code also makes use of Bloch's Theorem which means a wavefunction of a periodic system has a cell-periodic factor and a phase factor. The phase factor is represented by a plane wave. From the usage of Bloch's Theorem, it is ideal to write the wavefunction in plane waves for the cell-periodic factor and the phase factor. From this the basis functions are orthogonal and it is easy to perform a Fourier transform from real to reciprocal space and vice versa. Fast Fourier Transforms are used throughout the CASTEP code, as is the Ewald summation method for Coulombic energies. Along with plane waves and iterative diagonalisation methods (via conjugate gradient or blocked Davidson algorithms), pseudopotentials are essential to the CASTEP code for reducing the computational expense of the calculation. Pseudopotentials replace the atomic nucleus and the core electrons by an effective numeric potential.
Geometry optimisation
CASTEP is capable of optimising the atomic geometry of a system in several different ways. The default is BFGS, whereby an approximation to the Hessian matrix is built up over successive electronic minimisation steps and used to find a search direction at each. Damped molecular dynamics is also possible and often quick to converge, sometimes even faster than BFGS, due to wavefunction extrapolation. Damped MD is most often chosen over BFGS, however, due to the possibility for non-linear ion constraints. A further alternative is the FIRE scheme, which takes approximately the same approach as damped MD, but based on slightly different methodology.
See also
Quantum chemistry computer programs
References
External links
Source repository
Computational chemistry software
Physics software
Density functional theory software
Science and technology in Cambridgeshire
Gustav Wetterström (15 October 1911 – 16 November 1991) was a Swedish football striker.
He played for IK Sleipner Norrköping and the Sweden national football team, for whom he appeared in the 1938 FIFA World Cup. He scored a hat trick in Sweden's 8-0 victory over Cuba, although many sources outside of FIFA have credited him with scoring 4 goals in that match.
References
1911 births
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
1991 deaths
Association football forwards
A Ballad for Canakkale (Çanakkale türküsü) is a Turkish folk song about the Battle of Gallipoli which occurred during World War I on the Gallipoli Peninsula.
It was arranged by Muzaffer Sarısözen, with the lyrics of a local bard, İhsan Ozanoğlu, of Kastamonu.
Lyrics
References
Turkish music
Songs about Turkey
Works about the Gallipoli campaign
Year of song missing
Songwriter unknown
Dunama Lefiami was the Mai (sultan) of the Kanem-Bornu Empire, located in what is now Nigeria, Cameroon and Chad during the early nineteenth century.
Life
Dunama succeeded his father Ahmad, an old and blind Mai who abdicated after the Fulani Jihad resulted in the capture of Ngazargamu. Mai Dunama enlisted the support of Muhammad al-Amin al-Kanemi, to counter the Fulani in word and battle. Dunama rewarded al-Kanemi with slaves and goods, after the defeat of Goni Mukhtar. In 1809, after Ngazarmu was again captured, the noblemen forced Dubama to abdicate, and Dunama's uncle Muhammad Ngileruma was made Mai. By 1813, the courtiers grew tired of Ngileruma, and reinstated Dunama as Mai. Mai Dunama was killed in battle when he led a revolt against al-Kanemi in 1819-20.
Dunama was succeeded by his son, Ibrahim.
References
Rulers of the Bornu Empire
19th-century monarchs in Africa
Nigerian warriors
Kanuri warriors
Kanuri people
Muslim monarchs
African people of Arab descent
Nigerian people of Arab descent
African warriors
Crime Ring is a 1938 American crime drama film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by J. Robert Bren and Gladys Atwater, based on a story by Reginald Taviner. The film stars Allan Lane and Frances Mercer, and was produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, released on July 8, 1938.
Plot
A ring of phony fortune tellers, led by Marvin, "the sightless seer" is in league with racketeers to defraud wealthy clients. Joe Ryan, a reporter, and Judy Allen, an actress agree to help the police by going undercover to expose the ring. Judy poses as a fortune teller, with the help of her friend, Kitty, who is a ventriloquist. While Ryan and Kitty are setting up the trap, Ryan's rich friend, Phoebe Sawyer is duped by Marvin, who along with Lionel Whitmore, a personal finance manager, and Ray Taylor, an attorney. They set her up to take a long voyage, while they forge her name on a power of attorney and steal her fortune.
While Phoebe is falling Marvin's ploy, Ryan has successfully convinced the racketeering ring that he has been duped by Judy, and has the goods on them. Smelling a trap, the gangster Jenner has Ryan picked up to be "taken for a ride", by his two fellow gangsters, Dummy and Slim. Ryan is rescued by the police, who were sent by the assistant district attorney, Tom Redwine.
Whitmore has Marvin killed, believing that Phoebe has left the country, and puts the plan to liquidate her assets in motion. In order to entrap Whitmore, Redwine has Dummy and slim released, who then, with the help of Phoebe, confronts and arrests Taylor. Hoping to escape, Whitmore kidnaps Judy and Kitty to use as a shield. However, the two girls are rescued by Joe and Redwine, along with the police.
Cast
Allan Lane as Joe Ryan
Frances Mercer as Judy Allen
Clara Blandick as Phoebe Sawyer
Inez Courtney as Kitty
Bradley Page as Lionel Whitmore
Ben Welden as Nate
Walter Miller as Jenner
Frank M. Thomas as Thomas Redwine
Jack Arnold as Buzzell
Morgan Conway as Ray Taylor
George Irving as Clifton
Leona Roberts as Mrs. Wharton
Charles Trowbridge as Marvin
Tom Kennedy as Dummy
Paul Fix as Slim
Jack Mulhall as Brady
(Cast list as per AFI database
Production
The working title for the movie was Cheating the Stars. Les Goodwins had been directing comedy shorts prior to this picture, which marked his directorial debut on a feature film. The film was shot partially at RKO's Encino property in the San Fernando Valley.
In June 1938 it was announced that Jack MacKenzie would handle the photography on the picture. At the beginning of June, the release date was announced as July 8. The picture finished filming by mid-May, one day ahead of schedule, and was being edited by the end of the month. As of June 24, the film was still being edited. When the film was released on July 8, it was the 38th picture released by RKO in 1938. The National Legion of Decency rated the film class A-1, making it suitable for general patronage.
Reception
MacKenzie's was said to have done "...an excellent job on photography." The Film Daily said the film was "fast moving" with "plenty of action." They complimented the acting, and felt the plot was well thought out. Harrison's Reports gave the film an average review, calling it a fair melodrama, but finding the plot a bit implausible. The magazine did feel that the film maintained its level of suspense. The Motion Picture Herald enjoyed the film, calling it topical and promising.
References
External links
1938 films
1938 crime drama films
1930s English-language films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Leslie Goodwins
American crime drama films
American black-and-white films
Films produced by Cliff Reid
1930s American films
Noel! Noel!! Noel!!! is a holiday album by Michel Legrand featuring various artists, released in December 2011 through Verve Records.
Track listing
Jamie Cullum – "Let It Snow"
Teddy Thompson/Rufus Wainwright – "White Christmas"
Madeleine Peyroux – "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas"
Madeleine Peyroux, Emilie Simon, Carla Bruni, Rufus Wainwright, Iggy Pop – "Noel d'Espoir"
MIKA – "Vive le Vent" (Jingle Bells)
Emilie Simon – "Santa Baby"
Carla Bruni – "Jolis Sapins"
Iggy Pop – "The Little Drummer Boy"
Ayo – "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town"
Imelda May – "Silent Night"
Alternative track listing (French version)
Jamie Cullum – "Let It Snow"
Rufus Wainwright, Madeleine Peyroux, Emilie Simon, Carla Bruni, Iggy Pop – "Noel d'Espoir"
Madeleine Peyroux – "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas"
MIKA – "Vive le Vent" (Jingle Bells)
Emilie Simon – "Santa Baby"
Renan Luce - "Le pere Noel et la petite fille"
Coeur de Pirate - "Noel Blanc" (White Christmas)
Carla Bruni – "Jolis Sapins"
Iggy Pop – "The Little Drummer Boy"
Ayo – "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town"
Olivia Ruiz - "Le Noel de la rue"
-M- - "Douce Nuit" (Silent Night)
References
2011 albums
Verve Records albums
Vladimir Makeev (born 11 September 1957) is a former Soviet alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1957 births
Living people
Soviet male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the Soviet Union
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
A Manager was any of a set of specialized components of the classic macOS operating system, including those that comprised the Macintosh Toolbox. Each of these Managers was responsible for handling system calls from applications running on the Macintosh, and could be built into the ROM or be loaded into RAM by the system.
Many of these Managers and their functions have been ported to or re-implemented in the Carbon application frameworks. Some of the Managers included in various versions of the macOS include:
Code Fragment Manager (CFM)
Component Manager
Data Access Manager
Edition Manager; used by the ‘Publish and Subscribe' feature
File Manager
Mixed-Mode Manager
Resource Manager
Scrap Manager
Sound Manager
Speech Manager
Window Manager
References
Macintosh operating systems development
The Butler Way is a term used since the 2006–2007 men's NCAA college basketball season by broadcasters and sportswriters nationwide to describe the governing philosophy of the Butler Bulldogs, one of the most successful former mid-major programs. The Butler Way demands commitment, denies selfishness and accepts reality, yet seeks constant improvement while promoting the good of the team above self.
History of the term
The Butler Way was originally forged by Butler University's legendary coach and administrator Tony Hinkle.
The five principles
The Butler Way has become closely associated with the five principles of Butler Basketball. The five principles as posted in the Men's Basketball locker-room are as follows:
Humility - know who we are, strengths and weaknesses
Passion - do not be lukewarm, commit to excellence
Unity - do not divide our house, team first
Servanthood - make teammates better, lead by giving
Thankfulness - learn from every circumstance
See also
Team work
Seven Point Creeds
References
Butler Way
The Book of Sand () is a 1975 short story collection by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. In the author's opinion, the collection, written in his last days — and while blind — is his best book. This opinion is not shared by most critics, many of whom prefer his other works such as those in Ficciones (1944).
Referring to the collection, Borges said:
The first edition, published in Buenos Aires by Emecé, contained 181 pages. In Madrid it was edited that year by Ultramar.
Borges opts for an epilogue to this short story collection, different from the cases of his previous collections The Garden of Forking Paths (1941) and Artifices (1944) (later republished together in Ficciones), which had a prologue. Regarding this, Borges begins The Book of Sand's epilogue by saying: "To prologue unread stories is an almost impossible work, as it demands the analysis of plots one should not anticipate. I prefer, thus, an epilogue."
Content
The work consists essentially of a collection of thirteen short stories (original titles in italics):
The Other (El Otro)
Ulrikke (Ulrica)
The Congress (El Congreso)
There Are More Things (There Are More Things)
The Sect of the Thirty (La Secta de los Treinta)
The Night of the Gifts (La noche de los dones)
The Mirror and the Mask (El espejo y la máscara)
Undr (Undr)
A Weary Man's Utopia (Utopía de un hombre que está cansado)
The Bribe (El soborno)
Avelino Arredondo (Avelino Arredondo)
The Disk (El disco)
The Book of Sand (El libro de arena)
Amongst these stories the most notable include: The Other, the first story of the collection, in which the protagonist (Borges himself) encounters a younger version of himself (similar to his later short story August 25, 1983), The Congress, on an utopic universal congress (seen by critics as a political essay), There Are More Things, written in memory of H. P. Lovecraft, on an encounter with a monstrous extraterrestrial inhabiting an equally monstrous house, Undr, on the maximum poetic synthesis, The Sect of the Thirty, on an ancient manuscript that tells of the characteristics of a sect that equally venerated Jesus Christ and Judas Iscariot, A Weary Man's Utopia (according to Borges, "the most honest and melancholic piece in the collection"), The Disk, on a one-sided coin, and the titular work The Book of Sand, on a book with infinite pages.
Evaluating his work, Borges said:
Notes
References
External links
Study guide of the stories in The Book of Sand
1975 short story collections
Short story collections by Jorge Luis Borges
Science fiction short story collections
Fantasy short story collections
The following is a partial list of eponymous streets and squares in Metro Manila — that is, streets or roads and plazas named after people — with notes on the link between the road/plaza and the person.
Streets
Gallery
List
Squares and plazas
Notes
References
Metro Manila
Streets
Streets
Walkin' the Razor's Edge is the fourth studio album by the Canadian heavy metal band Helix. It was released on the Capitol Records label in 1984, reaching No. 27 on the Canadian RPM Album Chart, and selling 100,000 copies in Canada and 400,000 internationally.
The video for its lead single, "Rock You", which was filmed in a quarry in Kitchener, Ontario, is perhaps best known for the image of guitar player Brent Doerner emerging from the water to play his guitar solo. "Rock You" reached number 27 on the Canadian RMP Pop Singles Chart, although it was more popular on Canadian rock radio stations. The second single was the Crazy Elephant cover "Gimme Gimme Good Lovin'". Two versions of its music video were filmed: One for music video channels, and the other being an "adult" version featuring topless models including a then 16-year-old porn star Traci Lords. This version was aired on the Playboy Channel in the United States. The band also made a promotional video for their A Foot in Coldwater cover, "(Make Me Do) Anything You Want", with the song reaching number 44 on the Canadian RPM Pop Chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Band members
Brian Vollmer – lead vocals
Brent "The Doctor" Doerner – guitars, backing vocals
Paul Hackman – guitars, backing vocals
Daryl Gray – bass, backing vocals
Greg "Fritz" Hinz – drums
Additional musicians
Spider Sinnaeve – additional bass
Production
Produced by Tom Treumuth for Hypnotic Productions, except "Rock You" and "Young & Wreckless", co-produced by Helix and Rodney Mills
Bonus tracks produced by Simon Hanhart
Recorded & Engineered by Dave Wittman
Recorded at Phase One Studios (Toronto), Electric Lady (New York City), Studio One (Atlanta)
Rodney Mills – mixing
Gregory M. Quesnel – mixing assistant
Originally Mastered by Bob Ludwig
Remastered by Jon Astley (2009 Rock Candy version)
Heather Brown, Robert Meecham – art direction
Charts
Album
Singles
References
Helix (band) albums
1984 albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums recorded at Electric Lady Studios
Robert Nelson Fry (November 29, 1922 – January 12, 1993) was an American professional golfer instrumental in the development of golf in the Iowa and Illinois area.
Background
Born in Keokuk, Iowa, Fry began his golf career as a caddy at the age of 9.
The first documentation of Fry's significant amateur play was in 1942 when the Iowa Open and Iowa Amateur were combined into a 54-hole tournament at the Sunnyside course in Waterloo. He came from nowhere and finished fifth in the field. Starting with a mediocre 77, he went through the last 36 holes with a 71-69. He came back in 1947, after 5 years in the military, to be runner-up in the Iowa Amateur bowing in match play to Fred Gordon of Belmond 3 and 2.
During 1943 and 1944, Sgt. Bob Fry served as a navigator in the 69th Squadron, 433rd Troop Carrier Group in New Guinea and Guam under Commanding Officer Cecil B. Guile, Lt. Col., Air Corps. 433rd TC was the largest troop carrier group in the world. According to the group's journal,
Troop Carrier is, and has been throughout this war, an integral part of the Army Air Forces. When invasions have been made in various theaters of operations and paratroopers and airborne infantry had to be flown in, in advance of the other invasions forces, when reinforcements were imperative, when ammunition or engineering equipment were running low, when wounded had to be evacuated, or when General Patton suddenly needed maps of Germany during his rapid advance, Troop Carrier was called upon - and came through. In spite of being the youngest organization in the Army Air Forces, Troop Carrier has established an enviable record, which has been acclaimed and commended by all Allied Armed Forces which Troop Carrier has so faithfully served.
Fry moved to Fort Madison, Iowa, to become head pro at the Fort Madison Country Club at the request of brothers Walt and John Sheaffer of Sheaffer Pen company.
In 1960, Fry took the head pro position for three municipal golf courses in Davenport, Iowa (Emeis, Duck Creek and Credit Island). He organized an exhibition match with Arnold Palmer and Gary Player at Emeis Golf Course in the early 1960s. This later became the Quad Cities Open.
In 1970, Fry, Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Lujack, Franklin "Whitey" Barnard, John Deere Corporation brothers Jim and Ray McGloughlin, restaurant owner Nic Chirekos and several others developed Crow Valley Golf Club in Bettendorf, Iowa. Originally intended to be a men's only club, and designed specifically with the PGA Tour in mind, the club was forced to open the links to women with the advent of the 'women's lib' movement. Fry brought the Quad Cities Open (known today as the John Deere Classic) to Crow Valley Golf Club. This tournament continues as an annual PGA Tour event through 2010.
"Fry...said the idea of a Quad-City Open probably had its hatching back in 1964. "That year and again in '65, I held a $5,000 tourney at Emeis.., but we dropped the tourney because the PGA and Tournament Players Division (TPD) were having their differences," he explained. "It took about five years for the two groups to straighten out their squabble, " Fry continued. "In 1970, the two groups adopted a program for smaller sponsoring tournaments, calling them satellites instead of labeling them class B or minor meets," said Fry. "I happened to be on the list for such an event - and working through Marshall Dann (the executive director of the Western Golf Association) and the right parties here in the Quad-Cities - we landed last year's [1971] tourney." This was probably the best of the 16 satellite stops on the tour in 1971.
Fry won the Iowa Section PGA tournament five times, including a 1965 record-setting 66-62=128 round at Marshalltown to win by 15 strokes. He played in the Western Open countless times, and qualified for the Los Angeles, Tucson and Phoenix Opens for over 20 years. In 1961, Fry shot a qualifying round of 68 at Scottsdale Country Club, tying for low honors in the $32,500 Phoenix Open. He qualified for six PGA Championships, one year recording a 66-62=128 to lead the nation in qualifying. He also recorded 18 holes in one.
In June 1972, Fry defeated Bettendorf pro, Gary Lockie, in a two-hole playoff of the Iowa PGA Match Play to win the Iowa-Western Illinois section title. "There were 49 pros entered with the top 16 advancing to the finals of match play competition where they played 9-hole matches. The remainder played an 18-hole consolation round. A birdie on the par 5, second hole put Lockie ahead before Fry drilled a 20-footer home for a bird on the par 3, fourth hole. Lockie regained the advantage on the next hole when Fry bogeyed, but on the seventh hole it was just the opposite - a par for Fry with Lockie taking a bogey. On the second hole of their playoff after both parred the first extra hold, Lockie's first shot on the par 4, 383-yard 11th hole sailed into the trees on the left side. His second shot was short of the green and the ensuing chip was to the back edge of the green. Lockie then 2-putted for a bogey. Fry settled for a routine par on the hole to claim the title. Fry pocketed $400 of the combined $1000 purse."
Touring pros Lonnie Nielsen, Tommy Aaron, and Jim Jamieson were three of Fry's more famous pupils. Nielsen once said, "I learned more about golf in a two-hour conversation over coffee with Bob Fry than I learned in a lifetime of lessons and practicing."
Jim Jamieson defeated Tommy Aaron in the Western Open in June 1972. "Jamieson...readily admitted [his] good scores were due to the teachings of Bob Fry of Crow Valley Golf Club... Fry gave Jamieson tips on driving... Jamieson missed only three greens in regulation, making three birdies and an eagle in one 5-hole stretch. Jamieson explained Fry got him to concentrate on the tie instead of rushing to get it over with.
The Michigan Golfer On-Line, in their discussion of Garland-Lewiston, part of the Gaylord Golf Mecca, says instructor "Lee Woodruff's philosophy of teaching comes from his long-time mentor, Bob Fry of Iowa. Fry always talked about balance in his lessons."
Jim Hasley, an assistant to Fry before becoming a pro on his own, tells this story of Fry's character: "A member from one of the local country clubs came into the pro shop and wanted to purchase some new clubs. Fry asked why the member didn't buy these from his own pro. The member said he had been in an argument with the other pro. After the sale, Fry figured out the profit, wrote out a check to the other pro for that amount, and sent the check with a fatherly note to the other pro to get back on good terms with his member."
Fry was one of the few club professionals on the paid staff of Wilson Sporting Goods. Fry helped design and test new equipment. Many still use the special "Bob Fry loft" irons. Joe Phillips of Wilson Sporting Goods upon hearing of Fry's death said, "Bob Fry was the epitome of a golf professional. Although an expert golfer himself, he dedicated his life to teaching golf and helping others improve their game. We've lost a good friend."
Fry was Iowa PGA Section president from 1957 to 1959.
Fry was inducted posthumously into the Iowa Golf Hall of Fame March 22, 1993.
Bob Fry Tells Club Golf Pros What's Important
1. He must be a good professional instructor and know the fundamentals and mechanics of the golf swing.
2. He must be a good merchandiser and stock his shop to the satisfaction of club members.
3. He must be familiar with every phase of golf activity at his club and must understand tournament operations.
4. He must be a public relations man for his club.
5. He must have knowledge of the golf course, and the many problems connected with it.
6. He must understand the problems of the club manager and give him all possible cooperation.
Course records
Emeis Golf Course, Davenport, Iowa (29-29=58)
Rock Island Arsenal, Rock Island, Illinois (63)
Crow Valley Golf Club, Bettendorf, Iowa (62)
Tamarron Golf Resort, Durango, Colorado (62)
Source
Tournament wins
Iowa Open - 1967
Iowa PGA Championship - 1959, 1963, 1965, 1966, and 1974
Iowa-Western Illinois Match Play - 1972
Source
References
American male golfers
Golfers from Iowa
1922 births
1993 deaths
Dee is an unincorporated community and former company town in Hood River County, Oregon, United States, on Oregon Route 281, about 11 miles south of Hood River.
History
The Oregon Lumber Company built a sawmill at Dee in 1906 and named it for Thomas Duncombe Dee, a stockholder and business associate of board member David Eccles. Dee was also a station on the Eccles-owned Mount Hood Railroad. In addition to the large sawmill, Dee had a privately owned water works and electric lighting system, as well as a general store, shops, and a hotel.
Dee had a population of 250 in 1915; 200 in 1919, and by 1940 the population had declined to 100.
Dee was sold to the Edward Hines Lumber Company in 1958 and they dismantled the town.
Besides logging, Dee's economy is also tied to the fruit-growing industry of the Hood River Valley. The area was one of the primary communities in the Hood River Valley farmed by Nikkei—Japanese migrants and their descendants. The first Japanese in the area were hired as laborers on the Mount Hood Railroad. They also worked at the mill and lived in the company housing on both sides of the East Fork Hood River, which passes through the town.
About 35 Nikkei families lived in Dee in the 1920s and they founded the Dee Japanese Community Hall.
Geography
The area's fruit orchards lie between the east and west forks of the Hood River in an area known as Dee Flat.
Economy
Oregon Democratic State Senator Wayne Fawbush operated a blueberry farm in Dee for 20 years, which is still in operation.
References
External links
Historic images of Dee from Salem Public Library
Unincorporated communities in Hood River County, Oregon
Company towns in Oregon
Populated places established in 1908
1908 establishments in Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
"God Save Us All (Death to POP)" is the eighth track on Canadian rock band Sum 41's album 13 Voices, and was released on September 29, 2016.
Music video
The release of the single was accompanied by a live music video, directed by Blake Primes, with footage filmed on the band's 2016 European summer tour and the 2016 Vans Warped Tour, beginning with lead singer and rhythm guitarist Deryck Whibley stating that:
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Sum 41 songs
Songs written by Deryck Whibley
Hopeless Records singles
David Breakenridge Read (13 June 1823 – 11 May 1904) was a Canadian lawyer, educator, author, and Mayor of Toronto in 1858. Read was Mayor of Toronto from November 11, 1858 to December 31, 1858. He served a mere 50 days, thus making him the shortest-serving Mayor of that city.
Born in Merrickville, Ontario, the sixth child of John Landon Read [1789-??] and Janet Breakenridge [1795-1832]. Read was educated in Brockville, and, at the age of thirteen, was accepted into Toronto's Upper Canada College. Four years later, 1840, he was admitted to the Law Society of Upper Canada. Read began his law articles while working for George Sherwood in Brockville. His studies were finished with John Ross in Belleville and then John Willoughby Crawford in Toronto. Read was admitted into the bar in 1845. He then began a law practice which became successful. In 1845 he served as Barrister at Law.
He married Emily Ballard, born 1827, daughter of Norman Ballard. The couple had seven children.
In November 1855, he was elected a Bencher of the Law Society of Upper Canada. The next year, Read was appointed by Attorney General John A.MacDonald to a commission to revise the statutes of Upper Canada. Read served as a junior commissioner and was the commission's secretary. In 1858, he was elected to Toronto City Council as alderman for St Patrick's Ward. Council appointed him Mayor of Toronto on November 11, 1858 after his predecessor, William Henry Boulton, announced his resignation. He served in that post until December 31 of that year, when Adam Wilson was elected to take that post. He was also a member of the Orange Order in Canada.
Read continued to serve in the Law Society until his retirement in April 1881 at the age of 55. In November 1902, at the age of 79, Read suffered a stroke that would leave him bedridden for the final year and half until his death. He died on May 11, 1904, and was buried among many of his colleagues in a private funeral at St. James Cemetery in Toronto.
References
External links
1823 births
1904 deaths
Mayors of Toronto
Burials at St. James Cemetery, Toronto
Kempe Gowda is a 2011 Kannada-language action film starring Sudeepa and Ragini Dwivedi in the lead roles. The film was directed by Sudeepa and produced by Shankar Gowda. It is a remake of the Tamil-language film Singam directed by Hari. Arjun Janya has composed the music. A namesake sequel titled Kempegowda 2 was released in 2019.
Plot
Kempe Gowda is a sub-inspector in a dusty village of Rona in Hubli in North Karnataka, his hometown, where he is adored. His bumbling colleague Pashupati is cheerful and always helps him with his work. His family business is provisional stores and Kempegowda wants to join it but he joined the police due to his father's wishes. He resolves most of the problems in his village with non-violence and mutual counselling. He uses force only when the situation demands it, thereby gaining much reputation and love from the villagers. Mahadev an industrialist based in Bangalore and a friend of Kempegowda's father comes to the village along with his beautiful daughter Kavya. Eventually Kempegowda and Kavya fall in love with each other.
Bangalore-based Armugam, a big-time extortionist with shady mafia dealings who blackmails people by complaining to the Income Tax Department, is required to travel to Hubli to sign a conditional bail. He instead, sends one of his allies to do the formalities, much to the anger and rage of Kempegowda who demands that Armugam sign the bail in person. Humiliated, Armugam reaches Hubli but is unable to take any revenge on Kempegowda fearing the immense love and devotion of the entire village towards Kempegowda. Using his political contacts, he gets Kempegowda transferred to Bangalore to teach him a lesson. Kempegowda, unaware of Armugam's hand behind his transfer, joins Magadi Road police station. His co-worker, Sub-Inspector Bose, hates Armugam for his crimes but is unable to take any action because of Armugam's political powers. The assistant commissioner, Kempegowda's senior, is on Armugam's payroll and takes care in concealing and eliminating the evidence of Armugam's crimes from the eyes of the law. The police commissioner also does not help Kempegowda as there is no evidence against Armugam and the assistant commissioner and in turn, warns him to stay away from Armugam's case.
Unable to take on Armugam in his stronghold, Kempegowda wants to return to his village but is stopped by Kavya who encourages him to fight against the evil and not run like a coward. Being mentally tortured by Armugam, Kempegowda arrests Armugam's brother Vaikunta in a fake case of illegally smuggling alcohol. He thwarts off the assistant commissioner in full view of the public when the assistant commissioner, bounded by his duties to Armugam, tries to protect the henchman. Meanwhile, Armugam kidnaps Kavya's younger sister Divya for ransom. Rescuing her, with unexpected help from the Home Minister Kempegowda successfully traces the origins of the kidnapping racket to Armugam. Kempegowda also gets promoted to Assistant Commissioner of the specially-formed Anti-kidnapping Task Force. Mahadev, who was hostile to Kempegowda following an altercation with Kempegowda's father back at Hubli, softens up and agrees to give him Kavya's hand in marriage.
The police officers, including the police commissioner, and the assistant commissioner, now on Kempegowda's side, decide to help Kempegowda fight Armugam. They manage to kill Armugam's brother in an encounter at a hospital and begins to target everyone and everything related to Armugam. In retribution Armugam starts targeting everyone close to Kempegowda including Kavya whom he shoots but is saved by Kempegowda and Bose who is hacked to death by Armugam's henchmen. Finally in a bid to escape the arrest warrant issued out to him, Armugam kidnaps the Tamil Nadu Home Minister's daughter. He falsely tells Kempegowda that he is going to Mangalore with her when he is actually going to Nellore in Andhra Pradesh to put the police off the track. However Kempegowda manages to pursue them till Gudur near Nellore, where he rescues the home minister's daughter and kills Armugam in an encounter. In the end as the post credits roll, Kempegowda is seen with Kavya heading back to Mysuru, and as when Kempegowda is stopped briefly by the Home Minister who offers an undercover mission, to which Kempegowda willingly agrees.
Cast
Sudeepa as Kempe Gowda
Ragini Dwivedi as Kavya
P. Ravi Shankar as Armugam
Ashok Kheni as Home Minister
Prashanth as Bose
Girish Karnad as Mahadeva, Kavya's father
Ashok as Kempe Gowda's father
J. Karthik as Vaikunta, Armugam's brother
Sharan as Pashupathi, constable
Tara as Kavya's Mother
Chitra Shenoy as Kempe Gowda's mother
Bullet Prakash as Thirupati
Chiranjeevi Sarja as Ram (cameo)
Jai Jagadish as ACP Shankar
Vaibhav Rao
M. N. Suresh as Armugam's lawyer
Patre Nagaraj
Arasu Maharaj
Shiva manju
Manmohan Rai
Mohan Juneja
Ba. Ma. Harish
Killer Venkatesh
Vinayak Joshi
Tharun Sudhir
Tarun Chandra
Rahul Inapur
Kiran Rao
Avinash Narasimharaju
Kishori Ballal Kavya's grandmother
H. G. Dattatreya as Kavya's grandfather
Ravi Varma
Rajeev Gowda
Soundtrack
The soundtrack of Kempegowda was released by Anand Audio. The songs were composed by Arjun Janya with lyrics by V. Nagendra Prasad.
Track listing
Release
Kempe Gowda was released in 100+ theaters on 10 March 2011 across the state.
Reception
Critical response
A critic from The Times of India scored the film at 4 out of 5 stars and says "Ragini does due justice to the role as the lively and exciting girl next door. Sharan as a cop excels in tickling your funny bone. Tara, Girish Karnad, Jai Jagadish and Ashok Kheny play their part to a T. Cinematography by Krishna of `Mungaru Male' fame is noteworthy. Equally good is music by Arjun Janya. Ravi Varma and Different Danny deserve special mention for their brilliant stunt works". A critic from The New Indian Express wrote "Ragini has done a neat job. She is very good in the song sequences. Sharan makes audience giggle for a while with his performance. The movie is worth watching and also proves to be a family entertainer with a number of scenes loaded with sentiment".
Response
Kempe Gowda earned in its first week.
Awards and nominations
59th Filmfare Awards South :-
Filmfare Award for Best Film - Kannada – Nominated
Filmfare Award for Best Actor - Kannada – Nominated – Sudeepa
Filmfare Award for Best Actress - Kannada – Nominated – Ragini Dwivedi
Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor - Kannada – Winner – P. Ravi Shankar
1st South Indian International Movie Awards :-
Best Actor (Male) – Kannada – Nominated – Sudeepa
Best Actor (Female) – Kannada – Nominated – Ragini Dwivedi
Best Actor in a Supporting Role – Kannada – Nominated – Tara
Best Actor in a Negative Role – Kannada – Nominated – P. Ravi Shankar
Best Playback Singer (Male) – Kannada – Nominated – Vijay Prakash for the song "Thara Thara Hidiside"
Best Lyricist – Kannada – Nominated – Ghose Dheer for the song "Thara Thara Hidiside"
Sandalwood Star Awards :-
Best Film – Nominated
Best Actress – Nominated – Ragini Dwivedi
Best Actor in a Negative Role – Nominated – P. Ravi Shankar
Rising Star (Female) – Winner – Ragini Dwivedi
Best Music Director – Nominated – Arjun Janya
Best Stunt Director – Nominated – Ravi Varma
Best Stunt Director – Nominated – Different Dyani
Best Cinematographer – Nominated – Krishna
Best Editor – Nominated – N.M Vishwa
4th Suvarna Film Awards :-
Best Editor – Winner – N.M. Vishwa
Bangalore Times Film Awards :-
Best Actor in a Negative Role – Winner – P. Ravi Shankar
Best Film – Nominated
Best Music Director – Nominated – Arjun Janya
Best Lyricist – Nominated – Yogaraj Bhat for the song "Hale Radio"
Best Playback Singer Male – Nominated – Sudeepa for the song "Hale Radio"
Best Playback Singer Female – Nominated – Shamitha Malnad for the song "Hale Radio"
1st Kannada International Music Awards (KiMA):-
Best Composer (Film Album) – Nominated – Arjun Janya
Best Background Score – Winner – Arjun Janya
References
External links
Films set in Bangalore
2011 films
2010s Kannada-language films
Fictional portrayals of the Karnataka Police
Kannada remakes of Tamil films
Films scored by Arjun Janya
Singam (film series)
2011 masala films
Films shot in Bangalore
SCIA, the Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis, is a biennial scientific conference organized by the national pattern recognition societies in the Nordic countries (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden). The conference is officially sponsored by the International Association of Pattern Recognition which is the international umbrella organization for the national pattern recognition societies. The conference series was established by pattern recognition, image analysis and computer vision pioneers in the universities of the Nordic countries, but has become an international conference acknowledged by the researches in the fields of computer vision, image analysis, pattern recognition and multimedia.
The submitted papers are peer-reviewed using the single-blind practice by 2-3 reviewers and the acceptance ratio is typically between 40 and 50%. The oral session is a single-track. The conference rotates between the four organizing countries. All accepted articles, both oral and poster, are published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science. The official language of the submissions and the conference is English.
At the conference banquet, the biennial award for the best Scandinavian PhD thesis in the fields of pattern recognition and image analysis is announced.
Organized SCIA conferences
22nd SCIA - 2023, Levi Ski Resort in Lapland, Finland.
22nd SCIA - 2021 was cancelled and rescheduled due to the COVID-19 pandemic
21st SCIA - 2019, Norrköping, Sweden (63 papers submitted, 40 accepted, acceptance rate 63%)
20th SCIA - 2017, Tromsø, Norway (140 papers submitted, 87 accepted, acceptance rate 63%)
19th SCIA - 2015, Copenhagen, Denmark (67 papers submitted, 45 accepted, acceptance rate 67%)
18th SCIA - 2013, Espoo, Finland (132 papers submitted, 67 accepted, acceptance rate 51%)
17th SCIA - 2011, Ystad Saltsjöbad, Sweden (140 papers submitted, 30 orals, 45 posters, acceptance rate 53%).
16th SCIA - 2009, Oslo, Norway (154 papers submitted, 30 orals, 49 posters, 51%).
15th SCIA - 2007, Aalborg, Denmark (228 papers submitted, 33 orals, 66 posters, 43%).
14th SCIA - 2005, Joensuu, Finland (236 papers submitted, 31 orals, 93 posters, 53%).
13th SCIA - 2003, Gothenburg, Sweden (224 papers submitted, 75 orals, 76 posters, 67%).
12th SCIA - 2001, Bergen, Norway (129 papers submitted, 56 orals, 46 posters, 68%).
11th SCIA - 1999, Kangerlussuaq, Greenland (Denmark) (132 papers submitted, 61 orals, 51 posters, 85%).
10th SCIA - 1997, Lappeenranta, Finland (197 papers submitted, 97 orals, 39 posters, 68%).
9th SCIA - 1995, Uppsala, Sweden.
8th SCIA - 1993, Tromssa, Norway.
7th SCIA - 1991, Aalborg, Denmark.
6th SCIA - 1989, Oulu, Finland.
5th SCIA - 1987, Saltjöbaden (Stockholm), Sweden.
4th SCIA - 1985, Trondheim, Norway.
3rd SCIA - 1983, Copenhagen, Denmark.
2nd SCIA - 1981, Espoo, Finland.
1st SCIA - 1980, Linkoping, Sweden.
Best Nordic thesis awards
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2017-2018: “Learning Convolution Operators for Visual Tracking” by Martin Danelljan, Linköping University, Sweden.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2015-2016: “Quantum Cuts, A Quantum Mechanical Spectral Graph Partitioning Method for Salient Object Detection” by Caglar Aytekin, Tampere University, Finland.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2013-2014: “Discrete Optimization in Early Vision” by Petter Strandmark, Lund University, Sweden.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2011-2012: “Vision-Based 2D and 3D Human Activity Recognition” by Michael Boelstoft Holte, Aalborg University, Denmark.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2009-2010: “Global Optimization in Computer Vision: Convexity, Cuts and Approximation Algorithms” by Carl Olsson, Lund University, Sweden.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2007-2008: “Algorithms for Approximate Bayesian Inference with Applications to Astronomical Data Analysis” by Markus Harva, Helsinki University of Technology, Finland.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2005-2006: “Variational Problems and Level Set Methods in Computer Vision - Theory and Applications” by Jan-Erik Solem, Lund University, Sweden.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2003-2004: “Generative Interpretation of Medical Images” by Mikkel B. Stegmann, Denmark Technical University, Denmark.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 2001-2002: “Geometry and Critical Configurations of Multiple Views” by Fredrik Kahl, Lund University, Sweden.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 1999-2000: “Frame Based Signal Representation and Compression” by Kjersti Engan, University of Stavanger, Norway.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 1995-1996: “Invariancy Methods for Points, Curves and Surfaces in Computational Vision” by Kalle Åström, Lund University, Sweden.
Best Nordic Thesis Award 1993-1994: “Low Bitrate Image Sequence Coding” by Haibo Li, Linköping University, Sweden.
Best paper awards
SCIA2019 Best paper award: "Predicting Novel Views Using Generative Adversarial Query Network" by Phong Nguyen-Ha, Lam Huynh Esa Rahtu, and Janne Heikkilä
SCIA2017 Best Paper award: "Robust and Practical Depth Map Fusion for Time-of-Flight Cameras", by Markus Ylimäki, Juho Kannala, and Janne Heikkilä.
SCIA2017 Best Student Paper Award: "Deep Kernelized Autoencoders", by Michael Kampffmeyer, Sigurd Løkse, Filippo M. Bianchi, Robert Jenssen, and Lorenzo Livi.
SCIA2015 Best Student Paper Award: “Uberatlas: Robust Speed-Up of Feature-Based Registration and Multi-Atlas Segmentation” by Jennifer Alvén, Alexander Norlén, Olof Enqvist, and Fredrik Kahl.
SCIA2013 Best Paper Award: “Robust Scale-adaptive Mean-Shift for Tracking” by Tomas Vojir, Jana Noskova, and Jiri Matas.
SCIA2013 Best Student Paper Award: “Genus Zero Graph Segmentation: Estimation of Intracranial Volume” by Rasmus R. Jensen, Signe S. Thorup, Rasmus R. Paulsen, Tron A. Darvann, Nuno V. Hermann, Per Larsen, Sven Kreiborg, and Rasmus Larsen
References
External links
SCIA 2023 Web Site
Pattern Recognition Society of Finland
Norwegian Society for Image Processing and Pattern Recognition
Swedish Society for Automated Image Analysis
Scandinavia
Computer science conferences
James Tillinghast Archer (May 15, 1819 – June 1, 1859) was an American lawyer and politician from the state of Florida. Archer held a number of statewide offices.
Early life
Archer was born on May 15, 1819 in Gillisonville, South Carolina. His family moved to Leon County in the Florida Territory in the 1830s as a result of his father, Hugh Archer, taking a position on the Florida Territorial Legislative Council. Archer was thus raised into Florida politics from an early age.
Political career
In 1840, Archer was named U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Florida, though he would only hold the position for that year. A Democrat, he was named the first Florida Secretary of State when Florida gained its statehood in 1845. He served in this position until April 1848, when he was appointed as the third Florida Attorney General upon the resignation of incumbent Augustus Maxwell.
During his tenure, Archer was selected to be a member of the first Democratic National Committee at the 1848 Democratic National Convention. He would serve as Attorney General until his resignation in October 1848.
After his resignation, Archer began a private law practice in Tallahassee, Florida, partnering with local lawyer Hugh A. Corley to form the law firm Archer and Corley. Archer would later be briefly appointed as the fifth Florida Comptroller following the short absence of incumbent Theodore W. Brevard. He would serve from November 1854 until Brevard's return in January 1855.
Death and legacy
Archer died in Tallahassee on June 1, 1859 from heart disease. He is buried in the Old City Cemetery in Tallahassee.
Shortly after his death, his friend David Levy Yulee named the town of Archer, Florida after him.
References
External links
1819 births
1859 deaths
Florida Attorneys General
Secretaries of State of Florida
Florida Democrats
Florida Comptrollers
19th-century American politicians
People from Jasper County, South Carolina
People from Tallahassee, Florida
David Carswell is a Canadian music producer and co-owner, with John Collins, of JCDC Studios, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Bands
The Evaporators, The Smugglers, Rodney Graham
Produced
Maow, Single on OH CANADUH!, 1995
Maow, The Unforgiving Sounds of..., 1996
The Evaporators, United Empire Loyalists, 1996
Thee Goblins, We Are Thee Goblins From Canada, 1998
The Evaporators, I Gotta Rash,1998
Destroyer, City of Daughters, 1998
Rodney Graham, Ramblin' Man, 1999
Rodney Graham, Edge of a Wood, 1999
Rodney Graham, I'm a Noise Man, 1999
Rodney Graham, Bed Bug: Love Buzz, 1999
The New Pornographers, "Letter from an Occupant", 1997
Rodney Graham, Gettin' it Together in the Country, 2000
The Softies, Holiday in Rhode Island, 2000
The New Pornographers, Mass Romantic, 2000 (Remastered in 2003)
The Good Jacket Presents..., Vancouver Special,
The New Pornographers, "The Fake Headlines", 2000
Destroyer, Thief, 2000
Destroyer, Streethawk: A Seduction, 2001
The Evaporators, "Honk the Horn" single, 2001
Rodney Graham, The King's Part, 2001
Destroyer, This Night, 2002
The New Pornographers, "Your Daddy Don't Know" single, Fubar soundtrack, 2002
Tegan and Sara, If It Was You, 2002
The Tennessee Twin, Free To Do What?, 2002
Volumizer, Gaga for Gigi, 2002
Young and Sexy, Stand Up for Your Mother, 2002
The Lisa Marr Experiment, American Jitters, 2003
The New Pornographers, Electric Version, 2003
The Owl and the Pussycat, The Owl and the Pussycat, 2003
Rodney Graham, Rock is Hard, 2003
Young and Sexy, Life Through One Speaker, 2003
A.C. Newman, The Slow Wonder, 2004
Destroyer, Your Blues, 2004
The Evaporators, Ripple Rock, 2004
The Smugglers, Mutiny in Stereo, 2004
Tegan and Sara, So Jealous, 2004
Rodney Graham Band, Never Tell A Pal A Hard Luck Story, Released October 2005
Immaculate Machine, Ones and Zeros, Released September 2005
The New Pornographers, Twin Cinema, Released August 2005
Destroyer, Destroyer's Rubies, Released February 2006
Apollo Ghosts, Forgotten Triangle, Released March 2009
Apollo Ghosts, S/T 7" with Role Mach Electric Band, Released Feb 2010
Apollo Ghosts, Hastings Sunrise, Released Dec 2008
Apollo Ghosts, Mount Benson, Released March 2010
Eamon McGrath, peacemaker, Released July 2010
Big John Bates, Black Timber Bitter Root, (Mixing), Released 2014
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian record producers
Canadian indie rock musicians
Raktadantika was the fierce form of goddess Durga. Rakta-dantika means teeth are red in colour. She incarnated to destroy asura Vaiprachitta. According to Devi Mahatmya, Devi Raktadantika was the incarnation of Goddess Durga. Her other beings are Nandadevi, Shakambhari, Bhramari and Bhimaa. Another account describes her as a form of Kali, with an entirely red body.
Legend
Once upon a time, a demon named Vaiprachitta not powerful enough, and the devas were defeated by the demon. So, the Asuras shook the universe. To get over this, Goddess Durga incarnated as Raktadantika and killed them.
She has been described as living in a pomegranate tree. Her red teeth are analogous to red pomegranate seed pods.
References
Durga Puja
Neochrysops is a genus of horse flies in the family Tabanidae.
Distribution
United States.
Species
Neochrysops globosus Walton, 1918
References
Brachycera genera
Tabanidae
Diptera of North America
Armavir Radar Station () is an early warning radar station near Armavir in Krasnodar Krai, Russia. It is a key part of the Russian early warning system against missile attack and is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces. There are two radars here - one faces south west and one south east. They provide radar coverage of the Middle East.
The station is located on the former Baronovsky Airfield () south west of the village of Glubokiy and south west of Armavir.
The station was described as starting to operate at the end of 2006 and then entering "experimental combat mode" in 2008. On the day in 2009 that Russia lost coverage from radars in Ukraine it was announced that it had "begun operations". In May 2012 it was announced that it would go on combat duty before the end of 2012. In December 2012 it was announced it will be in the first quarter of 2013. 6 June 2013 commissioned by order of the President Vladimir Putin visiting the Central Command Post of the Russian Armed Forces. Planned second segment, which will overlap zone of the Gabala radar station.
It was developed by NIIDAR (НИИДАР) and was built by Spetsstroy (Федеральное агентство специального строительства, also called Спецстрой России). Equipment installation was performed by Spetstehmontazh (Спецтехмонтаж).
Voronezh radar
Voronezh radar are highly prefabricated radars needing fewer personnel and using less energy than previous generations. There are two in Armavir and they are described as Voronezh-DM, a UHF radar with a stated range of .
One of the radars, facing southwest, replaces the coverage lost by the dispute with Ukraine over the Dnepr radars in Mukachevo and Sevastopol. The other, facing south east, can replace the Daryal radar in Gabala although it is behind in construction.
Armavir and Gabala
Data from Armavir, together with Gabala was offered to the United States as part of the negotiations over Russian opposition to US missile defence in Europe. Armavir is close to Iran, like Gabala, and also provides intelligence on missile activity in the Middle East.
Armavir cannot completely counter the loss of Gabala. Gabala is further south and has a longer range. Armavir may also be affected by the Caucasus Mountains.
In 2007 Vladimir Popovkin, then commander of the Russian Space Forces, said that Gabala, together with Balkhash in Kazakhstan and the two stations in Ukraine, cannot be relied upon as Russia cannot be sure it will have access to them in periods of international tension and war.
2013 ballistic launch in Mediterranean
On 3 September 2013 Armavir detected two US/Israeli ballistic test launches in the Mediterranean towards Syria.
References
External links
Voronezh-DM Armavir photos from Novosti Kosmonavtiki
Russian Space Forces
Russian and Soviet military radars
Military installations of Russia
Qatar competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.
Results by event
Athletics
Men's 4 × 400 m Relay
Mubarak Faraj, Ali Doka, Sami al-Abdulla, and Hamad al-Dosari
Heat — 3:08.25 (→ did not advance)
Men's 400m Hurdles
Mubarak Faraj
Heat — 49.27s (→ did not advance)
Men's 800m
Abdul Rahman Al-Abdullah
Heat — 1:48.52s (→ did not advance)
Men's 3,000 metres Steeplechase
Jamal Abdi Hassan
Heat — 8:36.99
Semifinals — 8:36.40 (→ did not advance)
References
Official Olympic Reports
sports-reference
Nations at the 1996 Summer Olympics
1996
Olympics
Draper Richards is a private equity firm focused on venture capital investments in U.S. technology companies. The firm was founded in 1996 by Bill Draper, an early venture capitalist who had previously founded Sutter Hill Ventures, and Robin Richards Donohoe. The firm invests principally on behalf of the Draper Richards Foundation, a non profit organization.
Draper has been a founding investor in such notable companies as Activision (acquired by Mediagenic), Apollo Computer (acquired by Hewlett Packard), Dionex, Hybritech (acquired by Eli Lilly and Company), Integrated Genetics (acquired by Genzyme), LSI Logic, Measurex, PowerReviews, Quantum, Qume (acquired by ITT Corporation) and Xidex (acquired by Eastman Kodak), among others.
Draper Richards maintains an active philanthropic program through the "Draper Richards Kaplan Fellows" organization. The foundation is noted for providing early-stage grants to charity and community organizations, but demanding comprehensive business plans and other startup-like diligence and reporting.
See also
William Henry Draper, Jr.
Horace Rowan Gaither
Draper Fisher Jurvetson, a venture capital firm founded by Timothy C. Draper
Draper Richards Kaplan Foundation, a private foundation that invests philanthropic venture, founded by the same people
References
External links
Draper Richards (company website)
Venture capital firms of the United States
Financial services companies established in 1996
Companies based in Menlo Park, California
The main Victoria Harbour is in Hong Kong but may refer to:
Australia
Docklands, Victoria, an inner city suburb in Melbourne, Victoria
Canada
Tay, Ontario, a township which encompasses the hamlet of Victoria Harbour
Victoria Harbour (British Columbia), a harbour, seaport, and seaplane airport
Victoria Harbour, Nova Scotia, a community
See also
Port of Victoria (disambiguation)
Port Victoria (disambiguation)
Victoria Quay (disambiguation)
Sister Mary is a 2011 American musical comedy film directed and written by Scott Grenke and starring Ant, James Vallo, Bruce Vilanch, Judy Tenuta, Sean Paul Lockhart and Shawn Quinlan.
Plot
Homophobic detective Mark Rima must "partner" up with flamboyant gay detective Chris Riant to stop a serial-killing nun from killing five members of a band called The Ex Choir Boys. When it is determined that the detectives cannot solve the case on their own, expert FBI profiler Agent Peccant is assigned to the case. As the details of the case slowly emerge the police determine that the "nun" may only be a silent witness to the grisly murders. The task force then turns its attention on the Catholic Church and a suspect group of priests with a propensity for "cleansing the souls" of innocent young choir boys.
Cast
Ant as Agent Peccant
James Vallo as Mark Rima
Bruce Vilanch as Farmer Jake
Judy Tenuta as Older Nun
Sean Paul Lockhart as Chad
Shawn Quinlan as Chris Riant
Matthew Feeney as Chief Homer Bathos
Anthony Fagiano as Joel Davidson
James Pusztay as Father O'Bleary
Miss Foozie as Herself
Z.D. Smith as Ray
Suzy Brack as Tranny McTrannerson
Michelle Shields as Detective Emma Sharp
Eddie Huchro as Father Perdu
Erin Muir as Elecktra Le Strange
Production
The film is produced by Knee Deep Films, company headed by James Vallo. The film was shot in Chicago, Illinois.
Reception
Chris Carpenter said, "Scott Grenke has a lot for which to atone. The movie isn't so much anti-Catholic as it is criminally unfunny".
Awards and nominations
Soundtrack
"Knights of the Altar" — Bob Rysavy, Brandon McCauley and Anthony Fischer
"Sacrements" — Anthony Fischer, Brandon McCauley and Bob Rysavy
"Blessed" — Brandon McCauley, Bob Rysavy and Anthony Fischer
"Pillars" — Bob Rysavy, Anthony Fischer and Brandon McCauley
"Falling" — Anthony Fischer, Brandon McCauley and Bob Rysavy
"Disposable" — Brandon McCauley, Bob Rysavy and Anthony Fischer
"Nothing Yet" — Tim Feeney
References
External links
2011 films
2011 comedy films
2011 LGBT-related films
2010s musical comedy films
2010s serial killer films
American LGBT-related films
American musical comedy films
American serial killer films
Films about Catholic nuns
LGBT-related musical comedy films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
In Hawaiian mythology, Kalamainu'u (alternate spelling Kalanimainu'u) was a lizard goddess.
Myths
She is said to have lured her lover Puna-ai-koa'e to her cave where she kept him prisoner. When he longed to go surfing again, Kalamainu'u gave him her surfboard, but warned him not to speak with anyone. He, however, spoke with two men: Hinale and Aikilolo (or Hinalea and ‘Akilolo) who revealed to him his lover's true nature. He returned to her cave, saw her in her true form, but showed no fear. Kalamainu'u then attempted to slay his informants, but they turned into wrasse and escaped into cracks in the seafloor. To capture them, she learned to set a hina'i hinalea fishing basket (Craig 1989:95, 218, Beckwith 1940:193, 200).
References
R.D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989).
M. Beckwith, Hawaiian Mythology (Yale University Press: New Haven, 1940).
Hawaiian goddesses
Legendary reptiles
Styphlodromus bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Styphlodromus.
References
Brachininae
Shuddhi or Suddhi can refer to:
Shuddhi (film), a 2017 Indian Kannada-language film
Shuddhi (Hinduism)
Purity in Buddhism
See also
Suddha (disambiguation)
New Kingston is a Progressive Reggae group whose members combine their Jamaican heritage with the urban sounds of their New York home, New Kingston are a family band consisting of brothers Tahir, Courtney Jr., and Stephen along with their father, Courtney Panton Sr. A first-generation Jamaican-American, Courtney the elder was active in New York's reggae scene before turning his sons on to the music of their island heritage. Born out of jam sessions in the family's Brooklyn basement, the brothers began their career playing Bob Marley and Earth, Wind & Fire covers at parties and gatherings around the neighborhood. By 2010, they'd become focused on their own writing, which fused R&B, hip-hop, and dancehall with traditional reggae sounds. With each brother writing and offering vocals, Courtney Sr. filled in on bass. Following their self-released debut, In the Streets, New Kingston went on a European tour with rising reggae star Collie Buddz, playing a number of prominent festivals. Their sophomore LP, 2013's Kingston University, earned them a deal with New York label Easy Star Records, which issued their third LP, Kingston City, in early 2015. Boasting an increased production value and guest spots by the Tribal Seeds, The Wailing Souls, Sister Carol, and Sugar Minott, Kingston City raised the band's visibility considerably, topping Billboard's reggae chart upon its release. An EP, Kingston Fyah, arrived in the summer of 2016.
History
Formation and early years (2006-2008)
New Kingston was first formed in 2006 in Brooklyn, New York. The three primary members are brothers, Tahir Panton on keys, Courtney Panton Jr. on drums, and Stephen Suckarie on guitar, with all three contributing vocals. Their father Courtney Panton Sr, a first-generation American-Jamaican, initially contributed bass. Courtney Sr had also previously played in the New York reggae scene along with artists such as Michael Goldwasser, and had introduced the brothers to reggae music when they were young. New Kingston at first covered songs by artists such as Bob Marley, Earth Wind and Fire, Dennis Brown, and The Whispers. After a time performing in basements and small backyard parties in Brooklyn, the group began to work on original music.
First albums and touring (2009-2014)
New Kingston's first album, In the Streets, was self-released in 2010, and fused reggae with genres such as hip hop & Dancehall. The band began touring as the supporting act + band for Collie Buddz. Touring with Buddz they played some of their first overseas shows, and would perform at festivals such as the Reggae on the River, Summer Jam in Germany, and Uppsala Reggae Festival in Sweden. Their music video "Can't Give Up" in 2012 was produced and directed by Raised Fist Propaganda.
Their second album, Kingston University, was released in 2013, with guest artists such as J Boog. After its release, the band continued heavy touring, opening for acts such as The Green (band) & Tribal Seeds. In November 2014, New Kingston signed to Easy Star Records to release their upcoming album Kingston City, becoming the first New York City-based act on the reggae label since Ticklah and Easy Star All-Stars.
Kingston City and touring (2015-2016)
Kingston City is the third studio album by the band. Released on January 27, 2015 on Easy Star Records, the album features guest artists such as Tribal Seeds, Sister Carol, The Wailing Souls, Sugar Minott, and Hawaiian artist Kimie Miner. It was mostly recorded at the band's Kingston Studio, while some instrumentation was recorded at E.N. Young's Imperial Sounds. The band produced the majority of the twelve tracks, though Dub Incorporation from France produced two, and Sydney Mills of Steel Pulse produced one as well. Fabian Cooke of Ziggy Marley's work mixed the album.
It reached No. 1 on the Billboard Top Reggae Albums chart the week of February 14, 2015. As of March 29, 2015, the album was still at No. 1. The Pier Magazine gave Kingston City four of five stars, and wrote that the album is "a mix of roots, dancehall, R&B and hip hop influences." In February 2015, the band performed its first headlining show in Brooklyn. The next month New Kingston started their Kingston City Tour of the United States, performing in the Pacific Northwest at the end of March and announcing appearances in the Midwest. The band is also scheduled to appear at Austin Reggae Festival in Texas, Summer Meltdown in California, and Reggae on the Block in Florida. Supporting acts include Kimie Miner and Arise Roots.
A Kingston Story: Come From Far (2017)
New Kingston, the Brooklyn-based progressive reggae group, has confirmed details on their upcoming album A Kingston Story: Come From Far, due out September 1, on maverick indie imprint Easy Star Records. This marks the band's fourth studio album and follows their 2015 breakout release Kingston City (Easy Star), which debuted at #1 on the Billboard Reggae chart followed by international touring and critical praise from tastemakers including Yahoo! Music and Sirius XM.
The opening title track “Come From Far,” premiered by Mass Appeal on July 13, encompasses the band's live energy as New Kingston's soulful vocals speak about the band's journey – where they come from, where they're at, and where they're going. Guitarist/vocalist Stephen elaborates, “Everyone has a journey they are on or one that has ended. It all starts somewhere and we are no different. We have ‘come from far' but ‘look how far we haffi go'.”
Style and influences
New Kingston's music is primarily reggae, though genres such as R&B, roots, dancehall, and hip hop are influential on their sound as well.
Members
Members
Tahir Panton (2006–present) - keyboards, vocals
Stephen Suckarie (2006–present) - guitar, vocals
Courtney Panton Jr. (2006–present) - drums, vocals
Courtney Panton Sr (2006–present) - bass
Rotating members
Kristoff Harmon (2016–present) - percussion
Discography
Albums
EPs
Music videos
Further reading
Interviews and articles
Discographies
New Kingston at Allmusic
New Kingston at Discogs
References
External links
NewKingstonMusic.com
Musical groups from Brooklyn
Musical groups established in 2006
American reggae musical groups
for more in depth information about the magazine see Black Mask (magazine)''
The Casey franchise was started in 1934 by George Harmon Coxe in Black Mask (magazine). A total of 22 stories were published in the magazine, plus two serialized novels.
Note the company these stories keep within the pages of Black Mask such as Raymond Chandler & E. Stanley Gardner. This magazine was an important part of the pulp magazine genre.
In addition to these stories, the two earliest novels were serialized over three issues each.
Notes
External links
BlackMaskMagazine.com
History of Black Mask
Characters in pulp fiction
Defunct literary magazines published in the United States
Lists of stories
Works originally published in Black Mask (magazine)
Triple One are a hip hop/rap group from Inner West Sydney, Australia. Members include Lil Dijon (vocalist), Marty Bugatti and Obi Ill Terrors (rappers), and Billy Gunns (production).
They are best known for their single "Butter", which reached high rotation on Australian youth radio station Triple J. They released the EP The Libertine 2 in June 2019.
In November 2021, the band released "Come Over" and announced their first regional tour of Australia.
Band members
Current
Lil Dijon – vocals
Marty Bugatti Large – rap vocals
Obi Ill Terrors – rap vocals
Billy Gunns – production
Discography
Studio albums
Mixed tapes
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
Awards
APRA Awards
The APRA Awards are held in Australia and New Zealand by the Australasian Performing Right Association to recognise songwriting skills, sales and airplay performance by its members annually. Triple One has been nominated for one award.
|-
| 2020
| "Butter"
| Most Performed Urban Work of the Year
|
|-
J Awards
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
!
|-
| J Awards of 2021
| "Blood Rave" (directed by Serwah Attafuah)
| Australian Video of the Year
|
|
Rolling Stone Australia Awards
The Rolling Stone Australia Awards are awarded annually in January or February by the Australian edition of Rolling Stone magazine for outstanding contributions to popular culture in the previous year.
!
|-
| 2021
| "Salina"
| Best Single
|
|
|-
References
2016 establishments in Australia
Musical groups established in 2016
Musical groups from Sydney
Musical quartets
Sony Music Australia artists
Ingot is an unincorporated community in Shasta County, California, United States. The community is on California State Route 299 east-northeast of Redding.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Shasta County, California
Gegi was an Ancient Egyptian high official who lived at the end of the Old Kingdom in the 6th Dynasty around 2300 BC, although it is not possible to provide an exact date. Gegi is known from his false door and six statues. They were found at Saqqara and entered the Egyptian Museum in 1884 where they are still housed. They must come from his tomb. The exact findspot of his burial is unknown. On his monuments, Gegi bears different titles, the most important being overlord of the Thinite nome (Ta-wer). He was therefore nomarch of the province. Gegi was also overseer of priests of Onuris. The latter god was the main deity at Thinis.
References
Nomarchs
People of the Sixth Dynasty of Egypt
Mecistophylla agramma is a species of snout moth in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1903 and is known from the Australian state of Queensland and the Louisiade Archipelago.
References
Moths described in 1903
Tirathabini
Jordan Evangelical Theological Seminary (JETS) is a theological seminary in Amman, Jordan. It was founded in 1991 by Imad Shehadeh, who continues to serve as President. It is accredited by the Asia Theological Association, and offers Bachelor of Theology, Master of Arts in Biblical Studies, Master of Divinity, and Master of Theology degrees.
References
External links
Evangelical seminaries and theological colleges
Educational institutions established in 1991
Universities and colleges in Jordan
Education in Amman
1991 establishments in Jordan
The 1974 Greenwich Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Greenwich London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
May 1974 events in the United Kingdom
Shri M.N. Kaul (16 September 1901 – 20 November 1984) was Secretary of 1st Lok Sabha, 2nd Lok Sabha and Secretary-General of 3rd Lok Sabha (Lower House of Parliament of India). He was appointed Secretary of Lok Sabha Constituted after the First General Election of Lok Sabha in India. He retired on 31 August 1964 at the age of 63 and after 17 years of service as Secretary.
Early life and career
He was born in Kashmir and studied at University of Cambridge and London School of Economics. He also practised as a lawyer at Allahabad High Court.
Positions held
Editor, Allahabad Law Journal 1927-37
Secretary, Constituent Assembly (Legislative) 1947-50
Secretary, Provisional Parliament 1950-52 and
Secretary, Lok Sabha 1952-64
Nominated to Rajya Sabha in April 1966
Re-Nominated to Rajya Sabha in 1970
Director-General of the Institute of Constitution and Parliamentary Studies 1973.
Selected publications
Parliamentary Procedure Since Independence
Parliamentary Institutions and Procedures
Practice and Procedure of Parliament (with S.L. Shakdhar)
Impressions of China
Report of the Tokyo I.P.C., 1960 and impressions of the visit to Japan
Impressions of the Visit to the U.A.R, East European Countries and Russia
Growth of Position and Powers of the Speaker and
Conversations on Parliamentary Practice and Procedure (3 volumes)
References
Kashyap, Subhash C. (1989) The Office of the Secretary-General - Monograph Series (New Delhi: Lok Sabha Sectt., pp. 23–24)
External links
People from Jammu and Kashmir
1901 births
1984 deaths
Nominated members of the Rajya Sabha
Secretaries General of the Lok Sabha
The memory hole is a concept in George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Memory hole may also refer to:
Memory Hole 1, a radio program
Memory Hole (Quibi show), a show on Quibi hosted by Will Arnett
Computing
The PCI hole, a limitation that causes a computer to appear to have less memory available than is physically installed
The Memory Hole (website) founded in 2002
Albertine Anne Thackwell (12 July 1863 – 22 September 1944) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. She was born in Alcester. Thackwell competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round competition. She took 15th place in the event with 484 points.
References
External links
profile
1863 births
1944 deaths
British female archers
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
People from Alcester
Filamer Christian University (FCU) is a private university located in Roxas, Capiz. It was established 1904 by Rev. and Mrs. Joseph Robbins with the help of the American Baptist Foreign Mission Society. "Filamer" is the combined name of Filipino and American (Fil-Amer) who ventured together in providing Christian education in the Philippines.
History
At the turn of the century, after 300 years of Spanish domination, the United States took over from Spain as a colonial power.
By the early 1900s, Protestant missionaries arrived in the Philippines. By agreement of the major Protestant denominations, the Philippines were divided into mission territories. Western Visayas went to the American Baptists, hence Baptist institutions such as Filamer Christian University, Central Philippine University, Capiz Emmanuel Hospital.
School seal
The Outer Circle Official Seal of Filamer Christian University represents the programs and services that Filamer offers. The Inner Circle symbolizes the development of the individual's well-rounded personality. The Equilateral Triangle inside the circle stands for the three balanced components of human potentialities: the spiritual, the intellectual, and the physical with the spiritual aspect as the base. The Cross represents the victorious Christ as the center. The symbol emphasizes the love of God. The Sun represents the illuminating light and eternal hope for every person who searched for truth and wisdom. The number 1904 stands for the year the school was founded.
References
External links
http://www.filamer.edu.ph/ - Main website
http://filamerian.comule.com/ - Community Board
https://web.archive.org/web/20130120053319/http://fcu-massmedia.com/ - Mass Media Affairs
Education in Roxas, Capiz
Educational institutions established in 1904
Universities and colleges in Capiz
Association of Christian Universities and Colleges in Asia
Protestant schools in the Philippines
1904 establishments in the Philippines
Coronations, previously known as Devnarain XI, are a South African women's cricket team that compete in the Women's T20 Super League. The team has no geographical base, instead being made up of some of the best players from across South Africa. They are captained by Nadine de Klerk and coached by Adele van Eck. They have won two T20 Super League tournaments, in 2019 and 2020–21.
History
Coronations were first formed in 2019 to compete in the Women's T20 Super League, a tournament designed to provide more competitive cricket to the best players in South Africa. For the first edition of the tournament, the side was named after its coach, Dinesha Devnarain, becoming Devnarain XI. They were captained by Mignon du Preez. Devnarain XI were the inaugural winners of the Super League, winning all three of their matches. Their most notable performance game in their final match, with Faye Tunnicliffe hitting 106* in a 102 run victory over F van der Merwe XI.
For the following edition of the tournament, which took place two months later in December 2019, the side was named Coronations. van Niekerk and Devnarain were retained as captain and coach, respectively. The side won two of their three matches, and finished second overall on Net Run Rate.
The third edition of the tournament took place in December 2020. Adele van Eck became coach of the side, and picked Nadine de Klerk as captain in the draft that took place prior to the competition, along with fellow South Africa stars Laura Wolvaardt and Ayabonga Khaka. Coronations went on to win the tournament, winning two out of three of their matches and edging out Thistles on Net Run Rate. Woolvardt was the second leading run-scorer in the tournament, including making 61 in the side's 6 run victory over Duchesses. Coronations are therefore the most successful side in the history of the Women's T20 Super League, with two title wins.
Players
Current squad
Based on squad for the 2020–21 season. Players in bold have international caps.
Seasons
Women's T20 Super League
Honours
Women's T20 Super League:
Winners (2): 2019 & 2020–21
References
Women's T20 Super League
Women's cricket teams in South Africa
The special assessment on convicted persons is part of the sentence of all offenders convicted of federal crimes in the United States. It applies on a per-count basis; thus, an offender convicted of 14 counts of bank robbery would need to pay 14 $100 special assessments, for a total of $1,400. The money is used to fund the Crime Victims Fund. The sentencing judge is not authorized to waive the special assessment, even for the indigent.
References
United States sentencing law
Hantabad (, also Romanized as Ḩanţābād; also known as Handābād and Khantābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
MT103 (Message Type 103) is a specific SWIFT message types/format used on the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system to send for cross border/international wire transfer messages between financial institutions for customer cash transfers.
MT103 fields
Below are the fields of an MT103 message. These fields are referred to as tags.
In the above table, tags 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, and 57 preferably contain ISO 9362 Business Identifier Codes (BICs), whereas tags 50 and 59 preferably contain an account number or a BIC(Business Identifier Codes).
As per SWIFT standards, the account number is to be in IBAN (International Bank Account Number) format or in BBAN format (for domestic payments).
References
Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
The Hay Harvest (also known as Haymaking), is an oil on wood painting created by Pieter Bruegel (c. 1525–1569), in 1565. The most important of the Lobkowiczes' Northern pictures, it was hung in the dining room of the Antwerp merchant Niclaes Jongelink. This picture was originally part of a series of six panels, each presumed to represent two months of the year – in this case June and July.
In 1594 all six panels were given by the city of Antwerp to Archduke Ernst, Governor of the Netherlands. It is believed that the whole series was selected by Rudolph II at the division of his younger brother's estate in 1595. By 1659 only five panels are listed in the Vienna inventory of the Archduke Leopold Wilhelm (1614–62). It is not known if by that date Haymaking had already left the Imperial Collections, nor is it known when the Lobkowicz family acquired it, though it is first recorded as in their possession in 1870.
The painting is now part of the Lobkowicz family collection, located in the Lobkowicz Palace in Prague Castle, within the Czech Republic.
References
External links
Peter Bruegel the Elder
1565 paintings
Paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder
Horses in art
Farming in art
Dil-e-Veerani (, ) is a Pakistani drama series that aires on ARY Digital. It is written by Sameena Aijaz, directed by Syed Zeeshan Ali Zaidi and produced by Ali Kazmi and Fahad Mustafa under the banner of Big Bang Entertainment. Shehroz Sabzwari, Hasan Khan and Nawal Saeed plays lead roles.
Cast
Nawal Saeed as Minhal
Faraz Farooqui as Wali (Minhal's brother)
Shehryar Zaidi as Sajjad (Minhal's father)
Seemi Pasha as Zahida (Minhal's mother)
Shahroz Sabzwari as Talal
Rashid Farooqui as Khawar (Tala's father)
Hina Rizvi as Shabnam (Tala's mother)
Aadi Khan as Rayyan (Talal's brother)
Sabiha Hashmi as Minhal's aunty
Hasan Khan as Haider
Mehrunnisa as Maham (Haider's cousin)
Diya Mughal as Kiran (Haider's sister)
Shaista Jabeen as Haider's mother
Production
Story of drama is written by Sameena Aijaz, directed by Syed Zeeshan Ali Zaidi and produced by Dr. Ali Kazmi and Fahad Mustafa under the banner of Big Bang Entertainment.
References
External links
2022 Pakistani television series debuts
Navasota haemaphaeella is a species of snout moth in the genus Navasota. It was described by George Hampson in 1918 and is known from the Louisiade Archipelago in Papua New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1918
Anerastiini
Dennis Hughes (born 3 July 1941) is a former Welsh rugby union international player. Hughes was born at Argoed, Caerphilly. He played as a flanker for Newbridge RFC, and won six caps for Wales during the period 1967-1970. He later worked as a sales manager for Biomet at Bridgend.
Dennis was selected for three matches in Wales' 1970 Five Nations campaign, playing against Scotland, England and Ireland. During the match at Twickenham, he played a part in Chico Hopkins' memorable appearance. When Gareth Edwards and Dennis both missed a tackle on Nigel Starmer-Smith, the two Wales players collided, resulting in an injury to Edwards who was unable to continue. This gave replacement Chico his one and only cap for his country. He took the field twenty minutes from full time and inspired the team to an impressive comeback. England had gained the upper hand and were winning 13 points to 6 until Chico made a try for JPR and followed up with a try of his own from the back of a lineout. Wales still needed a successful conversion to take a one point lead. JPR Williams duly obliged and Barry John added a drop goal well into a long injury time.
References
1941 births
Welsh rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Wales international rugby union players
Living people
Barbarian F.C. players
Newbridge RFC players
Monmouthshire County RFC players
Rugby union players from Caerphilly
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Croatian Bloc may refer to:
Croatian Bloc (coalition), a coalition of political parties active in the first half of the 20th century in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia
Croatian Bloc (political party), a short-lived political party which was active in Croatia from 2002 to 2009
Ruza () is the name of several inhabited localities in Moscow Oblast, Russia:
Urban localities
Ruza, Ruzsky District, Moscow Oblast, a town in Ruzsky District
Rural localities
Ruza, Volokolamsky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Ostashevskoye Rural Settlement of Volokolamsky District
The Lambing Flat riots were a series of violent anti-Chinese demonstrations that took place in the Burrangong region, in New South Wales, Australia. They occurred on the goldfields at Spring Creek, Stoney Creek, Back Creek, Wombat, Blackguard Gully, Tipperary Gully, and Lambing Flat.
Antipathy on the Goldfields
Events in the Australian goldfields in the 1850s led to hostility toward Chinese miners on the part of many Europeans, which was to affect many aspects of European-Chinese relations in Australia for the next century. Some of the sources of conflict between European and Chinese miners arose from the nature of the industry they were engaged in. Most gold mining in the early years was alluvial mining, where the gold was in small particles mixed with dirt, gravel and clay close to the surface of the ground, or buried in the beds of old watercourses or "leads". Extracting the gold took no great skill, but it was hard work, and generally speaking, the more work, the more gold the miner won. Europeans tended to work alone or in small groups, concentrating on rich patches of ground, and frequently abandoning a reasonably rich claim to take up another one rumoured to be richer. Very few miners became wealthy; the reality of the diggings was that relatively few miners found even enough gold to earn them a living.
The Chinese generally worked in large organised groups, covering the entire ground's surface, so that if there was any gold there, the Chinese miners usually found it. They lived communally and frugally, and could subsist on a much lower return than Europeans. The rural background of most of the Chinese diggers suited them very well to life as alluvial goldminers: they were used to long hours of hard outdoor work as a member of a disciplined team, accustomed to simple sleeping quarters and basic food, and were satisfied with a much smaller return of gold than the majority of Europeans.
Tension between the two groups first surfaced as petty complaints: Europeans made stereotyped claims that the Chinese muddied the water holes, they worked on the Sabbath, they were thieves, they had insanitary habits, they accepted low wages and would drive down the value of labour. But because the Chinese were distinctive in appearance, language and dress, they became classic targets for xenophobia, and surly resentment became systematic hatred.
These pressures gave rise to several violent protests against government policies across Victoria and New South Wales in the late 1850s and early 1860s. The first anti-Chinese demonstration occurred in Bendigo in July 1854. Some of these incidents took the form of outright attempts at excluding the Chinese from a goldfield, or a portion of it. Disputes between European and Chinese miners flared into brawls at Daylesford and Castlemaine. A party of Chinese en route to the Victorian diggings from Robe discovered a new goldfield at Ararat, and were driven off their find by Europeans. Similar events occurred in New South Wales, which was just feeling the impact of significant Chinese immigration. European miners drove Chinese off the diggings at Rocky River in New England (Australia) in 1856. Serious confrontations followed at Adelong in 1857 and Tambaroora in 1858. In Victoria the Buckland River goldfield was the scene of repeated incidents, culminating in a major riot in July 1857.
The Burrangong Affair
The most notorious of these incidents, and the one which has generated more folklore than any other, was the so-called Lambing Flat Riot, actually a drawn-out series of incidents on the Burrangong Goldfield in New South Wales between November 1860 and September 1861. Several place names are sometimes used interchangeably when describing these events. Burrangong was the name of the gazetted goldfield, and its principal settlement later became the modern town of Young. Lambing Flat, the name which has attached itself most persistently to the events, was a horse paddock where one of the most violent incidents took place.
Another important aspect of the story is the political events that were going on in Sydney, for the Burrangong affair was played out against the background of a contentious debate in the New South Wales Parliament over legislation to restrict Chinese immigration. Chinese numbers on the New South Wales goldfields had been relatively small, but were rising in the wake of restrictions imposed in Victoria. Restrictive legislation had also been proposed in New South Wales as early as 1858 in the wake of Victorian and South Australian laws, but the Premier, Charles Cowper, found his own party divided on the issue and the Bill failed. Then in 1860 the Chinese and British governments signed the Convention of Peking, a diplomatic agreement that subjects of the Chinese and British Empires would have reciprocal rights under their respective countries' laws. As the Australian colonies enacted British laws, it raised the question of whether New South Wales could legally exclude citizens of the Chinese Empire. A new Chinese Immigration Regulation Bill was being drafted for debate in Parliament while the first gold miners were arriving at Burrangong.
The events at Burrangong were well-recorded at the time, and have been analysed by a number of historians in recent decades. The Burrangong affair was arguably the most serious civil disorder that has ever happened in Australia, involving more people and lasting much longer than the Eureka rebellion at Ballarat six years earlier.
Trouble began late in 1860 with the formation of a Miners Protective League, followed by roll-ups (mass meetings) of European diggers evicting Chinese miners from sections of the field. These events involved the quasi-legal posting of notices to quit, and were carried out ceremonially, with a brass band leading the marchers. There was little violence at first. Most of the Chinese moved to new diggings nearby, and some returned soon afterward. This pattern of behaviour was to be repeated on several occasions over the next eight months; there seemed to be an understanding from early in the Burrangong events that the Chinese would be tolerated if they remained in certain areas of the goldfield.
The Lambing Flat riots
In ten months of unrest at Burrangong, the most infamous riot on the gold fields occurred on the night of 30 June 1861 when a mob of between 2,000 and 3,000 European, North American and Australian-born
gold miners attacked about 2,000 Chinese miners and drove the Chinese off the Lambing Flat, and then moved on to the Back Creek diggings, where 150 - 200 Chinese were encamped, they went about destroying tents and looting possessions. Many of the Chinese were cruelly beaten, but no one was killed. About 1,000 Chinese abandoned the field and set up camp near Roberts' homestead at Currowang sheep station, 20 km away. There were two triggers for the violence: in Sydney the Legislative Council rejected the anti-Chinese bill, and a false rumour swept the goldfield that a new group of 1,500 Chinese were on the road to Burrangong. The police arrived in the days that followed, identified the leaders of the riot, and three were arrested two weeks later. The mob's reaction was an armed attack on the police camp by about a thousand miners on the night of 14 July, which the police broke up with gunfire and mounted sabre charges, leaving one rioter, William Lupton, dead and many wounded.
The police briefly abandoned the field, but then a detachment of 280 soldiers, sailors and police reinforcements arrived from Sydney and stayed for a year. Some of the remaining Chinese miners were reinstated on segregated diggings, the ringleaders of the riots were tried and two were gaoled. At the end of the affair, Burrangong was quiet and some Chinese miners were still there.
A number of Chinese miners petitioned the NSW Government for compensation due to their losses in the riots. However it is doubtful if any compensations was actually paid.
The Lambing Flat banner
A banner period, painted on a tent-flap in 1861, is now on display at the Lambing Flat museum in Young, New South Wales. Bearing a Southern Cross superimposed over a St. Andrew's Cross with the inscription, 'Roll Up - No Chinese', the banner has been claimed by some as a variant of the Eureka Flag. It served as an advertisement for a public meeting that presaged the infamous Lambing Flat riots later that year. Painted by a Scottish migrant, it is a testimony to the transfer of cultural practices and values through migration. Though it has been claimed to be an example of Chartist art, the Chartist movement was not racial in nature and sought only to protect the poor from the rich. Nevertheless, along with the Eureka Flag it is a rare example of an historic Australian banner designed to rally support to a cause.
See also
Buckland Riot, 1857
White Australia policy
Chinese massacre of 1871 in United States
San Francisco riot of 1877 in United States
Rock Springs massacre, 1885 in United States
Attack on Squak Valley Chinese laborers, 1885 in United States
Tacoma riot of 1885 in United States
Seattle riot of 1886 in United States
Hells Canyon massacre, 1887 in United States
Torreón massacre, 1911 in Mexico
The Lambing Flat - a historical fiction novel by Nerida Newton set in and around Young at the time of the Lambing Flat riots
References
External links
Objects Through Time: Lambing Flats Roll Up Banner (NSW Migration Heritage Centre - Statement of Significance)
History of Young
ABC history page
1860 in Australia
1861 in Australia
Anti-Chinese sentiment in Australia
Australian gold rushes
1860 riots
1861 riots
Race riots in Australia
Riots and civil disorder in New South Wales
Young, New South Wales
Chinese-Australian history
1860s in New South Wales
The Sanctuary of the Three Gauls (Tres Galliae) was the focal structure within an administrative and religious complex established by Rome in the very late 1st century BC at Lugdunum (the site of modern Lyon in France). Its institution served to federalise and Romanise Gallia Comata as an Imperial province under Augustus, following the Gallic Wars of his predecessor Julius Caesar. The distinctively Gallo-Roman development of the Imperial sanctuary and its surrounding complex are well attested by literary, epigraphic, numismatic and archaeological evidence.
Foundation and function
The Imperial cult sanctuary at Lugdunum was the earliest and most important institution of its kind in the Western Roman empire. Its establishment at the junction of three new Imperial provinces, later collectively known as Tres Galliae (the Three Gauls), embodied a policy of integrated military, civil and religious settlement among the unstable Western provinces of the newly established Principate. It was founded by Drusus in rapid response to a rebellion provoked by the census of Gallia Comata ("long-haired" Gaul) in 12 BC.
Lugdunum provided a centralised, permanent base for the Imperial governorships of Gallia Aquitania, Gallia Belgica and Gallia Lugdunensis, and an annual, Roman-style concilium (council) for their provincial elites, based on existing Gallic political and religious practices. The monumentally lavish and comprehensively Roman development of the Sanctuary and its associated buildings provided a context for the acculturation of a new Romano-Gallic polity under the pax Romana, in which the Roman military maintained a relatively discreet local presence.
As stepson to Augustus, Drusus represented the Imperial family and as provincial governor, he was also augur. The inaugural day of the sanctuary – August 1 of either 10 BC or 12 BC – was important to both Romans and Gauls. August – formerly Sextilis in the Roman calendar – had been renamed in honour of Augustus, and its kalends (the first day of the month) was particularly auspicious as the anniversary of his victory at Alexandria. A foundation (or an inauguration) in 12 BC would have coincided with Augustus' assumption of office as pontifex maximus. The ara (altar) was dedicated to Dea Roma and Augustus and its first high priest (sacerdos) was Caius Julius Vercondaridubnus, a Gaul of the Aeduan elite. His name indicates his Roman citizenship and Gallic origins - his election to Imperial priesthood may confirm a preference based on his personal standing and that of his civitas as fratres ("brothers", or allies) of Rome.
Drusus invited 60 aristocratic delegates to the opening ceremony as representatives of the "Three Gauls". These are presumed to be the first members of the official concilium Galliarum. The office of sacerdos required Roman citizenship but the early concilium combined citizen and non-citizens. The sacredos would have been a person of great consequence within the concilium Galliarum and his own provincial ordo. His influence would have extended well beyond his term of office, which was - unlike the lifetime priesthoods of Rome itself - limited to a single year. In effect, the priesthood provided an important step in the provincial cursus honorum.
The concilia at Lugdunum were also displays of loyalty and Romanisation, which involved the renewal of vows through priestly sacrifice at the ara, feasting, games (ludi), contests of eloquence and poetry. This calendrical gathering was accommodated by the building of a small amphitheatre, which was later much expanded. Lugdunum was also the site of a major Imperial mint, whose coinage provides a principal source of evidence for the form and development of the altar. The security requirement of the mint has been presumed to account for the presence of Lugdunum's single military cohort.
Later Imperial development
Following his defeat of Clodius Albinus and his allies at Lugdunum, Septimius Severus re-founded and reformed its Imperial cult centre as an instrument of suppression and autocracy. The image of dea Roma was removed from the ara and confined to the temple, along with the images of the living and deceased Augusti – a combination unique in the Western Empire. Fishwick interprets the reformed rites of Septimius as those offered a Roman paterfamilias by his slaves. This development took place shortly after 198/9 AD. Its duration and subsequent developments are unknown.
Sanctuary
The sanctuary was located on the hillside of la Croix-Rousse. The first and main altar can be reconstructed from texts and currency depictions. The geographer Strabo described it in context: "[Lugdunum] is the most populous of all the cities of Celtica except Narbo; for not only do people use it as an emporium, but the Roman governors coin their money there, both the silver and the gold. Again, the temple that was dedicated to Caesar Augustus by all the Galatae in common is situated in front of this city at the junction of the rivers. And in it is a noteworthy altar, bearing an inscription of the names of the tribes, sixty in number; and also images from these tribes, one from each tribe, and also another large altar."
Fishwick suggests that the images (bronze statues) and inscriptions of Strabo's account are stylistically Greek additions to the ara some time after its inauguration. The monumental altar and its 50-meter base were made in marble. It was flanked by two winged victories of gilt bronze, holding palms and gold crowns, standing on ionic capitals, set on columns assumed to be the later source for the four pillars of the transept crossing of the basilica of St-Martin-d'Ainay, which support the dome. These were made from two longer pillars of Egyptian syenite, recovered in the 11th century and sawn in half. The open altar appears to have been rebuilt (or adapted) as a covered temple in 121 AD, in the reign of Hadrian. The larger altar was the focus of cult to the genius of the living emperor and dea Roma. The temple was dedicated to the cult of deceased Imperial divi, and major Roman and local deities.
This sanctuary was also the find-spot for the Lyon Tablet, a bronze plaque of 2.5 by 1.93 m on which is engraved Claudius's 48 AD speech making Gallic chieftains eligible for Roman magistracies and membership of the Roman Senate – a version of the speech also survives in Tacitus. It was found by a draper in 1528, in his vineyard on the site of the sanctuary, and is now held in the Gallo-Roman Museum of Lyon.
Notes and references
1st arrondissement of Lyon
Buildings and structures in Lyon
Roman Lyon
Roman religious remains in France
St. Michael School is a Roman Catholic secondary school located in Santa Venera, Malta. It is run by the Society of Christian Doctrine (M.U.S.E.U.M.) in Malta. The school was founded in Marsa in 1946, but it moved to new premises in Santa Venera in the 1950s. It caters for boys aged 11 to 16 years.
History
St. Michael School was founded on 4 November 1946 by Anthony Agius with the support of George Preca and Carmel Callus. The school was initially housed at Villa Violette in Marsa. The villa is now a Grade 2 scheduled property. In 1951, construction of the present school began on the outskirts of Santa Venera. The building was designed by the architect Ġużè Damato, and it was built under the supervision of Joseph Sultana. The school was improved in the 1980s, and it was extended between 1990 and 1996. Another floor was built between 2008 and 2011.
The school's founder Anthony Agius remained headmaster until his death in 1989, and he was succeeded by Raymond D'Amato, who was still headmaster as of 2022.
See also
Education in Malta
List of schools in Malta
References
Further reading
External links
, the school's official website
1946 establishments in Malta
Boys' schools in Europe
Educational institutions established in 1946
Marsa, Malta
Relocated schools
Catholic secondary schools in Europe
Catholic schools in Malta
Santa Venera
Secondary schools in Malta
Haig Bertrand Oundjian (born 16 May 1949) is an English former figure skater. He is the 1971 European bronze medalist and a three-time British national champion. He competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, placing 17th, and at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, placing 7th.
Oundjian later served as the chairman of the National Ice Skating Association and vice-chairman of Watford F.C. In 2019 he became joint-chairman of Bruno's Magpies.
Results
References
1949 births
British male single skaters
English male single skaters
Figure skaters at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of Great Britain
Living people
Sportspeople from London
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
Lincoln Northeast High School is a public high school in Lincoln, Nebraska, United States. It is part of the Lincoln Public Schools district and was established in 1941 when three rival schools (Bethany, Havelock and Jackson) were combined into one. The school is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and has been rated "AA" by the Nebraska Department of Education since 1943.
Mascot
The school's athletic teams are known as the Rockets. The name was originally taken from the Rock Island Rocket, a passenger train that once passed through northeast Lincoln. In the 1960s, a decommissioned Nike Ajax missile was donated to the school and placed on the front lawn. The missile was repeatedly stolen and recovered; in 1990, it disappeared permanently. In 2016, members of the booster club raised $55,000 for a new , rocket sculpture.
Athletics
Lincoln Northeast teams have won state championships in the following years:
Baseball - 1957
Boys' basketball - 1949, 1950, 1962, 1967, 1968, 1970, 1973, 1982, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998
Girls' basketball - 2005
Bowling - 2003, 2004, 2006
Cross-country - 1971
Football - 1943, 1950, 1962, 1972 (tie)
Gymnastics - 1957, 1958, 1962, 1963, 1965, 1966, 1967
Boys' golf - 1965
Volleyball - 1981, 1984, 1991, 1998.
Notable alumni
William L. Armstrong, U.S. Representative and Senator from Colorado
Shawn Bouwens, professional football player for Detroit Lions and Jacksonville Jaguars
Joba Chamberlain, professional baseball player, pitcher for Detroit Tigers and New York Yankees
Gene V. Glass, statistician who coined term "meta-analysis"
Trevor Johnson, professional football player for New York Jets
Joseph Robert "Bob" Kerrey, Medal of Honor recipient; President of The New School in New York City; Governor of Nebraska; U.S. Senator from Nebraska; 1992 Democratic Presidential candidate
Peggy Liddick, Australian women's national gymnastics coach
Mike Lux, co-founder and president of Progressive Strategies, L.L.C.
Danny Noonan, professional football player for Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers
Erwin Swiney, professional football player for Green Bay Packers.
References
Public high schools in Nebraska
Schools in Lincoln, Nebraska
Educational institutions established in 1941
1941 establishments in Nebraska
Davor Jorge Gjuranovic Letelier (1981) is a Chilean journalist commonly known for his spell at Televisión Nacional de Chile. Similarly, he is regarded for having reported Augusto Pinochet's death in December 2006 as well as his coverage to the Military Parades since 2010.
References
External Links
1981 births
Living people
Chilean people
Pontifical Catholic University of Valparaíso alumni
Adolfo Ibáñez University alumni
Georgetown University alumni
Alone is the debut extended play by South Korean girl group Sistar. It was released on April 12, 2012 by Starship Entertainment and distributed by LOEN Entertainment. A song of the same name was released as a title track with an accompanying music video.
The EP was a commercial success peaking at number 3 on the Gaon Album Chart. The EP has sold over 17,802 physical copies as of 2012.
Background and release
"I Choose to Love You", a solo song by Sistar member Hyolyn, was digitally released on January 19, 2012, as part of the soundtrack for Sarangeul Boda 2 (사랑을 보다2). It reached number 2 on the Gaon Digital Singles Chart for the week and number 3 for the month. The song "Alone", the title track of the EP, was produced and written by Brave Brothers. They also produced and wrote title songs from the group's other EPs, most notably "Push Push", "Shady Girl", "How Dare You", "Ma Boy" and "So Cool".
The music video of "Alone" was released on April 12, 2012, along with the EP release. The video starts off with the four members against a black backdrop and red metal rods built into structures. As the song progresses, the dance scenes are interjected with solo scenes of the members wandering around the streets of Las Vegas. In addition, the video also contains the members at a bar, singing to the camera as a group and also at the bar looking dejected and alone. "Alone" reached number 1 on the Gaon Charts for the week and month. The EP charted at number 3 on the Gaon Weekly Albums Chart and number 10 on the monthly chart. The title track went to number 1 on the weekly and monthly Gaon charts and placed third on year-end chart.
On June 28, 2012, a remix of "Alone" by DJ Smells was released on Sistar's extended play Loving U.
Singles
"Alone" was released as the title track in conjunction with the EP on April 12, 2012. The song entered at number 4 on the Gaon Digital Chart on the chart issue dated April 8–14, 2012, with 340,659 downloads sold and 1,112,372 streams. In its second week, the song topped the chart – and the componing Download Chart with 447,718 downloads sold -, the first of two consecutive weeks at number one. This marked the group's second number one single.
The song charted at second place on the Gaon Digital Chart for April 2012 with 1,361,471 downloads sold and 9,544,009 accumulated streams. "Alone" placed at number 3 on the Gaon Digital Chart for the year 2012 with 3,203,685 downloads sold and 36,092,888 streams.
Promotion
The promotions of the song "Alone" started on April 12, on Mnet's M! Countdown. The song "Lead Me" was also performed during the first week of promotions. The song gave the group their second TV music show award on KBS's Music Bank on April 27 and the third on May 4. The song also won two Mutizens on SBS's Inkigayo, on April 29 and May 6, respectively.
Commercial performance
Alone entered and peaked at number 3 on the Gaon Album Chart on the chart issue dated April 15–21, 2012. In its second week, the EP fell to number 38. After six consecutive weeks on the chart, the EP charted at number 81 and dropped the Top 100 the following week.
The EP sold 13,483 physicals copies in its first month, charting at number 10 on the Gaon Album Chart for the month of April 2012. The EP was the 81st best selling album of 2012 with 17,802 physical copies sold.
Track listing
Chart performance
Album chart
Sales and certifications
Music program wins
Release history
References
External links
2012 debut EPs
Korean-language EPs
Sistar EPs
Starship Entertainment EPs
The 2019–20 FC Akhmat Grozny season was the 11th successive season that the club will play in the Russian Premier League, the highest tier of association football in Russia.
Season events
On 3 June, Akhmat Grozny announced their first summer signing, with Konrad Michalak joining from Lechia Gdańsk on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee. The following day, 4 June, Andrés Ponce also signed a four-year contract after joining from Anzhi Makhachkala.
After signing a new contract with Akhmat at the end of the 2018–19 season, Zaurbek Pliyev moved to Dynamo Moscow on 9 June, with young goalkeeper Aleksandr Melikhov signing a five-year contract from FC Tom Tomsk on 12 June.
On 14 June, Pavel Kaloshin joined Akhmat Grozny on trial from Anzhi Makhachkala.
On 29 June, Denis Glushakov signed a one-year contract with Akhmat Grozny, with the option of an additional year.
On 9 July, Idris Umayev moved to Khimki on a season-long loan deal.
On 23 July, Anton Shvets signed a new contract with Akhmat Grozny, keeping him at the club until the summer of 2023.
On 30 September, after a 2–0 away defeat to Sochi, Rashid Rakhimov resigned as manager, with Igor Shalimov being appointed as Rakhimov's replacement the same day.
On 7 December, Bernard Berisha signed a new contract with Akhmat Grozny until the summer of 2023.
On 7 January 2020, Vladimir Ilyin signed a 3.5-year contract with Akhmat Grozny.
On 14 January, Damian Szymański moved to AEK Athens on loan until the end of the season, with Maksim Nenakhov joining on a 4.5-year contract on 16 January from Rotor Volgograd.
On 16 January, Akhmat Grozny announced the signing of Felipe Vizeu on loan from Udinese until the end of December 2020.
On 31 January, Konrad Michalak left Akhmat Grozny to join Ankaragücü on loan for the remainder of the season.
On 11 February, Mikhail Gashchenkov joined SKA-Khabarovsk on loan for the rest of the season.
On 14 February, Miroslav Bogosavac joined from Čukarički on loan for the rest of the season.
On 17 March, the Russian Premier League postponed all league fixtures until April 10th due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
On 1 April, the Russian Football Union extended the suspension of football until 31 May.
On 15 May, the Russian Football Union announced that the Russian Premier League season would resume on 21 June.
With their contracts due to expire on 31 May, Yevgeni Gorodov, Roland Gigolayev, Oleg Ivanov and Denis Glushakov all extended their contracts with Akhmat Grozny on 29 May until the end of the 2019–20 season.
On 30 June, Akhmat Grozny agreed the permanent transfer of Damian Szymański to AEK Athens.
On 3 July, Akhmat Grozny announced the signing of Miroslav Bogosavac on a permanent transfer from Čukarički on a four-year contract.
Squad
On loan
Left club during season
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Loans out
Released
Trial
Friendlies
Competitions
Premier League
Results by round
Results
League table
Russian Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players away from the club on loan:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who appeared for Akhmat Grozny but left during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
Clean sheets
Disciplinary record
References
FC Akhmat Grozny seasons
Akhmat Grozny
Ukraine is an Eastern European country.
Ukraine, Ukraina or Ukrayina may also refer to:
before 20th century borderland regions in Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (later in Russian Partition and Austrian Partition)
Ukrainian People's Republic or Ukrainian National Republic, independent state proclaimed after breakup of the Russian Empire
Ukrainian State, a government that existed on most of the territory of Ukraine in 1918
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, one of the former constituent republics of the Soviet Union, until becoming independent in 1991.
Reichskommissariat Ukraine, civilian occupation regime of German-occupied Ukraine during World War II
Ukraine, (formerly Fuentes de Andalucía), a town in Spain that changed its name in 2022 in honour of the country.
2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Other meanings, in alphabetical order:
1709 Ukraina, a main-belt asteroid
Hotel Ukraina, Moscow, a hotel in Moscow, Russia
Hotel Ukraine, a hotel in Kyiv, Ukraine
Palace "Ukraine", theatre venue for official events in Kyiv
Rise up, Ukraine!, series of political protests by opposition parties in Ukraine during 2013
Ukraina-class motorship, a 1979 class of Russian ships
Ukraina, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, another village in Poland
Ukraina, Łódź Voivodeship, a village in Poland
Ukraina (ship), named Bulgaria since 2010
Ukraina Stadium, multi-purpose stadium in Lviv, Ukraine
Ukraine Air Enterprise, based in Kyiv
Ukraine – Forward!, political party in Ukraine
Ukraine (TV channel)
The Voice of Ukraine, a Ukrainian talent show
See also
Ukraina (disambiguation)
Ukrainia (disambiguation)
Ukrainian (disambiguation)
Ukrainians (disambiguation)
Carpathian Ukraine (disambiguation)
Name of Ukraine
Samuel Georg Simeon Wennberg (3 October 1836, Trondheim – 19 October 1908, Balsfjord) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1877, representing the constituency of Tromsø Amt. He worked as a merchant there, later police sergeant. He was re-elected in 1880 and 1883.
References
1836 births
1908 deaths
Members of the Storting
Troms politicians
Liberal Party (Norway) politicians
Politicians from Trondheim
Ola Hermundsen Berge (31 December 1768 – 28 December 1825) was a Norwegian folk artist and rose painter.
Berge was born at Sør-Aurdal in Oppland, Norway. He received training for his folk art in the traditional region of Valdres. A common feature of his work are elongated S-shaped lily leaves that grow from the same starting point. He painted chests, doors, cabinets as well as interiors of churches. His first major work was the decor of Aurdal Church (Aurdal kirke) and Skrautvål Church (Skrautvål Kirke) from 1795. He also decorated the walls of Ulnes Church (Ulnes Kirke) with large murals and decorated the altar of Lomen Stave Church (Lomen gamle kirke).
References
1769 births
1825 deaths
People from Sør-Aurdal
Muralists
18th-century Norwegian painters
Norwegian male painters
19th-century Norwegian painters
19th-century Norwegian male artists
XEDKN-AM is a radio station on 1230 AM in Guadalajara, Jalisco. It is owned by Radio Fórmula and carries its news and talk programming.
History
XEZAJ-AM 1220, to be located in Zapopan, received its concession on August 5, 1988. It was owned by Radiorama through concessionaire Mensajes Musicales, S.A. Radiorama sold it to Radio Fórmula in 2002 after changing the callsign to XEDKN-AM, and in 2006, it moved to 1230 kHz.
References
Radio stations in Guadalajara
Branew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Dzwola, east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Branew
Steffen Lauser (born 4 March 1984) is a German former professional football who played as a midfielder.
Career
On 5 May 2008, Lauser made his debut for AC Horsens, scoring the deciding goal in a 3–2 win over champions F.C. Copenhagen. In summer 2009, he signed for FSV Hollenbach on a two-year contract.
References
External links
Career statistics at danskfodbold.com
1984 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Hamburger SV II players
SV Babelsberg 03 players
AC Horsens players
Danish Superliga players
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
is a private junior college in Kurashiki, Okayama, Japan, established in 1973.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1973
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
1973 establishments in Japan
Barry Johnson (stylized by the artist as barry johnson, using all lower-case letters) is an American artist and writer.
Early life
Johnson was born and raised in Topeka, Kansas. He graduated from Emporia State University, majoring in business and marketing. Following his education, he worked in volunteer recruitment for the American Red Cross in Seattle, and then for Deloitte. After a few years in the consulting field, he started a full-time career as an artist, after teaching himself draw through online tutorials and books, in order to take up painting in his spare time as a release from work.
Art career
Johnson works in a variety of mediums, including murals, sketching, photography, painting, and sculpture. Many of his paintings are untitled. In 2016 his work Word Is consisted of ten thousand cards with print-outs of tweets about Black Lives Matter scattered throughout the gallery space, an example of his mixture of art and activism. Johnson's work orients his identified mission of "Community, Culture, and Connection". In 2017 his work was the subject of a solo exhibition at the Center on Contemporary Art in Seattle, as well as appearing in the group exhibition Bloodlines at the ArtXchange gallery.
In 2018 his works were shown in the solo exhibition I'm F.I.N.E in Tacoma, Washington. Many of the works in the show were inspired by American soul music. That year he also showed works at the Onyx gallery and Kent Summer Arts Exhibition, in addition to providing a TEDx talk on his process.
In 2019 his paintings were a part of an exhibition put on by the Pierce County Aids Foundation. In 2020, johnson became a part of the Vivid Matter Collective, which created activism through art in the City of Seattle. He painted the "E" in the Black Lives Matter mural created during the brief period CHOP existed in Seattle.
Process
Some of Johnson's works have included accompanied texts describing his "detailing times, ideas, external influences and his own internal state during the creative process." He has stated that his use of the text aids in his intention to tell a story through his art. His work is inter-disciplinary and uses a variety of tradition and atypical mediums. Others have said of his work that, "The fluidity of his art allows Barry to work across painting, sculpture, installation, film and fashion."
Writing
Johnson has also worked as a children's book author, writing and illustrating the book Oh What Wonderful Hair, based on his experiences with his daughter.
References
External links
Barry Johnson's website
Living people
Emporia State University alumni
21st-century American artists
American children's book illustrators
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Topeka, Kansas
Conus kahiko is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Description
The mean shell length of the found specimens is 24 mm. The color of the body whorl is white or cream. The shell shows slightly wavy, dull brownish red, axial lines, some of which branch adapically. The same lines form a radiating pattern on the apex. The shell shows about 16 spiral striae. The base of the shell is dark reddish brown. The interior of the aperture is white. The shoulder shows a series of tubercles.
Distribution
This marine species of cone snail has only been found as a fossil in the Early Holocene of Oahu, Hawaii. It is the only known extinct endemic Conus species of Hawaii.
References
External links
Conus Biodiversity Website: Conus kahiko
kahiko
Wayne Ferreira and Yevgeny Kafelnikov were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Arnaud Clément and Sébastien Grosjean won in the final 6–3, 4–6, 7–5 against Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
2004 Pacific Life Open Men's Doubles Draw
2004 Pacific Life Open
Doubles
Kessels is a Dutch toponymic surname indicating an origin in one of a variety of places named Kessel in the Low Countries. Notable people with the surname include:
Erik Kessels (born 1966), Dutch artist, designer and curator, co-founder of KesselsKramer advertising agency
Hendrik Johan Kessels (1781–1849), Dutch clockmaker active in Denmark
Hubert Kessels (fl. 1959–62), economist and a governor of the Bank of Ghana
Koen Kessels (born 1960/61), Belgian conductor and music director
Marie Kessels (born 1954), Dutch poet and prose writer
Mathieu Kessels (1784–1836), Dutch Neoclassical sculptor
Paulus Kessels (1901–1987), Dutch sports shooter
See also
J. Kessels, a Dutch drama film
Kessel (disambiguation)
References
Dutch-language surnames
Surnames of Dutch origin
Toponymic surnames
Aleks Paunovic (born June 29, 1969) is a Canadian actor. Paunovic is from Winnipeg, Manitoba, and "three generations of fighters" are in his family. His father is of Serbian descent, and his mother is of Croatian ancestry. His grandfather, father and uncle were all champion boxers in Yugoslavia, and he was a champion boxer until a shoulder injury ended his career. Paunovic was in a rock band before he got an acting job at his first audition.
He supports the Red Cross/Impact Anti-Bullying Campaign, as he had been bullied as a child.
Filmography
Film
Television
Web
References
External links
Living people
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Male actors from Winnipeg
Canadian people of Serbian descent
Canadian people of Croatian descent
1969 births
Martinniemi is a district of Oulu, Finland. Together with Haukipudas and Jokikylä districts, it forms the Haukipudas area. Martinniemi is located in north of the river delta of the Kiiminkijoki river. It is bounded by the Bothnian Bay in the west, the Jokikylä district in the east, the Ii municipality in the north and the Kiiminkijoki river and the Haukipudas district in the south. The district was established in 2013 when the Haukipudas municipality together with Kiiminki, Oulunsalo and Yli-Ii municipalities were merged with the city of Oulu.
References
External links
Districts of Oulu
The American Presidency with Bill Clinton is a 2022 TV series created by the History TV network and hosted by Bill Clinton. It premiered on May 30, 2022. The series has six episodes.
Episodes
References
External links
2022 American television series debuts
2022 American television series endings
2020s American documentary television series
History (American TV channel) original programming
Cosmopolitan Serbia, officially Cosmopolitan Serbia & Montenegro (), is the Serbian edition of women's lifestyle magazine Cosmopolitan. Its first issue was published in May 2004, featuring Mischa Barton on the cover. The headquarters of the magazine is based in Belgrade. Besides Serbia, the magazine is distributed in Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and North Macedonia.
The magazine annually organizes "Race on the Heels" () on various spots in Belgrade such as the high street Prince Michael Street or Delta City shopping mall.
According to SMMRI Pradex, the magazine's readership was 194,746 in May 2011 with the issue featuring Ana Ivanovic on its cover in a purple dress shot by John Russo. It was the best selling issue since the issue of October 2004 when Keira Knightley appeared the cover. Ivanović returned to the cover, this time in a white dress, in 2013.
Editors
Nataša Davidov (2004–2011)
Jelena Jovanović (2011–2013)
Nasja Veljković (2013–2021)
References
External links
Cosmopolitan Serbia
Magazines established in 2004
Mass media in Belgrade
Monthly magazines
Magazines published in Serbia
Women's magazines
Khazana may refer to:
Khazana (union council)
Khazana (1951 film), an Indian Hindi-language adventure film
Khazana (1987 film), an action adventure film
Khazana (2014 film), a drama thriller film
The Piedmontese Republic () was a short-lived Sister Republic that existed between 1798 and 1799 on the territory of Piedmont during its military rule by the French First Republic.
History
Republic of Alba
Piedmont was the main part of the Kingdom of Sardinia which, despite its name, had its core on the mainland: the densely populated and rich Principality of Piedmont, with the capital city of Turin serving as royal residence. The rulers of Piedmont simply preferred to call themselves 'Kings of Sardinia' because the title 'king' was higher in rank than 'prince'. Starting with Victor Amadeus I, the House of Savoy adopted the tradition of bestowing the title of Prince of Piedmont on the heir apparent.
The kingdom suffered a first French Revolutionary invasion in April 1796: the Montenotte campaign. After a string of French victories, Italian patriot Giovanni Antonio Ranza proclaimed a republic in the town of Alba (therefore historically known as the 'Republic of Alba') as a replacement of the Sardinian monarchy on Piedmontese territory on 25 or 26 April 1796. Ranza had been agitating for an independent Piedmontese republic ever since 1793; he saw such a state as a first step towards a republic encompassing all of Italy. Ranza and his fellow rebels then presenteed an address to French general Napoleon Bonaparte, calling on him to liberate the whole of Italy from 'tyranny'. However, Bonaparte ignored their pleas, and wrote to the French Directory that the Piedmontese people were not politically ready, and that 'you should not count on a revolution in Piedmont.' French military commanders at the time had no interest in this project of an Italian sister republic, and it already ended on 28 April 1796 with the Armistice of Cherasco, which gave most of Piedmont (except for Alessandria, Coni and Tortone, which were annexed by France) back to the Sardinian king, who had to withdraw from the First Coalition. The final peace Treaty of Paris on 15 May 1796 led to loss of the duchy of Savoy, Nice, Tende and Beuil to France, and guaranteed military access to French troops crossing Piedmontese soil. The ultrashort-lived Republic of Alba would serve as the later Piedmontese Republic's predecessor.
Piedmontese revolt
When Napoleon conquered the neighbouring Republic of Genoa in June 1797 and turned it into the pro-French Ligurian Republic, democratic revolutionaries inside Piedmont began agitating for the overthrow of the Sardinian monarchy. In April 1798, these Piedmontese revolutionaries launched a democratic uprising, aided by various armed bands from outside in the spring of 1798, but they were all defeated, and the Sardinian royal army executed over a hundred prisoners of war in reprisal.
The Piedmontese democratic revolutionaries had to retreat, and many were forced into exile in the Ligurian Republic. The Piedmontese–Sardinian regular army pursued the republican rebels into Ligurian territory, causing the Ligurian Republic to go to war against the Piedmontese monarchy in June 1798.
French conquest
In early July 1798, France intervened in favour of its Ligurian sister republic, and conquered Piedmont in the course of the following months under the leadership of Barthélemy Catherine Joubert. General Joubert occupied the Sardinian capital of Turin on 6 December 1798. King Charles Emmanuel IV of Sardinia signed a document of abdication on 8 December 1798, which also ordered his former subjects to recognise French laws and his troops to obey the orders of the French high command. He went into exile in Parma, then in Tuscany, and finally moved to Cagliari on the island of Sardinia. There, he issued a statement protesting his treatment by the French, and alleging that he had not signed the document of abdication out of his own free will.
Establishment
The Piedmontese Republic was declared on 10 September 1798. It was heavily dependent on France and was never really independent as it was under French military occupation. The state was not recognized by the international community. The structure of government was a directorial system.
The republic used the motto Libertà, Virtù, Eguaglianza, echoing the French motto Liberté, égalité, fraternité, on its coins.
Right from the start, however, its political future was in question. Some Piedmontese Jacobins favoured the development of an independent Piedmontese Republic, others wanted to unite it with the Ligurian or Cisalpine Republic, and still others including Ranza argued that the inhabitants would be best off as citizens of the French Republic rather than as citizens of a French satellite state occupied by foreign troops. In the end, France decided to annex Piedmont in February 1799. Jacobins opposed to annexation were dismayed by this, and a conspiracy to prevent the French annexation was planned (probably by the secretive Jacobin Società dei Raggi), but the plot was discovered by the French, and several people involved were arrested and imprisoned.
Meanwhile, Britain and Russia – which were in the process of building the Second Coalition – were negotiating on how to redraw the map of Europe after defeating France in the upcoming war. In September 1798, British Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger argued to grant Piedmont to Austria as a reward for its participation in the upcoming war, and to act as a barrier to French expansionism in Italy. In November, Foreign Secretary William Grenville added to this that Austria would get all of Piedmont, the king of Sardinia would be compensated with Tuscany and the Papal Legations (Romagna), while the Grand Duke of Tuscany (from the House of Habsburg-Lorraine) would be made ruler of the Netherlands instead. However, Tsar Paul I of Russia preferred to restore Piedmont to Sardinia to check Vienna's purported territorial greed. Austrian State Chancellor Thugut was fine with keeping Piedmont as a buffer between France and Austria (save for the return of the Novarese, which the Habsburgs had lost to Sardinia in 1714), and lobbied for Austrian gains elsewhere in Italy, primarily the Papal Legations. By December 1798 and January 1799, the Russians and British agreed on several war aims, including the reduction of France to its pre-Revolution borders, and the restoration of the pope to the Papal States and king of Sardinia to Piedmont.
Second Coalition occupation
During the Italian and Swiss expedition, the Austro–Russian troops commanded by Marshal Alexander Suvorov entered Piedmont in May 1799, and occupied Turin on 26 May 1799. Following instructions given to him by Paul I, without the knowledge or consent of Austria, 'Suvorov issued proclamations calling on the Piedmontese people and army to rise and serve under him (Suvorov) in the name for their king, Charles Emmanuel,' who was still on the island of Sardinia. The Austro–Russian troops defeated the Franco-Polish forces under Macdonald and Dąbrowski in the Battle of Trebbia (17–20 June 1799), affirming their hold of Piedmont. Suvorov made another statement on Paul's orders in July 1799, requesting Charles Emmanuel to return to the liberated territory of Piedmont and resume his royal reign. Thugut denounced Suvorov's declarations and subjected Suvorov to his control through the Hofkriegsrat instead of Suvorov being only responsible to Emperor Francis II personally. The Russians and British regarded this move as a confirmation of the Austrians' territorial greed, and grew more suspicious of their allies. The anti-French revolts that occurred following Suvorov's call in May were mostly right-wing peasant movement from rural Piedmont, led by priests or former officers of the royal army. Due to pressure from the Austrians, Suvorov disbanded these rebel groups in order to allow the Austrians a free hand in making a territorial settlement in northern Italy. Moreover, Thugut argued to the Russians and British that Charles Emmanuel and the Piedmontese army were very unreliable allies, having abandoned Austria in 1796 and again in 1798 by concluding separate peace treaties with France. He pointed out that at that moment, Piedmontese generals and troops were even serving in the French army with the king's consent. Finally, Thugut insisted that liberated/conquered territories had to remain under military occupation for duation of the war to prevent interference with the war effort. The issue of what to do with Piedmont led to rising tensions inside the Second Coalition, and was one of the reasons for the fatal Austrian decision to order the army of Archduke Charles out of Switzerland and into the middle Rhine area in July 1799. That move is commonly regarded by historians as '[triggering] a series of military and political disasters' which would lead to the decisive French victory in the Second Battle of Zurich, motivate Russia to withdraw from the Coalition, force Austria and then the other allies to sign separate piece treaties with France and thus lead to the defeat and collapse of the Second Coalition.
Subalpine Republic
Although the Piedmontese Republic was briefly reincorporated into the Kingdom of Sardinia on paper, one year later, it was reestablished as the Subalpine Republic, after Napoleon took back all of northern Italy after the victorious Battle of Marengo (14 June 1800). The Subalpine Republic lasted until 11 September 1802, when it was divided between the French Republic and the Italian Republic. Charles Emmanuel IV abdicated again in 1802 – this time freely – in favour of his brother Victor Emmanuel I, as he had no children to succeed him.
Gallery
References
Literature
History of Piedmont
Client states of the Napoleonic Wars
1798 in Italy
1799 in Italy
Early Modern Italy
Former unrecognized countries
French military occupations
1798 establishments in Italy
1799 disestablishments in Italy
Zlatar-Bistrica is a village and municipality in northwestern Croatia, in the Krapina-Zagorje County. It lies on the crossroads of two important roads for the region, one connecting northern parts of the county with Zagreb (D29) and the other connecting Varaždin and western part of the county (D24) and is also connected by R201 railway.
What is today Zlatar-Bistrica, until 1912 was actually just couple of small villages - Gornji Brestovec, Donji Brestovec and Grančari.
As the railroads connected Zagreb and Varaždin, a rail station was built between Zlatar and Marija Bistrica and it was named Zlatar-Bistrica. Today's Zlatar-Bistrica grew in the rail station's surroundings.
With its 2600 inhabitants (2011 census), it is considered one of the smaller municipalities in the county. Until 1991 it was the administrative center of the municipality of Zlatar Bistrica, which included today's municipalities of Budinšćina, Hrašćina, Konjščina, Lobor, Mihovljan, Zlatar and Zlatar-Bistrica. At the time, with just over 33,000 inhabitants, it was the biggest municipality of the county.
Until it was divided in 1991, Zlatar-Bistrica was also the economic stronghold with several small, medium and even a big company operating there. Wood and meat-processing as well as electric equipment are produced there.
Culturally, Zlatar-Bistrica was neglected for many years in favour of neighbouring Zlatar. Nowadays there's a strong association that works on cultural matters in Zlatar Bistrica under name of KUD "Kaj".
Sports association include soccer team NK "Ivančica" and both gender handball teams - ŽRK "Zlatar-Bistrica" and RK "Zlatar-Bistrica".
Sources
External links
Sportska dvorana u Zlatar Bistrici
Municipalities of Croatia
Populated places in Krapina-Zagorje County
The Gotham Book Mart was a famous Midtown Manhattan bookstore and cultural landmark that operated from 1920 to 2007. The business was located first in a small basement space on West 45th Street near the Theater District, then moved to 51 West 47th Street, then spent many years at 41 West 47th Street within the Diamond District in Manhattan, New York City, before finally moving to 16 East 46th Street. Beyond merely selling books, the store virtually played as a literary salon, hosting meetings of the Finnegans Wake Society, the James Joyce Society, poetry and author readings, art exhibits, and more. It was known for its distinctive sign above the door which read, "Wise Men Fish Here" (sign created by artist John Held Jr.). The store specialized in poetry, literature, books about theater, art, music and dance. It sold both new books and out-of-print and rare books.
History
The store was opened January 1, 1920, by Frances Steloff. Steloff's husband, David Moss, suggested both the store's name and its "Wise Men ..." motto, which was inspired by Washington Irving. Steloff nurtured the store as a literary sanctuary for the avant-garde, distributing copies of the banned Lady Chatterley's Lover, Henry Miller's Tropic of Cancer, and safeguarded Anais Nin's books when she fled Paris. Under Steloff's oversight, the store became a meeting place for the literati and 20th century cultural icons, essentially serving as a literary salon.
In February 1947, the James Joyce Society was founded at the Gotham; John J. Slocum (a Joyce bibliographer) was its first president and Steloff its first treasurer. The first member was T. S. Eliot.
The success of the store was partly due to Steloff's demanding nature and attention to quality, as well as business acumen. Steloff lived in an apartment above the store and later sold it in 1967 to book lover Andreas Brown. Upon selling the store to Brown, Steloff told him that he was not the owner, but the caretaker or custodian. Steloff continued working at the store as a consultant after selling it.
Arthur Miller said that the store was an invaluable source of books "... for research of all kinds, and perhaps above all for literature that is more than a few months old. It's impossible to imagine New York City without it." The director Woody Allen, a frequent customer of film books at the shop, referred to it as "everyone's fantasy of what the ideal bookshop is."
After Steloff died in 1989 at age 101, Brown moved into the apartment above the shop, living there until later selling the building.
The shop was full of photos of the authors and other notable figures who frequented it, as well as signage and other visual puns that were full of literary humor and references, such as the names of Steloff's and Brown's cats: Thornton (Wilder), Christopher (Morley), Mitchell (Kennerley), and (Thomas) Pynchon. A great deal of the shop's inventory was in storage unavailable to the general public, as the proprietors obtained stock from literary estates, general overflow stock, and other books set aside for future sale after appreciating. Brown sometimes referred to book storage cellars as "the catacombs".
The Gotham was credited for promoting and building the success and career of the author Edward Gorey. Gorey and Brown became friends, so the store favored Gorey after Brown assumed ownership. The store became the commercial flagship of Gorey's works, selling his books, calendars, greeting cards, T-shirts, and other products. The store published 15 of Gorey's books and the store gallery hosted exhibitions of Gorey's illustrations, as well as public signings by the author. Brown was named as one of the coexecutors of Gorey's estate, after he died in 2000.
The history of the store is covered in the documentary film, Frances Steloff: Memoirs of a Bookseller, directed in 1987 by Deborah Dickson.
Building
The building at 41 West 47th Street that housed the Gotham Book Mart for the longest period of its existence was purchased by Steloff from Columbia University in 1946 for $65,000. Somewhere in between, after selling the store to Andreas Brown, Steloff donated the building to the American Friends of the Hebrew University Foundation with the proviso that they give Brown the option to later buy it back at $1,000,000. In 1987, Steloff filed suit to enforce the intended proviso, and the two parties apparently settled. In 1988, Andreas Brown bought the building back from them for $1,000,000.
In 1995, Joanne Carson (second wife of Johnny Carson) filed suit against Brown, alleging she had loaned him $640,000 in 1988 and 1991 to purchase and repair the building, and she wanted her money returned with interest. Carson had apparently become acquainted with Brown through their mutual friendship with Truman Capote. Brown and Carson met after Capote's death while Brown was appraising Capote's papers. In 1997, the suit was settled, with Brown agreeing to pay her back $1.4 million by February 28 of the year 2000.
In 2001, Brown put the five-story town house building up for sale with an asking price of $7.9 million. In 2003, the building was sold for $7.2 million to Boris Aranov, who also owned another adjacent building.
Brown reopened the store under a slightly new name, "The Gotham Book Mart & Gallery", in 2004 just a few blocks away at 16 East 46th Street in the store space previously occupied by the H. P. Kraus rare books store. Leonard Lauder, a cosmetics industry billionaire and executive of Estée Lauder Companies, and Edmondo Schwartz, a real estate developer, arranged to buy the building for $5.2 million in order to assist the Gotham and Brown by leasing it back to him. In 2006, the store fell behind in its monthly $51,000 rent, and the landlords initiated eviction proceedings. A judge authorized the city marshal to seize the inventory.
There were various stories for why Brown fell behind in the rent. According to him, he had recently endured three hernia operations and was struggling to save the store from closing by inventorying the over $3 million worth of books and posting them on the internet. In the months since the move from the previous location, the staff appeared to have failed to get any of the inventory online. By other accounts, he may have lost momentum after the transition of selling and moving from the old building, and he may have invested too much in more book inventory. Other factors that could have been involved included the fact that Barnes & Noble opened a bookstore just around the corner from the Gotham, and also that general book-buying habits of consumers had shifted with the advent of the internet age.
The primary factors affecting the store appears to have been a combination of the rising rent for real estate in Manhattan, competition from book superstores, and Brown's mismanagement of the business—factors which influenced the closures of a number of other venerable bookstores during the same period.
On May 22, 2007, the city auctioned off the store's inventory to a small crowd each of whom had put down a $1,000 deposit in order to attend. Attendees included book collectors and other book store owners. Ultimately, the estimated $3 million worth of inventory was all bought up in one large lot for a bid of only $400,000 by the representative of the landlords.
Gotham Book Mart Collection
In late 2008, the University of Pennsylvania received over 200,000 items from the Gotham Book Mart's inventory as an anonymous gift. Penn will catalog the Gotham Book Mart Collection and make it available for teaching and research. Penn will also digitize materials from the Collection, and create public events such as lectures and exhibits based on its contents.
In the spring of 2019, Penn Libraries displayed a collection of the Gotham Book Mart collection at the Kislak Center for Rare Books, Collections and Manuscripts. The exhibit, called "Wise Men Fish Here", contained 300 items and was hosted at the Van Pelt Library.
Awards
New York Magazine's Best of New York: Independent Bookstore, 2000.
Major authors and celebrities linked to the store
Many notable authors, celebrities, and major figures involved in publishing were customers of the store and friends with the owners and staff. The Nobel Prize committee in Stockholm was known to order copies of books from the Gotham when they were considering various authors for the prize.
Authors and celebrities who frequented and shopped at the store:
Edward Albee
Woody Allen
W. H. Auden
Warren Beatty
Saul Bellow
Alexander Calder
Truman Capote
Dick Cavett
Charlie Chaplin
Ina Claire
Jean Cocteau
Melora Creager
E. E. Cummings
Don DeLillo
Theodore Dreiser
Buckminster Fuller
Abigail Folger (worked as a clerk at the Gotham)
Allen Ginsberg (worked as a clerk at the Gotham)
John Guare
George Gershwin & Ira Gershwin
Edward Gorey
Martha Graham
Lillian Hellman
Katharine Hepburn
LeRoi Jones (worked as a clerk at the Gotham)
James Joyce
Garson Kanin
Alison Lurie
Norman Mailer
H. L. Mencken
Arthur Miller
Henry Moore
Marianne Moore
Christopher Morley
David Nolan
Eugene O'Neill
Anaïs Nin
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis
John Dos Passos
George Plimpton
Ezra Pound
Man Ray
Philip Roth
J. D. Salinger
Marian Seldes
Dame Edith Sitwell
Patti Smith worked at Scribner's, around the corner, as documented in her memoir, Just Kids. She hung out at Gotham Book Mart and they later published her chapbook Witt.
Stephen Spender
Gertrude Stein
Dylan Thomas
John Updike
Rudolph Valentino
Gore Vidal
Jose Garcia Villa
Andy Warhol
Edmund White
Thornton Wilder
Tennessee Williams (worked as clerk at the store, lasting less than a day)
See also
Books in the United States
References
External links
Bookstores in Manhattan
Independent bookstores of the United States
Antiquarian booksellers
Midtown Manhattan
Retail buildings in New York (state)
Bookstores established in the 20th century
American companies established in 1920
Retail companies established in 1920
Retail companies disestablished in 2007
1920 establishments in New York City
2007 disestablishments in New York (state)
Defunct companies based in New York City
Defunct retail companies of the United States
is a video game compilation developed and published by Namco Bandai Games for the Xbox 360. It was released in North America in 2008 and in Europe and Japan in 2009. Part of its Namco Museum series, Virtual Arcade includes 34 titles; nine of these are Namco Bandai-published Xbox Live Arcade games, and the rest are arcade games that are only accessible through the disc. Players can access the Xbox Live Arcade games through their dashboard if the disc is in the console.
Games
Namco Museum Virtual Arcade is a compilation of video games published by Namco and its successor, Namco Bandai Games. The collection contains 34 games that encompass a variety of genres, including maze chasers, shoot 'em ups, and platformers. It is divided into two sets of games that can be selected in the in-game menu. The first set contains nine Namco Bandai-published games for Xbox Live Arcade, which in addition to being selectable through the main menu can also be accessed through the Xbox 360's dashboard, as long as the disc is in the console. Some of these are ports of arcade games like Pac-Man (1980) and Xevious (1983), while others such as Pac-Man Championship Edition (2007) are brand-new sequels with different gameplay structures and mechanics. These Xbox Live Arcade games also contain achievements and online leaderboards. The second set of games are only available on the disc, and include 22 Namco arcade games from the 1970s and 1980s as well as three "Arrangement" remakes of Pac-Man, Galaga (1981), and Dig Dug (1982). Players can modify in-game settings such as controller inputs, difficulty, and the starting number of lives. This would also be the last time Ms. Pac-Man (1982) would be included in a Namco Museum, as future reissues were strictly standalone or on dedicated minicades.
Development and release
Namco Museum Virtual Arcade was developed and published by Namco Bandai Games for the Xbox 360. Its development was handled by the company's North American division, with its marketing director Todd Thorson serving as the project director. Virtual Arcade was designed to be the largest and most comprehensive in Namco Museum line of compilations, in addition to serving as a convenient and affordable way for consumers to play its back catalog. The collection is the first Namco Museum to include Sky Kid Deluxe (1986), which had previously been rereleased in Japan through Namco Collection Vol. 1 (1999) for Windows. The three Arrangement games were taken from the PlayStation Portable game Namco Museum Battle Collection (2005), and were upscaled and modified to support high definition video and improved sound. Pac-Man Championship Edition, Galaga Legions, and Mr. Driller Online were added to the lineup to represent the company's ability to produce well-designed followups to its older arcade games.
Namco Bandai Games announced Virtual Arcade at the 2008 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3), and released it in North America on November 4, 2008. The game was later released in Europe on May 15, 2009, in Australia on May 21, 2009, and in Japan on November 5, 2009. In the European version, Metro-Cross is renamed Retro-Cross.
Reception
According to the review aggregator website Metacritic, Namco Museum Virtual Arcade received "mixed or average reviews", holding a 63/100 on the site. It sold 5,912 copies in Japan by the end of 2009, making it one of the worst-selling Namco Museum games in the country.
Critics were generally pleased with the selection of games. Steve Hannley, a reviewer for GamesRadar+, wrote: "For the right buyer, this is a gleaming golden treasure even with bits of tarnish here and there." Out of the included titles, Pac-Man Championship Edition and Galaga Legions were considered the highlights of the package. Jeuxvideo.com author Pixelpirate recommended Virtual Arcade for those games alone. The inclusion of Namco Bandai's Xbox Live Arcade library was also met with praise, and critics said this helped make the collection worth the purchase. Among the Museum games, critics found Dragon Spirit, Pole Position, and Metro-Cross to be some of the standouts. GameSpots Don Francis felt the library relied too heavily on Pac-Man games, but possessed a good selection of titles regardless. Writing for IGN, Ryan Geddes pointed out that most of the games were included in past Namco Museum collections, and said those are likely worth seeking out instead of Virtual Arcade.
The collection drew largely negative responses towards its presentation. The menu layout was criticized for being needlessly complicated and making it difficult to navigate through the different libraries. Francis and a reviewer for Retro Gamer showed frustration towards this menu as hindering what is otherwise a well-made compilation. Pixelpirate similarly found the menu difficult to use, but praised its minimalist art style and background music. The lack of included extras was criticized by Geddes, who unfavorably compared it to collections like Activision Anthology that contained additional content like developer interviews and artwork scans. Some also disliked the controls for certain games, though they attributed this to the poor quality of the Xbox 360's directional pad and not the pack itself.
Notes
References
External links
2008 video games
Bandai Namco games
Bandai Namco video game compilations
Xbox 360 games
Dunsborough is a coastal town in the South West of Western Australia, south of Perth, on the shores of Geographe Bay.
Dunsborough is a popular tourist destination for Western Australians; in 1999 it was voted the state's best tourist destination and in 2013 awarded the Top Tourism Award for Population Under 5,000. The town's location in the Margaret River Wine Region provides easy access to many wineries and breweries. The town is a favoured destination for annual school leavers in Western Australia, the other frequent choice being Rottnest Island.
History
Indigenous prehistory
The South West region of Australia, within which Dunsborough sits, is recognised as being one of the oldest continually occupied human habitats anywhere on Earth, with archaeology dating back approximately 40,000 years. Dunsborough itself shares in this history, with multiple sites of Aboriginal importance in and around the town.
Prior to European colonisation, several distinct tribes inhabited the land and utilised the waters around Dunsborough. Those living on the coast were called Wardandi (sea people), and their language recorded as Burron Wongi. These Indigenous peoples referred to Dunsborough by the name of Quedjinup, which means "Place of Women". The name Quedjinup is retained for the district immediately to the south of Dunsborough, encompassing the Dunsborough Lakes and Biddle's Common housing developments which form part of the greater Dunsborough development zone.
Important local Aboriginal Heritage sites include:
Caves Road – Naturaliste Road Roundabout: a large area, extending some 400m east of the current roundabout, within which many artefacts including flints, crystal quartz, and blades have been discovered. The artefacts discovered at this site have been dated between 8,000 and 12,000 years old. The site is on the Permanent Register of Aboriginal sites, and is protected under the West Australian Aboriginal Heritage Act (1972).
The Seymour Street Camping Grounds: located between what was Seymour Street (now Cape Naturaliste Road) and Naturaliste Terrace, and again on the southern side of the wet ground within the playing fields, including part of the playing field itself and where the netball courts now stand.
Dunn Bay Road Ceremonial Ground: a reported "law ground" that was a ceremonial meeting site that brought traditional Wardandi people together.
British settlement
The modern town is named after the nearby Dunn Bay, which was named after Captain Richard Dalling Dunn under whom Governor James Stirling had served in the Hibernia and the Armide in 1810–11. Land for a townsite was set aside here in the late 1830s, and there is a recorded whale fishery at "Dunsbro" in 1850. When Dunsborough first appeared on a map in 1839 it was spelt "Dunnsbro" but the extra "n" seems to have disappeared by 1850, and the spelling of "bro" was amended to "borough" when the name was gazetted on 29 April 1879.
In 1860, the Seymour family who worked for the Castle Rock Whaling Company built the Seymour Homestead. It would later be moved to Millbrook Farm in Yallingup. In the 1920s the family built Seymour's Cottages, which were among the first holiday houses in the area; they were also relocated toMillbrook Farm. A general store was opened in 1925 and the town's first bakery was established in 1930. By the 1950s, Dunsborough's population consisted of about forty families; 1957 saw the opening of the Old Dunsborough Hall and Dunsborough Primary School opened in 1963. Surfing became popular in the 1960s and wine tourism in the nearby Margaret River was emerging by the mid-1980s. The population of the town began to significantly increase from the late 1970s onwards.
Tourism and culture
Dunsborough's beaches, restaurants, cafes, and boutique shops attract tourists. The town is also near Meelup Regional Park (including Meelup Beach), Cape Naturaliste and its lighthouse (which are in the Leeuwin-Naturaliste National Park and part of the Cape to Cape Track), Ngari Capes Marine Park (containing the dive wreck of HMAS Swan, and the Margaret River Wine Region.
The CinefestOZ film festival stages some of its screenings and events in Dunsborough in late August each year.
Transport
Caves Road and Cape Naturaliste Road are major roads in the area, linked by a roundabout. Dunsborough is serviced by Busseltons public bus service route 815 run by Swan Transit South West (TransBusselton). South West Coach Lines and Transwa coach services also run service to Dunsborough for connections to other south west towns and Perth.
Education
Dunsborough is served by one government school, Dunsborough Primary School, and two private schools, Our Lady of the Cape Primary School and Cornerstone Christian College (a primary school campus in Quedjinup).
Events
Dunsborough Arts Festival and Sculpture By The Bay
Dunsborough Bay Fun Run
Dunsborough Lions Easter Fair
X-Adventure Dunsborough
References
Further reading
Jack, J. and Robertson, R. (editors) (2001) Cape Of Contrasts/Stories of Cape Naturaliste, Western Australia Dunsborough
Capes region of South West Western Australia
Coastal towns in Western Australia
XHSAG-FM (92.5 FM)/XESAG-AM (1040 AM) is a radio station in Salamanca, Guanajuato, with studios in Irapuato. Owned by Radiorama but operated by Corporación Bajío Comunicaciones, XESAG carries a grupera format known as Radio Lobo Bajío.
History
The original XESAG concession was awarded to Radio Creatividad, S.A., a Radiorama subsidiary, on November 30, 1994.
XESAG was approved to move to FM in April 2018. The 92.5 frequency had first been offered to XEZH-AM 1260, which opted not to move. The FM was launched in November 2021.
Note
References
Radio stations in Guanajuato
In Those Days () is a 1947 German drama film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Gert Schäfer, Erich Schellow and Winnie Markus. It was one of the cycle of Rubble films made in the wake of Germany's defeat during World War II. The film addresses issues of collective guilt during the Nazi era, using the device of a car built in 1933 and dismantled in 1947 narrating the various experiences of its owners in a series of seven separate episodes. The film's objective was to highlight the private resistance of various figures to the Nazis even while they publicly accepted the repression of Nazi society.
Production
The film was produced in Hamburg in the British Zone as part of a growing post-war trend in western Germany of moving film production away from its traditional centre of Berlin. The film was made under extremely difficult conditions including a lack of raw film stock and hunger amongst the cast and technicians. The director, Helmut Käutner, had several of his earlier films banned by the Nazis which led to him being perceived as possessing greater moral authority than many of his colleagues. Consequently, the film was seen as a standard-bearer for the values of the post-war German film industry.
Reception
It was well received by the German public in 1947 who were generally receptive to its message. In the 1960s the film began to attract criticism for allegedly whitewashing ordinary Germans' acceptance of Nazi ideology. However, this criticism has in turn been challenged as being ahistorical and ignoring the conditions under which it was made - such as the constraints put on German film-makers by the Allied occupation powers and the resistance of contemporary German audiences to films that explicitly examined their possible collective guilt.
Cast
References
External links
1947 drama films
German drama films
Films set in Hamburg
Films set in Berlin
Films directed by Helmut Käutner
Films about Nazi Germany
West German films
Films about automobiles
German black-and-white films
1940s German-language films
1940s German films
The Office Assistant is a discontinued intelligent user interface for Microsoft Office that assisted users by way of an interactive animated character which interfaced with the Office help content. It was included in Microsoft Office for Windows (versions 97 to 2003), in Microsoft Publisher and Microsoft Project (versions 98 to 2003), Microsoft FrontPage (versions 2002 and 2003), and Microsoft Office for Mac (versions 98 to 2004).
The default assistant in the English version was named Clippit (commonly nicknamed Clippy), after a paperclip. The character was designed by Kevan J. Atteberry. Clippit was the default and by far the most notable Assistant (partly because in many cases the setup CD was required to install the other assistants), which also led to it being called simply the Microsoft Paperclip. The original Clippit in Office 97 was given a new look in Office 2000.
The feature drew a strongly negative response from many users. Microsoft turned off the feature by default in Office XP, acknowledging its unpopularity in an ad campaign spoofing Clippit. The feature was removed altogether in Office 2007 and Office 2008 for Mac, as it continued to draw criticism even from Microsoft employees.
In July 2021, Microsoft used Twitter to show off a redesign of Clippit (which they called "Clippy" in the Tweet), and said that if it received 20,000 likes they would replace the paperclip emoji on Microsoft 365 with the character. The Tweet quickly surpassed 20,000 likes and they then announced to replace it. In November 2021, Microsoft officially updated their design of the paperclip emoji (📎) on Windows 11 to be Clippit/"Clippy".
Overview
According to Alan Cooper, the "Father of Visual Basic", the concept of Clippit was based on a "tragic misunderstanding" of research conducted at Stanford University, showing that the same part of the brain in use while using a mouse or keyboard was also responsible for emotional reactions while interacting with other human beings and thus is the reason people yell at their computer monitors. Microsoft concluded that if humans reacted to computers the same way they react to other humans, it would be beneficial to include a human-like face in their software. As people already related to computers directly as they do with humans, the added human-like face emerged as an annoying interloper distracting the user from the primary conversation.
First introduced in Microsoft Office 97, the Office Assistant was codenamed TFC during development. It appeared when the program determined the user could be assisted by using Office wizards, searching help, or advising users on using Office features more effectively. It also presented tips and keyboard shortcuts. For example, typing an address followed by "Dear" would cause the Assistant to appear with the message, "It looks like you're writing a letter. Would you like help?"
Assistants
Apart from Clippit, other Office Assistants were also available:
The Dot (a shape-shifting smiley-faced red ball)
Hoverbot (a robot)
The Genius (a caricature of Albert Einstein, removed in Office XP but available as a downloadable add-on)
Office Logo (a jigsaw puzzle)
Mother Nature (a globe)
Scribble (an origami-esque cat)
Power Pup (a superhero dog)
Will (a caricature of William Shakespeare).
In many cases the Office installation CD was necessary to activate a different Office assistant character, so the default character, Clippit, remains widely known compared to other Office Assistants.
In Office 2000, the Hoverbot, Scribble, and Power Pup assistants were replaced by:
F1 (a robot)
Links (a cat)
Rocky (a dog)
The Clippit and Office Logo assistants were also redesigned. The removed assistants later resurfaced as downloadable add-ons.
The Microsoft Office XP Multilingual Pack had two more assistants, , an animated secretary, and a version of the Monkey King () for Asian language users in non-Asian Office versions. Native language versions provided additional representations, such as Kairu the dolphin in Japanese.
A small image of Clippy can be found in Office 2013 or newer, which could be enabled by going to Options and changing the theme to "School Supplies". Clippit would then appear on the ribbon.
Technology
The Office Assistant used technology initially from Microsoft Bob and later Microsoft Agent, offering advice based on Bayesian algorithms. From Office 2000 onward, Microsoft Agent (.acs) replaced the Microsoft Bob-descended Actor (.act) format as the technology supporting the feature. Users can add other assistants to the folder where Office is installed for them to show up in the Office application, or install in the Microsoft Agent folder in System32 folder. Microsoft Agent-based characters have richer forms and colors, and are not enclosed within a boxed window. Furthermore, the Office Assistant could use the Lernout & Hauspie TruVoice Text-to-Speech Engine to provide output speech capabilities to Microsoft Agent, but it required SAPI 4.0. The Microsoft Speech Recognition Engine allowed the Office Assistant to accept speech input.
Compatibility
The Microsoft Agent components that it requires are not included in Windows 7 or later; however, they can be downloaded from the Microsoft website. Installation of Microsoft Agent on Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 and Windows 11 is also possible. When desktop compositing with Aero glass is enabled on Windows Vista or 7, or when running on Windows 8 or newer, the normally transparent space around the Office Assistant becomes solid-colored pink, blue, or green.
Additional downloadable assistants
Since their introduction, more assistants have been released and have been exclusively available via download.
Bosgrove (a butler)
Courtney (a flying car driver)
Earl (a surfboarding alien)
Genie (a genie)
Kairu the Dolphin, otherwise known as Chacha (available for East Asian editions, downloadable for Office 97)
Lynx
Max (a Macintosh Plus computer) (Macintosh)
Merlin (a wizard)
Peedy (a green parrot, which was ultimately reused in the first iteration of the notorious BonziBuddy software)
Robby (a robot)
Rover (a golden retriever, also featured as Windows XP Explorer's search companion.)
The Monkey King (available for East Asian editions, downloadable for Office 97)
The 12 assistants for Office 97 could be downloaded from the Microsoft website.
Criticism and parodies
The program was widely reviled among users as intrusive and annoying, and was criticized even within Microsoft. Microsoft's internal codename TFC had a derogatory origin: Steven Sinofsky states that "C" stood for "clown", while allowing his readers to guess what "TF" might stand for. Smithsonian Magazine called Clippit "one of the worst software design blunders in the annals of computing". Time magazine included Clippit in a 2010 article listing the fifty worst inventions.
Although helpful to brand-new users, and although introduced at a time when relatively few people had extensive experience with computers, Clippy was criticized for interrupting users and not providing advice that was fully adapted to the situation.
In July 2000, the online comic strip User Friendly ran a series of panels featuring Clippit. In 2001, a Microsoft advertising campaign for Office XP included the (now defunct) website officeclippy.com, which highlighted the disabling of Clippit in the software. It featured the animated adventures of Clippit (voiced by comedian Gilbert Gottfried) as he learned to cope with unemployment ("X… XP… As in, ex-paperclip?!") and parodied behaviors of the Office assistant. Curiously, one of these ("Clippy Faces Facts") uses the same punchline as one of the User Friendly comic strips. These videos can be downloaded from Microsoft's website as self-contained Flash Player executables. In the latest video of the series, Clippit ends up in an office as a floppy disk ejecting pin.
In August 2001, a Microsoft Windows Flash-based parody named Windows RG was made by internet comedian JamesWeb. Windows RG is a parody of Windows Me that replicated the operating system's crashes and instabilities in a more humorous way. It featured parodies of Microsoft Word and Clippit. Upon starting the pseudo-application, the Clippit-style character informs the user that they are not writing a letter but that the assistant likes letters and they should too. The assistant then instructs the user to start with the words "Milk" and "Sponge", and then adds a picture of an enlarged paperclip, which the assistant claims that it's their brother. The pseudo-app then crashes afterwards, with a dialog box saying that "paperclip.exe" had performed "94,708" illegal operations and will be shot. After this, the assistant then appears lying dead on the floor with blood spewing out, which the assistant questions itself saying why they have blood even though they are a paperclip. Another dialog box appears afterwards, saying that Word has performed an illegal operation ("killed a paperclip") and will be "arrested" (which for that reason actually meant closed). Another Flash-based Windows parody, Windows FU (meant to be a parody of Windows XP), also featured parodies of Microsoft Word and Clippit in a similar manner to Windows RG.
There is a Clippit parody in the Plus! Dancer application included in Microsoft Plus! Digital Media Edition which is later included as Windows Dancer in Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005. The dancing character Boo Who? is wearing a ghost outfit, roughly having the shape of Clippit's body, with a piece of wire visible underneath. Occasionally, the white sheet slips, and reveals the thin curve of steel. The description mentions "working for a short while for a Redmond, WA based software company, where he continued to work until being retired in 2001". Clippit is also included as a player character in Microsoft Bicycle Card Games and Microsoft Bicycle Board Games. It was also used in the "Word Crimes" music video by "Weird Al" Yankovic.
Vigor is a Clippit-inspired parody software—a version of the vi text editor featuring a rough-sketched Clippit.
In a June 2008 episode of the NPR show Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! marking the occasion of Bill Gates transitioning to semi-retirement from Microsoft, humorist Adam Felber and comedian Paul Provenza ad-lib a scenario in which Clippit (referred to as Clippy) is being driven to a location outside of Redmond, Washington, at night and says such things as "It looks like you're digging a grave. Is this a business grave or a personal grave?" The segment has become one of the most requested by listeners for replay during "best of" reviews of the show.
On April 1, 2014, Clippit appeared as an Office Assistant in Office Online as part of an April Fools' Day joke. Several days later, an Easter egg was found in the then-preview version of Windows Phone 8.1. When asked if she likes Clippit, the personal assistant Cortana would answer "Definitely. He taught me how important it is to listen." or "What's not to like? That guy took a heck of a beating and he's still smiling." Her avatar occasionally turned into a two-dimensional Metro-style Clippit for several seconds. This Easter egg is still available in the full release version of the Windows Phone operating system and Windows 10.
A Clippit Easter egg is also found in Apple's personal assistant, Siri, although it is less flattering, saying things like "Clippy?! Don't get me started." or "The less said about Clippy the better."
In Google Assistant, when asked if she trusts, knows, likes, or is Clippy, she responds with "Clippy? Clippy is legendary", with a smiling emoji at the end. And when asked why, she simply has no idea why Clippy is legendary. And when asked if she knows who Clippy is, she states she remembers the user has told her, with the answer "Clippy is an office."
The built-in linting tool of the Rust programming language, which was created in 2014, is named Clippy as a reference to Clippit.
On April 1, 2015, Tumblr created a parody of Clippit, Coppy, as an April Fools' joke. Coppy is an anthropomorphized photocopier that behaved in similar ways to Clippit, asking the user if they want help. Coppy would engage the reader in a series of pointless questions, with a dialogue box written in Comic Sans MS, which was deliberately designed to be extremely annoying.
In popular culture
Clippit is often the subject of humorous parody and reference, including internet memes. It has been lampooned in multiple television series, such as The Office, and Silicon Valley.
Clippit is portrayed as a romantic interest in "Conquered by Clippy", a tongue-in-cheek erotic story by Leonard Delaney.
After featuring Clippit's tomb in a movie to promote Office 2010, the character was relaunched as the main character of the game Ribbon Hero 2, which is an interactive tutorial released by Microsoft in 2011. In the game, Clippy needs a new job and accidentally goes inside a time machine, travelling to different ages solving problems with Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote. Other Office Assistant names are also featured during the "Future Age" as planets of the future solar system.
See also
Microsoft Bob
Ms. Dewey
Tafiti
Tay (bot)
Talking Moose
Virtual assistant
References
External links
Clippy discontinued in Office 12
Download additional Agents Office 97 (Quiet Office Logo, Kairu, Earl, F1)
Download Office 97 Assistant: Kairu the Dolphin
Clippy returns in Microsoft's April Fools' pranks
Luke Swartz — Why People Hate the Paperclip – Academic paper on why people hate the Office Assistant
Microsoft Agent Ring - download more unofficial characters
"Farewell Clippy: What's Happening to the Infamous Office Assistant in Office XP" (April 2001) at Microsoft.com
Human–computer interaction
Fictional shapeshifters
Microsoft Office
Technical communication
Chaetostomella erdenezuu is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
Mongolia.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1982
Diptera of Asia
This is a list of yearly Ohio Athletic Conference football standings.
Ohio Athletic Conference football standings
NCAA Division III (1998–present)
References
Ohio Athletic Conference
Standings
Ohio Athletic Conference football standings
Himmat Singh (born 8 November 1996) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Delhi in domestic cricket. He bats right-handed and bowls right-arm off break. He represented Delhi at the Under-16, Under-19 and Under-23 levels and North Zone at the Under-19 level.
Himmat was selected in the Delhi squad for 2014–15 Ranji Trophy after his fine performance for the Delhi Under-19s, but did not appear in any of the matches. He made his List A cricket debut at the age of 19 during the 2015–16 Vijay Hazare Trophy in December 2015. Later that month, Himmat's father Tejbir Singh filed a criminal defamation case against Kirti Azad, Bishan Singh Bedi, Surinder Khanna and Sameer Bahadur for allegedly stating that Tejbir had exchanged 25 lakh for his son's selection in the Delhi squad for the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
He made his first-class debut for Delhi in the 2017–18 Ranji Trophy on 14 October 2017. He made his Twenty20 debut for Delhi in the 2017–18 Zonal T20 League on 9 January 2018.
In December 2018, he was named in India's team for the 2018 ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup. Later the same month, he was bought by the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the player auction for the 2019 Indian Premier League. He was released by the Royal Challengers Bangalore ahead of the 2020 IPL auction.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Delhi cricketers
Karmayogi is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by V. K. Prakash, starring Indrajith, Nithya Menon, Padmini Kolhapure, Saiju Kurup, Ashokan, Thalaivasal Vijay and Manikuttan. The film's screenplay is written by Balram Mattannur. It is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Hamlet. Indrajith plays the protagonist in the film.
Plot
The film tells the story of Rudran Gurukkal, the lone male descendant of the Chathothu family. The family represents the Yogi community, in which Lord Shiva is believed to have been born. Rudran is haunted by a strange kind of destiny. This forms the crux of the story.
Accolades
Karmayogi was screened in the competition section at the 42nd International Film Festival of India (IFFI), in Panaji, Goa in 2011.
Karmayogi was screened in the Malayalam Cinema Today section at the 16th International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK), in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala in 2011.
Risabava won the 2011 Kerala State Awards for dubbing for his work in the film.
Cast
Indrajith as Rudran Gurukkal
Nithya Menon
Padmini Kolhapure as Mankamma, Rudran's mother
Saiju Kurup
Ashokan
Thalaivasal Vijay
Manikuttan
Anoop Sankar
Kani Kusruti
M. R. Gopakumar
References
External links
Karmayogi film stills and posters
2010s Malayalam-language films
2012 films
Films based on Hamlet
Modern adaptations of works by William Shakespeare
Kalarippayattu films
Films scored by Ouseppachan
Films directed by V. K. Prakash
40.14.4 is the second studio album by Swedish singer Jessica Andersson. The album was released in October 2013 and peaked at number six on the Swedish Albums Chart.
Background and release
In 2003, Andersson, represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 as part of Fame, coming fifth. In 2004, Andersson decided to pursue a career as a solo artist and has been successful as a singer, winning Let's Dance 2011 and released a biography which has sold over 120,000 copies. In 2012, Andersson signed with BMG Chrysalis and began writing the album. Andersson sings about her tough childhood and the traumas from that time.
Andersson said 40.14.4 is different from what she has done before, with the music and lyrics being closer to what she likes to listen to; referencing artists like Lars Winnerbäck, Melissa Horn and Peter LeMarc. It is the first record she has written herself.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2013 albums
Jessica Andersson albums
Alexie Guay (born January 8, 2001) is a Canadian ice hockey defender, currently playing for the Boston College Eagles in the Hockey East conference of the NCAA Division I.
Playing career
Guay played on boys' teams until the end of peewee AAA, notably serving as team captain of the Harfangs du Triolet.
She began her high school with the women's ice hockey team of Stanstead College, playing under head coach Sarah Vaillancourt. As a senior, she transferred to the North American Hockey Academy (NAHA) and played with NAHA White in the Provincial Women's Hockey League (PWHL). She finished the 2018–19 PWHL season averaging a point-per-game.
In 2019, she moved to the United States to begin attending Boston College and play for the university's women's ice hockey programme. She scored 19 points in 36 games in her rookie NCAA year, third among all rookie NCAA defenders, and was named to the Hockey East All-Rookie Team.
Style of play
Guay has been noted for her skating and offensive skills, as well as her vision and ability to log significant ice time.
International career
Guay represented Canada at the 2018 and 2019 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship, scoring a total of 13 points in 11 games, as the country won bronze and gold respectively. She led both Team Canada and all defenders in scoring at both tournaments, winning the Best Defender Award at the 2019 tournament.
Personal life
Guay's older brother, Nicolas, played in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) with the Drummondville Voltigeurs and her younger brother, Patrick, plays with the QMJHL's Sherbrooke Phoenix. Her father, François Guay, played thirteen seasons of professional ice hockey and appeared in one NHL game, for the Buffalo Sabres in 1990.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Boston College Eagles women's ice hockey players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey people in the United States
Canadian women's ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Quebec
People from Magog, Quebec
Stanstead College alumni
21st-century Canadian women
The Laws of Scourge are the second studio album by the Brazilian extreme metal band Sarcófago. It was on this album that the band's lyrical content shifted from Satanism to more realistic subject matter; "Midnight Queen" is about a prostitute, while "Screeches From The Silence" is about living life in a care-free manner. After the lo-fi black/thrash metal style of I.N.R.I., The Laws of Scourge marks a change in musical style, with the band playing clearer and more proficient death/thrash metal. This was also the last full-length record to feature a human drummer, as from Hate onwards, the band would use a drum machine.
Track listing
Credits
Sarcófago
Wagner Lamounier - lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Fábio Jhasko - lead guitar
Gerald Minelli - backing vocals, acoustic guitar, bass guitar
Lucio Oliver - drums, percussion
Additional Musicians
Eugênio "Dead Zone" - keyboards
Claudio David - backing vocals (on "Midnight Queen", "Screeches From The Silence" and "Crush, Kill, Destroy")
Production
Arranged and produced by Sarcofago
Recorded and mixed by Gauguin and Sarcofago
References
Sarcófago albums
1991 albums
The 2015 Milton Keynes Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of Milton Keynes Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections.
Election results
Council make up
After the 2015 local election, the political makeup of the council was as follows:
Ward results
References
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
2015
2010s in Buckinghamshire
Jurga Zilinskiene MBE (Lithuanian: Jurga Žilinskienė, born 2 August 1976) is an entrepreneur, software programmer and founder of Guildhawk, formerly trading as Today Translations and Today Advisory, a global technology led translation company. In June 2019, she became the first Lithuanian woman to be honoured by HM Queen Elizabeth with the MBE.
On 8 March 2021, Zilinskiene was named as one of eight women who changed history with technology by LRT media. A summation in City AM described Zilinskiene as: '...one hell of a formidable businesswoman... a Lithuanian-born cross between Richard Branson and Margaret Thatcher... combined perhaps with shades of Warren Buffett, whose frugality and dislike of shopping and ostentation she shares'.
Zilinskiene has been interviewed by television, radio stations and international newspapers about Guildhawk and her unconventional approach to business. She has appeared on the BBC and in the Financial Times, the Independent on Sunday, Daily Telegraph and the business website, Growing Business.
In 2018 Zilinskiene was named as one of 100 women that Lithuania is proud of as part of the '100 Lithuanian Women' project. She was awarded an MBE by Queen Elizabeth II in the 2019 Birthday Honours and was invited to give lecturers at Vilnius University Kaunas Faculty, Coventry University and at the 2021 Cambridge International Symposium on Economic Crime, speaking on leadership, entrepreneurship and language technology.
In 2019, she became an Ambassador for the Be the Business, the UK productivity movement launched by Sir Charlie Mayfield and is the lead for the Yorkshire region. She features in a series of films and articles about boosting productivity and international trade and advice on recovering from the effects of the pandemic.
She met with Prime Minister Boris Johnson to discuss the impact of Brexit on UK companies and wrote a series of letters to him. These appealed for measures to protect responsible businesses from fraud and exploitation following Brexit and not to bail out unethical companies. A subsequent letter cautioned the government about serious risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Her letters later featured in the Guardian and other news outlets.
Early life
At 19, she moved to Britain to study law and economics at the University of London.
Guildhawk
In 2001, while at university, Zilinskiene set up Guildhawk under the name Today Translations – for which she was awarded the Shell LiveWIRE Award for Young Entrepreneurs in 2003.
Zilinskiene funded the company with £13,000 of personal investment and it continues to operate without external funding. This example of bootstrapping is rare within the City. Currently, the company has a global network of 3,000 translators and interpreters.
Zilinskiene frequently engages in government and media briefings, as well as forums organised by multinational companies. In 2006, Zilinskiene organised a trade mission with over 20 delegates from multinational organisations such as Merrill Lynch, to seize business opportunities in Lithuania. The trade mission involved Lithuanian parliamentarians and British diplomats, causing international media interest. To mark the success of the trip, Zilinskiene was given a UK Trade & Investment Certificate of Appreciation for her contribution to enhancing international trade by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
In October 2010, she was nominated to, and accepted, the Freedom of the City of London at a ceremony in the Guildhall, becoming the first female Lithuanian to receive the Freeman title. She was subsequently recognised as a Citizen of London and Liveryman to the Worshipful Company of Fruiterers, one of the City's oldest fellowships and a trade close to Zilinskiene's heart. She also sits on the China Interest Group Committee and her company Guildhawk is an official sponsor of the Fruiterers.
In June 2013, Zilinskiene took part in a panel discussion at Forum One in Kaunas, Lithuania, the biggest business leadership event to ever take place in Eastern Europe. The event featured some of the brightest Lithuanian business minds and a special talk by one of Zilinskiene's business idols, Sir Richard Branson.
In recognition of her sustained business success, Zilinksiene was invited to be part of the judging panel for the Shell LiveWIRE Award for Young Entrepreneurs in 2015, the award she herself received 12 years prior.
In September 2016, Zilinskiene was selected to participate in the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses initiative aimed at supporting SMEs. She graduated from the programme in the same year. Shortly afterwards Zilinskiene was also invited to attend an Executive Education course at Harvard Business School.
Ethical business philosophy
A series of common threads recur through Zilinskiene's life and reflect her business philosophy. Helping her company and other businesses to do business and trade internationally was highlighted in a feature on BBC London News and an article in the Financial Times in 2011, when she explained why she was supporting the Ready to Supply the City initiative with the Corporation of London.
Checking credentials of companies that people work for is very important she explained in an interview with the Guardian 2004. In an interview with Zmones magazine about her approach to life and business, she stressed the importance of always being ethical and being highly productive in life, saying how good people inspired her, quoting the Chinese philosopher Laozi.
She has also said that fellow British Lithuanian, the late Sir Montague Burton represented the type of business person she wanted to be. Delivering a business speech in Lithuania, she told why she was following 'Monty' and did not admire the practices of Sir Philip Green, who later acquired Burton's fashion empire.
Government support for established, ethical businesses after Brexit and not bailing out unethical heavily leveraged companies was the central message in a letter she wrote to Prime Minister Boris Johnson following her two round table meetings with him in September 2019. She also called on government to ensure banks did more to protect small businesses from falling prey to fraud by introducing Confirmation of Payee technology that was delayed.
In two subsequent letters she and her Chairman Ian Miller MBE wrote to the Prime Minister in March as the COVID-19 pandemic struck the UK, she appealed for urgent help for small companies and cautioned that, “vulture funds” will use the crisis to “acquire, asset-strip and neutralise good companies”, a warning that was later cited by the Guardian newspaper.
Promotion of coding and productivity
A self taught software coder herself, Zilinskiene advocates the importance of learning to code and the crucial role that software plays in improving business productivity and the lives of people. In an interview with Bloomberg in 2020, she explained her optimism about how tech will help the UK flourish in the 4th Industrial Revolution saying, “Now we can see what technology can do for us, people are really pushing forward”. Following her appointment as an Ambassador for the Be the Business movement, she was quoted as saying, " Being productive in business is the key to boosting revenue. Be the Business provides leaders with core skills that work and I encourage everyone to join the movement and sign-up for mentoring”.
Investment into the development of people is also close to Zilinskiene's heart and a video interview for the Be the Business movement in 2020, she told of how during the pandemic, she had decided to forfeit office leases and use what she described as dead money paid in commercial rents and invest this into Harvard Business School and other professional training for her employees.
She is also a champion for female entrepreneurship and calling for women across the globe to be more proactive an united to drive productivity, innovation and international trade. In 2014, she has called for the UK to establish a Women's Chamber of Commerce mirroring the model that she has seen with the Greater Houston Chamber of Commerce in the USA. Speaking at Chatham House in July 2019, she contended that females in leadership roles had not progressed since the Second World War and research was not resulting in action.
In 2021, Sheffield Hallam University, appointed Zilinskiene as their Entrepreneur in Residence where she provides advice, insights and mentoring via the Department of Computing and Sheffield Business School.
On 17 February 2021, ICAEW published an interview with Zilinskiene about measuring employee productivity at home during the COVID-19 pandemic. In this she described how before the pandemic, Guildhawk started towards remote work. She explained that Guildhawk technology was used to focus was on the output of its employees, “not to police them, but rather to understand the impact of how they work”. She also cited her online CEO briefings and constant dialogue between employees and their managers as effective tactics to improve efficiency and communication during lockdown. She said these initiatives enabled the company to record an 18% increase in overall productivity since staff started remote work.
Charity
In September 2012, Zilinskiene co-hosted the Courage and Benevolence Ball alongside the English actor, Sir Timothy Ackroyd at Café de Paris in London. The event was sponsored by Guildhawk and raised money towards Epidermolysis Bullosa research and treatment for the charity, DebRA. The Jazz Age music and Art Deco theme appeared again on 15 January 2020, when Jurga partnered with British Bandleader Alex Mendham & His Orchestra and auctioned a prize billed as an unforgettable experience with the orchestra at the prestigious Lansdowne Club.
Personal life
Zilinskiene is married to David Clarke, a former Chief Superintendent at City of London Police and founder of the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau who became a director of Guildhawk in 2013.
In a 2019 interview with the Business Desk she named Whitby as her favourite place to visit in Yorkshire and stated that tailoring magnate Sir Montague Burton, who was born in her native Kaunas had a great influence on her and her ethical approach to business. She added that her affection for the county was enhanced by the fact that her husband David was born in Doncaster, they were married at Oulton Hall in Yorkshire, her daughter is studying for her PhD in Material Science at the University of Sheffield, and she admires the plain speaking nature of Yorkshire people.
Awards
Shell LiveWIRE Award for Young Entrepreneurs in 2003.
UK Trade & Investment Certificate of Appreciation, presented by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Named as one of '100 Lithuanian Women' that Lithuania is proud of in 2018.
Order of the British Empire from Queen Elizabeth II in the 2019 Birthday Honours.
Television Appearances
Matt Cooke, reporter for BBC London News interviewed Zilinskiene in June 2011 regarding her involvement in the Ready to Supply programme run by the City of London Corporation; a scheme aimed at spreading wealth and employment beyond the square mile through practical advice and business support to SMEs who are looking to procure from large organisations.
In October 2009, Zilinskiene was interviewed by STV about the initiative launched by Guildhawk to recruit Glaswegian interpreters. The Glaswegian interpreter campaign was similar to the recruitment of Geordie, Scouse and Brooklynese interpreters. However, this was met with some trepidation and controversy around the need to translate local dialects.
In November 2016, Zilinskiene's company advertised for ‘the world's first emoji translator', which received widespread media coverage. As a result of the unusual job advertisement, Zilinskiene appeared on BBC, ITV News, and Vice, as well as several radio stations.
References
External links
Guildhawk website Jurga Zilinskiene MBE https://www.guildhawk.com/about-us/our-people/
Today Translations website https://www.todaytranslations.com/staff/jurga-zilinskiene/
Today Advisory website https://www.todayadvisory.com/staff/jurga-zilinskiene/
Zmones Magazine https://www.zmones.lt/naujiena/guildhawk-imones-ikureja-jurga-zilinskiene-mazi-pasiekimai-veda-i-sekme.e04440a7-0d23-11ea-9fe0-aa000054c883
Bloomberg news https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-09-20/the-virus-is-putting-britain-s-next-industrial-revolution-on-ice
Financial Times https://www.ft.com/content/56d7e630-54b6-11e0-b1ed-00144feab49a
Be the Business feature and video on Jurga Zilinskiene https://www.bethebusiness.com/rebuild-your-business/get-exploring/employee-engagement-wellbeing/we-are-using-rent-money-to-invest-in-our-people/
Zilinskiene's appeal to UK Prime Minister https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/queen-s-award-winning-businesswoman-tells-pm-boris-johnson-not-to-bail-out-unethical-companies-after-brexit-886561565.html
My Yorkshire https://www.thebusinessdesk.com/yorkshire/news/2045578-my-yorkshire-jurga-zilinskiene-ceo-of-language-services-company-guildhawk
1976 births
Living people
British businesspeople
Lithuanian businesspeople
Alumni of the University of London
Peter Schmidt (17 May 1931 – 22 January 1980) was a Berlin-born British artist, painter, theoretician of color and composition, pioneering multimedia exhibitor and an influential teacher at Watford College of Art. He was part of a generation of art school teachers in the 1960s and 1970s who had great impact on some students who later went on to work in art and music. He worked with Hansjörg Mayer, Brian Eno, Mark Boyle, Dieter Roth and had associations with Russell Mills, David Toop and Tom Phillips.
Biography
Peter Schmidt was born 17 May 1931 in Berlin, moved to England with his Jewish mother in 1938, and began painting in 1947. He studied at the Goldsmiths College from 1951 to 1953, and Slade School from 1953 to 1957. He won the Abbey Minor Travelling Scholarship 1957–58, which was spent in Sicily. On his return to England, he painted directly from objects and people, mainly in oils. His work was exhibited at Beaux Arts, with his first one-man show in 1961. He was the subject of a film called CUBISM AND BEYOND: DEPARTURES made for BBC TV in 1961. In 1963 he began a concept of painting he called PROGRAM. He produced a series of works inspired by music exhibited in a one-man show at the Curwen Gallery 1966. By this time his work had become totally abstract and he was focusing on ideas and systems. He performed an electronic music event called A PAINTERS USE OF SOUND at the ICA in 1967. Other music and performance work were at the Bristol Arts Centre, the UFO Club and, the Cochrane Theatre. He was also working with Mark Boyle at that time, performing in "Son et Lumiere" also at the Cochrane. The 1968 ICA exhibition "Cybernetic Serendipity", curated by Jasia Reichardt, had Schmidt as musical director. He performed ELECTRONIC SOUP MIX in 1969 at the Curwin Gallery, and FILM SOUND MIXES at the ICA.
In 1972 he produced a series of 64 drawings based on hexagrams of the I Ching. One of his last creative explorations in non-figurative work was a series of abstract paintings, which were illuminated by a special shifting colour light box, the electronics of which were specially designed. At this point his work gradually started to become figurative once more. In 1975 he had an exhibition at the Whitechapel Art Gallery, shared with his students at Watford School of Art, "Painting on Clothes".
During his life Schmidt explored many media and ideas. He produced a huge amount of work including books, prints, film, sound and painting. For the latter years of his life he painted in water colour, spending extended periods on the Canary Islands, the Isle of Skye off the coast of Scotland, and in Iceland painting landscapes. Although representational, Schmidt's approach was to use his theory of colour and composition developed previously. In other words, to create both an abstract and figurative painting in one.
The last exhibition Schmidt planned, called 'More Than Nothing' at Paul Ide Gallery in Brussels, was of collaborative works with Brian Eno. Among the works shown was the first generative light box, a watercolour painting of Eno called "Portrait of Eno with Allusions", several Tiger Mountain prints, the French edition of the oracle card set called Oblique Strategies, the four "Mandala Castles" and etchings created especially for this event.
Schmidt was on holiday on La Gomera in the Canary Islands when he died suddenly of a heart attack on 22 January 1980, just days before the Brussels exhibition's opening. He was survived by his brother, sister, son, daughter, their mother (and his second wife), and his third wife.
Works
Schmidt met Brian Eno as a visiting lecturer at Ipswich art school in the late 1960s and later became a friend and collaborator. They found they had both independently arrived at a system of using little quotes and axioms to overcome artistic obstacles. They combined efforts to publish the Oblique Strategies cards in 1975. Brian Eno commented on Schmidt. The Oblique Strategies seem to have been an outgrowth of Schmidt's own "Thoughts Behind The Thoughts".
Schmidt has two prints from 1971, both called "Flowing in the Right Direction" in the Tate Collection. Five of Schmidt's Monoprints from late 1968 are in the UK Government Art Collection that maintains and exhibits works in various government buildings. Several of these Monoprints can be seen in the James Bond 007 film "Her Majesty's Secret Service".
Schmidt created 1500 different silk screen portraits of Eno, four of which are used on the cover of the LP Taking Tiger Mountain. The Robert Fripp and Brian Eno LP Evening Star has on its cover a Schmidt painting.
Eno included four watercolour prints of Schmidt's work with the first edition of his LP Before and after Science and wrote in its liner notes: "Apart from our collaboration on this record, Peter and I have been working together and comparing notes for some time. In 1975 we produced a boxed set of oracle cards called 'Oblique Strategies', which were used extensively in the making of this record."
Schmidt created the water colour painting, "Portrait of Eno with Allusions" originally considered for the cover of the "Before and After Science" LP.
Many of his later works were abstract/realist landscapes produced and sold in Iceland. His work was collected by the actors Terence Stamp and Julie Christie.
Publications
"futura 24 – programmed squares 11" (An edition of 300). Broadsheet published by Edition Hansjoerg Mayer, Stuttgart, 1968.
"ROTAPRINTS" (An edition of 26 (A-Z) plus 10 proof copies). Published by Edition Hansjoerg Mayer, Stuttgart, 1968.
"Electrostatic Portraits", (An edition of 25). Published by Edition Hansjoerg Mayer, Stuttgart, 1968.
"Im Kopf – In The Head - A Book of Drawings" (An edition of 250 copies). A book of line drawings, a psycho-philosophical analysis of the human mind. The cover is embossed with one of these drawings. Published by Peter Schmidt, London, 1969.
"Peter Schmidt Autobiographical Monoprints" (An edition of 400 each copy has a unique set of color prints). A 78-page booklet, with an analytical introduction by Jasia Reichardt, to accompany an exhibition at Lisson Gallery. These monoprints were made between July and November 1969, incorporating elements from 1947–1969, "In choosing the material to work with I tried to revisit and own up to every aspect of my life. I found that the things that were most painful to use were the best to use." Published by Lisson Gallery, London, 1970
"The Thoughts Behind the Thoughts". (An edition of 100). A wooden box containing 55 original cards, letter press on old prints with a perspex lid. Published by Peter Schmidt, London, 1970.
"Everyday Third Eye Vision" (Broadsheet) Published by Peter Schmidt, London, 1972.
"Flikker Book 7", Published by Editions Alecto, 1972.
"Printed in Watford" (An edition of 1000). Published by Watford School of Art, 1974.
"The Lord's Prayer Hung on the Tree of Life" (Broadsheet) Published by Peter Schmidt, London, 1974.
"Sketchmaps"(An edition of 100). Published by Peter Schmidt, London, 1974.
"Mother and Daughter", Published by Peter Schmidt, London, 1974.
"A Meeting with Kali", Published by Peter Schmidt, London, 1975.
"Oblique Strategies", with Brian Eno, an edition of 500 copies. "Over one hundred worthwhile dilemmas by BRIAN ENO and PETER SCHMIDT" (actually 113 worthwhile dilemmas and four or five blank cards). Published by EG Management, 1975.
"a secret in stone", a book of Schmidt's poetry, with drawings by Patrick Hourihan, an edition of 500 copies. Published by Watford School of Art, 1979.
Exhibitions
Peter Schmidt had exhibitions at:
Beaux Arts Gallery, London – 1961
Curwen Gallery, London – 1966
Gallerie Hansjorg Mayer, Stuttgart – 1967
Lisson Gallery, London; Editions Alecto Gallery, London – 1968
Bear Lane Gallery, London; Curwen Gallery, London – 1969
Lisson Gallery, London – 1970
White Chapel Gallery, London – 1975
JPL Fine Arts, "Watercolours", London – 1977
Galerie Shandar, Paris; Galleri Sudurgata 7, Reykjavik; Sundholl Gallery, Isafordor; Caius College Gallery, Cambridge – 1978
Paul Ide Gallery, Brussels; Galleri Sudurgata 7, Reykjavik; Vertshuis Gallery, Flatey – 1979
Paul Ide Gallery (with Brian Eno) "More Than Nothing", Brussels – 1980
Watford Museum, "Remembered Images", Watford – 1987
The Living Art Museum, "Icelandic Landscapes", Reykjavik – 1995
Mummery & Schnelle, "To Become Like Music", London – 2008
Quotes
"One of the functions of art is to offer a more desirable reality; a model as it were, of another style of existence with its own pace and its own cultural reference." Peter Schmidt
"In a roomful of shouting people, the one who whispers becomes interesting." Peter Schmidt
"My friend Peter Schmidt used to talk about ‘not doing the things that nobody had ever thought of not doing', which is an inverse process – where you leave out an assumption that everybody has always made and see what happens (e.g. music has to be made of intentionally produced sounds was the assumption that Cage left out)." Brian Eno, in A Year With Swollen Appendices, p. 178
"He was enigmatic and tried to get us to approach things from different angles. Not however, in an analytical way though he could be very analytical, it was more to do with looking for the mysterious invisible centre of experience." Linda Landers, former student
"These cards evolved from our separate observations on the principles underlying what we were doing. Sometimes they were recognized in retrospect (intellect catching up with intuition), sometimes they were identified as they were happening, sometimes they were formulated. They can be used as a pack (a set of possibilities being continuously reviewed in the mind) or by drawing a single card from the shuffled pack when a dilemma occurs in a working situation. In this case,the card is trusted even if its appropriateness is quite unclear. They are not final, as new ideas will present themselves, and others will become self-evident." Brian Eno/Peter Schmidt – Card No. 2 from Oblique Strategies, 1975
"...During the past two years, Peter Schmidt has restricted his work almost exclusively to water colours, that curious medium which seems to stand on the borderline between 'Sunday painting' and 'serious painting'. I believe that this ambiguity itself has been a major reason for his continued use of the medium, for it allows pictorial events which can be light-hearted and ephemeral, and at the same time brooding and mysterious. The medium does not stipulate a particular emotional range, and presents itself to a perceiver in a kind of innocent and understated way – as if with a lowered voice. It seems that at a time when the currency of the day is to engage in productions that are in some way epic – be it in terms of scale, loudness or detail – that which is simple and quiet suddenly becomes relevant. It is talking in a new way..." Brian Eno, 1978
"Travel was necessary to enable Peter to paint. He longed for solitude and sought to investigate the influence solitude had on his perception of the world about him. Painting itself was for him just a part of the creative process. He went for walks, submitting himself to the influence of whatever met his eye. He did not take with him a sketchbook or any paint-tools, but when he had finished his walk he emptied his mind of all superfluities and painted from memory what remained there." Eggert Pétursson, from the "Icelandic Landscapes" exhibition catalogue, 1995
"Each year the students would create a book that was printed and bound in the college. Eduardo Paolozzi did his Abba Zabba there one year. 'Printed in Watford' was done by the year above me, our year was 'Constructive Anachronisms For Supportive Analysis' (a book about Shelf Brackets) with Hansjorg Meyer. The following year, however I did a magazine with Peter Schmidt, The Foundation Course and Brian Eno called 'The Humble Meek'. It was like an up-market religious pamphlet spoofing an entire religion foisted onto the banal wise-words of a made-up Watford Housewife. There was a twist to it all as well. I have a pile of these still, I sold them in Record Shops and the right kind of bookshop, and we got rid of hundreds of the buggers. 'Irene Williams' she was called and we had just the one photo of her, rescued from a photo booth in London. The point of this is to show that Peter was amazingly playful and had a tremendous sense of humour, often quite wicked." Cally, a student, taken from a private correspondence, 2007
Prints
References
External links
PeterSchmidtWeb, an internet raisonne catalogue, dedicated to preserving the memory of Peter Schmidt's life and work.
English artists
German artists
1931 births
1980 deaths
Artists from Berlin
German emigrants to England
Alumni of Goldsmiths, University of London
Alumni of the Slade School of Fine Art
English contemporary artists
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
English people of German-Jewish descent
German people of Jewish descent
Tiantong may refer to:
Tiantong Temple (天童寺), a Buddhist temple in Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.
Historical eras
Tiantong (天統, 565–569), era name used by Gao Wei, emperor of Northern Qi.
Tiantong (天統, 1363–1366), era name used by Ming Yuzhen, emperor of Great Xia.
In the Box was a 30-minute preschoolers' television program which aired in Australia on Network Ten at to , from Monday to Friday. It first aired on 21 December 1998, with the series ending in 2006. It was most recently hosted by Brett Annable, Tracey Fleming, Michael McKenna and Bop, their resident puppet.
The show featured varied content. However, there were certain events that would take place during each episode. These included a 'delivery', in which the hosts received a box of items to do an activity with, a visit from two different children each day, and the goodbye song. Some episodes had a particular theme such as baking or time travel.
During each episode, Michael, Brett, Tracey and Bop sang a variety of songs which appealed to the young target audience. These included Simon Says, Follow the Leader and Washy Washy.
References
External links
1998 Australian television series debuts
2006 Australian television series endings
Australian children's television series
Australian preschool education television series
Australian television series with live action and animation
Australian television shows featuring puppetry
English-language television shows
Network 10 original programming
Television shows set in Brisbane
Milton L. Peach (born December 5, 1943) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Carbonear in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1982 to 1989. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador. He was born at Carbonear. He holds B.A. and B.Ed. degrees and was a teacher.
References
1943 births
Living people
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Rachel Simon (born 1959 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American author of both fiction and non-fiction. Her six books include the 2011 novel The Story of Beautiful Girl, and the 2002 memoir Riding The Bus With My Sister. Her work has been adapted for film, television, radio, and stage.
In 2005, Rachel Simon's book Riding the Bus with My Sister was adapted for a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie by the same name. The film starred Rosie O'Donnell as Rachel's sister Beth, and Andie MacDowell as Rachel. It was directed by Anjelica Huston.
Bibliography
Little Nightmares, Little Dreams (1990) () (short story collection)
The Magic Touch (1994) () (novel) (This book has no relation to the film of the same name)
The Writer's Survival Guide (1997) ()
Riding the Bus with My Sister (2002) ()
The House On Teacher's Lane: A Memoir of Home, Healing, And Love's Hardest Questions (2010 paperback) () Hardback was published under the following title:
Building A Home With My Husband: A Journey Through The Renovation of Love (2009) ()
The Story Of Beautiful Girl (May 2011) ()
References
External links
RachelSimon.com
Interview in the literary magazine Wild River Review
Interview in Wordgathering: A Journal of Disability Poetry
1959 births
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
American women short story writers
Bryn Mawr College alumni
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
American Book Award winners
Abu or ABU may refer to:
Places
Abu (volcano), a volcano on the island of Honshū in Japan
Abu, Yamaguchi, a town in Japan
Ahmadu Bello University, a university located in Zaria, Nigeria
Atlantic Baptist University, a Christian university located in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada
Elephantine, Egypt, known as Abu to the Ancient Egyptians
A. A. Bere Tallo Airport (IATA: ABU), in Atambua, Indonesia
Mount Abu, the highest mountain in the Indian state of Rajasthan
People
Abu (Arabic term), a component of some Arabic names
Ab (Semitic), a common part of Arabic-derived names, meaning "father of" in Arabic
Abu al-Faraj (disambiguation)
Abu Baker Asvat, a murdered South African activist and medical doctor
Abu Ibrahim (disambiguation)
Abu Mohammed (disambiguation)
Abu Salim (disambiguation)
Raneo Abu, Filipino politician
Other uses
Abu (god), a minor god of vegetation in Sumerian mythology
ABU Garcia, a Swedish producer of sport fishing equipment
Abu language (disambiguation)
Abure language (ISO 639: ABU), a Tano language of Ivory Coast
African Boxing Union, African boxing organization which awards continental titles
Airman Battle Uniform, a utility uniform of the United States Air Force
Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union
Asymptomatic bacteriuria, bacteria in the urine without signs of a urinary tract infection
Abu, character in a series of animated anti-fascist propaganda short films produced by Halas & Batchelor for the British Ministry of Information from 1943 to 1945
A character in the Disney Aladdin franchise
The fifth month of the Babylonian calendar
See also
Apu (disambiguation)
Arabic masculine given names
Eric Holmes (born October 16, 1974) is an American professional stock car racing driver and three-time K&N Pro Series West champion.
Racing career
After running in local sanctioned NASCAR tracks with his father and finishing second in the NASCAR Southwest Tour, Holmes made his K&N Pro Series debut in 1997. In 2006, Holmes' first full year, he won his first career race at Thunderhill Raceway Park and had four poles and nine top fives en route to his first championship.
In 2007, Holmes won the event at Altamont Raceway Park. In 2008, he won at All-American Speedway, Colorado National Speedway, Thunderhill Raceway Park and Douglas County Speedway, winning his second championship along with five poles and nine top fives. During the 2009 season, he won at All-American Speedway, Madera Speedway and Douglas County Speedway and finishing in second in points.
For 2010, he got a record high 5 wins and clinched his third championship with victories at Phoenix International Raceway, his third straight at Douglas County Speedway, Montana Raceway Park, Colorado National Speedway, and his third win at All-American Speedway.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led. ** – All laps led.)
K&N Pro Series East
K&N Pro Series West
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
NASCAR drivers
People from Escalon, California
Racing drivers from California
Insatiable is an American dark comedy-drama television series created by Lauren Gussis, starring Dallas Roberts and Debby Ryan. It is based on Jeff Chu's article "The Pageant King of Alabama", published in July 2014 in The New York Times Magazine. The first season premiered on Netflix on August 10, 2018. In September 2018, the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on October 11, 2019. In February 2020, Netflix cancelled the series after two seasons.
The series received negative reviews from critics, who called the show "offensive" and "insulting", but positive reviews from audiences, who praised the performances (especially Ryan, Roberts, and Alyssa Milano) and dark humor.
Plot
Patty Bladell is a teenager who was constantly bullied in school for being overweight. After being on a liquid diet for three months over summer vacation because of a violent run-in with a homeless man, she is now thin and seeks revenge on her bullies. A disgraced civil lawyer and obsessed beauty pageant coach, Bob Armstrong, notices Patty's potential and sets out to turn her into a beauty queen.
Cast and characters
Main
Dallas Roberts as Bob Armstrong Jr.
Debby Ryan as Patty Bladell
Christopher Gorham as Bob Barnard
Sarah Colonna as Angie Bladell
Erinn Westbrook as Magnolia Barnard
Kimmy Shields as Nonnie Thompson
Michael Provost as Brick Armstrong
Irene Choi as Dixie Sinclair
Alyssa Milano as Coralee Huggins-Armstrong
Arden Myrin as Regina Sinclair (season 2; recurring season 1)
Recurring
Daniel Kang as Donald Choi
Chloe Bridges as Roxy Buckley
Beverly D'Angelo as Stella Rose Buckley
Jordan Gelber as Sheriff Hank Thompson
James Lastovic as Christian Keene (season 1; guest season 2)
Christine Taylor as Gail Keene
Michael Ian Black as Pastor Mike Keene
Carly Hughes as Etta Mae Barnard
Ashley D. Kelley as Dee Marshall
Alex Landi as Henry Lee (season 2)
Vincent Rodriguez III as Detective Rudy Cruz (season 2)
Caroline Pluta as Heather Kristina Pamela Kendall Jackson Johnson (season 2)
Brett Rice as Robert Armstrong Sr.
Jon Lovitz as Father Schwartz
Robin Tunney as Brandylynn Huggens
Drew Scheid as Gary / Kid
William Baldwin (season 1) / Dana Ashbrook (season 2) as Gordy Greer
Gloria Diaz as Gloria Reyes (season 2)
Tommy Dorfman as Jonathan (season 2)
Katherine Manchester as Becky (season 2)
Shannon DeVido as Shannon (season 2)
Lance Bass as Brazen Moorehead (season 2)
Lucius Baston as Warden Winters (season 2)
Episodes
Season 1 (2018)
Season 2 (2019)
Production
A pilot for the series was ordered by The CW, but passed on before Netflix picked up the series. The series was filmed in Newnan, Georgia. Season 2 was filmed from early-March 2019 to late-June 2019. Season 2 only consisted of 10 episodes, compared to 12 episodes in the first season. On February 14, 2020, the series was cancelled after two seasons.
Release
On July 19, 2018, the trailer for the series was released. The first season of Insatiable premiered on Netflix on August 10, 2018.
On July 10, 2018, Netflix released the first teaser and the first images from the series.
Prior to the show's release, The Guardian reported on July 24, 2018, that over 100,000 people had signed an online petition on Change.org started on July 20, 2018, calling for Netflix to cancel Insatiable, accusing it of "fat shaming". Lauren Gussis, the show's creator, defended the show, saying it was based on her own experiences as a teenager. Alyssa Milano stated on Twitter, "We are not shaming Patty .. We are addressing (through comedy) the damage that occurs from fat-shaming." As of August 27, 2018, the petition had over 230,000 signatures.
Reception
The series has an approval rating of 11% based on 56 reviews from critics, with an average rating of 2.68/10 on Rotten Tomatoes. The site's critic consensus reads: "Broad stereotypes, clumsy social commentary, and a failed attempt at wokeness make Insatiable hard to swallow." Metacritic reported a score of 25 out of 100 for the series, based on reviews from 15 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable" reviews.
In negative reviews, Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter called the series "trite", "unfunny", and "a hot bloated mess", while Jen Chaney from Vulture called it "an equal opportunity trainwreck" replete with bad jokes about rape and pedophilia, and offensive stereotypes of African-Americans, Christians, Southerners and gay people.
Reviewer Linda Holmes of NPR said the show willfully misunderstood the realities of fat-shaming and the concerns of fat people like herself; arguing that being fat should be respected and treated with kindness: "Let me assure you: It is not satire. Insatiable is satire in the same way someone who screams profanities out a car window is a spoken-word poet."
Writer Roxane Gay called the show "lazy" and "insulting" in a Refinery29 piece, saying "Insatiable's greatest sin is that it suffers from a profound lack of imagination. The show cannot imagine that a straight man could truly love pageants and mentoring young women and be secure in his masculinity, or that a young lesbian could love herself enough to not fall in love with her straight best friend, or that a fat girl could be happy, healthy, and thriving without losing weight. Never does this show dare to imagine that maybe it was everyone else who had the problem when Patty was fat, not Patty herself. The show cannot imagine that perhaps, the most profound way Patty could seek vengeance would be to love herself at any size, to be seen by a love interest as lovable at any size, to see herself as beautiful because of, rather than despite, her fat body."
In an interview with Variety, star Debby Ryan stated that she listened to the body-positive podcast "She's All Fat" in preparation for the role. Responding via their Twitter account, hosts of the podcast Sophia Carter-Kahn and April K. Quioh stated: "We're not sure how our show could inspire a thin actress to don a fat suit as we've discussed at length how this very act is incredibly harmful to the fat community."
References
External links
2010s American black comedy television series
2010s American comedy-drama television series
2010s American high school television series
2010s American LGBT-related comedy television series
2010s American LGBT-related drama television series
2010s American teen drama television series
2018 American television series debuts
2019 American television series endings
Body image in popular culture
English-language television shows
English-language Netflix original programming
Television controversies in the United States
Television shows about eating disorders
Television series about beauty pageants
Television series about bullying
Television series about teenagers
Television series by CBS Studios
Television shows filmed in Georgia (U.S. state)
Television shows set in Georgia (U.S. state)
Works based on periodical articles
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1525.
Events
July – Michelangelo is in the process of working on the Laurentian Library in Florence.
September – William Tyndale's New Testament translation into English is made, but printing in Cologne is interrupted by anti-Lutheran forces. (Copies reach England in 1526.)
unknown dates
Printing of Huldrych Zwingli's New Testament 'Zürich Bible' translation into German by Christoph Froschauer begins.
Il Petrarco, Allesandro Vellutello's edition of Petrarch first appears. It will be reprinted 29 times in this century.
The anonymous early 14th-century poem King Alexander is first printed.
New books
Prose
Pietro Bembo – Prose nelle quali si ragiona della volgar lingua (Prose della volgar lingua)
Albrecht Dürer – Underweysung der Messung mit dem Zirckel und Richtscheyt (literally, "Instructions for Measuring with Compass and Ruler"; also known as The Four Books on Measurement or The Painter's Manual)
Francesco Giorgi – De harmonia mundi totius
Martin Luther – On the Bondage of the Will (De Servo Arbitrio)
Paracelsus – De septem puncti idolotriae christianae (On the Seven Points of Christian Idolatry)
Antonio Pigafetta – Relazione del primo viaggio intorno al mondo (Report on the First Voyage Around the World; partial publication in Paris)
The Twelve Articles: The Just and Fundamental Articles of All the Peasantry and Tenants of Spiritual and Temporal Powers by Whom They Think Themselves Oppressed
Drama
Niklaus Manuel Deutsch I – Der Ablasskrämer
Niccolò Machiavelli – Clizia
Poetry
Births
March 25 – Richard Edwardes, English choral singer, poet and playwright (died 1566)
Pir Roshan (بايزيد انصاري), Pashtun warrior poet (died 1582/5)
Jan van Casembroot, Flemish noble and poet (died 1568)
probable – Hans Wilhelm Kirchhof, German Landsknecht, baroque poet and translator (died c.1602)
Deaths
May 27 – Thomas Müntzer, German Protestant theologian, radical economist and poet (born c.1489) (executed)
approximate year – Jean Lemaire de Belges, Walloon poet and historian resident in France (born c.1473)
References
1525
1525 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Gay Retreat is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and starring Gene Cameron, Betty Francisco, Judy King, Sammy Cohen, Jerry Madden, and Holmes Herbert. The film was released by Fox Film Corporation on September 25, 1927.
Cast
Gene Cameron as Richard Wright
Betty Francisco as Betty Burnett
Judy King as Joan Moret
Sammy Cohen as Sam Nosenbloom
Jerry Madden as Jerry (as Jerry the Giant)
Holmes Herbert as Charles Wright
Ted McNamara as Ted McHiggins
Charles Gorman as Edward Fulton
Pal the Dog as Pal
Preservation
A print of the film survives at the EYE Film Institute Netherlands.
References
External links
1927 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
1927 films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Fox Film films
Films directed by Benjamin Stoloff
1920s American films
Sanjay Kumar (born 15 January 1976) is an Indian social/political activist. He is currently the deputy director of Aashray Adhikar Abhiyan, an organization in New Delhi that has worked for the rights of homeless people since 2000.
Kumar has been working in the fields of social work, social policy and research since 2000. His main focus typically lies on the issues of urban poverty, homelessness, underage employment, street dwelling children, old age pension, right to education, right to food and citizenship rights. Kumar is responsible for managing and implementing a campaign in Delhi with hundreds of volunteers to ensure access to shelters, health-care, skill development, and justice for marginalized people. He has been consistently organizing mass events/rallies, conducting census/surveys, documenting and researching interventions, establishing networks and advocacy groups with government departments, other NGOs, and movements. Kumar has been fighting against social inequality, discrimination and sensitizing civil society for the realization of the larger goal of poor people within India.
Kumar is also associated as a research scholar on the issue of homelessness with the Department of Social Work, University of Delhi.
Education
He is currently in the pursuit of a PhD in Homelessness from the University of Delhi. He has achieved a MSW (Master of Social Work), UGC, NET, a diploma in Journalism and Mass Communication, a diploma in Rural Development, BA (Honours) and MA in History.
Publications and documentations
Treatment of Homeless people with severe Mental Illness: Making a Difference
"Begharo Ki Karah" case studies of homeless people
"Meri Kahani Meri Jubani" The Testimonies of homeless people caught Under Bombay Prevention Of Beggary Act: published in "People Without A Nation" "Towards Reclaiming Our Humanity" - Published by his own NGO Aashray Adhikar Abhiyan
Awards and fellowship
Sanjay Kumar has received a scholarship for an emerging social entrepreneur from Leader Quest organization situated in London, UK (2007–08). He was also presented with a "True Legend Award" in 2016 by CNBC-TV 18. He has been a member in the Chief Electoral officer, GNCT of Delhi for Homeless people. Additionally, he also holds an award for an actively monitored and guided Night Shelter Volunteer's program (Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board) presented to him in 2015. Kumar was also awarded by UBM India Ltd. for the "Giving Back" NGO in 2013 at Mumbai, India.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Delhi politicians
Indian human rights activists
An animation database is a database which stores fragments of animations or human movements and which can be accessed, analyzed and queried to develop and assemble new animations. Given that the manual generation of a large amount of animation can be time consuming and expensive, an animation database can assist users in building animations by using existing components, and sharing animation fragments.
Early examples of animation databases include the system MOVE which used an object oriented database. Modern animation databases can be populated via the extraction of skeletal animations from motion capture data.
Other examples include crowd simulation in which a number of people are simulated as a crowd. Given that in some applications the people need to be walking at different speeds, say on a sidewalk, the animation database can be used to retrieve and merge different animated figures. The method is mainly known as "motion graphs".
Animation databases can also be used for "interactive storytelling" in which fragments of animations are retrieved from the animation database and are recycled to combine into new stories. For instance, the animation database called Animebase is used within the system Words Anime to help generate animations using recycled components. In this approach, the user may input words which form parts of a story and queries against the database help select suitable animation fragments. This type of system may indeed use two databases: an animation database, as well as a story knowledge database. The story knowledge database may use subjects, predicates and objects to refer to story fragments. The system then assists the user in matching between story fragments and animation fragments.
Animation databases can also be used for the generation of visual scenes using humanoid models. An example application has been the development of an animated humanoid-based sign language system to help the disabled.
Another application of an animation database is in the synthesis of idle motion for human characters. Human beings move all the time and in unique ways, and the presentation of a consistent and realistic set of idle motions for each character between different animation segments has been a challenge, e.g. each person has a unique way of standing and this needs to be represented in a realistic way throughout an animation. One of the problems is that idle motion affects all joints and simply showing statistical movements at each joint results in less than realistic portrayals. One approach to solving this problem is to use an animation database with a large set of pre-recorded human movements, and obtain the suitable patterns of motion from the database through statistical analysis.
References
Animation
Types of databases
The ash hills of West Azerbaijan Province are a series of 65 man-made hills on the shores of Lake Urmia, Iran. The hills are artificial mounds of earth consisting of layers of ash and soil. Each hill rises to a height of or more and covers an area large enough to have formed the foundations of small villages. One hill in particular, named Degalah, is described as "three or four hundred yards long, nearly as broad, and a hundred feet high."
The source of the ashes is not clearly understood, but the mounds are clearly of human making as human artefacts are often found among the ashes. The mounds are generally believed to have been from the ashes from Zoroastrian fire temples, accumulated over centuries. However, because other fire temple sites do not exhibit such associated ash hills, some have theorized that these sites might have been associated with ritual funeral pyres, according special treatment to the ashes of the dead. Burning of the dead is forbidden in the Avesta, the sacred text of Zoroastrianism, but based on writings in the Vendidad, occurred in Iran as recently as the Parthian era (CE 224).
References
History of West Azerbaijan Province
The Fireman's Curse is the second studio album by Australian rock band, Hunters & Collectors, which was released on 5 September 1983. It was co-produced by Konrad Plank and the band in Neunkirchen, Germany. The album peaked at No. 77 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart and No. 46 on the New Zealand Albums Chart. The lead single, "Judas Sheep", was released in August that year but failed to reach the Top 50 on the Australian singles chart, however it appeared in the top 40 in New Zealand.
It was the final album to feature percussionist Greg Perano, and the only album to feature guitarist Martin Lubran.
Background
The Fireman's Curse was prepared in June and July 1983, Hunters & Collectors had decamped from the United Kingdom, where they had been based while touring Europe for six months, to Neunkirchen, West Germany. There they recorded their second album, which was co-produced with Konrad 'Conny' Plank (Can, Cluster, Kraftwerk), at Conny's Studio, with Dave Hutchins engineering. It was released by White Label/Mushroom Records and Virgin Records on 5 September 1983.
{{quote|[Virgin] picked us up because of our commercial potential, because of our image. They saw us as having a groovy tribal funk post-nuclear Mad Max image. In actual reality ... we looked like a football team, like Australian boys. When they heard The Fireman's Curse (the second album), they dropped us because they didn't think it was commercial.|Mark Seymour (27 April 1986) |The Canberra Times}}
In Seymour's autobiography, Thirteen Tonne Theory: Life Inside Hunters and Collectors (2008), he recalled that their three-record deal with Virgin was broken when he and fellow band members insulted the label's executive, Simon Draper, by telling him that he was "a poncy little blueblood" with no faith in them. While in the UK and attempting to enter the local market, the group's members "were doing odd jobs, illegally, to keep afloat and getting steadily more miserable in the process". In the book, Seymour also describes this album as "an unmitigated disaster; an awful collection of tuneless songs full of twisted invective (mine, mostly) and apocalyptic moaning... The whole exercise was excruciatingly juvenile and a tragic waste of what could easily have been an international breakthrough record."
The album did not reach the top 50 in Australia, peaking at No. 77 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart but it did reach No. 46 on the New Zealand Albums Chart. Its lead single, "Judas Sheep", released in August, reached No. 35 in New Zealand but did not chart in Australia. They had supported their releases with an eight-week tour of Australia during August and September. After the second single, "Sway", released in November, failed to chart in both markets, the group disbanded briefly.
In July 1991 it was re-issued on CD by Mushroom Records and was subsequently re-mastered and re-issued by Liberation Music on 11 August 2003.
Reception
Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, felt The Fireman's Curse was "overly ambitious and cluttered, and generally suffered from a lack of fresh ideas". Fellow music journalist, Mark Dodshon of The Sydney Morning Herald'', predicted that it was "a likely winner" with their new material showing "there are no radical departures in musical style".
Track listing
Personnel
Credited to:
Hunters & Collectors members
John Archer – electric bass
Geoff Crosby – keyboards
Doug Falconer – drums
Martin Lubran – guitar
Robert Miles – live sound, art director
Greg Perano – percussion
Mark Seymour – guitar, lead vocals
Horns of Contempt members
Jack Howard – trumpet
Jeremy Smith – French horn
Michael Waters – trombone
Production details
Producer – Konrad Plank, Hunters & Collectors
Charts
References
Hunters & Collectors albums
1983 albums
Mushroom Records albums
The 2007 San Jose Grand Prix at Redback Raceway is the ninth round of the 2007 Champ Car World Series Season. It was held on July 29 at the Redback Raceway temporary street circuit, in San Jose, California.
Qualifying results
Sébastien Bourdais lead Friday's qualification session with a late fast lap near the end of qualifying. However he faded on Saturday due to some mechanical issues with his car and Justin Wilson posted the fast lap Saturday taking the pole. By virtue of his fast lap Friday Bourdais managed to maintain second position on the grid into the race.
Race
The first two editions of the San Jose Grand Prix were mostly processional affairs with little to no passing. The 2007 edition, on the other hand, proved to be a very competitive affair with the winner fighting through the field from 15th position on the starting grid. The race was reminiscent of the Cleveland race where Paul Tracy rebounded from early contact and pit stops to win the race, except this race was held on a tight street circuit and not on Cleveland's wide open airport runways. The recent introduction of a painted white line in certain corners to visually enforce Champ Car's "no blocking" rule has resulted in the unintended but happy consequence of increasing the possibility of overtaking.
The standing start went off without a hitch but trouble hit at the Turn 1 hairpin, where a logjam developed in the rear of the field. Robert Doornbos lurched into the back of Jan Heylen's car knocking off his own front wing. Meanwhile, Sébastien Bourdais made a mistake in Turn 2, allowing Justin Wilson to take the lead. Doornbos and Heylen pitted under the yellow resulting from their contact.
More trouble hit as the field was preparing to take the green flag. Second place runner Dan Clarke ran into the back of Justin Wilson's car on the Balbach straight. The rear suspension on Wilson's car was damaged, sending him to the pits. The damage was eventually repaired, but Wilson finished the race 20 laps off the leader. Clarke's day was done.
Oriol Servià took advantage of the misfortune in front of him and led until lap 34 when Neel Jani was able to pass him at Turn 1. The two drivers would continue to battle at or near the front of the race the rest of the day.
Doornbos, who had set off on an alternate strategy after his early pit stop, found himself in the lead for 12 laps after the main field made their first pit stop. Making the best use of the clear track and his light fuel load, Doornbos drove a series of fast laps and only dropped to third place behind Jani and Servià after his stop on lap 54.
On lap 64 Servià made a move on Jani in Turn 1, but was unable to make the pass stick. One lap later Servià tried the same move again, and this time was able keep Jani behind him as they drove out of the hairpin.
Paul Tracy running out of fuel on the Balbach straight on lap 76 provided a timely yellow flag for Doornbos who was then able to get back into the same pit sequence as the rest of the field. A very fast stop by his Team Minardi USA crew (and a bobble by Servià's) catapulted Doornbos into the lead in front of Jani.
Jani used his final Power to Pass allotment to overtake Doornbos on the restart. Unfortunately for him, Jani was driving this final stint on the soft Bridgestone "reds", and he was soon struggling for grip. With two seconds left on his own Power to Pass allotment, Doornbos slipped past Jani on lap 95 and drove away to the victory by six seconds. Despite his bad tires Jani was able to hold off Servià for second.
Box score
* Pagenaud assessed 25 second time penalties for blocking.
Caution flags
Lap leader breakdown
Total laps led
New Race Record Robert Doornbos : 1:45:07.617
Average Speed 88.123 mph
Championship standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included.
Attendance
Attendance for the 2007 San Jose Grand Prix was approximately 120,000 over the 3 day race weekend which was comparable to the 2006 edition of the race. Paid attendance was down slightly to 81,538 over the 3 day weekend from 83,248 the year before. However Champ Car race day attendance was up year over year to approximately 43,000 people.
References
External links
Full Weekend Times & Results
Race Box Score
Drivers Standings After Race
San Jose, California Grand Prix
San Jose, California
Sports in San Jose, California
Mimastra is a genus of skeletonizing leaf beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are more than 60 described species in Mimastra. They are found in Indomalaya and the Palearctic.
Species
These 69 species belong to the genus Mimastra:
Mimastra alternata (Jacoby, 1896)
Mimastra andrewesi Bezděk, 2010
Mimastra anicka Bezděk, 2011
Mimastra annadalei (Jacoby, 1905)
Mimastra aptera Takizawa, 1990
Mimastra arcuata Baly, 1865
Mimastra australis Takizawa, 1986
Mimastra badia Kimoto, 1989
Mimastra birmanica Bryant, 1954
Mimastra brevicollis (Allard, 1889)
Mimastra capitata Jacoby, 1887
Mimastra chennelli Baly, 1897
Mimastra costatipennis Jacoby, 1903
Mimastra cyanura (Hope, 1831)
Mimastra elegans (Allard, 1889)
Mimastra davidis (Fairmaire, 1878)
Mimastra fortipunctata Maulik, 1936
Mimastra fouqueorum Bezděk & Lee, 2012
Mimastra fulva Kimoto, 1983
Mimastra gracilicornis Jacoby, 1889
Mimastra gracilis Baly, 1878
Mimastra grahami Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963
Mimastra guerryi (Laboissière, 1929)
Mimastra hajeki Bezděk, 2017
Mimastra hsuehleeae Bezděk & Lee, 2012 (temperate Asia)
Mimastra itoi (Takizawa, 1986)
Mimastra jacobyi Bezděk, 2010
Mimastra javana (Weise, 1922)
Mimastra jelineki Bezděk, 2009
Mimastra kandyensis Maulik, 1936
Mimastra kremitovskyi Bezděk, 2009
Mimastra laotica Bezděk & Lee, 2012
Mimastra latimana Allard, 1890
Mimastra levmedvedevi Romantsov, 2017
Mimastra leyteana Medvedev, 1995
Mimastra longicornis (Allard, 1888)
Mimastra lunata (Kollar & Redtenbacher, 1844)
Mimastra maai (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1936)
Mimastra malvi (Chen, 1942)
Mimastra modesta (Fairmaire, 1889)
Mimastra nilgiriensis Bezděk, 2010
Mimastra nitida Maulik, 1936
Mimastra oblonga (Gyllenhal, 1808)
Mimastra pallida Jacoby, 1896
Mimastra parva (Allard, 1889)
Mimastra persimilis Kimoto, 1989
Mimastra platteeuwi (Duvivier, 1890)
Mimastra polita (Jacoby, 1889)
Mimastra procerula Zhang, Yang, Cui & Li, 2006
Mimastra pygidialis Laboissière, 1929
Mimastra quadrinotata (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963)
Mimastra quadripartita Baly, 1879
Mimastra riedeli Bezděk, 2009
Mimastra robusta Jacoby, 1887
Mimastra rugosa (Jacoby, 1886)
Mimastra schneideri Bezděk & Lee, 2012
Mimastra scutellata (Jacoby, 1904)
Mimastra semimarginata (Jacoby, 1886)
Mimastra shahidi (Abdullah & Qureshi, 1968)
Mimastra soreli Baly, 1878
Mimastra strejceki Bezděk, 2010
Mimastra submetallica (Jacoby, 1884)
Mimastra sumatrensis (Jacoby, 1896)
Mimastra suwai Takizawa, 1988
Mimastra tarsalis Medvedev, 2009
Mimastra tenuelimbata Lopatin, 2004
Mimastra terminata (Allard, 1889)
Mimastra uncitarsis Laboissière, 1940
Mimastra violaceipennis (Jacoby, 1884)
References
Galerucinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Taxa named by Joseph Sugar Baly
Ariel D. Procaccia is the Gordon McKay Professor of Computer Science at Harvard University. He was previously an associate professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University. He is known for his research in artificial intelligence (AI) and theoretical computer science, especially for his work on computational aspects of game theory, social choice, and fair division. He is the founder of Spliddit, a fair division website.
Biography
Procaccia received his Ph.D. summa cum laude in computer science from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 2009. His doctoral dissertation won the IFAAMAS Victor Lesser Distinguished Dissertation Award for the best dissertation in the area of autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. Subsequently, he was a postdoctoral researcher at Microsoft and Harvard University, where he was partially supported by a Rothschild Fellowship from Yad Hanadiv. In 2011, he joined the Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University as a faculty member. In spring 2020 he was on sabbatical at Carnegie Mellon University, where he was a faculty member until 2019.
Research and Awards
In 2015, Procaccia won the IJCAI Computers and Thought Award, given every two years since 1971 to an outstanding AI researcher under the age of 35, for "his contributions to the fields of computational social choice and computational economics, and for efforts to make advanced fair division techniques more widely accessible". He is a recipient of a 2015 Sloan Research Fellowship, a 2018 Guggenheim Fellowship, and the 2020 Social Choice and Welfare Prize.
Misc
Procaccia is an emeritus blogger on the popular algorithmic game theory blog "Turing's Invisible Hand."
References
External links
Home page at Carnegie Mellon University
Citations on Google Scholar
Living people
Israeli computer scientists
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Sloan Research Fellows
Hebrew University of Jerusalem School of Computer Science & Engineering alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fair division researchers
Saint-Cyr Johan Bakayoko (born 20 April 2003) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a forward for Jong PSV.
International career
Born in Belgium, Bakayoko is of Ivorian descent. He is a youth international for Belgium.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
PSV
Johan Cruyff Shield: 2022
References
External links
Belgium profile at Belgian FA
2003 births
Living people
People from Overijse
Belgian footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Black Belgian sportspeople
Belgian people of Ivorian descent
Belgian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Oud-Heverlee Leuven players
Club Brugge KV players
K.V. Mechelen players
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
PSV Eindhoven players
Jong PSV players
Eerste Divisie players
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Footballers from Flemish Brabant
CFCW may refer to:
CFCW (AM), a radio station (840 AM) licensed to Camrose, Alberta, Canada
CFCW-FM, a radio station (98.1 FM) licensed to Camrose, Alberta, Canada
This article contains a list of major international wire services.
See also
List of press release agencies
References
News agencies by country
William Augustus Whittlesey (July 14, 1796 – November 6, 1866) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1849 to 1851. He was the nephew of Elisha Whittlesey.
Biography
Born in Danbury, Connecticut, Whittlesey attended the common schools and was graduated from Yale College in 1816.
He was a tutor at the college.
He moved to Canfield, Ohio, in 1818.
He studied law at Canfield with Elisha Whittlesey, and later studied with Joshua Reed Giddings.
He was admitted to the bar in 1821 and commenced practice in Canfield.
He moved to Marietta, Ohio, in 1821.
Auditor of Washington County 1825–1837.
He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1839 and 1840.
In 1841 he formed a partnership with Charles B. Goddard of Zanesville.
Congress
Whittlesey was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first Congress (March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1851).
He did not seek renomination in 1850.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law.
He served as mayor of Marietta in 1856, 1860, and 1862.
He died in Brooklyn, New York, where he had gone for medical treatment, on November 6, 1866.
He was interred in Mound Cemetery, Marietta, Ohio.
Whittlesey was married to Jane Hobby, October 25, 1838. They had four children. Mrs. Whittlesey died February 10, 1896 at the home of her daughter in St. Cloud, Minnesota.
References
Sources
1796 births
1866 deaths
Yale College alumni
Politicians from Marietta, Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Mound Cemetery (Marietta, Ohio)
19th-century American politicians
People from Canfield, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Portugal national cerebral palsy football team represents Portugal in international competition. The team has appeared at four Paralympic Games, with their best finish being a silver medal at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona. At the most recent IFCPF World Championships, the team finished 11, winning their placement match against Australia on penalty kicks.
Background
Federaçao Portuguesa De Desporto Para Pessoas Com Deficiencia (FPDD) manages the national team. By 2016, Portugal had a national championship to support the national team and was active in participating in the IFCPF World Championships. National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015.
Ranking
Portugal was ranked eleventh in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. In November 2014, the team was ranked thirteenth. In August 2013, the team was ranked sixteenth. In September 2012, Portugal was ranked twenty-first. In July 2011, the team was ranked twenty-ninth.
Results
Portugal has participated in a number of international tournaments. At the Football 7-a-side International Tournament in Portugal in 2011, Portugal lost to Canada 7 - 0. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Canada, Iran, Northern Ireland, Australia, Venezuela, Japan, Republic of South Korea, Germany, Denmark, and Spain.
IFCPF World Championships
Portugal has participated in the IFCPF World Championships.
Paralympic Games
Portugal has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games, appearing at the 1984, 1992, 1996 and 2000 editions. Their best finish was a silver medal in Barcelona in 1992.
Paralympic Results
References
Cerebral Palsy
Portugal at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1984 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Hamilton Bus Station is a bus station that serves Hamilton, a large town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Overview
Managed by the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport, Hamilton Bus Station is ideally situated. It is next to the two Hamilton shopping malls, New Cross and Regent (both of which are located in the heart of Hamilton Town Centre), and is located within a densely populated area (around 350,000 live within of the station). The travel centre is also located across from the entrance to the station. As well as this, the towns main railway station, Hamilton Central, is situated right next to the bus station cafe, offering daily services to stations such as Glasgow Central and Edinburgh Waverley.
Hamilton bus station is operational 24 hours a day. The station is also equipped with telephone boxes, toilets and a taxi rank, as well as 24-hour CCTV monitoring. There are also monitor displays inside the travel centre notifying arrivals/departures. The bus station is wheelchair accessible, and there is car-parking located to the west of the station.
There are a wide range of bus companies that stop at any of the 16 stands at the station, some of which travel nationwide. Some of them include First Glasgow, Stagecoach West Scotland and National Express.
Renovations
On 18 March 2010, South Lanarkshire Council approved a major upgrade on Hamilton Bus station which would modernize the station and improve the links to the station with the nearby railway station and taxi rank. Also included were 14 bus stances, 3 coach stances, installation of electronic information screens, extra parking spaces and waiting areas. The upgrade got underway in late 2011, and work lasted for over a year.
References
External links
SPT's Hamilton bus station page
Buildings and structures in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire
Bus stations in Scotland
Transport in South Lanarkshire
John Maffey or Massey (fl. 1414) of New Romney, Kent, was an English Member of Parliament for New Romney in November 1414.
References
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
15th-century English people
People from New Romney
English MPs November 1414
Parfitt may refer to:
Andy Parfitt (born 1958), British businessman
Bill Parfitt, British businessman
Clarence Parfitt (born 1944), Bermudian and Scottish cricketer
Chris Parfitt, American guitarist
Cyril Parfitt (1914–2011), British artist
David Parfitt (born 1958), film producer and actor
Fred Parfitt (1869–1953), Welsh rugby player
Harold Parfitt (Panama Canal) (1921–2006), Governor of the Panama Canal Zone, 1975-1979
Harold Parfitt (Scouting) (1881–?)
Jade Parfitt (born 1978), British model and presenter
Judy Parfitt (born 1935), English actress
Peter Parfitt (born 1936), English cricketer
Rick Parfitt (1948–2016), English musician
Robin Parfitt (1946–2006), English educator
Thomas Parfitt (1911–1984), bishop of Madagascar
Tudor Parfitt (born 1944), British historian, broadcaster and adventurer
See also
Parfit
Parfait
Parlett
Andrew Rogers is a contemporary sculptor born in Australia whose works may be found in many plazas and buildings around the world. Rogers is the creator of the world's largest contemporary land art undertaking. Titled "Rhythms of Life," the project commenced in 1998 and at present comprises 51 massive stone structures across 16 countries on seven continents and has involved over 7,500 people.
Rhythms of Life land art project
The title of the project, the "Rhythms of Life" is derived from Rogers' early bronze sculptures.
Of particular note is a site in Cappadocia, Turkey, where between 2007 and 2011 Rogers completed the "Time and Space" geoglyph park. The thirteen structures comprise more than 10,500 tons of stone and, in total, the walls measure approximately in length. The structures that lie the furthest apart are separated by a distance of .
Rogers' "Rhythms of Life" project is the largest contemporary land-art undertaking in the world, forming a chain of 51 stone sculptures, or geoglyphs, around the globe: 18 sites in disparate exotic locations from below sea level and up to altitudes of . Up to three geoglyphs, ranging in size up to , are located at each site. To date the project has involved over 7,500 people in 16 countries across seven continents.
Monumental geoglyphs have been constructed since 1998, forming a chain of 51 drawings on the earth visible from space. Outside Melbourne, in Geelong, a "Rhythms of Life" site was commissioned in association with the 2006 Commonwealth Games. In China the "Rhythms of Life" walls stretch .
In the book "Andrew Rogers Geoglyphs Rhythms of Life", author Eleanor Heartney, New York-based, award-winning art writer and independent art critic, describes Rogers' land art undertaking:
"The geographic and historic sweep of the works constructed as part of the Rhythms of Life project is unprecedented in its scale and ambition. Taken together, the geoglyphs have been erected in every kind of climate, and have responded to geographical environments as distinct as Nepal's Himalayan Mountains, China's Gobi Desert, the volcanic mountains of Iceland and the harsh Israeli desert."
According to Hannes Sigurdsson, Director of the Akureyri Art Museum in Iceland:
"The Rhythms of Life project by Australian artist Andrew Rogers is the largest contemporary land-art project in the world, forming a chain of stone sculptures, or geoglyphs, around the globe. Monumental geoglyphs have been constructed in ten countries to date: Israel, Chile, Bolivia, Sri Lanka, Australia, Iceland, China, India, Turkey and Nepal. Future locations will include the United States, United Kingdom, Eastern Europe and Africa. By completion, the project will have involved over 5,000 people on six continents. The Rhythms of Life sculptures are optimistic metaphors for the eternal cycle of life and regeneration, expressive and suggestive of human striving and introspection. The geoglyphs embrace a wide cultural vision that links memory and various symbols derived from ancient rock carvings, paintings and legends in each region; they punctuate time and extend history into the distant future while delving into the depths of our heritage in pursuit of the spiritual. The exhibition at the Akureyri Art Museum in Iceland is the first general survey of the project".
Lilly Wei, an independent curator based in New York City, writes:
"Rogers believes that accelerating environmental changes with their potentially catastrophic consequences are much less avoidable these days and therefore much more heeded. Hopefully, he is right. Since the inception of his geoglyphs, it has been one of the artist's purposes to point to the irreplaceable beauties of the earth, both existent and man-made. By creating contemporary megaliths as markers, Rogers insists on the need to preserve this natural and artistic heritage for ourselves and for the future".
Three examples of the 'Rhythms of Life' geoglyphs are:
"The Ancients" This geoglyph is derived from a "pictureglyph" of a pre-Columbian deity known as "El Señor de los Báculos" located in the Rio Loa area near Calama, Chile. The pictureglyph is attributed to the Tiwanaku (also spelled Tiahuanaco) culture that developed between the years 300 and 900 AD. The geoglyph is located at an altitude of above sea level, on the Llano de la Paciencia (Plain of Patience), 13 km from the town of San Pedro de Atacama.
The stone walls forming this geoglyph, constructed from volcanic rock and clay, are long.
This image forms part of the pastoral cosmology. The sun cuts across this "pictureglyph" at the solstice.
"The Rhythms of Life" This geoglyph is located at on the Cordillera de la Sal (Salt Mountains), which rise from the Llano de la Paciencia, and form the head of the Valle de la Luna (Valley of the Moon), a geological formation of lunar appearance, approximately 14 km from the town of San Pedro de Atacama.
"Ancient Language" This geoglyph is about high, and is inspired by an Aguadan (700-900AD) petroglyph carved into stone at the Pampa Vizcachilla archaeological site, in the surrounding area of Yerbas Buenas, 20 km from the Rio Grande.
Satellite Imagery
Rogers' works are of such proportions that they have been captured in photographs taken by satellite from distances between 440 and 770 km (273–480 miles) above the earth's surface. They can be easily observed in Google Earth's satellite imagery which has been used to create a tour of the 'Rhythms of Life' Land art project.
Works
Solo exhibitions and displays
2019—Scott Livesey Galleries, Armadale, Victoria, Australia: Kairos
2019—Dominik Mersch Gallery, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia: Frisson
2019—Deakin University Art Gallery, Burwood, Victoria, Australia: Retrospective Andrew Rogers Evolution
2018—National Gallery of Australia, Canberra, Australia: Andrew Rogers maquettes and Sculptures 1996-2016
2017—European Cultural Centre, Collateral Exhibition to the 57th Venice Biennale, Palazzo Mora, Venice, Italy: We Are
2017—National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne, Australia: We Are
2017—Mossgreen Gallery, Armadale, Victoria, Australia: We Are
2015—Geelong Gallery, Geelong, Australia: Geoglyphs - the land art projects of Andrew Rogers
2015—McClelland Sculpture Park+Gallery, Langwarrin, Australia: Andrew Rogers A Retrospective -
Maquettes 1996-2015
2014—University of Sydney, Australia: individuals, donated from artist, found in front of the Faculty of Law Building
2013—Dag Hammarskjold Plaza, City of New York, New York, USA: Individuals, May - September
2013—Elgiz Cagdas Sanat Müzesim, Istanbul, 18 April – 18 June
2012—Center for Contemporary Arts Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA: Rhythms of Life
2012—Aidekman Arts Center, Tufts University Art Gallery, Massachusetts, USA: Global Land Art: Projects by Andrew Rogers
2012—Hammer gallery, Zurich, Switzerland: Rhythms of Life
2012—Nevada Museum of Art, Nevada, USA: Andrew Rogers Contemporary Geoglyphs
2011—Art Gallery, Istanbul, Turkey: Andrew Rogers Time and Space
2011—Momentum, Berlin, Germany: Time and Space: Drawing on the Earth
2011—18th Street Arts Center, Santa Monica, California USA: Time and Space
2009—White Box Gallery, New York, USA: Andrew Rogers: Odysseys and Sitings (1998–2008)
2008—William Mora Galleries, Richmond, Australia
2007—Poprad, Slovakia: Rhythms of Life I-VII
2007—Akureyri Art Museum, Akureyri, Iceland: Rhythms of Life I-VII
2007—James Gray Gallery, Santa Monica, California USA
2007—William Mora Gallery, Richmond, Australia
2005—Victorian Arts Centre, Melbourne, Australia
2004—Grounds for Sculpture, New Jersey, U.S.A.
2004—Gomboc Sculpture Park, W.A. Australia
2003—Deakin University "Rhythms of Life" Survey Exhibition, Victoria, Australia
2002—Auronzo di Cadore, Italy
2002—Le Venezie, Treviso, Italy
2002—Mudima Foundation, Milan, Italy
1999—Boritzer Gray Hamano, Santa Monica, California, USA "Rhythms of Life"
1998—Embassy of Australia, Washington, United States of America, "Rhythms of Life"
1997—Lauraine Diggins Fine Art, Victoria, Australia, "Rhythms of Life"
1994—Meridian Gallery, Victoria, Australia "Of Freedom & Will"
1993—Meridian Gallery, Victoria, Australia "Mankind in the Gesture of an Individual"
Selected group exhibitions
2019—Desert x 2019, Parallel Project, Rhythms of Life, Yucca Valley, California, USA
2018—Sculpture by the Sea, Bondi, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2018—The Wynne Exhibition, Art Gallery of New South Wales, Australia
2017—Sculpture by the Sea, Bondi, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2017—Sculpture by the Sea, Barangaroo, Sydney, NSW Australia
2017—Mossgreen Gallery, Armadale, Victoria, Australia* 2016—Sculpture Inside, Sculpture by the Sea, Cottesloe, WA, Australia
2015—Sculpture by the Sea, Bondi, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2015—Gasworks, Victoria, Australia: From Nature* 2014—Sculpture By the Sea, Sculpture Inside, Cottesloe, WA, Australia
2014—Lorne Sculpture Biennale, Victoria, Australia
2013—Art Miami, Miami, Florida, USA
2013—Sculpture by the Sea, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2013—Sydney Contemporary, Sydney, Australia
2013—Pulse Art Fair, New York, USA
2013—Art Stage Singapore, Singapore
2012—Scope Basel, Switzerland
2012—The Wynne Exhibition, Art Gallery of New South Wales
2011—The Sculpture Foundation and the City of West Hollywood, California USA: Elemental
2011—Sculpture by the Sea, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2011—Sculpture by the Sea, Aarhus, Denmark
2011—Scope Basel, Switzerland
2011—Rassegna Internazionale Di Scultura Di Roma
2010—Art Basel, Miami, USA
2010—Sculpture by the Sea, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2010—Scope Basel, Switzerland
2010—Art Karlsruhe, Germany
2009—Yeshiva University Museum, New York, USA
2008—Soho Galleries, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2007—Sculpture By the Sea, Cottesloe, WA, Australia
2007—Soho Galleries, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2007—Corniche Art Fair, Venice, Italy
2006—Soho Galleries, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2005—Soho Galleries, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2004—Soho Galleries, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2004—Geelong Art Gallery, Victoria, Australia
2003—Soho Galleries, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2002—Art Singapore - Contemporary Asian Art, Singapore
2002—Soho Galleries, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2001—Sofa, Chicago, USA
1998—Grounds for Sculpture, New Jersey, USA
1998—La Trobe University, Victoria, Australia
1997—Sculpture at Heidelberg Medical Centre, Victoria, Australia
1994—4th Australian Contemporary Art Fair
Awards (finalist)
2018—Wynne Prize, Art Gallery of New South Wales
2014—McClelland Contemporary Sculpture Survey & Award, Langwarrin, Victoria, Australia
2012—Mt Buller Sculpture Award, Victoria, Australia
2012—Wynne Prize, Art Gallery of New South Wales
2012—McClelland Contemporary Sculpture Survey & Award, Langwarrin, Victoria, Australia
2011—Sculpture by the Sea, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2011—Sculpture by the Sea, Aarhus, Denmark
2010—Sculpture by the Sea, Sydney, NSW, Australia
2007—Contempora2, Sculpture Award at Docklands, Melbourne, Australia
2007—Sculpture by the Sea, Cottesloe, WA, Australia
2006—Sculpture by the Sea
2005—McClelland Contemporary Sculpture Survey & Award
2004—Chicago Navy Pier Walk
2004—Helen Lempriere National Sculpture Award
2003—McClelland Survey and Sculpture Park, Victoria, Australia
2002—Sculpture by the Sea, Sydney, NSW, Australia
References
External links
20th-century Australian sculptors
Living people
21st-century Australian sculptors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Travis Clay Lakins Sr. (born June 29, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization. Listed at and , he throws and bats right-handed. He made his MLB debut in 2019 with the Boston Red Sox.
Career
Lakins attended Franklin High School. Lakins played college baseball for the Ohio State Buckeyes, and in 2014, he pitched a perfect game for the Chillicothe Paints, a collegiate summer baseball team.
Boston Red Sox
The Red Sox selected Lakins in the sixth round of the 2015 MLB Draft, signing him for an above-slot bonus of $320,000. Lakins struck out three batters in two shutout innings during his only appearance with the Class A Short Season Lowell Spinners in 2015. He then pitched for the GCL Red Sox, but only in the playoffs. In his brief stint, Lakins showed a quick arm from a three-quarters arm slot, offering a three-pitch mix with a fastball-curveball-changeup combination, with his fastball sitting at and topping out at 96 with a bit of sink and run. The curveball flashed plus-potential at with two-plane, tight rotation and hard snap, while the changeup ranged and also showed plus potential with late dive away from left-handed hitters when down in the zone. He also used a heavy mix of curveballs and changeups both early and behind in counts, showing consistency with the secondaries pitches and refined command and control overall.
In 2016, Lakins was promoted two levels up to the Class A-Advanced Salem Red Sox. In the month of April, he led the Salem pitching staff with a 3–1 record and a 2.13 ERA in four starts, striking out 26 and walking 10 in innings of work. In early August, Lakins was placed on the disabled list with right elbow inflammation and did not pitch for the rest of the season. He went 6–3 in 19 starts and a relief appearance, featuring a 5.93 ERA with 79 strikeouts and 36 walks in 91 innings.
Lakins spent 2017 with both Salem and the Double-A Portland Sea Dogs, posting a combined 5–4 record with a 4.21 ERA in innings between both teams. He finished the year rated as the Red Sox' No. 13 prospect, according to MLB.com. Lakins started the 2018 season with Double-A Portland. At the end of July, he was promoted to the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox. Overall for the 2018 season, Lakins made 36 appearances, compiling a record of 3–2 with an ERA of 2.32 and three saves.
The Red Sox added Lakins to their 40-man roster after the 2018 season. Lakins opened the 2019 season with Pawtucket, and on April 23, he was added to Boston's major league active roster for the first time. He made his MLB debut that day, pitching innings against the Detroit Tigers while allowing one run and striking out two. Lakins was optioned to Pawtucket on April 26. He was recalled on May 23 and optioned back on May 29, then recalled on June 12 and optioned back on June 17. Boston next recalled Lakins on August 12, and optioned him back to Pawtucket on August 20. Lakins was recalled to Boston on September 1, when rosters expanded. Overall with the 2019 Red Sox, Lakins appeared in 16 games (three starts), compiling an 0–1 record with 3.86 ERA and 18 strikeouts in innings.
Lakins was designated for assignment by the Red Sox on January 17, 2020.
Baltimore Orioles
Lakins was traded on January 21, 2020, to the Chicago Cubs for future considerations. He was claimed off waivers by the Baltimore Orioles on January 31. He was informed of the transaction while on a late-honeymoon cruise with his wife. In 22 appearances for the Orioles in 2020, Lakins pitched to a 2.81 ERA and 25 strikeouts over innings.
On June 29, 2021, Lakins made his first start of the season, but left in the second inning with an apparent injury. On July 3, he was placed on the 60-day injured list with right elbow pain, although manager Brandon Hyde described the injury as a “significant elbow injury”. On July 6, Lakins underwent season-ending surgery to fix a recurrent olecranon stress fracture in his right elbow. In 24 appearances with the 2021 Orioles prior to his injury, Lakins recorded a 1–4 record and 5.79 ERA. On October 14, Lakins was outrighted off of the 40-man roster.
On April 15, 2022, Lakins' contract was selected by the Orioles. He was sent outright on August 31, 2022.
Personal life
Lakins has been married since 2017; he and his wife have a daughter and a son (Travis Lakins Jr.).
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Franklin, Ohio
Baseball players from Ohio
Major League Baseball pitchers
Boston Red Sox players
Baltimore Orioles players
Ohio State Buckeyes baseball players
Lowell Spinners players
Salem Red Sox players
Portland Sea Dogs players
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Norfolk Tides players
Michael Hills (born 22 January 1963) is a retired British flat racing jockey. He is twin brother to Richard Hills and their father is racehorse trainer Barry Hills.
Michael has a series of hobbies, such as darts and snooker, he also breeds Canaries and Finches
Michael is sponsored by Carraig Insurance.
Personal life
Michael is happily married to Chris Hills and has a daughter- Samantha Hills who works for RacingBreaks.com – Racing Days and Hotel Stays.
Chris is Australian and the Racing secretary at Rebel Racing.
British career wins
1979 – 5
1980 – 13
1981 – 10
1982 – 15
1983 – 39
1984 – 41
1985 – 39
1986 – 40
1987 – 75
1988 – 76
1989 – 77
1990 – 61
1991 – 65
1992 – 91
1993 – 86
1994 – 89
1995 – 74
1996 – 80
1997 – 84
1998 – 61
1999 – 92
2000 – 73
2001 – 58
2002 – 65
2003 – 57
2004 – 66
2005 – 56
2006 – 69
2007 – 50
2008 – 47
2009 – 57
Major wins
Great Britain
Ascot Gold Cup – (1) – Arcadian Heights (1994)
Champion Stakes – (1) – Storming Home (2002)
Coronation Stakes – (2) – Rebecca Sharp (1997), Maids Causeway (2005)
Derby – (1) – Shaamit (1996)
Dewhurst Stakes – (4) – Huntingdale (1985), Scenic (1988, dead heat), In Command (1996), Distant Music (1999)
Fillies' Mile – (1) – Silk Slippers (1989)
Golden Jubilee Stakes – (2) – Owington (1994), Royal Applause (1997)
Haydock Sprint Cup – (2) – Royal Applause (1997), Red Clubs (2007)
King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes – (1) – Pentire (1996)
King's Stand Stakes – (1) – Equiano (2010)
Lockinge Stakes – (1) – First Island (1997)
Middle Park Stakes – (2) – First Trump (1993), Dark Angel (2007)
Nassau Stakes – (1) – Ryafan (1997)
Nunthorpe Stakes – (2) – Handsome Sailor (1988), La Cucaracha (2005)
Prince of Wales's Stakes – (1) – First Island (1996)
Queen Anne Stakes – (1) – Nicolotte (1995)
Sun Chariot Stakes – (1) – Spinning Queen (2006)
Sussex Stakes – (1) – First Island (1996)
France
Prix de l'Abbaye de Longchamp – (1) – Handsome Sailor (1988)
Prix d'Ispahan – (1) – Sasuru (1997)
Prix Jean Prat – (1) – Golden Snake (1999)
Prix Morny – (1) – Hoh Magic (1994)
Hong Kong Cup – (1) – First Island (1996)
Ireland
Irish 1,000 Guineas – (2) – Nicer (1993), Hula Angel (1999)
Irish Champion Stakes – (1) – Pentire (1995)
Matron Stakes – (1) – Pixie Erin (1987)
National Stakes – (1) – Lockton (1986)
Pretty Polly Stakes – (1) – Lady Upstage (2000)
Italy
Premio Vittorio di Capua – (1) – Nicolotte (1995)
United Arab Emirates
Dubai Golden Shaheen – (1) – State City (2003)
India
The Clash of the Titans Thumbelina Trophy – (1)
- Bonjour Tristesse (2000)
See also
List of jockeys
References
1963 births
English jockeys
Living people
People educated at Cokethorpe School
Lester Award winners
British Champion apprentice jockeys
Twin sportspeople
Bjarni Halldórsson (c. 1703 – 1773) was an Icelandic legal figure and theologian. He is best known for being a county magistrate. He first lived in Víðidalstungu but most of his life he lived in Þingeyrar.
References
Jón Espólín: Íslands Árbækur í sögu-formi. X. deild, prentað á kostnað ens íslenzka Bókmenntafélags, Kaupmannahöfn 1848. Blaðsíða 34. (Ljósprentuð 2. útgáfa 1947.)
18th-century Icelandic judges
Icelandic theologians
1703 births
1773 deaths
Milind Naik is an Indian Politician from the state of Goa. He was a Member of the Goa Legislative Assembly representing the Mormugao constituency.
Ministry
He was a minister in the Laxmikant Parsekar led government in Goa.
Portfolios
Urban Development
Social Welfare
Provedoria
Controversies
Milind Naik was not in favour of a lockdown in July 2020, while Mormugaon town city council, local businesses, market committees as well as other BJP MLAs appealed for a voluntary lockdown. It has been reported that allegedly, the lockdown has not been imposed in order to allow the transportation of coal and other minerals from Mormugao Port Trust.
References
Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
Living people
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Goa
People from Vasco da Gama, Goa
Goa MLAs 2017–2022
Year of birth missing (living people)
Idlewild, also known as the Downman House, was a historic home located at Fredericksburg, Virginia. It was built in 1859; a fire in April 2003 destroyed most of the interior and collapsed the roof. It was a -story, Gothic Revival-style brick dwelling with an English basement and an irregular "T" shape with a center passage plan. The house was topped by a steep slate gable roof.
Also on the property at present are three contributing brick dependencies and a contributing pet cemetery. During the American Civil War, Idlewild became a prominent landmark on May 4, 1863, during battle action related to the Chancellorsville campaign. On that evening Confederate General Robert E. Lee used the house as his headquarters, after being initially occupied that day by Federal troops of the Union Sixth Corps.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
History
Idlewild Mansion in Fredericksburg, Virginia is also called Downman House. It is an excellent example of the American Gothic Revival style popular in the mid-1800s. Idlewild was built in 1859 by William Yates Downman, a blue blooded Virginian whose family seat was Belle Isle in Lancaster County.
It is thought that perhaps the style and name of Mr. Downman's house was inspired by the well-known editor and writer Nathaniel Parker Willis. Willis built a large Gothic styled "cottage" over looking a steep gorge in the Hudson River Valley in 1846. When he first viewed the property, the sellers told him it was nothing but "an idle wild of which nothing could ever be made". As a result, the new home was named "Idlewild". Many of Willis' writings made reference to his beloved home and in 1855 he published a popular book entitled "Outdoors At Idlewild". The book featured a drawing of a large Gothic styled mansion on its cover. William Downman may easily have been inspired to create his own Idlewild when he began building his new home for his growing family.
William and his wife Mary Ann Hayes Downman had three young children when they moved into their new home. Their oldest daughter Anne Hayes (Nannie) Downman would grow up and marry R. Innes Taylor of nearby Fall Hill. Sophia Chinn Downman would marry architect Marion Dimmock of Richmond. First born son Joseph Henry Downman (named after William's father) would die only a few days after his birth. John Yates Downman dedicated his life to the ministry and would be the last surviving member of the family and the last family owner of Idlewild. Rawleigh William Downman was the first son to be born at Idlewild but would pass away at the early age of twenty one while visiting relatives in Baltimore. James Hayes Downman would become a successful New York businessman who came back to Fredericksburg where he died while visiting sister Nannie at her home at Fall Hill. Mary Ann had the first Tiffany stained glass window in St. George's Church in Fredericksburg installed in memory of these two sons. In later years, Mary Ann, Nannie and Sophia moved back to their "city home" on Caroline Street in Fredericksburg. Mary Ann would be Fredericksburg's oldest resident when she died in the 1920s.
Idlewild served as Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee's headquarters on May 4–5, 1863, during the Civil War's Chancellorsville campaign. With its location just west of Fredericksburg, the mansion and its grounds were often the site of skirmishes and occupations by troops of both sides. Mention is made of some of the incidents in the "practice" letters of daughter Sophia who jotted down her correspondence in her father's old notebooks - one volume of which recently found its way back to Fredericksburg. (This little book and its writings was the subject of an article written by local historian and Idlewild advocate Donna Chasen.)
Damage by fire
Idlewild has been in ruins since it burned in April 2003 after vandals set it on fire. Idlewild again suffered damage from a smaller porch fire in August 2006. An earthquake on August 23, 2011, damaged the chimneys in the main house and leveled the two chimneys on the summer kitchen. The brick walls of the house have been braced with steel beams and remained basically unharmed by the quake. Considering, the house remains in stable condition.there are many theories to how the Downman house burned down the most likely being vandals. There are others such as homeless campers who set up a fire in the weakest fireplace.
Official recognition
The property has been added to the Virginia Landmarks Register and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in June 2009.
Local surroundings
The mansion sits on a hill overlooking Hazel Run. Three period dependencies remain: a summer kitchen, a meathouse and a laundry. It is thought that brick walkways remain connecting the main house to these outbuildings but further archaeological research would be necessary to confirm this. The land directly surrounding the mansion remains intact with older milking sheds, corn cribs and other non-contributing structures in place. It is well shielded by trees from the surrounding development.
A large planned community, called The Village of Idlewild, has been built centered around the mansion in recent years.
References
External links
Article Idlewild In Ruins, But Still Proud
Article Idlewild Struck by Fire Again
Article No Action Soon for City's Idlewild Mansion
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Gothic Revival architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1859
Houses in Fredericksburg, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fredericksburg, Virginia
In human anatomy, the infraorbital foramen is one of two small holes in the skull's upper jawbone (maxillary bone), located below the eye socket and to the left and right of the nose. Both holes are used for blood vessels and nerves. In anatomical terms, it is located below the infraorbital margin of the orbit. It transmits the infraorbital artery and vein, and the infraorbital nerve, a branch of the maxillary nerve. It is typically from the infraorbital margin.
Structure
Forming the exterior end of the infraorbital canal, the infraorbital foramen communicates with the infraorbital groove, the canal's opening on the interior side.
The ramifications of the three principal branches of the trigeminal nerve—at the supraorbital, infraorbital, and mental foramen—are distributed on a vertical line (in anterior view) passing through the middle of the pupil. The infraorbital foramen is used as a pressure point to test the sensitivity of the infraorbital nerve. Palpation of the infraorbital foramen during an extraoral examination or an administration of a local anesthetic agent will cause soreness to the area.
See also
Foramina of the skull
Additional images
References
External links
()
(closeup)
(distance)
Upstate.edu
Foramina of the skull
Chino Valley High School is a high school in Chino Valley, Arizona, United States. It is the only high school under the jurisdiction of the Chino Valley Unified School District.
Notable alumni
Andy Pratt, former MLB player (Atlanta Braves, Chicago Cubs)
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Yavapai County, Arizona
1989 establishments in Arizona
Events from the year 1751 in Great Britain.
Incumbents
Monarch – George II
Prime Minister – Henry Pelham (Whig)
Parliament – 10th
Events
25 March – legally New Year's Day for the last time in England and Wales.
31 March – Frederick, Prince of Wales dies at Leicester House, London from a lung injury and is succeeded by his son the future George III of the United Kingdom as heir apparent to the throne; three weeks later George is made Prince of Wales. George's mother, Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha, becomes Dowager Princess of Wales.
April – the Gin Act requires government inspection of distilleries and restricts sale to licensed premises.
27 May – adoption of the Gregorian calendar: royal assent is given to An Act for Regulating the Commencement of the Year; and for Correcting the Calendar now in Use (the "Calendar Act") passed by Parliament, introducing the Gregorian Calendar, correcting the eleven-day difference between Old Style and New Style dates and making 1 January legally New Year's Day from 1752 in the British Empire. It is largely promoted by George Parker, 2nd Earl of Macclesfield.
4 June – Dr John Wall and partners establish a porcelain factory in Worcester, "The Worcester Tonquin Manufactory", the origin of Royal Worcester.
31 August – Robert Clive takes the Indian town of Arcot from the French.
20 October – Charles, Duke of Bolton, marries celebrated actress Lavinia Fenton, already the mother of his three children.
3 December – Battle of Arnee: Robert Clive defeats a Franco-Indian force.
Undated
A British settlement is founded in Georgetown in North America.
Newcastle Infirmary founded in Newcastle upon Tyne.
A new Lizard Lighthouse is built in Cornwall.
William Hogarth engraves the prints Gin Lane, Beer Street and The Four Stages of Cruelty.
Publications
15 February – Thomas Gray's Elegy Written in a Country Church-Yard (anonymously).
Henry Fielding's novel Amelia.
Eliza Haywood's novel The History of Miss Betsy Thoughtless.
David Hume's book An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals.
Tobias Smollett's novel The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle.
Births
31 January – Priscilla Wakefield (née Bell), Quaker writer and philanthropist (died 1832)
2 May – John André, soldier (died 1780)
4 June – John Scott, 1st Earl of Eldon, Lord Chancellor (died 1838)
11 July – Caroline Matilda of Great Britain, posthumously-born daughter of Frederick, Prince of Wales and later queen consort of Denmark (died 1775)
30 October – Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Irish-born dramatist and politician (died 1816)
14 November – Capel Lofft, lawyer, writer and astronomer (died 1824 in France)
date unknown
John Bowles, political writer and lawyer (died 1819)
Helen Craik, Scottish novelist and poet (died 1825) (probable year)
Thomas Sheraton, furniture designer (died 1806)
Deaths
20 January – John Hervey, 1st Earl of Bristol, politician (born 1665)
29 March – Thomas Coram, sea captain and philanthropist (born c.1668)
31 March
Frederick, Prince of Wales (born 1707)
Robert Walpole, 2nd Earl of Orford (born 1701)
9 June – John Machin, mathematician and astronomer (b. c.1686)
22 August – Andrew Gordon, Scottish-born Benedictine monk, physicist and inventor (born 1712)
2 October – Thomas Mathews, Welsh admiral (born 1676)
26 October – Philip Doddridge, nonconformist religious leader (born 1702)
12 December – Henry St John, 1st Viscount Bolingbroke, statesman and philosopher (born 1678)
17 December – Sir William Gooch, 1st Baronet, Governor of Virginia (born 1681)
19 December – Louise of Great Britain, English-born queen of Frederick V of Denmark (born 1724)
References
Years in Great Britain
The 1989 Big East men's basketball tournament took place at Madison Square Garden in New York City, from March 9 to March 12, 1989. Its winner received the Big East Conference's automatic bid to the 1989 NCAA Tournament. It is a single-elimination tournament with four rounds. Georgetown had the best regular season conference record and received the #1 seed.
Georgetown defeated Syracuse in the championship game 88–79, to claim its sixth Big East Tournament championship.
Bracket
First round summary
Quarterfinals summary
Semifinals summary
Championship game summary
Announcers
Awards
Dave Gavitt Trophy (Most Valuable Player): Charles Smith, Georgetown
All Tournament Team
Dana Barros, Boston College
Sherman Douglas, Syracuse
John Morton, Seton Hall
Alonzo Mourning, Georgetown
Ramón Ramos, Seton Hall
Charles Smith, Georgetown
References
External links
Tournament
Big East men's basketball tournament
Basketball in New York City
College sports in New York City
Sports competitions in New York City
Sports in Manhattan
Big East men's basketball tournament
Big East men's basketball tournament
1980s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Gilbertnixonius is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Gilbertnixonius, G. biem, found in Thailand.
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
The German Patent Classification is a patent classification system that was used in several European countries.
History
The German Patent Office (German: Kaiserliches Patentamt) started developing a classification system for its patent documents in 1877. It was greatly expanded during the following decades and was published in seven editions between 1906 and 1958, first as "Verzeichnis der deutschen Patentklassen" and later than "Gruppeneinteilung der Patentklassen". The abbreviation DPK, for Deutsche Patentklassifikation, is used in some databases.
The DPK was also used in Sweden, Norway, and other countries in Scandinavia and central and eastern Europe. In the 1970s, development and active use of the system publications was discontinued as most of these countries switched to the International Patent Classification (IPC). The classification is still used on old patent documents.
Between the editions, modifications were published in the form of "Änderungen" (German for "modifications") and "Ergänzungslieferungen" (German for "updates"). Between 1958 and 1975 around 40 percent of the original groups were replaced with groups from the emerging IPC. These new IPC-based parts mainly used the IPC group numbering, but kept the original DPK subclass symbols.
References
Patent classifications
General Fisher may refer to:
Bertie Fisher (1878–1972), British Army lieutenant general
George A. Fisher Jr. (born 1942), U.S. Army lieutenant general
Louis Matshwenyego Fisher (fl. 1990s–2000s), Botswana Defence Force general
See also
General Fischer (disambiguation)
Attorney General Fisher (disambiguation)
State Road 36 is an IB-class road in western and eastern Serbia, connecting Paraćin with Bulgaria at Vrška Čuka. It is located in Šumadija and Western Serbia and Southern and Eastern Serbia regions.
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013, the route wore the following names: M 5 (before 2012) / 24 (after 2012).
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes. By the valid Space Plan of Republic of Serbia the road is not planned for upgrading to motorway, and is expected to be conditioned in its current state.
The section between Paraćin and Zaječar is a part of European route E761.
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia (Putevi Srbije)
Official website - Corridors of Serbia (Koridori Srbije) (Serbian)
State roads in Serbia
The Embassy of Romania in Ottawa is the diplomatic mission of Romania to Canada, located at 655 Rideau Street in Lower Town, Ottawa, Ontario.
History
The Embassy of Romania in Ottawa was established in 1970. In 1991, the Consulate General of Romania opened in Toronto, while the consulate general in Montreal resumed its initial status.
Liviu Maior was the ambassador between 2002-2005, and Elena Ştefoi between 2005-2012. On June 10, 2013, Maria Ligor presented her credentials to David Johnston, Governor General of Canada, at Rideau Hall, in Ottawa.
In 2011, Romania opened a consulate general in Vancouver. There is an honorary consulate general in Moncton, and an honorary consulate in Quebec City.
Ambassadors
Canadian-Romanian relations
Formal Canada–Romania relations were established on August 16, 1919 when the Consulate General of Romania was established in Montreal by Vasile Stoica. Before, the consulate worked without the consent of Canadian authorities.
Bilateral relations at the embassy level were initiated on April 3, 1967.
See also
Romanian diplomatic missions
Embassy of Canada in Bucharest
Canadians of Romanian descent
References
External links
Official Website
Ottawa
Romania
1970 establishments in Ontario
Canada–Romania relations
Helcystogramma simplex is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1900. It is found in Yemen (Socotra).
The wingspan is about 11.5 mm. The forewings are pale fawn-ochreous, slightly shaded with greyish fuscous, especially above the fold and before the apex and termen. There are three blackish spots, the first on the cell before the middle, another in the fold straight below it and the third at the end of the cell. There are also four or five blackish dentate spots along the termen at the base of the greyish ochreous cilia which have a paler basal line. The hindwings are pale greyish, the central portion slightly iridescent.
References
Moths described in 1900
simplex
Moths of Asia
Geran may refer to:
places
Gogaran, Armenia
Goran, Azerbaijan
Bardarski Geran, Bulgaria
Geran, Iran (disambiguation), places in Iran
people
Elmer H. Geran, American politician
Gerry Geran, American ice hockey player
Juliana Geran Pilon, American political scientist
other
Geran (film), 2019 Malaysian Malay-language drama film
GERAN, telecommunications standards
One of three characters from David Eddings' The Belgariad; see Garion
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C15H14O4}}
The molecular formula C15H14O4 may refer to:
O-Desmethylangolensin, a phytoestrogen
Gnetucleistol D, a stilbenoid
Guibourtinidol, a flavan-3ol
Isorhapontigenin, a stilbenoid
Lunularic acid, a dihydrostilbenoid
Plicatol C, a phenanthrene
Rhapontigenin, a stilbenoid
Yangonin, a kavalactone
Lomatiol, a quinone pigment found in flowering plants
The Sawtooth Complex fire was a group of wildfires in San Bernardino County in the U.S. state of California in the summer of 2006. The Complex was made up of the Sawtooth, Waters, and Ridge fires, and burnt in chaparral two miles (3.2 km) east of Yucca Valley.
The Sawtooth Complex fire was started by lightning on July 9, 2006 at 8:30 am PDT. The fire burned and destroyed 50 homes, 8 mobile homes, 13 garages, 171 outbuildings, 191 cars and pickup trucks, 3 R.V.s, 27 trailers, 2 railcars, 9 tractors. 12 residences were damaged. There were 17 minor injuries and 1 civilian fatality.
Residents of Pioneertown, Skyline Ranch, Pipes Canyon, Gamma Gulch, northern Morongo Valley, Burns Canyon and Rimrock were placed under mandatory evacuations.
Pioneertown is the site of several historic structures dating back to 1940s Hollywood film production. While some buildings in Pioneertown were destroyed, the historic structures were spared.
At 5:00 pm PDT on July 14, the Sawtooth Complex fire merged with the Millard Complex fire.
The fire was 100% contained on July 18.
References
2006 California wildfires
Wildfires in San Bernardino County, California
Sarah Desjardins (July 15, 1994) is a Canadian actress best known for her roles as Maddy in the Netflix Spy/Comedy series Project MC2 and Jenna Hope in the YouTube Premium series Impulse, and Donna Sweett in The CW series, Riverdale. Desjardins currently plays a recurring role on the Showtime drama series Yellowjackets as Callie.
Early life
Desjardins was born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia and she has one younger brother.
Desjardins knew she wanted to act from a young age and upon expressing interest in acting at age six, her parents got her an agent. However, realizing the work that would be involved including the expenses, travel, and line memorization, they pulled her out and encouraged her to pursue it if she was still interested when she got older. In high school, Desjardins decided to try acting again and got headshots and an agent.
Career
Desjardins first role was in 2011 in Magic Beyond Words, a made-for-TV movie about the life of J.K. Rowling where Desjardins portrays a younger version of Rowling's sister Diane. As well, Desjardins has guest starred in numerous shows such as Supernatural and Imaginary Mary. Desjardins has also starred in numerous made-for-TV movies, including the 2016 TV movie, Unleashing Mr. Darcy in which she portrayed Zara Darcy in a modern remake of Pride and Prejudice. In 2017, she starred in the Drink, Slay, Love, a Lifetime movie about teenage vampires.
In 2016, she had a recurring role in Van Helsing, a post-apocalyptic show about a woman who can turn vampires human. Desjardins finds herself playing Catherine, a character who comes in with a group of refugees and takes a younger girl, Callie, under her wing. That same year, she began a recurring role on the Netflix series Project MC2. In the series she portrays Maddy McAlister, the older sister to main character McKeyla, who, along with her friends, is recruited to join a spy organization and use STEM to save the day. Her character is a top spy agent and must figure out whether her sister has crosse onto the dark side. She describes her character as having two sides, both loving and supportive as well as cold and sinister.
In December 2016, it was announced that Desjardins would star in Impulse, a show on YouTube Premium about a 16-year-old girl named Henry who can teleport. The series is set in the same universe as the 2008 science-fiction film, Jumper and is based on the 2013 book of the same name by Steven Gould. Initially auditioning for the lead role of Henrietta "Henry" Coles, Desjardins instead plays her soon-to-be stepsister, Jenna, whom she grows close to after finding out she was sexually assaulted by a classmate. Desjardins describes her character as multifaceted, being both a popular girl and Henry's confidante after her assault. As well, she describes Jenna as someone who doesn't know what she wants or who she is. The first season premiered on June 6, 2018, while the second premiered on October 16, 2019, however the series was cancelled in March 2020.
In 2019, Desjardins began a recurring role on the fourth season of The CW drama series Riverdale, as Donna Sweett, a classmate whom Jughead Jones meets at his new school, Stonewall Prep and later becomes one of the antagonists.
In 2021, Desjardins began a recurring role on the Showtime series Yellowjackets as the ungrateful daughter of Shauna, a woman who survived a plane crash when she was in high school.
Filmography
References
External links
Actresses from Vancouver
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Living people
21st-century Canadian actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Robert Verdi (born August 28, 1968) is an American TV personality and style expert. He is known for hosting a variety of TV programs featuring fashion and interior design.
Early life
Verdi was born and raised in suburban Maplewood, New Jersey. His mother, a Portuguese immigrant, was a skilled dressmaker, and his father was a chef. Verdi developed his sensibilities in suburban New Jersey where he defied the norm to set-out on a career as a trained goldsmith. He gained a degree from New York's Fashion Institute of Technology. He had jewelry showcases in Manhattan's Barney's, Bendel's, Bloomingdales and Bergdorf Goodman.
Career
In the early 1990s, Verdi redirected his pursuits towards a career in television. Troubled by the fact that the fashion reporter on Gay Entertainment Television was a straight woman, Verdi contacted the network, which led to his first job in television.
A 1998 article in The New York Times is quoted as saying about Verdi, “In the style universe, where fashion, decorating and the media are usually on different planets, Mr. Verdi travels comfortably between them. He is a jack-of-all-trades in a world where good taste and an instinct for the Now can be a passport across boundaries.” Verdi has worked with many celebrities. He planned the 1996 wedding of fashion designer Cynthia Rowley to sculptor Bill Keenan. He also designed the New York apartments of Sandra Bernhard, Hugh Jackman, Mariska Hargitay and Bobby Flay.
In 2000, Verdi co-created and co-hosted Full Frontal Fashion on the now-defunct network Metro TV. The show was the first of its kind to air complete coverage of runway fashion shows.
In 2002, Verdi began co-hosting Surprise by Design. On the show, Verdi or his co-host, Rebecca Cole, would redesign a room or exterior space at someone's home in order to surprise a loved one. The homeowner would assist in the re-design, which would happen on a $2,500 budget, in one day, typically while their loved one was away at work. The show became the Discovery Channel's highest rated daytime show.
Verdi hosted Fashion Police, a weekly series about celebrity fashion, when it was on the Style Network. He is frequently a guest on a variety of talk and news programs such as The View, Live with Regis & Kelly, The Today Show and VH1's The Fabulous Life Of. Additionally, Verdi is a stylist for Desperate Housewives star Eva Longoria, and has designed two of her Los Angeles, California homes. He was the designer for her July 7, 2007 wedding in Paris, France to basketball star Tony Parker.
Verdi has appeared since 2008 as a celebrity judge on the TV Land series, She's Got the Look where women over 35 compete for a modeling contract and magazine spread.
In 2010, Verdi starred in his self-titled show, The Robert Verdi Show, in which he styled celebrities and ran amok with bizarre ideas he threw at his crew of personal assistants. The show aired for one season on the LGBT TV channel Logo.
In February 2012, Verdi launched an affordable sunglasses collection under his name which sold exclusively on HSN.
In June 2015, Brides Gone Styled premiered on TLC, with Verdi and Gretta Monahan co-hosting.
References
Rohrlich, Marianne "His Job Title is Elusive, But His Taste is Impeccable", The New York Times, March 15, 1998
External links
Verdi on tvland.com
1968 births
Living people
People from Essex County, New Jersey
American television personalities
Fashion Institute of Technology alumni
Fashion stylists
American people of Portuguese descent
In enzymology, a dTDP-4-dehydrorhamnose 3,5-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-L-mannose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose, and one product, dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-L-mannose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose 3,5-epimerase. Other names in common use include dTDP-L-rhamnose synthetase, dTDP-L-rhamnose synthetase, thymidine diphospho-4-ketorhamnose 3,5-epimerase, TDP-4-ketorhamnose 3,5-epimerase, dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose 3,5-epimerase, and TDP-4-keto-L-rhamnose-3,5-epimerase. This enzyme participates in 3 metabolic pathways: nucleotide sugars metabolism, streptomycin biosynthesis, and polyketide sugar unit biosynthesis.
Structural studies
The crystal structure of RmlC from Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum was determined in the presence and absence of a substrate analogue. RmlC is a homodimer comprising a central jelly roll motif, which extends in two directions into longer beta-sheets. Binding of dTDP is stabilised by ionic interactions to the phosphate group and by a combination of ionic and hydrophobic interactions with the base. The active site, which is located in the centre of the jelly roll, is formed by residues that are conserved in all known RmlC sequence homologues. The active site is lined with a number of charged residues and a number of residues with hydrogen-bonding potentials, which together comprise a potential network for substrate binding and catalysis. The active site is also lined with aromatic residues which provide favourable environments for the base moiety of dTDP and potentially for the sugar moiety of the substrate.
As of late 2007, 14 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
References
Further reading
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
Joseph Henry Millbank (30 September 1919 – February 2002) was an English footballer active in the 1930s and 1940s. He made a total of 39 appearances in The Football League for Queens Park Rangers and Crystal Palace.
References
1919 births
English Football League players
Gillingham F.C. players
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
2002 deaths
Association football midfielders
English footballers
Francis Hauksbee the Younger (1687 – 11 January 1763) was an English instrument maker and experimentalist.
Life
He was son of John Hauksbee, who belonged to the Drapers' Company, and his wife Mary; and a nephew of Francis Hauksbee the elder. He was elected clerk and housekeeper to the Royal Society on 9 May 1723. Augustus De Morgan believed that Hauksbee was the first to give lectures with experiments in London, and began them about 1714. He collaborated with William Whiston on lecture series.
Hauksbee died on 11 January 1763, aged 75.
Instrument maker
According to an advertisement, Hauksbee made and sold air-pumps, hydrostatic balances, and reflecting telescopes in Crane Court, Fleet Street, London. His Proposals for making a large Reflecting Telescope evidences skill as an instrument-maker, and also an acquaintance with John Hadley.
Works
In 1731 was published Essay for introducing a Portable Laboratory by means whereof all the Chemical operations are commodiously performed by P. Shaw and F. Hauksbee, dedicated to Sir Hans Sloane. In 1731 also, Hauksbee printed Experiments with a view to Practical Philosophy, Arts, Trades, and Business, a summary of conventional chemical operations, with illustrations of distillation, mineralogy, metallurgy, and dyeing. This publication was a syllabus of a course of experimental lectures, Experimental Course of Astronomy proposed by Mr. Whiston and Mr. Hauksbee. Course of Mechanical, Optical, and Pneumatical Experiments, to be performed by Francis Hauksbee, and the Explanatory Lectures read by Wm. Whiston, M.A. covered "Pneumatics". Its scope included, with experiments on the "qualities of air", others "concerning the vitreous phosphori", and "relating to the electricity of bodies".
Notes
Attribution
External links
1687 births
1763 deaths
18th-century English businesspeople
British scientific instrument makers
Tom was launched in 1771 in Britain. Between 1778 and 1792 she was a West Indiaman, trading between Lancaster and Jamaica, St Lucia, and Grenada. New owners in 1792 sailed Tom as a slave ship in the triangular trade in enslaved people. She was condemned in 1794 at Barbados after having delivered the slaves she had acquired in the Cameroons.
Career
Tom first appeared in Lloyd's Register (LR) in the volume for 1778.
James Sawrey owned at least two vessels, Tom, and . Captain Tobias Collins sailed Hope to West Africa in 1791–1792, with Ainsworth replacing him at some point, and Tom in 1792, replacing Ainsworth. LR for 1793 shows Ainsworth replacing Collins as master on Hope. The time and place of the exchange is an open question. Before Collins left on Hope, on 26 September 1791 James Savery had instructed him to sail on to the Cameroons to gather as much ivory and other dead cargo as he could find.
Captain Ainsworth sailed from Liverpool on 24 March 1792, bound for the Cameroons. Tom arrived at Barbados in November 1793 with 39 slaves.
Fate
Tom was condemned at Barbados in 1794.
Citations
References
1771 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Slave ships
The Haerman Lanzl House is a historic house at 1635 Linden Avenue in Highland Park, Illinois. The Prairie School house was built in 1921. Architect John S. Van Bergen, a former employee of Frank Lloyd Wright, designed the home. While Van Bergen had previously designed Prairie School houses in Chicago's western suburbs, the Lanzl House was the first of many Prairie School homes he designed in Highland Park. The house was also Van Bergen's first design to use stratified limestone on its exterior.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29, 1982.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Prairie School architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1921
Highland Park, Illinois
Nawab Sir Nizamat Jung Bahadur (April 1871 in Hyderabad State – 1955) was an Arab-Indian poet. Nizamuddin was the second son of the Late Nawab Rafath Yar Jung Bahadur (Moulvi Shaikh Ahmed Hussain), Subedar of Warangal, well known in his days as an ardent educational and social reformer and statesman of no mean order.
Life
Nawab Sir Nizamath Jung, was educated at the Madrassa-i-Aizza, a school founded by his father in 1878, and proceeding to England in 1887 joined Trinity College, Cambridge, and took the degrees of B. A., LL. B. Honours ) in 1891 being the first Hyderabadi to achieve this.
Later on he became a Barrister-at-Law, being called to the Bar from the Inner Temple in 1895 during his second visit to England.
Nizamuddin built Hill Fort Palace on Naubat Pahad, which was later purchased by the erstwhile Nizam HEH Mir Osman Ali Khan for his son Prince Moazzam Jah. Nizamuddin's first cousin Hakim-ud-Dowla was also a chief justice and he was the owner of the Bella Vista Palace located adjacent to Hill Fort Palace.
Serving as an official of numerous prestigious posts, he was a political minister and served as the chief justice of the Hyderabad Deccan High Court during the reign of the Nizams.
Legacy
His personal book collection was made available for the public in 1972 when the Nizamat Jung Memorial Library was established in his name at Narayanguda, Hyderabad.
References
External links
1871 births
1955 deaths
Indian male poets
Indian Muslims
People from Hyderabad State
Salar Jung family
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
20th-century Indian poets
Indian Knights Bachelor
20th-century Indian male writers
Poets from Telangana
Robert Montgomery Persaud (born 9 May 1974 in Berbice, Guyana) is the Foreign Secretary of Guyana as of 17 August 2020, and a former government minister.
Biography
Persaud graduated from Master in Business Administration from the University of West Indies in 2005.
In 1993, he began his career as editor for the Mirror Newspaper. In 1999, he was appointed Presidential Advisor. In 2001, Persaud served in the Cabinet of the Ministry of Natural Resources. From 2006 to 2011, he was served as Minister of Agriculture
From 2011 until 2015, Persaud served as Minister of Natural Resources and the Environment.
On 17 August 2020, he was appointed Foreign Secretary.
References
Living people
1974 births
Government ministers of Guyana
Guyanese politicians
Broadcaster may refer to:
A presenter of any syndicated media program
A broadcasting organization, one responsible for audio and video content and/or their transmission
A sports commentator on television or radio
Broadcaster, currently known as Fender Telecaster, a solid-body electric guitar
A broadcast spreader used in farming
William Smith (18 June 1728 – 6 December 1793) was a lawyer, historian, speaker, loyalist, and eventually the loyalist Chief Justice of the Province of New York from 1780 to 1782 and Chief Justice of the Province of Quebec from 1786, later Lower Canada, from 1791 until his death.
Early life
Born in New York City on June 18, 1728, he was the son of Judge William Smith. His brother, Joshua Hett Smith was notable as the supposed "dupe" of Benedict Arnold and Major John André when they collaborated during the American Revolution. Smith graduated from Yale University in 1745, studied law with William Livingston, and was admitted to the bar in 1750.
Family
His brother, Doctor Thomas Smith, was the owner of the "treason house" in West Haverstraw, Rockland County, New York that was being occupied by his other brother, Joshua Hett Smith, at the time that Benedict Arnold and Major John André planned their conspiracies.
Career
During the American Revolution, he was referred to as "the weathercock" because his contemporaries were not able to understand which side he was on. Basically, though, he was neither friend to Revolutionary nor Loyalist and was one of the main reasons that the loyalists themselves declared that they did never trust the family of Smith. In 1752, along with William Livingston and John Morin Scott he founded a weekly journal, the Independent Reflector.
He and his brother Joshua Hett Smith escaped prosecution and probable execution by the Commission for Detecting and Defeating Conspiracies in the State of New York in 1778 for the crime of treason due to the memory of their father's influence upon the Justice system: the elder William Smith had, despite the efforts of friends and relatives, refused appointment to the Office of Chief Justice of the Province of New York in 1760, which his son William then accepted.
In 1776, he moved to Albany to avoid the contentious politics but in 1778 declared his allegiance for the loyalist cause and joined the British in New York City. Smith was escorted across the lines by Aaron Burr and became an important adviser and confidant of the military and civilian officials including both Governor William Tryon and General Sir Henry Clinton. In 1780, he was appointed Chief Judge of New York but by this time the office only related to the small part of the Province that was still in British hands. The real judicial power was held by Daniel Horsmanden.
He published the first history of New York, The History of the Province of New-York, from the First Discovery to the Year M.DCC.XXXIII. To which is annexed, A Description of the Country, with a short Account of the Inhabitants, their Trade, Religious and Political State, and the Constitution of the Courts of Justice in the Colony. in 1757 (London: Thomas Wilcox).
Smith returned to England in 1783 and then came to Quebec City in 1786, when he was named Chief Justice for the province and also named to the legislative council. In 1791, he became chief justice for Lower Canada and was appointed to the Legislative Council of Lower Canada, serving as its first speaker.
Personal life
He married Janet Livingston, of the Livingston family of New York.
In 1770, he built a manor house in West Haverstraw, New York. From July 15 to July 18, 1778, while his sister Martha and her husband Col. Ann Hawkes Hay were living in the house, it served as headquarters for General George Washington. The house burned down and the Fraser-Hoyer House later built on the site.
He died in Quebec City in 1793. He was buried at Mount Hermon Cemetery in Sillery. Smith's diary and selected papers were compiled and edited in two volumes by L.F.S. Upton in 1963 as part of the Champlain Society's General Series.
See also
James Brown
List of Washington's Headquarters during the Revolutionary War
References
1728 births
1793 deaths
Members of the Legislative Council of Lower Canada
Chief justices of Lower Canada
Rockland County, New York
Livingston family
People of the Province of New York
Yale University alumni
New York (state) lawyers
Province of Quebec (1763–1791) judges
Burials at Mount Hermon Cemetery
Ruhakana Rugunda (born 7 November 1947) is a Ugandan physician and politician who had been Prime Minister of Uganda from 2014 to 2021. He held a long series of cabinet posts under President Yoweri Museveni beginning in 1986. He served as Uganda's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1994 to 1996 and as Minister of Internal Affairs from 2003 to 2009. Subsequently, he was Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 2009 to 2011 and Minister of Health from 2013 to 2014.
He was appointed as Prime Minister on 18 September 2014 to 21 June 2021. He replaced Amama Mbabazi, who was dropped from the Cabinet.
Birth, education and medical career
Rugunda was born in Kabale District on 7 November 1947. As a young boy, he would often sit and read the newspapers to his father Surumani Rugunda, and it is these experiences at an early age that sparked his later interest in politics. Rugunda attended Kigezi High School and Busoga College Mwiri where he served as head prefect, before joining the Makerere University Medical School and later the University of Zambia where he studied medicine, graduating a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery. He later studied at the University of California, Berkeley and obtained a Master of Science in public health.
Before joining Ugandan politics, Rugunda worked as medical officer in Zambia, as a physician at the District of Columbia General Hospital in Washington, D. C., and at Kenyatta National Hospital in Nairobi, Kenya.
Political career
While attending Makerere University in Uganda, Rugunda, commonly referred to as "Ndugu" (Swahili for "brother") by friends, served as President of the National Union of Students of Uganda (NUSU), a political youth movement. As a young political activist, Rugunda was part of the Uganda People's Congress (UPC) and was said to be close to President Apollo Milton Obote. In one of the last interviews before his death, Obote lamented as to why the brilliant Rugunda had gotten himself entangled with Yoweri Museveni and the National Resistance Movement. Rugunda was one of a few who had been seen by Obote as future leaders of the party and country.
In 1985 he met with the leaders of the Ugandan National Resistance Movement (NRM) at the inn "Zum grünen Jäger" in Unterolberndorf, Austria, for a conspirative conference to elaborate a political programme for the liberated Uganda. After Museveni took power in 1986, Ruganda held a long series of Cabinet posts: he was Minister of Health from 1986 to 1988, Minister of Works, Transport and Communication from 1988 to 1994, Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1994 to 1996, Minister of Information from 1996 to 1998, Minister at the Presidency from 1998 to 2001, Minister of Water, Lands and Environment from 2001 to 2003, and Minister of Internal Affairs from 2003 to 2009.
He also served as Chairman of the NRM Electoral Commission, as Member of Parliament for Kabale Municipality, and as President of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP). In July 2006, Rugunda led a Ugandan government negotiating team to Juba to hold peace talks with the Lord's Resistance Army.
In January 2009, he was appointed as Uganda's Permanent Representative to the United Nations. At the same time, the position was elevated to Cabinet Ministerial level in Uganda. He twice served as the President of the Security Council in July 2009 and in October 2010 during Uganda's two-year stint on the Security Council.
In the cabinet reshuffle of 27 May 2011, he was instead appointed as Minister of Information and Communication Technology. In May 2013, he was moved to the post of Minister of Health, replacing Christine Ondoa, who became an advisor to the President of Uganda on public health matters.
Rugunda was appointed as Prime Minister on 18 September 2014.
Personal life
Rugunda is married to Jocelyn Rugunda and they are the parents of four sons. He enjoys reading, playing tennis and chess in his spare time.
See also
Parliament of Uganda
Cabinet of Uganda
Kabale District
References
External links
Full List of Cabinet Ministers May 2011
Museveni's New Cabinet List At 6 June 2016
1947 births
Living people
Makerere University alumni
National Resistance Movement politicians
People from Kabale District
Permanent Representatives of Uganda to the United Nations
Prime Ministers of Uganda
Communication ministers of Uganda
Environment ministers of Uganda
Foreign Ministers of Uganda
Health ministers of Uganda
Information ministers of Uganda
Interior ministers of Uganda
Public works ministers of Uganda
Transport ministers of Uganda
Water ministers of Uganda
Ugandan diplomats
University of Zambia alumni
Members of the Parliament of Uganda
UC Berkeley School of Public Health alumni
Ugandan public health doctors
People educated at Busoga College
20th-century Ugandan physicians
21st-century Ugandan politicians
St. Michael the Archangel Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Derby, Connecticut, United States.
Founded in 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
History
Bishop of Hartford Michael Tierney established St. Michael the Archangel Parish on July 15, 1905. Fr. Stanislaus Konieczny C.M., of the Vincentian Fathers, was appointed founding pastor. Durrschmidt Hall on lower Main St. was rented for Masses, the first of which was celebrated on August 20, 1905. A new church was dedicated on July 4, 1907, by Fr. John Synnott, who represented Bishop of Hartford Michael Tierney. The architect was Joseph A. Jackson of Waterbury CT.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Michael the Archangel - Diocesan information
Archdiocese of Hartford
St. Michael the Archangel - Discovermass.com
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Congregation of the Mission
Buildings and structures in Derby, Connecticut
Churches in New Haven County, Connecticut
Donald St. P. Richards (born 1955, Mandeville, Jamaica) is a Jamaican statistician conducting research on matrix analysis, Markov chains, and hyper-geometric domains. He currently serves as a professor of statistics at Pennsylvania State University, and is a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society and the Institute of Mathematical Statistics.
Richards obtained his PhD in 1978 at the University of the West Indies, where the statistician Rameshwar D. Gupta was his doctoral advisor.
In 2012, he was elected as a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Personal life
He was married to Mercedes Richards, a Jamaican astronomy and astrophysics professor, until her death in 2016.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Jamaican statisticians
Pennsylvania State University faculty
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Estádio Mártires da Canhala is a football stadium in Caála, Huambo, Angola. It is owned by C.R. Caála.
The stadium underwent a major rehabilitation in 2012. and has an 11,000-seat capacity.
References
Football venues in Angola
The Helmbach is an long tributary of the Speyerbach stream in the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Course
The stream rises northwest of the Taubensuhl Forester's Lodge (Forsthauses Taubensuhl) and flows initially in a northeasterly direction to the Geiswiese meadow. There it is joined on the left by the Blattbach, which rises on the north slopes of the high Blattberg hill, and then heads in an easterly to northeasterly direction. After another 2 km the Helmbach passes the woodland hotel at Hornesselwiese, which was burnt down in November 2002 and, after being rebuilt in 2010, has been opened again as a woodland restaurant since January 2011 . There the stream is joined by the Grobsbach and, further on, the Iggelbach empties into it from the left. After a total of the Helmbach reaches another forester's lodge, the Forsthaus Helmbach. Here it is joined on the right by the Kohlbach, which has been impounded to create the reservoir of Helmbachweiher a little to the east. The Helmbach itself discharges into the Speyerbach at the eponymous village of Helmbach after about . Here there is a halt on the Kuckucksbähnel heritage railway.
Tributaries
Trockendeichbach (left),
Blattbach (left),
Grobsbach (right),
Hunzelbach (right),
Frechenbach (right),
Iggelbach (left),
Kohlbach (right),
See also
List of rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
References
Rivers and lakes of the Palatinate Forest
Rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
Rivers of Germany
Vinayaka Missions Sikkim University is located in Gangtok in Sikkim, India.
References
External links
2008 establishments in Sikkim
Universities and colleges in Sikkim
Educational institutions established in 2008
Private universities in India
Murphy's Mob is a British children's television series, created and written by Brian Finch which was produced and directed by David Foster for Central Television, and screened in the UK on ITV for four series between 1982 and 1985. The theme tune was sung by Gary Holton, of Auf Wiedersehen, Pet fame.
Plot
The series featured Ken Hutchison as Mac Murphy, who takes charge as manager of a struggling fictional Third Division football club, Dunmore United, and a group of young supporters of the club whose day-to-day troubles included attempts to set up a junior supporter's club and clubhouse within the stadium.
Cast
Ken Hutchison as Mac Murphy
Lynda Bellingham as Elaine Murphy
Terence Budd as Rasputin Jones
Milton Johns as Derek Cassidy
Amanda Mealing as Sheila
Tracy Lynn Stephens as Jean
Keith Jayne as Boxer
Lewis Stevens as Wurzel
Chris Gascoyne as Judd
Wayne Norman as Gerry 'Geronimo'
Production
The drama scenes also included action taken from real Watford games from the era. The fictional Dunmore team therefore played in yellow, red and black to allow the footage to be cut into the drama. Billy Wright, the former England captain is credited in the first series as "Soccer Advisor".
Broadcast
The show was broadcast twice weekly on ITV
Series 1
16 episodes generally broadcast on Monday and Wednesday between 1 March and 26 April 1982
Series 2
12 episodes generally broadcast on Wednesday and Thursday between 9 March and 14 April 1983
Series 3
14 episodes generally broadcast on Monday and Thursday between 29 October and 13 December 1984
Series 4
12 episodes generally broadcast on Monday and Thursday between 11 November and 20 December 1985
References
1982 British television series debuts
1985 British television series endings
ITV children's television shows
English-language television shows
Television shows produced by Central Independent Television
Fictional association football television series
A nailset or nail punch is a hand tool used for driving the exposed head of a nail or pin below the surface of a piece of wood, such as when installing decorative moulding or face-fastening wood flooring.
Though they vary in design, nailsets are typically made from a hard round or square steel rod which tapers at one end to a flat or slightly hollowed tip. The tip is placed against the head of the nail, while the other end of the nailset is struck with a hammer. Nailsets come with different sized tips suited to different sized nail heads.
See also
Punch (tool)
References
Woodworking tools
The Advanced Video Attribute Terminal Assembler and Recreator (AVATAR) protocol is a system of escape sequences occasionally used on bulletin board systems (BBSes). Its basic level was designed explicitly as a compression of the much longer ANSI escape codes, and can thus render colored text and artwork faster over slow connections. Even when the terminal didn't understand it, the data on disk could use the AVATAR format and so take up less space.
AVATAR was adapted to Advanced Zansi/Avatar Terminal Handshaking Output Transfer Handler (AZATHOTH). It was never implemented but was included as zazt.sys.
The basic protocol is defined by FidoNet technical standard proposal FSC-0025.
Avatar was later extended in late 1989 to AVT/0 (sometimes referred to as AVT/0+) which included facilities to scroll areas of the screen (useful for split screen chat, or full screen mail writing programs), as well as more advanced pattern compression. These extensions were not convertible directly into sequences understood by existing ANSI terminals but instead mirrored extra facilities available in the IBM PC BIOS.
Avatar was originally implemented in the Opus BBS, but later popularised by RemoteAccess. RemoteAccess came with a utility, AVTCONV that allowed for easy translation of ANSI documents into Avatar helping its adoption.
Scope
FSC-0025 defines a compression for:
terminal text attributes: blink, background and foreground 3-bit color.
repeated bytes (run-length encoding)
cursor position commands
terminal clear command (CSI 2 J)
FSC-0037 defines:
an insert-mode switch
insert mode deletion (delete and scroll left)
scroll up/down commands
area fill/clear commands (run-length encoding in 2D)
repeat multiple characters (run-length encoding)
See also
ANSI escape code
ANSI art
References
Bulletin board systems
FidoNet
Computer-related introductions in 1988
Kajal Saini (born 31 August 1994) is an Indian sport shooter. She is from Rohtak and represents Haryana. Her coach is Manoj Kumar. Her current World Rank is 53.
Career
Saini took up shooting while studying in Baba Mast Nath Senior Secondary School in Rohtak.
She has three positions in 50m Rifle and World Cup- Participations three.
Place 22 1 Rio de Janeiro- Score: 1167 in 2019
Place 60 1 Beijing- Score: 1142 in 2019
Place 70 1 Munich- Score: 1140 in 2019
She won two medals in 13th 2019 Asian Shooting Championships South Asian Games held in Nepal. In November in Doha she won Gold and Bronze in 14th Asian Shooting championship. She was NCC cadet in Government Women college. She is aspirant for Tokyo Olympic.
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Indian female sport shooters
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
ISSF rifle shooters
Sportspeople from Haryana
Homewrecker is an American reality show on MTV that was hosted by Jackass star Ryan Dunn. The show is a twist on home renovation reality shows such as Trading Spaces and Extreme Makeover: Home Edition; but instead of the room being renovated, it is wrecked.
Plot
To qualify for Homewrecker, a participant had to submit to the show a story of how he or she was victimized by one of their friends. Each segment opened with the "victim" explaining to Ryan Dunn what happened to them. Dunn then observed the offender to get additional ideas on what to do. Finally, Dunn and a team of helpers helped the participant redo their friend's room to fit what the evildoer had done.
The show had two segments, where two separate people get revenge on friends who had recently offended them by trashing their bedrooms. There were short clips in between scenes where the late host Dunn taught the viewer how to perform similar pranks at home. The clips were shot in the style of 1950s training videos.
Episodes
References
External links
Homewrecker on MTV.com
2005 American television series debuts
2005 American television series endings
2000s American reality television series
English-language television shows
MTV original programming
Jackass (TV series)
CKY
Semutophila saccharopa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and Malaysia.
The larvae live in silken shelters fixed to the leaves of bamboo. In response to mechanical stimuli from ants, they discharge an anal liquid that contains sugar and amino acids which is used as a food source by these ants.
References
Moths described in 1986
Olethreutini
This is a timeline of incidents in 1997 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
References
1997
1997
1997
Terr
Kuwait participated at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 October to 18 October 2018.
Athletics
Swimming
References
2018 in Kuwaiti sport
Nations at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Kuwait at the Youth Olympics
Felix Hültel (18 May 1884 – 8 October 1961) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1902 to 1906.
References
External links
1884 births
1961 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Henrik Nikolai Krøyer (22 March 1799 – 14 November 1870) was a Danish zoologist.
Born in Copenhagen, he was a brother of the composer Hans Ernst Krøyer. He started studying medicine at the University of Copenhagen in 1817, which he later changed to history and philology. While a student, he was a supporter of the Philhellenic movement, and he participated as a volunteer in the Greek War of Independence along with several fellow students.
Upon his return to Denmark, Krøyer gained an interest in zoology. In 1827, he took the position as assistant teacher in Stavanger, where he met, and later married, Bertha Cecilie Gjesdal. Bertha's sister, Ellen Cecilie Gjesdal, was deemed unfit to bring up her child, so Henrik and Bertha adopted the boy, who took on the name Peder Severin Krøyer, and later became a well-known painter.
Krøyer returned to Copenhagen in 1830 where he was employed as a teacher in natural history at the Military Academy. As the course lacked a textbook, Krøyer wrote and published (1833).
During his career he often travelled along the coasts of Denmark where he studied marine life, especially fish and crustaceans, and this resulted in his main work ("The Fish of Denmark", 3 volumes, 1838-1853). Krøyer also founded the journal Naturhistorisk tidsskrift, for which he served as editor and to which he contributed numerous articles. During his life he visited most of the coasts of Western Europe as well as Newfoundland. But his health eventually deteriorated and in 1869 he had to take his leave of his position of head of the Natural Museum of Copenhagen which he had held since 1847. He gained the title of professor in 1853.
References
Further reading
Henrik Nikolai Krøyer, Erindringer af Henrik Krøyers Liv 1821-38 (1870).
Gosch: Danmarks zoologiske Littteratur
1799 births
1870 deaths
Danish zoologists
Danish carcinologists
Philhellenes in the Greek War of Independence
University of Copenhagen alumni
Danish marine biologists
Sister Vajirā (Hannelore Wolf) was a dasa sil mata, a Buddhist ten precept-holder nun in Sri Lanka.
Lay life
Hannelore was looking for religious meanings and in early summer 1949 she came across the teachings of the Buddha. Hannelore was so impressed that she came to the seminary group of Debes, one of the most prominent lay Theravada teachers at that time, and took part in her first “weeks of investigation” in an Adult Education College in the Lüneburger Heide area. She worked as a private teacher. In June 1954 the Sinhalese monk Ven. Nārada turned up in Hamburg and Hannelore took the opportunity to request to go to Ceylon and become a nun. Ven. Nārada gave Pali names to many Buddhists and Hannelore became Vajirā. After much turmoil she finally got her chance to go to Ceylon. She took on the 10 training rules and was ordained as Sister Vajirā by Ven. Nārada on the full moon of July in 1955 at the Vihāra Mahā Devi Hermitage at Biyagāma near Colombo, where other Buddhist nuns (dasa sil mata or dasa sila upāsikā) lived.
Life as a nun
To provide her with greater quietude, supporters built a bungalow for her in the palm-tree forest of the monastery garden. However, she suffered internal lack and noticed that she could not possibly meditate all day long and became physically ill. Taking on scholastic work offered itself as a way out of her frustration. Having learned English quickly, she then started intensive Pali studies and soon started to translate texts and carried on correspondence about Dhamma topics with various people.
One of the dāyakas of the monastery offered her healthier conditions and arranged for a nice bungalow to be built, into which she moved in 1959. Young Sinhalese women venerated her very much there, and one of them lived temporarily with her as a disciple.
Around autumn of 1961 the English monk Ven. Ñānavīra Thera, who lived 40 km from her in a kuti in the jungle as a hermit, had sent her a text he had written, A Note on Paticca Samuppāda, wherein he criticized the extension-over-three-lives interpretation. Thereupon an intensive exchange of letters followed. The early letters show a woman who, in her own thinking and discussion with Ven. Ñānavīra, earnestly searches a way to approach the essence of the Buddha's Teaching by repeated trial-and-error. This search finally yielded its fruit when she, by her own account (as given in a letter to Ñānavīra Thera), attained sotāpatti, or Stream-entry in late January 1962. The one who has "entered the stream" has ipso facto abandoned personality-view (sakkāya-ditthi), which is the self-view implicit in the experience of an ordinary worldling not free from ignorance, and understood the essential meaning of the Buddha's teaching on the Four Noble Truths. But the rapidity and intensity of the change of her views caused a kind of nervous breakdown and she disrobed, returning to Germany on 22 February 1962.
Back in Germany
Upon her return to Hamburg she ceased to have any contact with her former Buddhist friends. This, commented Ven. Nāṇavīra, was "a good sign, not a bad one- when one has got what one wants, one stops making a fuss about it and sits down quietly." After recovering from her breakdown she started to work for a textile machine factory, Artos, in Hamburg.
She still held Ven. Nāṇavīra in high esteem. In 1986 Samanera Bodhesako had written to her from Ceylon to request permission to publish parts of her letters to Ven. Ñānavīra in the planned book Clearing the Path and she consented. Dr Hellmuth Hecker visited her in 1989, they had a two and half hours conversation and she stated that she was still a Buddhist. She died on 7 December 1991 in her room in Maschen.
Published work
The Letters of Sister Vajira - Correspondence between Nanavira Thera and Sister Vajira, Path Press Publications, 2010,
Sakka's Quest: Sakkapañha Sutta (DN 21) , Buddhist Publication Society, 1959
See also
Path Press
Buddhist Publication Society
Notes
References
Ñāṇavīra Thera, Clearing the Path: Writings of Ñāṇavīra Thera (1960–1965), Path Press 1988, 2003
External links
Ñāṇavīra Thera Dhamma Page - An archive of Ñāṇavīra Thera's writings.
Path Press - Publishers of works by Ñāṇavīra Thera
Full Biography—by Dr. Hellmuth Hecker.
Sakka's Quest: Sakkapañha Sutta, Introduction, Translation and Comments, Buddhist Publication Society, Kandy, 1959.
Last Days of the Buddha: The Mahāparinibbāna Sutta, Buddhist Publication Society, Kandy, 1964. Translation from the Pali into English, revised by Francis Story and introduced by Nyanaponika Thera.
Letters - An archive of Vajirā's letters.
German Theravada Buddhists
German Buddhists
Buddhist writers
Converts to Buddhism
Buddhist nuns
German scholars of Buddhism
German women philosophers
20th-century German philosophers
German Buddhist nuns
1928 births
1991 deaths
20th-century German women writers
20th-century German writers
20th-century Buddhist nuns
German expatriates in Sri Lanka
The list of English translations from medieval sources: D provides an overview of notable medieval documents—historical, scientific, ecclesiastical and literature—that have been translated into English. This includes the original author, translator(s) and the translated document. Translations are from Old and Middle English, Old French, Old Norse, Latin, Arabic, Greek, Persian, Syriac, Ethiopic, Coptic, Armenian, and Hebrew, and most works cited are generally available in the University of Michigan's HathiTrust digital library and OCLC's WorldCat. Anonymous works are presented by topic.
List of English translations
DA–DE
Dadīshōʿ Ḳaṭrāya. Dadīshōʿ Ḳaṭrāya (7th century) was a Nestorian monk and author of ascetic literature in Syriac.
A treatise on solitude by Dadīshōʿ Ḳaṭrāya (1934). Edited and translated by Iraqi historian Alphonse Mingana (1878–1937). In Woodbrooke Studies: Christian Documents in Syriac, Arabic, and Garshūni, Volume VII (1934), pp. 70–143, 201–247.
Dafydd ap Gwilym. Dafydd ap Gwilym (c. 1315 – c. 1370) was one of the leading Welsh poets in the Middle Ages and was a contemporary of Chaucer's.
Poems translated from the Welsh of Dafydd ap Gwilym (1818). By William Owen Pughe (1759–1835). In Cambrian register, Volume III (1818), pp. 436–468.
Translations into English verse from the poems of Davyth ap Gwilym, a Welsh bard of the fourteenth century (1834). By a translator only identified as Maelog, with A sketch of the life of Davyth ap Gwilym. Dedicated to William Owen Pughe.
The poetry of Dafydd ap Gwilym (1925). Translated by E. C. Knowlton. In Poet lore., Volume XXXVI (1925), pp. 415–433.
Dafydd ap Gywilym: fifty poems (1942). Translated by Harold Idris Bell (1879–1967) and David Bell. In Y Cymmrodor, Volume XLVIII (1942).
Daniel (abbot). Daniel the Pilgrim (fl. c. 1107), also known as Daniel the Higumenos (abbot), was an eastern Christian who travelled from Kievan Rus' to the Holy Land. He documented his travels in his .
The pilgrimage of the Russian abbot Daniel in the Holy Land, 1106–1107 AD (1895). Translated and edited by British archaeologist Charles W. Wilson (1836–1905). In the library of Palestine Pilgrims' Text Society (PPTS), Volume IV, Part 3.
Dante Alighieri. Dante Alighieri (c. 1265 – 1321) was an Italian poet, writer and philosopher, author of the Divine Comedy. A relatively small sample of biographies and translations of Dante are shown below, with various bibliographies.
The earliest lives of Dante (1901). By Italian humanist, historian and statesman Leonardo Arentino Bruni (c. 1370 – 1444). Translated from the Italian of Giovanni Boccaccio and Lionardo Bruni Aretino [Leonardo Arentino Bruni] by James Robinson Smith (1876–1954). In Yale Studies in English, Volume 10 (1901).
The early lives of Dante (1904). By Leonardo A. Bruni. Translated by English economist and medievalist Philip Henry Wicksteed (1844–1927), derived from the translation of J. R. Smith.
Dante (1900). By English scholar of Italian literature Edmund Garratt Gardner (1869–1935).
Dante and Giovanni del Virgilio (1902), by Philip H. Wicksteed and Edmund G. Gardner.
Il Fiore and Il Fiore and Detto d'Amore (2000). A late 13th-century Italian translation of the Roman de la Roseattributable to Dante Alighieri. Edited and translated by Santa Casciani and Christopher Kleinhenz.
The new life: (La vita nuova) (1907). An edition of La vita nuova, translated by English poet Dante Gabriel Rossetti (1828–1882), with an introduction by American author Charles Eliot Norton (1827–1908). Also includes: One hundred sonnets, by Francesco Petrarch; La fiammetta, by Giovanni Boccaccio; and Poems, by Michelangelo Buonarroti.
De vulgari eloquentia: Dante's book of exile (1990). A translation of Dante's Latin essay De vulgari eloquentia (1302-1305) by Marianne Shapiro.
The Convivio of Dante Alighieri (1903). An edition of Convivio (The Banquet), translated by Philip H. Wicksteed.
De monarchia (1879). In Dante: An essay, by Richard William Church (1815–1890). Includes an edition of De monarchia, translated by Frederick John Church (1854–1888).
The vision: or, Hell, Purgatory and Paradise of Dante Alighieri (1892). A later edition of the first English language translation of the Divine Comedy, first published in 1782, by the Rev. Henry Francis Cary (1772–1844). With a life of Dante, chronological view of his age, additional notes, and an index.
The Divine Comedy of Dante Alighieri (1867–1871). Translated by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (1807–1882).
Inferno: a translation from Dante Alighieri, into English blank verse (1812). A translation of the Inferno by Joseph Hume (1777–1855).
The Purgatorio of Dante Alighieri (1912). An edition of Purgatorio. Edited by H. Oelsner, responsible for the Italian text and notes at the end of the cantos. Translated into English by Italian translator Thomas Okey (1852–1935), with contributions by Philip H. Wicksteed.
The Paradiso of Dante Alighieri (1912). An edition of Paradiso, edited and translated by Philip H. Wicksteed, with Herman Oelsner (born 1871).
Eclogae Latinae (1902). A critical edition of Eclogae, in Dante and Giovanni del Virgilio (1902), by Philip H. Wicksteed and Edmund G. Gardner.
Dante: Quaestio de aqua et terra (1909). Dante's work, dated 1320, is a Latin discussion in Latin of a problem in medieval cosmology, is edited and translated by Charles Lancelot Shadwell (1840–1919).
Catalogue of the Dante collection, 2 volumes plus addition (1898–1900). Presented by American librarian Willard Fiske (1831–1904) and compiled by Theodore Wesley Koch (1871–1941). Additions (1898–1920) compiled by Mary Fowler, curator of the Dante and Petrarch collections from 1907 to 1920. Includes works by Dante and works about Dante.
Dante in America (1896–1897). Includes a bibliography of American translations and studies of Dante. By Theodore W. Koch. Reprinted from the Fifteenth annual report of the Dante Society (1896).
A chronological list of English translations from Dante, from Chaucer to the present day, 1380–1906. By British Dantean scholar Paget Jackson Toynbee (1855–1932). Reprinted in the Twenty-fourth annual report of the Dante Society (1906).
Bibliography of works by Dante.
English translations of the Divine Comedy.
DH–DU
Dragon myths. Dragons in mythology.
The Celtic dragon myth (1911). By John Francis Campbell (1821–1885), with the Geste of Fraoch and the dragon, translated with introduction by Scottish Gaelic scholar George Henderson (1866–1912). Illustrations in colour by Rachel Ainslie Grant Duff.
Dream of the Rood. The Dream of the Rood is an Old English Christian poems in the genre of dream poetry and written in alliterative verse. Preserved in the 10th-century Vercelli Book, the poem may be as old as the 8th-century Ruthwell Cross, and is considered as one of the oldest works of Old English literature.
The Holy Rood, a dream (1866). A translation of the poem Dream of the Rood, once attributed to Cynewulf or Cædmon. In The Ruthwell cross, Northumbria (1866), by English archeologist and philologist George Stephens (1813–1895).
Dryden, John. John Dryden (1631–1700) was an English poet, literary critic, translator, and playwright who was appointed England's first Poet Laureate in 1668.
Fables ancient and modern; translated into verse, from Homer, Ovid, Boccace, and Chaucer: with original poems (1721). The third edition of Dryden's 1700 work Fables ancient and modern.
Dryden's Palamon and Arcite; or The Knight's tale from Chaucer (1899). A Dryden translation, Palamon and Arcite, from his Fables, Ancient and Modern. Edited with notes and an introduction by Percival Ashley Chubb (1860–1959).
Poetical Miscellanies, The Sixth Part (1709) by Alexander Pope. An edition of Poetical Miscellanies, The Sixth Part by Alexander Pope. Edited by J. Dryden.
Source material
Cambrian register
Fifteenth annual report of the Dante Society
Palestine Pilgrims' Text Society (PPTS), Library of
Twenty-fourth annual report of the Dante Society
Woodbrooke Studies: Christian Documents in Syriac, Arabic, and Garshūni
Yale Studies in English
Y Cymmrodor
See also
Annals
Arabic literature
Islamic literature
Medieval literature
References
11
Translations into English
Translation-related lists
Beeckestijn is a historical buitenplaats (summer house) dating from the 18th century in a park by the same name in Velsen-Zuid, Netherlands.
History
The Beeckestijn site was a buitenplaats in the 15th and 16th centuries before the current English-style garden was designed in the 18th century. The house and the accompanying gardens are listed for varying reasons in the National register of monuments. The original design of the current garden plan from 1772 was preserved in an engraving by the landscape designer Johann Georg Michael (1738-1800), who also designed the neighboring park Waterland. He was assisted by the painter and designer Johann Heinrich Müntz. They were commissioned by the owner Jacob Boreel who had visited England and wished for a garden in the style of Stowe, Kewe Gardens and Wimpole. The gardens were partially redesigned in 1936 by the landscape designer Leonard Springer (1855-1940). Throughout the park are three bunkers from World War II that were sunk after the war by pumping the sand beneath them away. One of these bunkers is below the shell pond near the rear of the house.
The house had various owners until being bought by the Trip family in the 17th century. Jan Trip the younger expanded the house to its present state in 1716-1721. The main building seen today has a sculpture on the facade and some stuccos within by Ignatius van Logteren (1685-1732). The house was occupied as a residence until 1924 when it fell into disuse. In 1939 it was used by a Dutch regiment who caused a lot of damage, and in 1941 it was occupied by German infantry. In 1942 the three Atlantikwall bunkers were built in the garden. After the war the house was occupied by Canadians before becoming the property of Jonkvrouwe Agnes Cremer-Boreel who sold it to Velsen. The restoration was completed in 1969 and the property opened as a museum, with a yearly garden festival and a yearly pop festival taking place there.
In 2006 the museum with rooms in the style of the owner Jacob Boreel was closed. The property now belongs to the Vereniging Hendrick de Keyser, which restores and manages other heritage sites in the area. Beeckestijn is due to reopen as a museum of landscape, due to its importance as a relic of Dutch garden history, as well as its role in the nearby water management history (the house was originally on the Wijkermeer).
References
Beeckestijn and its inhabitants, George Slieker, 2006 (in Dutch)
Friends of Beeckestijn website (in Dutch)
Vereniging Hendrick de Keyser website (in Dutch)
Rijksmonuments in North Holland
Velsen
Changchun Jiuyin Loans () is a Chinese professional football club located in Changchun. They compete in the Chinese Women's Super League, and their home stadium is the Development Area Stadium.
Players
Darlene de Souza joined fellow Brazil women's national football team players Raquel Fernandes and Rafaelle Souza in transferring to Changchun Zhuoyue in January 2016.
In June 2017 the club signed Cristiane Rozeira from Paris Saint-Germain Féminine. Chinese media reported that they made Cristiane the highest-paid female footballer in the world.
First Team Squad
Former internationals
References
External links
Official Website
Chinese Women's Super League clubs
2000 establishments in China
Association football clubs established in 2000
Women's football clubs in China
Sport in Changchun
Faris Arapović (1970 – 18 September 2019) was a Bosnian drummer. He was widely known as a drummer of Sarajevo-based rock bands Zabranjeno Pušenje and Sikter. Also, he was a founder of Sikter.
Career
Arapović joined a Sarajevo-based rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje in 1986, after their drummer Predrag Rakić left. As a drummer, he performed on their two studio albums: Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari (1987) and Male priče o velikoj ljubavi (1989). In early 1990, he left the band with some other members.
In 1990, Arapović founded Sarajevo-based alternative rock band Sikter. Arapović performed on their first two studio albums: Now, Always, Never (2000) and Queen of the Disco (2002). In 2003, he parted ways with the band.
Arapović died on 18 September 2019.
Discography
Sikter
Now, Always, Never (2000)
Queen of the Disco (2002)
Zabranjeno pušenje
Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari (1987)
Male priče o velikoj ljubavi (1989)
References
External links
Discography at Discogs
1970 births
2019 deaths
Alternative rock drummers
Punk rock drummers
Musicians from Sarajevo
Bosnia and Herzegovina musicians
Zabranjeno pušenje members
Yugoslav musicians
Date of birth missing
Thorne is a civil parish in the metropolitan borough of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The parish contains 23 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the town of Thorne, the village of Moorends, and the surrounding countryside. Most of the listed buildings are houses and associated structures, and farmhouses. The other listed buildings include a church, a coffin in the churchyard, a public house, a former windmill, a river wharf, two war memorials, and a former charity school.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in South Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster
Listed
Sam Allen (January 30, 1909 – April 1963) was an American jazz pianist.
Early life
Allen was born in Middleport, Ohio. Beginning at the age of 10, he accompanied silent films on piano in movie theaters.
Career
In 1928, Allen moved to New York City, where he joined Herbert Cowans's band at the Rockland Palace. Before long, he moved back to Ohio, where he played with saxophonist Alex Jackson in 1930. He joined James P. Johnson's orchestra as the second pianist and then was a member of the Teddy Hill band. In the 1940s he worked with Stuff Smith, Dizzy Gillespie, and became pianist for Slim & Slam.
Discography
With Dizzy Gillespie
The Complete RCA Victor Recordings (Bluebird, 1995)
References
1909 births
1963 deaths
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
20th-century American pianists
Jazz musicians from Ohio
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Slim & Slam members
People from Middleport, Ohio
The 1996 ISF Men's World Championship was an international softball tournament. The tournament was held in Midland, Michigan. It was the 9th time the World Championship took place. Twenty two nations competed, including defending champions Canada.
Final standings
References
ISF Men's World Championship
1996 ISF Men's World Championship
Sports competitions in Michigan
Men's Softball World Championship
Men's Softball World
Midland, Michigan
July 1996 sports events in the United States
Paul Anthony Sorrento (born November 17, 1965) is the Los Angeles Angels assistant hitting coach. He is a former first baseman in Major League Baseball. From 1989 through 1999, Sorrento played for the Minnesota Twins (1989–1991), Cleveland Indians (1992–1995), Seattle Mariners (1996–1997) and Tampa Bay Devil Rays (1998–1999). He batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
Amateur career
Sorrento played high school baseball for St. John's Preparatory School in Danvers, Massachusetts (1979–1983). Sorrento played college baseball for the Florida State University Seminoles under head coach Mike Martin. In 1985, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League.
Professional career
In an 11-season career, Sorrento posted a .257 batting average with 166 home runs and 565 RBI in 1093 games played. In 11 playoff game appearances with the Minnesota Twins, Cleveland Indians and Seattle Mariners, he had a .213 batting average with 1 home run and 2 RBIs in 47 at-bats.
Sorrento played in two World Series, one for the Twins in 1991 and one for the Indians, in 1995. On April 6, 1992, Sorrento recorded the first hit during the regular season at Oriole Park at Camden Yards.
Coaching career
On January 13, 2012, Sorrento was named hitting coach for Inland Empire 66ers of the California League; a Class A-Advanced affiliate of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. On November 9, 2012, he was named the minor league hitting coordinator for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization. On November 3, 2015, Sorrento was hired as the Angels assistant hitting coach.
See also
List of athletes on Wheaties boxes
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American sportspeople of Italian descent
Baseball coaches from Massachusetts
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Cleveland Indians players
Florida State Seminoles baseball players
Florida State University alumni
Inland Empire 66ers coaches
Los Angeles Angels coaches
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim coaches
Major League Baseball designated hitters
Major League Baseball first basemen
Major League Baseball hitting coaches
Minnesota Twins players
Orlando Twins players
Palm Springs Angels players
People from Peabody, Massachusetts
Portland Beavers players
Quad Cities Angels players
Sacramento River Cats players
Seattle Mariners players
Sportspeople from Essex County, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Somerville, Massachusetts
Tampa Bay Devil Rays players
Harwich Mariners players
The Alpini Battalion "Val Chiese" () is an inactive battalion of the Italian Army's mountain infantry speciality, the Alpini, which distinguished itself in combat during World War I and World War II.
History
World War I
The battalion was raised on 15 February 1915 with reservists of the Alpini Battalion "Vestone" of the 5th Alpini Regiment. The battalion's name, like the names of all Alpini battalions raised during World War I with first line reservists, was the name of a valley near the active battalion's base; in the Val Chiese battalion's case the Chiese valley, which extends to the north from Vestone. As with all Alpini battalions the recruits for the battalions were drafted exclusively from the area surrounding the battalions base. Initially the battalion fielded the 253rd and 254th Alpini companies, and received the 255th Alpini Company on 8 July 1915 after Italy's full mobilization after the country's entry into the war.
The Val Chiese battalion's history is intertwined with the history of the 5th Alpini Regiment, with which it served during World War I. After the war the battalion was disbanded.
World War II
The battalion was reformed on 1 September 1939 and participated in the Italian invasion of France in June and July 1940. Afterwards the battalion was once more disbanded on 31 October 1940 and the battalion's reservists dismissed. However as the Greco-Italian War has ground to a halt in the Pindus mountains the battalion was already raised again in December 1940 and sent on 14 January 1941 to Albania, where it joined the 11th Alpini Regiment.
After the German invasion of Greece and the Greek surrender the battalion returned to Italy and was assigned to the 2nd Alpine Division "Tridentina"'s 6th Alpini Regiment. In July 1942 the Tridentina was assigned to the Italian Army in Russia and sent to the Eastern Front, where regiment and battalion barely escaped annihilation during the Battle of Nikolayevka in January 1943. For its conduct during the campaign in Russia 6th Alpini Regiment was awarded a Gold Medal of Military Valour.
The survivors of the Val Chiese battalion were repatriated in spring 1943 and garrisoned in the city of Sterzing in South Tyrol. After Italy changed sides with the Armistice of Cassibile on 8 September 1943, regiment and battalion were disbanded by the Germans.
Cold War
On 1 July 1963 the XXIX Alpini Fortification Battalion in Sterzing was renamed Alpini Battalion "Val Chiese". The battalion was part of the Alpine Brigade "Orobica" and tasked with tasked to man fortifications in the Wipptal, Passeier and Vinschgau valleys. The "Val Chiese" fielded three active and three reserve companies with a wartime strength of more than 1,000 men; two of these companies had come from the Alpini Battalion "Val Camonica".
Alpini Battalion "Val Chiese", in Sterzing
Headquarters and Services Company, in Sterzing
250th Alpini Company, in Saltaus (Type C*, ex "Val Camonica")
251st Alpini Company, in Reschen (Type A*, ex "Val Camonica")
253rd Alpini Company, in Brenner (Type A)
254th Alpini Company, in Gossensaß (Type A)
255th Alpini Company, in Pfitsch (Type C)
364th Alpini Company, in Franzensfeste (Type C)
Type A = fortification fully equipped, provisioned and manned; close support platoon onsite
Type B = fortification fully equipped, provisioned and manned; close support platoon off site
Type C = fortification fully equipped; provisions, crew and close support platoon off site
The fortifications the Val Chiese would man in case of war with the Warsaw Pact had been built as the Alpine Wall in the early stages of World War II. The Val Chiese was to man the following bunker systems with the aim to deny enemy forces passage through the valleys below the Reschen Pass and Brenner Pass:
In the Vinschgau and Passeier valleys:
Saltaus: 4 bunker, 169 men, 250th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento di Saltusio)
Mals-Glurns: 9 bunker, no troops assigned after 1964 (before 1964 the 252nd Alpini Company) (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Malles-Glorenza)
Reschen pass: 9 bunker, 254 men, 251st Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Passo Resia)
In the Eisack valley:
Brenner pass: 5 bunker, 136 men, 253rd Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Brennero)
Gossensaß: 7 bunker 190 men, 254th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento di Tenne-Novale)
Pfitsch: 3 bunker, 121 men, 255th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento di Saletto)
Franzensfeste: 5 bunker, 165 men, 364th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento di Fortezza)
With fixed fortifications becoming obsolete the battalion was disbanded on 30 June 1979 with only the 253rd Alpini Company remaining on active duty and joining the Alpini Battalion "Val Brenta". After the battalion was disbanded its war flag was transferred to the shrine of the flags at the Vittoriano in Rome.
War flag and coat of arms
The Gold Medal of Military Valour displayed on the battalion's coat of arms and carried on the battalion's war flag was originally awarded to the 6th Alpini Regiment and duplicated during the 1975 reform for the flag of the "Val Chiese" battalion.
External links
Battaglione Alpini "Val Chiese" on vecio.it
Source
Franco dell'Uomo, R. di Rosa: "L'Esercito Italiano verso il 2000 - Volume Secondo - Tomo I", Rome 2001, Stato Maggiore dell'Esercito - Ufficio Storico, page: 507
References
Alpini Battalions of Italy
, also known as Bookman Jr., is a fictional character from Katsura Hoshino's manga D.Gray-man. Lavi is a friendly exorcist in charge of slaying "Akumas", monsters created by the Millennium Earl who wishes to destroy humanity. Lavi is training to become "bookman", a person who records events from the entire history, such as wars between civilization and exorcists, without interfering with civility. However, he is caring when it comes to the Black Order's exorcists and works with them, bonding with most of them. He has also appeared in the series' two anime adaptations, light novels, and video games.
Lavi was based on the title character of Hoshino's one-shot manga, Bookman. Despite his lack of appearances in later parts of the story, where he mainly provides comic relief, Hoshino found the character easy to illustrate. In the Japanese version of the first anime he was voiced by Kenichi Suzumura, while in the sequel, D.Gray-man Hallow, the role was taken by Natsuki Hanae. He also shares two voice actors in the English dub: Jason Liebrecht and Chris Patton.
The character of Lavi has been well-received by manga readers, placing third in each of D.Gray-mans popularity polls. Multiple types of merchandise based on him have been released. Critics have praised Lavi's characterization, mostly for his cheerful personality and his character arc, which involved creating bonds with the other exorcists that he is told not to befriend by Bookman, his mentor.
Creation and design
Katsura Hoshino based Lavi's cheerful personality on main characters from her previous manga. Lavi was intended to be the protagonist of her planned series, Book-man. Since Hoshino liked the character, she added him to D.Gray-man. Hoshino had the character's backstory planned by the start of the series, but was uncertain of how and when to explain it in the serialization. In the manga's 119th chapter, , Hoshino wanted the cover to symbolize him, representing Lavi's mind through images including a coffin that contains books and an empty cage. Hoshino stated that Lavi has nothing inside him as a result of not wishing to interact with other characters, leading to the point the coffin was nearly empty. Hoshino stated that this cover was one of her favorites.
Lavi was designed to stand out within the other exorcists, resulting in him getting multiple accessories like a bandanna and a scarf. Hoshino designed him
with "droopy eyes" and a cheerful disposition. Hoshino made to be a Lavi a pretty boy. His facial expressures were based on a real person Hoshino knew which was a scrapped idea planned for a minor character. She found Lavi easy to illustrate, specifically his drooping eyes which she regards as the most important part of his design. Designwise, Lavi was made to be the opposite of fellow character Yu Kanda but still felt the scarf might give her issues during drawings. However, she found it difficult to draw his smile due to his dark fate. Hoshino plans to write the truth behind Lavi's wish to become a Bookman and the reason why he wears an eyepatch. Lavi was going to have a bigger role in Alma Karma's story arc, but the large number of characters made this difficult. Hoshino was surprised by Lavi's popularity as he made it to the top ten from the last character poll despite his lack of appearances in later story arcs.
Lavi was voiced in Japanese by Kenichi Suzumura in the first D.Gray-man series. Suzumura was replaced by Natsuki Hanae in the sequel D.Gray-man Hallow. Hanae has said he is glad to play the role of Lavi since he has been reading the manga since he was a student. In English, he is voiced by Jason Liebrecht in episodes 13–26 and from episode 40 onward; Chris Patton assumed the role in episodes 27–39 while Liebrecht was recovering from a car accident.
Appearances
In D.Gray-man
Lavi is a cheerful 18-year-old red-haired exorcist introduced in D.Gray-mans 26th chapter. He is being trained by Bookman and aims to become a bookman, a person who records the hidden history of the world, and has been trained from a young age to achieve that goal. He initially works alongside the Black Order only to be close to the events he must witness, but he slowly becomes more attached to his Black Order friends and his bookman priorities are clouded by his growing concern for them. His weapon, named and referred to as , is capable of growing and extending to undefined sizes and lengths. It allows him to use "seals" that control several elements of nature. In his introduction, he quickly befriends the series' protagonist, Allen Walker, and they work together in two separate missions: a hunt for demons labelled as "Akuma" and an encounter with the Romanian "vampire" Arystar Krory III. Lavi and Allen become allies with Krory, who is later revealed to be an exorcist.
Shortly after meeting Krory, Lavi and Bookman join a group of exorcists to find the missing General Cross Marian, who is being targeted by the Millennium Earl's forces. During their journey to Japan, Allen is nearly killed in combat by Tyki Mikk, an immortal descendant from Noah aiding the Earl. Upon reaching Japan, Lavi tries to take revenge but learns that Allen has been recovering from the fight. Following the exorcists' reunion, Lavi is trapped alongside his allies within a dimension called Noah's Ark, where the exorcists must fight the Earl's allies in order to return home. During his battle against the Noah Road Kamelot, Lavi incinerates both his opponent and himself, but he is saved by Allen. Following the battle, the Ark collapses, but Cross Marian appears and makes Allen restore it.
The Noah Lulu Bell sends an army of Akuma to kill everybody in the Black Order. With his weapons broken, Lavi, along with Yu Kanda, aids wounded Allen and helps him face a highly evolved Akuma until they are saved by Lenalee Lee. Some time later, the Order and the Noah face each other again. Lavi and Bookman are kidnapped by the Clan of Noah, and parasites from the Noah were put into Lavi in an attempt to get Bookman to reveal information about the exiled 14th Noah, Nea D. Campbell.
In other media
Lavi also appears in the D.Gray-man light novels. He is the protagonist of one of the chapters from the second light novel, where he struggles to train becoming the next Bookman before his introduction in the manga. He makes a minor appearance in the third novel, where he briefly interacts with the scientist Rohfa. He is also present in both action video games based on the first anime series as a playable character. Outside the D.Gray-man franchise, Lavi is present in the crossover video game Jump Super Stars and is mentioned in the animated adaptation of the manga Gin Tama as part of a misunderstanding involving a letter about him.
Reception
Merchandise has been released based on Lavi, including figurines and keychains. In celebration of 2016's Halloween, new products involving Lavi were released in Japan, such as a vegetable juice. The character has ranked third in all D.Gray-man character popularity polls, behind Kanda and Allen. In a survey, Lavi was voted as the 4th best character voiced by Suzumura.
Critical response to Lavi's character has been positive. John Rose of The Fandom Post enjoyed Lavi's characterization and introduction due to his childish yet simultaneously mature personality. This left a good impression on the reviewer, who felt Hoshino kept creating appealing characters such as Lavi and Bookman. Rose also analyzed how Lavi befriends Allen in the story. Kimberly Morales of Animation Insider liked Lavi's character for not being allowed by Bookman to befriend other people, since he is supposed to be a neutral observer. Nevertheless, Lavi's introduction while aiding Allen during a fight against Akumas was notable according to the writer, despite that Lavi was the last protagonist to be introduced. Holly Ellingwood of Active Anime had a similar impression of the character due to how he aids the weakened Allen during the fight against the Akumas despite being unable to see them within crowds of people. Todd Douglass Jr. of DVDTalk enjoyed Lavi's first mission with Allen, due to the misunderstanding in which they believe Krory to be a vampire but learn over the course of the story that he is another exorcist. Yussif Osman of Japanator cited Lavi's backstory as an example of a "deep" element within the series, which made it stand out.
Manga Recon writers said that they considered Lavi, alongside Krory, one of the real heroes from the manga's 12th volume due to his actions against the Noah, Jasdevi. The reviewers also found his design much better than Allen's. Casey Brienza of Anime News Network (ANN) had mixed opinions of the presentation of Lavi's fight against the Noah Road Kamelot which, while it featured his character arc, was overshadowed by Allen's clash with Tyki Mikk. On the other hand, Ben Leary from the Fandom Post found Lavi's situation more enjoyable than the other fights from the same volume, but lamented it was not further explored in the book. IGNs Richard Osborn enjoyed Lavi's interactions with Allen and Lenalee Lee in Hallows first episode as they created lighthearted moments in a dark story. Anne Lauenroth of ANN instead felt that Lavi's comments in Hallow first episode might give a bigger insight into Allen's changing personality. Lauenroth also addressed Lavi's conflicted nature, initially believing that mankind will never change but developing across the story while befriending the exorcists. Animation Insider writers felt Jason Liebrecht did well voicing Lavi in the English dub of the series. However, Suzume Mizuno of DeCulture felt that changing Lavi's Japanese voice actors from Kenichi Suzumura to Natsuki Hanae might disappoint Hallow viewers due to the drastic change.
See also
References
D.Gray-man manga volumes by Katsura Hoshino. Original Japanese version published by Shueisha. English translation published by Viz Media.
D.Gray-man characters
Adoptee characters in anime and manga
Male characters in anime and manga
Fictional exorcists
A list of professional darts players.
See also
List of darts players who have switched organisation
PDC Order of Merit
Nine-dart finish
References
Elections to Kesteven County Council were held on Saturday, 9 April 1949. Kesteven was one of three divisions of the historic county of Lincolnshire in England; it consisted of the ancient wapentakes (or hundreds) of Aswardhurn, Aveland, Beltisloe, Boothby Graffoe, Flaxwell, Langoe, Loveden, Ness, and Winnibriggs and Threo. The Local Government Act 1888 established Kesteven as an administrative county, governed by a Council; elections were held every three years from 1889, until it was abolished by the Local Government Act 1972, which established Lincolnshire County Council in its place.
For the 1949 election, the county was divided into sixty wards, ten of which accounted for the town of Grantham, five for Stamford, three for Sleaford and two for Bourne. Every seat in Grantham was contested, but all of the nominated candidates for the towns of Bourne, Sleaford and Stamford were returned unopposed. The majority of the councillors returned were independents.
Results
Ancaster
Bassingham
Bennington
Billingborough
Billinghay
Bourne no. 1
Bourne no. 2
Bracebridge
Branston
Bytham
Caythorpe
Claypole
Colsterworth
Corby
Cranwell
Deeping St James
Dunston
Gonerby and Barrowby
Grantham no. 1
Grantham no. 2
Grantham no. 3
Grantham no. 4
Grantham no. 5
Grantham no. 6
Grantham no. 7
Grantham no. 8
Grantham no. 9
Grantham no. 10
Heckington
Helpringham
Kyme
Leadenham
Market Deeping
Martin
Metheringham
Morton
Navenby
North Hykeham
Osbournby
Ponton
N.B. Nomination papers were also received for John A. Widdowson, but were deemed invalid.
Rippingale
Ropsley
Ruskington
Scopwick
Skellingthorpe
Sleaford no. 1
Sleaford no. 2
Sleaford no. 3
Stamford no. 1
Stamford no. 2
Stamford no. 3
Stamford no. 4
Stamford no. 5
Swinderby
Thurlby
Uffington
Washingborough
Welby
Wilsford
Woolsthorpe
References
1949
Kesteven County Council election
20th century in Lincolnshire
Kesteven County Council election
John A. Tosh is a British historian and Professor Emeritus of History at Roehampton University. He gained his BA at the University of Oxford and his MA at the University of Cambridge. He was awarded his PhD by the University of London in 1973; his thesis topic being "Political Authority among the Langi of Northern Uganda, circa 1800–1939". He is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. In 1987–88 he held a visiting appointment at the University of California, Davis. At Roehampton University he teaches History, specifically "Reading and Writing History". He served as Vice-President of the Royal Historical Society from 1999 to 2002. He has also published several works on the history of masculinity in nineteenth-century Britain. He is currently preparing a critical analysis of the social applications of historical perspective in contemporary Britain.
Tosh's claim to originality and notability rests largely on his work as a historian and historiographer. Since the turn of the millennium, he has taken a leading role as a public historian in developing the history of masculinity and ensuring it has become an important dimension of social and cultural history. He has shown how domesticity, previously regarded as an aspect of women's history, also conditioned and influenced the lives of men and society. As a historiographer he has updated the way we look at the study of history and how we construct our knowledge of the past, as well as providing insight into the works of other historians and their impact on the study of the subject.
He is the father of philosopher Nick Tosh.
Works
Clan leaders and colonial chiefs in Lango: the political history of an East African stateless society, c1800–1939 (Clarendon Press, 1978)
Manful assertions:masculinities in Britain since 1800; joint editor with Michael Roper (Routledge, 1991)
A Man's Place: Masculinity and the Middle-Class Home in Victorian England (Yale University Press, 1999)
Historians on History: An Anthology (Pearson Education, 2000)
Masculinities in Politics and War: gendering modern history; joint editor with Stefan Dudink & Karen Hagenamm (Manchester University Press, 2004)
Manliness and masculinities in nineteenth-century Britain: essays on gender, family and empire (Pearson Longman, 2005)
The Pursuit of History: Aims, Methods and New Directions in the Study of Modern History (6th edn, Longman, 2015)
Why History Matters (Palgrave, 2008)
References
External links
: Staff profile at Roehampton University.
Interview with John Tosh.
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Academics of the University of Roehampton
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of the University of London
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Zdzisław Michalski (11 February 1928 – 28 September 1985) was a Polish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
References
1928 births
1985 deaths
Polish male rowers
Olympic rowers of Poland
Rowers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
The is a tram line operated by Toyama Chihō Railway in the city of Toyama, the capital of Toyama Prefecture. Tram commences at , beneath Toyama Station, and travels north to in a town of the Toyama Port on Sea of Japan.
The line is regarded as the first fully converted or constructed "light rail transit" (LRT) in Japan. Whilst other Japanese "LRTs" involve light rail rolling stock operating on original infrastructure, the "Portram" utilises new rolling stock on fully renovated infrastructure.
It has an official nickname "Portram'", after "port" (Toyama Port) and "tram".
Description
Also see the route diagram.
Distance: 7.85 km
Toyama-Eki – Okudachūgakkō-mae
under Tram Act, 1.35 km
Okudachūgakkōmae – Iwasehama
under Railway Business Act: 6.5 km
Stations: 14
Track: single
Doubling is planned at a short section of Okudachūgakkō-mae – east of Hatta bridge
Railway signalling: automatic
Depot: at Jōgawara
History
The Toyamakō Line was built as a heavy railway line by the private in 1924; it was electrified with 600 V DC overhead catenary. In December 1941, the company transferred the line to , which was renamed to the Toyama Chihō Railway in 1943. The line was nationalized in June 1943 by Imperial Japanese Government Railways due to line's importance as a freight and material route to the port of Toyama.
The Japanese National Railways (JNR) modified the Toyamakō Line's electrification system to 1500 V DC, the last to be altered among JNR lines acquired from private companies. When JNR was privatized in 1987, the line became part of the West Japan Railway Company (JR West) network. During the time JR West operated the Toyamakō Line (which ended on 28 February 2006) it suffered a long period of declining passengers and the resulting reduction in service. The Toyama Light Rail Company, a public-private partnership with the Hokuriku Electric Power Company, Intec, and the municipal and prefectural governments as major shareholders, was set up to own and operate the line. It was modified for light rail services and reopened on April 29, 2006, returning it to service under a Toyama-based company after half a century of outside management.
Prior to the line's transfer in 2006, patronage was 1,700 passengers on weekdays and fewer than 750 on weekends. Under Toyama Light Rail ownership, the line proved to be surprisingly successful: 12,750 people rode the line on the first day. By November 9, 2006, one million passengers had used the line.
Since March 21, 2020, with the completion of a north south tram link across Toyama Railway Station, Portram services through operate into the Toyama City Tram system.
Services
Approximately six services are operated in each direction per hour in the morning, 4 in the daytime to evening, 2 in the late night. Services typically through operate into the Toyama City Tram system.
The fare is JPY 200 for an adult, 100 for a child per ride, reduced to 160 for an adult and 80 for a child when using the Passca, a smart card ticketing system. Citizens of the city of Toyama over 65 years old are entitled to pay JPY 100 per ride in the daytime with the "Silver Passca".
"Feeder bus" services are provided at Hasumachi and Jōgawara.
Rolling stock
Nicknamed "Portram", differently coloured 7 formations of TLR0600 type manufactured by Niigata Transys using Bombardier Transportation design, engineering, and technology, were introduced to the line.
Former
72 series (from 1967 until 1985)
457/471/475 series (from 1985 until 2006)
413 series (until 2005)
Stations
All stations are in the city of Toyama, Toyama Prefecture. For distances and connections, see the route diagram.
The naming rights of two stations were sold (shown by *), of four which were on sale.
(富山駅)
(オークスカナルパークホテル富山前停留場)
* (インテック本社前駅)
(龍谷富山高校前（永楽町）停留場)
(奥田中学校前駅)
(下奥井駅)
(Ōsakaya-Shop-mae)* (粟島 (大阪屋ショップ前) 駅)
(越中中島駅)
(城河原駅)
(犬島新町)
(蓮町駅)
(大広田駅)
(東岩瀬駅)
(競輪場前駅)
(岩瀬浜駅)
See also
List of light-rail transit systems
List of railway lines in Japan
References
External links
Railway lines in Japan
Tram transport in Japan
Toyama (city)
Railway lines opened in 1924
Rail transport in Toyama Prefecture
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Japanese third-sector railway lines
600 V DC railway electrification
Emma Long Metropolitan Park is a large municipal park in northwest Austin, Texas (United States). The park is on the shores of Lake Austin and was originally called City Park. The park features open space, camp sites, boat ramps, picnic table sites and a designating swimming area.
In 1939, Civilian Conservation Corps Company 1805 that had just finished Bastrop State Park moved to the site to begin developing the tract of land into a municipal park. The company's primary work included seeding and sodding grass, planting trees, and protecting the bank of the lake from erosion. They built docks, piers and a boathouse. They also built a wooden bath house and concession stand. These wooden structures burned and were replaced with stone structures that are still in use.
In 1984, the Austin City Council renamed the park after Emma Long, a former Austin City Council Member. Long was the first woman to serve on the council of a large city in Texas. She also served as the first woman Mayor Pro Tem from 1967-1969.
References
External links
Official website
Parks in Austin, Texas
George Mohn "Doc" Bohler (February 8, 1887 – December 10, 1968) was an American football, basketball, and baseball coach. He served as the head football coach at Mississippi College (1925–1927), Auburn University (1928–1929), and Louisiana Tech University (1930–1933), compiling a career college football record of 34–38–1. Bohler was also the head basketball coach at the University of Oregon (1920–1923), Auburn (1928–1929), and the University of Mississippi (1935–1938), amassing a career college basketball mark of 96–81, and served as the head baseball coach at Oregon (1921–1923), tallying a record of 11–43.
Bohler was born on February 8, 1887. He died in December 1968 in Silver Spring, Maryland. He was a brother of Fred Bohler and Roy Bohler.
Coaching career
From 1928 to 1929, Bohler coached football and basketball at Auburn. He compiled a 3–11 record with the Auburn Tigers football team and a 6–15 record with the basketball team. From 1930 to 1933, Bohler coached football at Louisiana Tech, where he had greater success. He posted a 15–17 record in four seasons. His 1931 team went undefeated at 7–0.
Head coaching record
Football
Notes
References
External links
1887 births
1968 deaths
American men's basketball players
Auburn Tigers football coaches
Auburn Tigers men's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from Pennsylvania
Basketball players from Pennsylvania
Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football coaches
Mississippi College Choctaws football coaches
Mississippi College Choctaws men's basketball coaches
Ole Miss Rebels football coaches
Ole Miss Rebels men's basketball coaches
Oregon Ducks baseball coaches
Oregon Ducks men's basketball coaches
People from Berks County, Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from the Delaware Valley
Washington State Cougars men's basketball players
The Very Best Day () is a Russian comedy film directed by Zhora Kryzhovnikov. It is the highest-grossing Russian film of 2015, which raised more than $10.5 million at the box office.
Plot
The Provincial Road Officer Petya Vasyutin (Dmitry Nagiev) is going to marry his beloved girl Ole (Yuliya Aleksandrova), but succumbs to the splendor of the capital's pop star Alina Shyopot (Olga Seryabkina). Having got to him drunk at the wheel, she decides to seduce Petya to avoid punishment. Having lost his fiancée, Vasyutin for a long time tries to correct his mistakes and return his beloved.
Cast
Dmitry Nagiev as Petya Vasyutin
Olga Seryabkina as Alina Shyopot
Yuliya Aleksandrova as Olya, Petya's girlfriend
Sergey Lavygin as Valentin
Inna Churikova as Lyubov Vasyutina, Petya's mother
Mikhail Boyarsky as Gennady Vasyutin
Elena Yakovleva as Tatyana, Olya's mother
Vladislav Vetrov as Vikenty Mikhailovich
Yan Tsapnik as Head of road police
Andrey Malakhov as cameo
Awards and nominations
Golden Eagle Awards 2017
Elena Yakovleva — Best Supporting Actress (won)
Nika Awards 2017
Mikhail Boyarsky — Best Supporting Actor (nominated)
References
External links
2015 films
2010s musical comedy films
Russian musical comedy films
Russian films based on plays
Great Barn is an historic building in the English civil parish of Ightenhill, Lancashire. Built around 1605 about west of Gawthorpe Hall, it is now a Grade I listed building.
See also
Grade I listed buildings in Lancashire
Listed buildings in Ightenhill
References
1605 establishments in England
Grade I listed barns
Alan Saperstein (born February 1, 1959) is an American Internet entrepreneur in the video and digital media field. He is recognized for his accomplishments in the streaming media field as the first person to broadcast video on the Internet in a commercial application with a product called Hotelview in 1993. Saperstein is the co-founder of Visual Data Corporation, now called Onstream Media Corporation.
Biography
Alan Saperstein was born on February 1, 1959, in Englewood, New Jersey. He graduated from the School of Visual Arts in 1981 with a degree in Cinematography and went to work for NFL Films as Director of the Entertainment Division. Saperstein used off-season National Football League cameramen to cover large multi-camera arena rock performances by artists such as Journey, Billy Squier, Cyndi Lauper, and Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band for major record labels and MTV. Saperstein was the first music video producer to employ the use of the Skycam in a live concert setting.
In 1992, Saperstein co-founded Visual Data Corporation with partner Randy Selman. Visual Data was the first company to feature streaming video on the Internet in June 1993 with HotelView, a travel library of two-minute videos featuring thousands of hotel properties worldwide. By 1998, they created an online webcasting software as a service (SaaS) product called VisualWebcaster. It is responsible for over 150 thousand webcasts to date, and is used by many major public companies to broadcast their earnings calls every quarter.
In 1999, Saperstein and Selman, seeing the coming of both Internet video media services and user generated video, developed tools to help non-IT staff manage and stream digital video for their websites. They purchased several companies with various technologies and hired government contractor SAIC to help build and integrate the core infrastructure of a Digital Media Services Platform. This Platform is used by several thousand companies, providing live and on-demand videos to millions of their online customers every day.
The company was renamed Onstream Media in 2004. Onstream Media today is called upon to handle and facilitate unusually large live streaming events for very high-profile entertainment, corporate and government clients. One of the largest grossing online pay-per-view concerts in history, The Allman Brothers Band 40th Anniversary, was produced and live streamed from the Beacon theatre NYC by Onstream Media.
Virtual Trade Shows
In late 2010 Saperstein and Selman developed "MarketPlace 365" the first online Virtual tradeshow, giving visitors a non-downloadable, browser based
experience of walking through the halls of a tradeshow, where companies could display their goods and interact live with sales people through video.
The product was too early and was not popular with many attendees at that time. https://web.archive.org/web/20101222033119/http://www.marketplace365.com/Marketing/index.asp
Today Onstream uses its virtual event software, along with its integrated live streaming technologies, to conduct hundreds of virtual tradeshows which has become very popular since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Technology Patents
Saperstein and his partners have been granted a family of streaming video patents that are being utilized by many of the world's largest companies today in capturing, streaming and storing millions of hours of video content worldwide.*(https://news.bloomberglaw.com/ip-law/facebook-live-infringes-patents-webcast-tech-company-says)
References
https://www.historyofinformation.com/detail.php?id=1430
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alan-saperstein-a761832/
https://news.bloomberglaw.com/ip-law/facebook-live-infringes-patents-webcast-tech-company-says
External links
http://www.onstreammedia.com
https://xcytedigital.com
1959 births
Living people
American businesspeople
James William Gazlay (July 23, 1784 – June 8, 1874) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1823 to 1825.
Biography
Born in New York City, Gazlay moved with his parents to Dutchess County, New York, in 1789.
He attended the common schools, after which he pursued an academic course.
He studied law in Poughkeepsie, New York.
He was admitted to the bar in 1809 and practiced.
He moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1813 and continued the practice of law.
Gazlay was elected as a Jackson Republican to the Eighteenth Congress (March 4, 1823 – March 3, 1825).
His opponent was Ohio State Senator and future President William Henry Harrison. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1824 to the Nineteenth Congress.
Edited a weekly paper called the Western Tiller in 1826 and 1827.
He engaged in literary pursuits.
He died in Cincinnati, Ohio, June 8, 1874.
He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
Sources
1784 births
1874 deaths
Politicians from Cincinnati
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Herschel Whitfield Arant (July 18, 1887 – January 14, 1941), frequently known as H. W. Arant, was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit and former dean of the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law.
Education and career
Born in Church Hill, Alabama, Arant received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Alabama in 1910. He went on to receive a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University in 1911, a Master of Arts degree from the same institution in 1913, and a Bachelor of Laws from Yale Law School in 1915. Arant entered private practice in Atlanta, Georgia from 1915 to 1920. He was a professor of law at the Emory University School of Law from 1916 to 1920, and then the Yale Law School as an assistant professor from 1920 to 1922. He was a professor of law and dean at the University of Kansas School of Law from 1922 to 1928, and then moved to hold the same positions at the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law from 1928 to 1939.
Federal judicial service
Arant was nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on February 9, 1939, to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, to a new seat authorized by 52 Stat. 584. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 21, 1939, and received his commission on March 4, 1939. His service terminated on January 14, 1941, due to his death.
References
Sources
External links
Herschel Whitfield Arant, History of the Sixth Circuit
1887 births
1941 deaths
University of Alabama alumni
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
United States court of appeals judges appointed by Franklin D. Roosevelt
20th-century American judges
Yale Law School alumni
Emory University faculty
Yale Law School faculty
University of Kansas faculty
Ohio State University faculty
Moritz College of Law faculty
People from Tallapoosa County, Alabama
USS Adela was a steamer captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
Service history
Confederate blockade runner
In the spring of 1862, when the American Civil War was about a year old, Adela – a fast, iron-hulled, sidewheel steamer which had been operating out of Belfast, Ireland, as a merchantman—was purchased by some now unidentified agent who planned to use her for carrying arms and other contraband cargo through the Union blockade to the Confederacy. She steamed in ballast via Glasgow to Liverpool in May and—toward the end of that month—cleared the latter port, bound for the Bahamas where she planned to fill her holds with ordnance for the Confederate forces. After a stop en route at Bermuda, the ship got underway on 4 July and headed for the island of New Providence in the Bahamas to take on her forbidden cargo at Nassau and to prepare for a dash through the Union blockade. Shortly after dawn on the 7th, lookouts on Northern warships, and , spotted the would-be blockade runner northwest of Great Abaco Island, endeavoring to evade them. The blockaders immediately gave chase.
As the three speeding vessels approached New Providence, Quaker City hoisted the Stars and Stripes and fired a shell across Adela's bow, signaling her to heave to. After the fleeing steamer had ignored not only that round, but a second in the same direction and two more behind her stern, Quaker City sent a fifth shell directly into her stubborn quarry. Nevertheless, despite having taken a damaging direct hit, the sidewheeler continued her efforts to get away. Finally, a sixth shot into Adela's beam persuaded her commanding officer, James Walker—a former master of the Cunard Line's famed sidewheeler Great Eastern – to stop. A prize crew from Quaker City boarded the British steamer, and the Union warship towed the captured vessel to Key West, Florida, where she was turned over to the Admiralty court.
British authorities strongly protested this action by the Union blockaders, demanding the release of the ship and of two bags of mail which the prize had been carrying. One had been taken on board at Liverpool and the other at Bermuda. The ensuing protracted diplomatic relations delayed the United States attorney at Key West as he attempted to press charges against the ship, but did not save her from ultimate condemnation. The Union case was strengthened by the fact that Adela's master removed the mail bags from the courthouse and destroyed their contents which was thereafter presumed to contain evidence of forbidden activity. Once the vessel finally had been condemned, the Navy purchased her on 23 May 1863.
Union Navy career
The former blockade runner was then fitted out at the New York Navy Yard for blockade duty off the Confederate coast. No logs for the ship seem to have survived, and no other documents have been found which record the date of her being placed in commission by the Union Navy. However, we do know that her active service began on or before 13 June 1863, for on that night Adela – commanded by Acting Volunteer Lt. Louis N. Stodder left the navy yard, bound for Key West, Florida, to join the East Gulf Blockading Squadron. Meanwhile, during the time Adela was being prepared for active service, CSS Florida and CSS Clarence – a Northern merchant brig which the former Confederate cruiser had captured on 6 May 1863, armed, and commissioned as a raider—were causing great consternation among merchants in the North by voraciously preying upon Union shipping. As a result, on 13 June 1863—the day of Adela's first getting underway as a Union warship – Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles telegraphed the commandant of the New York Navy Yard orders to send whatever vessels he had available to sea in pursuit of Clarence. Adela was one of the vessels that responded to this call to action. Word of her new mission overtook her in the wee hours of the 14th while she was still in the vicinity of New York; and she cruised south as far as Ocracoke Inlet, North Carolina, overhauling and boarding every vessel that she encountered. The papers of each were found to be in order, and all were allowed to resume their voyages.
She put into Hampton Roads, Virginia, on the 18th to re-coal and to obtain further orders. Welles wired Stodder instructions to resume the hunt; and, after getting underway again on the 20th, Adela sailed off Indian River Inlet, searching for . On 12 June 1863, the Confederate naval officer, Lt. Charles William Read, in CSS Clarence had captured the bark Tacony and, upon learning from the prize's log that she was a faster sailer than Clarence, transferred his crew and ordnance to Tacony and burned Clarence. Stodder then returned to sea and heard from a passing merchantman that Tacony had been seen heading southeast. Adela cruised unsuccessfully in that direction until her depleted bunkers prompted Stodder to change to a southwesterly course toward Port Royal, South Carolina. After taking on coal at that Union naval base, the ship got underway on 30 June and arrived in Hampton Roads, Virginia, of the morning of 3 July.
Meanwhile, Lt. Read—after learning from prisoners captured in his prizes that many Union warships were at sea searching for Tacony – had again changed ships, shifting to the captured schooner Archer on the night of 24 and 25 June. In her he entered the harbor at Portland, Maine, during the evening twilight of the 26th and anchored without arousing suspicion. At 0130 the following morning, he and most of his men clambered up the sides of Caleb Gushing and took over that revenue cutter from her astonished and sleepy crew. However, Read's spectacular series of successes was nearing its climax. He was forced to surrender at 1130 to the commandeered Boston Line steamer Forrest City. Thus, the end of the threat from Lt. Read, the ship-hopping commerce raider, freed Adela to turn her attention back to her original assignment, service in the East Gulf Blockading Squadron. She steamed from the Virginia Capes back to New York for voyage repairs and re-provisioning at the New York Navy Yard.
On 7 July, Gideon Welles ordered Stodder ". . . to proceed with the U.S.S. Adela to Key West . . . ," but the steamer was not ready until late in the month and departed New York on the 30th. No record of her voyage to Florida waters seems to have survived, but the ship must have reached Key West, Florida, by 28 August, for she was then under orders to take blockade station off St. Andrew Sound. The steamer served in that body of water until the later part of September, when she proceeded to Tampa Bay to relieve the screw gunboat Sagamore which had been patrolling there.
On 13 October, joined Adela in Tampa Bay. That screw gunboat's commanding officer, Lt. Comdr. Alexander A. Semmes, had instructions from the commandant of the East Gulf Blockading Squadron, Rear Admiral Theodorus Bailey, to land an armed expedition—manned by detachments from Adela and his own ship—to destroy two blockade runners that were reportedly anchored in the Hillsborough River, loading cotton. On the morning of the 16th, the two Northern warships moved in closer to Tampa, Florida, and, when some 2,000 yards from Fort Brooke, began bombarding the batteries which protected the town. The shelling was primarily intended to divert the attention of Confederate forces from the real purpose of expedition—the blockade runners. To confirm the false impression that the Union forces intended to land northeast of the fort, Semmes had some stakes placed in that vicinity. The ruse seems to have succeeded for his report of the expedition stated that ". . . that night quite a force was sent there to oppose a landing."
When the guns in Fort Brooke did not respond to the fire from the gunboats, Tahoma and Adela slackened the pace of their cannonade, but fired intermittently thereafter until they withdrew late in the afternoon. Then, under cover of darkness, they lowered several boats and filled them with 100 men—60 from Tahoma and 40 from Adela – several officers, and a guide. The men pulled stealthily for shore, landed on the western shore of Old Tampa Bay, and marched some 14 miles through the dark swampland to the Hillsboro River. The guide who directed the Union sailors to the blockade runners, Mr. James Henry Thompson—a resident of Florida loyal to the Union—was so ill that he had to be carried on a litter. When they finally reached the river bank they found the blockade runners—steamer Scottish Chief and sloop Kate Dale – floating in the stream. The men from the Northern ships put the torch to both vessels and, once sure that the cotton-laden Confederate ships were ablaze and damaged beyond possible salvage, retired along the path whence they had come.
However, two men escaped from the burning ships, fled to Tampa, Florida, and alerted Southern defense forces of the Northern raid. As the Union sailors neared the shore, they encountered and attacked an armed Confederate scouting party dressed in civilian garb. In the ensuing melee, they captured two of the Southerners before the others took to their heels. A short time later, the Yankees emerged on the beach, only to learn that mounted Confederate troops, reinforced by infantry, were lurking in the woods nearby. Meanwhile, lookouts on the Union gunboats spotted their returning shipmates; and, almost immediately, boats were lowered and their crews began pulling for shore. Then the Southerners opened fire from the forest and managed to kill two sailors, to wound 10 others—one mortally, and to capture five. The rest of the raiders entered the boats and returned safely to their ships. During the fighting ashore, Adela shelled the thicket to help the landing party to re-embark. Among the casualties suffered by the landing force, one of the two killed outright was from Adela's crew and one of her four wounded died soon after returning. One of her men was captured.
Soon after participating in this successful but costly action, Adela moved to St. George's Sound, took station off the East Pass to that body of water before the end of October, and served well into the spring of 1864. The most interesting event during her protracted service at that place did not involve her directly. Early in May, Confederate forces completed plans for a joint Army-Navy operation whose ". . . object was . . ."in the words of Lt. William Budd of the Union converted ferryboat Somerset, " ... the capture of the U.S.S. Adela, intending in the event of their being successful, to carry her into Mobile, or to burn her ..." Budd learned of this plan and, on the night of 12 May, landed an expedition from his ship and the schooner near the town of Apalachicola, Florida. This group of fighting Union sailors dispersed the Confederate forces as they were embarking and captured six of their seven boats, a large amount of equipment, and four of their men.
About this time, Adela shifted to the West Pass of St. George's Sound and was stationed there into August when she shifted to the West Pass of Apalachicola, Florida. She served at that post into September when she moved to St. Marks, Florida. The steamer was back off St. George's Sound—this time the middle entrance—on 6 November when a lookout on the masthead reported a strange sail. When Stodder ordered his engineers to get up steam, the stranger headed close to the breakers. Adela then launched her boats which rowed through the dangerous surf and took possession of the Confederate schooner Badger. The Southern vessel had just left St. Marks, bound for Havana, Cuba, laden with cotton. Later in the month, Adela steamed north to New York. Following repairs in the navy yard there which lasted until late in March, the ship was assigned to the Potomac Flotilla, and she guarded the water approaches to Washington, D.C., during the troubled days following the assassination of President Lincoln. After the Potomac Flotilla was disbanded at the end of July, the ship returned to New York. Since her logs have apparently not survived, the ship decommissioning date is unknown, but she was sold at public auction at New York City on 30 November 1865. Her subsequent career remains a mystery.
References
Notes
Ships of the Union Navy
Steamships of the United States Navy
Gunboats of the United States Navy
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
1862 ships
Vessels captured by the United States Navy
Several vessels have been named Spy:
After the Royal Navy sold in 1773, between 1773 and 1780 she became the transport Spy.
was launched in Liverpool in 1777. She traded locally until 1781 when her owners renamed her Spy and placed her in the slave trade. The French Navy captured her in 1782 in the West Indies as she was arriving to deliver her cargo of enslaved people.
was built in France in 1780, almost surely under another name, and taken in prize. The British East India Company (EIC) purchased her in 1781 and used her for almost two years as a fast packet vessel and cruiser based in St Helena. It then sold her and she became a London-based slave ship, making two voyages carrying enslaved people in the triangular trade, in the Middle Passage from West Africa to the West Indies. She then became a whaler, making seven whaling voyages between 1786 and 1795. She was probably wrecked in August 1795 on a voyage as a government transport.
was a 16-gun French privateer corvette launched at Nantes. The British captured her in 1793 and named her HMS Espion. The French recaptured her in 1794 and took her into service as Espion. The British recaptured her in 1795, but there being another Espion in service by then, the British renamed their capture HMS Spy. She served under that name until the Navy sold her in 1801. Spy then became a slave ship, a merchantman to South America, and privateer again. The French captured her in mid-1805 and sent her into Guadeloupe.
See also
Ship names
The Billington family is a British family of English nationality which has had a history in England as state employed executioners (around 1884 to 1905) as well as several members who ventured into the world of combat sports and professional wrestling. Men of the family have been noted for their rather short height. Two of the family's sports oriented members would go on to marry into the Canadian Hart wrestling family.
Notable members
Executioners
James Billington
James Billington (1847 – 13 December 1901) was a hangman for the British government from 1884 until 1901. Billington was said to have had a "lifelong fascination" with hanging, and made replica gallows in his back yard on which he practised with weights and dummies and, it was rumoured locally, stray dogs and cats. Billington died at home from bronchitis in the early hours of 13 December 1901, one month after his last execution. Billington had three sons – Thomas, William, and John – who all ended up being executioners. He had also been a wrestler in his youth.
Thomas Billington
Thomas Billington (born 1872 - December 1901) was an English executioner from 1897 to 1901. He was the oldest son of James Billington. He gained a job as an assistant executioner in 1897 thanks to his father. He usually worked as an assistant to his father or brother, William. In December 1901, James Billington died. Thomas died in December 1901, within a month of his father of pneumonia at the age of 29.
William Billington
William Billington (1875 – 1952) was an English executioner. He was on the Home Office list from 1902 to 1905. William was second son of executioner James Billington, and carried out his first hanging in July 1899, and underwent formal training in early 1900. After his father died in December 1901, William became the principal executioner for England. He was at first assisted by his older brother Thomas and then by his younger brother John, along with Henry Pierrepoint.
John Billington
John Billington (1880 – October 1905) was an English executioner. He was on the Home Office list from 1901 to 1905. Billington was the youngest son of James Billington In early 1902, at the age of 21, John attended an execution training course at Newgate Prison. His brother William was England's primary executioner by this time, and the two became collaborators. They first worked together on 18 March of that year. John was the assistant for ten of William's commissions in 1902. He helped perform the last execution at Newgate and the first one at Pentonville. Billington died at age 25 in 1905 from injuries sustained through an accident.
Sportspeople
Thomas, Eric and Billy Billington
Thomas Billington was an English bare-knuckle boxer. Billington was known to be a bully in his area and was a highly dreaded figure among his neighbours, no one was allowed to walk outside of his house and no one went near in fear of being victims of his ferocious nature. His wife was called Ellen and he had five children. Eric, William (Bill or Billy for short), Raymond, Mavis and Joyce. Thomas died of lung cancer.
Eric Billington, (born 2 January 1931). Thomas and Ellen's oldest son became a professional boxer. During his professional boxing career he was active between 1947 and 1955. He boxed as a lightweight or welterweight and participated in about 91 professional contests. He competed for the Central Area Welterweight Title.
Billy Billington was a boxer and the son of Thomas and Ellen Billington. He had four children, Thomas, Carol, Julie and Mark. He always intended for his oldest son Thomas (often called Tom or Tommy) to become a great boxer and trained him from a very young age. He also introduced his son to former wrestler “Dr Death” Ted Betley who became Thomas's wrestling trainer.
Joyce Billington Smith was the daughter of Thomas Billington and the wife of Sid Smith. Sid and Joyce had four children, David, Terrence, Joanne and Tracy.
Tom Billington
Thomas "Tom" Billington (5 December 1958 – 5 December 2018), better known by his ring name The Dynamite Kid, was a British professional wrestler and son of Billy Billington. Trained by former wrestler “Dr Death” Ted Betley, He was best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF; now known as WWE), Stampede Wrestling, All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). Billington is considered by many to be one of the greatest in ring performers in wrestling history and has inspired many other successful wrestlers such as Chris Benoit, Daniel Bryan, Becky Lynch, Stone Cold Steve Austin and countless others.
He was also during his career well known for his short temper and has been referred to as a bully by many of his fellow wrestlers. He once broke his brother-in-law Bruce Hart's jaw with one punch after he felt that Hart had slighted him.
From 1982 to 1991, Tom was married to Michelle Smadu, the younger sister of Bret Hart's first wife Julie Smadu.
Davey Boy Smith
David "Davey Boy" Smith (27 November 1962 – 18 May 2002) was a British professional wrestler. He was the son of Sid Smith and Joyce Billington who was the daughter of Thomas Billington. Smith is best known for his tenures in the WWF, NJPW and Stampede Wrestling. Smith married Diana Hart of the Hart wrestling family.
Harry Smith
Harry Francis Smith (born 2 August 1985), better known by the ring names Davey Boy Smith Jr and David Hart Smith, is a British Canadian pro wrestler. He's best known for his time in Stampede Wrestling, the WWE and NJPW. He is the son of Davey Boy Smith and Diana Hart. Outside of professional wrestling Smith has considered and trained in mixed martial arts.
Notes
References
Sources
Further reading
Professional wrestling families
English executioners
British families
A Watermark for data synchronization describes an object of a predefined format which provides a point of reference for two systems/datasets attempting to establish delta/incremental synchronization; any object in the queried data source which was created, modified/changed, and/or deleted after the watermark value was established will be qualified as "above watermark" and could/should be returned to a delta-querying partner
Methodology
Watermark term is often used in Directory Synchronization software development projects. For example, products such as Microsoft Exchange Server, Active Directory, Active Directory Application Mode (ADAM), and Microsoft Identity Integration Server 2003/ Microsoft Identity Lifecycle Manager Server 2007, as well as Cisco Unified Communications Manager or Sun Microsystems IPlanet and other LDAP-based directory products are using DirSync and consequently will consume "watermark" object to provide efficient synchronization between directories. Watermark object sometimes can be referred as "cookie".
DirSync control implementation can differ from product to product, however concept of watermark will allow any product to read changes in the directory incrementally.
See also
Watermark (disambiguation)
Microsoft Active Directory
Microsoft Identity Integration Server
High-water mark (computer security)
References
"LDAP Control for Directory Synchronization" Microsoft Corporation
External links
Understanding run profiles in MIIS 2003
Microsoft Publishes Open Directory-Synchronization Interface
Understanding the Directory
LDAP Control for Directory
Data synchronization
Directory services
Isheeta Ganguly is an Indian-American singer, playwright, director and filmmaker. She is an exponent of Rabindra Sangeet with 8 albums to her credit. She is known for her contribution to Indian fusion music, and has released several music albums, notably Tomari Nam Bolbo, Ghare Baire, Nutan Jouboner Dut, Damaru I Feel Your Rhythm, Pather Pradip Jwale, Tumhi Shundaro Beshe Eshecho and Aj Khela Bhangar Khela. As a playwright, she is known for her plays Three Women, Shakuntala Awaits, and Sundays with Chitra and Chaitali.
Early life and education
Ganguly was born in Kolkata, India and raised in Princeton, New Jersey, USA as well as Turkey, Japan, and Indonesia. As a child, she began to cultivate her passion for Tagore's music through LP records until she began her formal training in Rabindra Sangeet from Suchitra Mitra. Isheeta received her training in Indian classical music from Vijay Kitchku and A.T. Kanan.
Isheeta learnt the art of musical theatre curation and direction from Suchitra Mitra and further honed her music and performing artistry as an undergraduate at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. She has done her Masters in Public Health from Columbia University and spent over a decade as a management consultant at PricewaterhouseCoopers, Pfizer and Sesame Workshop.
Career
Ganguly started her musical career at the age of 15 when she released her first music album of Tagore songs, Tomari Nam Bolbo. She released several music albums through record labels such as T-series, Saregama, and Times Music. Her notable albums include Ghare Baire, Nutan Jouboner Dut, Pather Pradip Jwale, Tumhi Shundaro Beshe Eshecho and Aj Khela Bhangar Khela (I nd II).
In August 2010, Ganguly released her eighth studio album, Damaru, which is inspired by the music of Rabindranath Tagore. It is one of the most prominent international Tagore fusion albums with Times Music featuring a voice-over by actor John Abraham on Tagore's Where The Mind Is Without Fear. This was created in collaboration with New York-based producer Phil Levy and Grammy award winner Tanmoy Bose, Shantanu Moitra and Swanand Kirkire created folk-pop tracks on the multi-lingual album, Damaru, which include Aona and Sanjhari De Bat.
Ganguly was a part of several multi-cultural productions and performing arts groups at Brown University and collaborated with the Battery Dance company and Jonathan Hollander on Tagore fusion and ballet performance at the Florence Gould Hall in New York City in 2000. Thereafter she joined hands with a renowned danseuse Mallika Sarabhai for collaboration on Tagore's Still I Rise at the Alvin Ailey Dance Company in New York City.
Ganguly also began performing annually at the NYSIFF (New York India South Asian Festival) for stalwarts such as James Ivory, Ismail Merchant, Martin Scorsese, Harry Belafonte and others. Among, Ganguly's other New York City appearances, she has performed for Chelsea Clinton at the Intrepid Museum, Rubin Museum, at the Public Theatre and at the Lincoln Centre.
Ganguly has collaborated with Tanushree Shankar for Chiranthan with a voice-over done by Amitabh Bachchan. She has performed Rabindra Sangeet both in India and the US. In February 2013, she performed pieces ranging from Vande Mataram to Tagore's Ekla Chalo Re at Kala Ghoda Arts Festival in Mumbai, collaborating with Shabana Azmi. She dedicated Ekla Chalo Re to Nirbhaya, the 2012 Delhi gang rape and murder case victim. In January 2014, she performed at Indian Council for Cultural Relations, Kolkata, with Priyanshu Chatterjee.
Theatre
As a playwright and theatre director, she has written and directed various plays, including Sundays with Chitra and Chaitali, Three Women, Shakuntala Awaits.
Her first musical theatre – Three Women (based on Tagore's sister-in-law Kadambari Devi) is a dramatic comedy which created a sensation in both India and overseas. The second musical theatre dramatic comedy production Sundays with Chitra and Chaitali, which is based on the story of Chitra in the Mahabharata created an equal sensation. The soundtrack for this has been done by Pritam.
Reviewing her play, Sundays with Chitra and Chaitali, Purba Dutt of Times of India said, In the hands of director Isheeta Ganguly, the past and the present blend beautifully to form a continuum where situations change but the crux remains the same and as relevant now as it was then, a few thousand years ago.
Her third production Shakuntala Awaits, features Indian American actors Samrat Chakrabarti, Purva Bedi and is scheduled to be featured in an off broadway run in January 2022 at the Here Theatre in New York City.
Films
Ganguly is a screenwriter with Yash Raj Films. She currently has two films in development in the US which are adaptations of her plays, Three Women and Shakuntala Awaits.
Discography
Albums
Personal life
She lives in Mumbai with her husband and two sons.
References
Bengali singers
Indian women playback singers
Singers from Kolkata
Rabindra Sangeet exponents
Brown University alumni
21st-century Indian singers
Indian women classical singers
Musicians from West Bengal
Women musicians from West Bengal
20th-century Indian women singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
KTBC may refer to:
KTBC (TV), the Fox owned-and-operated station for Austin, Texas
KLBJ (AM), a radio station in Austin, Texas, which previously held the KTBC call sign
KLBJ-FM, a radio station in Austin Texas, which previously held the KTBC-FM call sign
This is a list of vehicles used by the U.S. Army Signal Corps from World War I through World War II.
Designations
Vehicles specifically designed or adapted for the Signal Corps were initially designated by a "K" number. The K-number was later phased out along with the Signal Corps Radio nomenclature system, and was replaced by a "V" number under the Joint Electronics Type Designation System (JETDS).
K numbers
V numbers
JETDS was adopted 16 February 1943
See also
Signal Corps Radio
List of military vehicles of World War II
List of U.S. military vehicles by supply catalog designation
List of U.S. military vehicles by model number
List of military electronics of the United States
Notes
References
TM 9-2800 Standard Military Motor Vehicles. dated 1 sept. 1943
TM 9-2800 Military vehicles dated October 1947
TM 11-227 Signal Communication Directory. dated 10 April 1944
TM 11-364 K-44-B Truck and earth borer equipment HD
TM 11-487 Electrical Communication systems Equipment. dated 2 October 1944
TM 11-487-C1 military standardization handbook dated 1965
T/O&E 44-16, Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, Antiaircraft Artillery Gun Battalion, Mobile, dated 17 November 1944
T/O&E 11-57, Armored Signal Company, dated 15 September 1943
External links
https://books.google.com/books?id=3XcMAAAAYAAJ&printsec=frontcover&dq=ameraca%27s+munitions+1918#PPA1,M1 production numbers and manufacturers
http://sdr.lib.umich.edu/cgi/pt?id=mdp.39015062770162 signal corps storage catalogue 1920
https://earlyradiohistory.us/1916sc.htm early systems
http://www.monmouth.army.mil/historian/photodisp.php?fname=Field_Radio_Set_circa1908.jpg&dirname=Radio first mobile radio?
https://web.archive.org/web/20081028220440/http://www.transchool.eustis.army.mil/Museum/ExhibitsIndex.htm
http://www.mobileradar.org/radar_descptn_2.html MobileRadar.org
http://www.cckw.org/TM9-2800.htm Army manual TM 9-2800
http://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/USMC/ref/Amphibious/Amphibious-5.html#armynavy Historic Mobilization Lists
https://web.archive.org/web/20120507015819/http://www.signal.army.mil/ocos/museum/equipment.asp Fort Gordon Museum, SCR and BC list
k-13/k-14 trailers
http://www.tpub.com/content/radar/TM-11-487C-1/index.htm V-numbers
http://www.maritime.org/doc/ecat/index.htm
Signal Corps vehicles
World War II American electronics
United States history-related lists
Signal Corps vehicles
U.S. Signal Corps vehicles
Military vehicles of the United States
United States military-related lists
Equipment of the United States Air Force
United States Army lists
Robinson Creek is a stream located within Pike County, Kentucky. It is a tributary of Shelby Creek.
Robinson Creek has the name of Joseph Robinson, who settled near it.
See also
List of rivers of Kentucky
References
Rivers of Pike County, Kentucky
Rivers of Kentucky
The 2015 Ghana Movie Awards was held at the Accra International Conference Center on 30 December 2015.
Awards
This is a list of nominations. Winners were announced on 30 December 2015.
References
2015 film awards
Ghanaian film awards
2015 in Ghana
Timo Jouko Herrmann (born September 22, 1978, in Heidelberg) is a German composer, musicologist and conductor.
Biography
Herrmann studied composition with Ulrich Leyendecker and musicology with Hermann Jung at the Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst Mannheim. During his studies, he received further influence from composers like Hermann Schäfer, Krzysztof Meyer, Detlev Glanert, Roberto Doati and Wladimir Sagorzew.
Herrmann holds a PhD awarded for his thesis on Antonio Salieri and his German language stage works. His rediscovery of the lost song of joy Per la ricuperata salute di Ofelia K. 477a by Salieri, Mozart and Cornetti in late 2015 brought him world-wide attention. Among others, Herrmann created works for the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra, the Leipzig armonia wind ensemble, the Heidelberg Symphony Orchestra and the Heidelberg Philharmonic Orchestra. Additionally, he received commissions from festivals like the Heidelberg Biennale for Contemporary Music, the SYLTARTFESTIVAL and the concert series for contemporary music kontrapunkte in Speyer. The Theater Heidelberg premiered several of his stage works, among them the chamber opera Unreine Tragödien und aussätzige Dramatiker and his contributions to the project Das neue Wunderhorn conducted by Cornelius Meister. Herrmann's chamber opera on Shakespeare's Hamlet, commissioned by the Opernhaus Dortmund, was premiered in February 2017 and performed with considerable success.
His compositions are published by Verlag Neue Musik Berlin and by Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag Leipzig. In addition to his profession as a composer, Herrmann also performs as a violinist and a conductor. He regularly works together with the pianist Martin Stadtfeld, the bass-baritone Falk Struckmann, the Mannheim Mozart Orchestra and the Heidelberg Symphony Orchestra as well as the Sinfonietta Leipzig. His albums Salieri - strictly private and Salieri & Beethoven in dialogue were each nominated for three awards in 2020 and 2021. Since 2009 he has been art director of the classical music festival Walldorfer Musiktage in his hometown of Walldorf.
Awards and scholarships (selection)
Composition prize of SAP SE and the city of Walldorf (2001)
Scholarship of the Wilhelm Müller Foundation Mannheim (2001)
Composition competition Goethe vs. Schiller of the Goethe-Institut Heidelberg-Mannheim (2005)
Gebrüder-Graun-Preis (2005)
Finalist Berliner Opernpreis (2006)
Scholarship Live Music Now (2006-2010)
Junge-Ohren-Preis for Das Neue Wunderhorn (2007)
Finalist Soli fan tutti at Hessischen Staatstheaters Darmstadt (2011)
Commemorative plaque at the main portal of the monastery of St. Joaquín and Sta. Ana in Valladolid on occasion of the Spanish premiere of Per la ricuperata salute di Ofelia (2016)
Honorary member of the Asociación Cultural Antonio Salieri (2016)
Compositions (selection)
Zeiten wie Perlenschnüre for mezzo-soprano, clarinet, horn, violin and violoncello (2001)
Thränen in schwerer Kranckheit for soprano, English horn, violin and piano (2002)
Andraitx - Pomegranate Flowers for baritone, piano, string quartet and double bass (2003/2010)
Unreine Tragödien und aussätzige Dramatiker - Chamber opera after Anton Chekhov (2003/04)
Mit Menschen- und mit Engelszungen for soprano, baritone, choir and orchestra (2004)
Monolog des Leicester - Melodrama for two narrators, harpsichord, piano, violin, violoncello and percussion (2005)
Schwanengesang - Dramatic etude in one act after Anton Chekhov (2006)
Chiasmus & Oxymoron - Two rhetorical figures for orchestra (2007)
L'ombre de Dinorah for bass clarinet and orchestra (2008)
Morphine for soprano/alto saxophone and orchestra (2009)
Skiatographie for saxophone quartet (2009)
Jakobs Kampf am Jabbok for mezzo-soprano, violoncello and organ (2009/10)
Sonatine for guitar and harp (2009/10)
Tempus fugit for violin and violoncello (2010)
Psalm 32 for baritone and piano quartet (2011)
Narkissos - Mythological fantasy for orchestra (2012)
Penthos for alto flute, violin, violoncello and piano (2013)
Fabelhafte Welt - Five fables after Jean de La Fontaine for narrator, flute (alto flute/piccolo), English horn (oboe), bass clarinet (basset horn), violoncello and double bass (2014/15)
Three pieces for bass clarinet (2014/2015/2016)
...sur un objet trouvé - Caprice No. 1 for viola and bass clarinet (2015)
Nature morte - Stillleben mit Ginkgoblatt - Caprice No. 2 for viola and bass clarinet (2015)
La lira d'Orfeo for guitar (2015/16)
Concertino notturno for flute, horn and orchestra (2016)
Hamlet - Sein oder Nichtsein - Chamber opera on a libretto by André Meyer and Kirstin Howein after William Shakespeare (2016)
Five Intermèdes for Roland Dubillard's play Madame fait ce qu'elle dit for double bass and piano (2017)
Fama for narrator and orchestra on a passage of Ovid's Metamorphoses (2018)
Song of the Earth for narrator/tenor, flute, bass clarinet, verrophone and strings on a poem by Kurt Klein, late husband of Gerda Weissmann Klein (2021)
Publications (selection)
Sonatine for guitar and harp (Cantate Musicaphon)
Sonatine for guitar and harp (Verlag Neue Musik)
Three miniatures for three guitars (Verlag Neue Musik)
La lira d'Orfeo for guitar (Cantate Musicaphon)
La lira d'Orfeo for guitar (Verlag Neue Musik)
Three pieces for bass clarinet (Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag)
Andraitx - Pomegranate Flowers (Darling Publications)
Five Intermèdes for double bass and piano (Farelive)
Per la ricuperata salute di Ofelia - First edition (Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag)
Antonio Salieri und seine deutschsprachigen Werke für das Musiktheater (Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag)
Antonio Salieri - Eine Biografie (Morio Verlag)
Salieri - strictly private (Hänssler Classic)
Salieri & Beethoven in Dialogue (Hänssler Classic)
References
External links
Composer's website
1978 births
Living people
German composers
Mishmar HaShiv'a () is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Dagan, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Dan Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1949 by demobilised soldiers on land which had belonged to the Palestinian village of Bayt Dajan, which was depopulated in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. It was named in memory of the seven Notrim who were killed near Yazur on 22 January 1948.
References
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1949
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1949 establishments in Israel
The case of Juana Rivas is a judicial dispute between Juana Rivas and her then partner, Francesco Arcuri. The case involved judges from Spain and Italy, as Rivas resided in the city of Granada, in Andalusia, while Arcuri did so in Italy.
It gained a notable political and journalistic repercussion because it involved a case of gender violence by Arcuri against Juana Rivas, at the same time that she was convicted of child abduction due to her refusal to allow the children to return to Italy with their father. Media in Spain offered wide coverage of the case, generally in positions favorable to those of Juana Rivas. At the same time, successive demonstrations took place in Spain in support of the mother, under feminist slogans backed by personalities and political parties.
The first judicial order was in December 2016, forcing Juana Rivas to hand over her children to their habitual residence in Italy, which was ratified by the Granada Court in April 2017. In July of that same year, a new date was set for the delivery of the children, which happened in August, when they returned to Italy, where they remained thereafter after a search and arrest warrant was issued against Rivas. In July 2018, Juana Rivas was sentenced to five years in prison and the payment of a compensation.
Context
Previous complaints
Juana Rivas and Francisco Arcuri met in 2004 in London and they dated for three years, with Arcuri moving to Spain.
In 2009, Rivas and Arcuri had a domestic dispute in which Juana Rivas suffered from hand damage, filling a complaint for abuse against Arcuri. Arcuri also denounced her for mistreatment as he had injuries in his thigh and neck. Both reached an agreement in which Arcuri admitted a crime of injuries and he was sentenced to three months in prison and a restraining order of one year and three months. He later said to regret this agreement.
Arcuri would not enter prison and, after a year of separation and in breach of the restraining order, Juana and Arcuri started back living together again in the small town of Carloforte, on the island of San Pietro, in Sardinia, where they had a second child.
Case of Juana Rivas
In May 2016, Juana Rivas left Carloforte and went to Maracena, a town in Granada, with her two children under the pretext of seeing her family. According to her, the trigger for this decision would have been "the daily situation of oppression, isolation and mistreatment for more than two years". Rivas would have deceived Arcuri by claiming to be ill and unable to return on the scheduled date.
In July 2016, Juana Rivas filed the first complaint with the Maracena Civil Guard for alleged physical and psychological abuse inflicted by Francesco Arcuri, but it was dismissed.
In December 2016, Juana Rivas again issued a complaint against her partner for abuse, this time adding that her eldest son would have also been a victim of this. At the same time, on December 14, a court of Granada ordered Rivas the "immediate restitution" of the children with their father back to Italy, a resolution that became final in April 2017, after Arcuri issued and obtained the guardianship and custody of minors by the Court of Cagliari in June 2017.
From then on, the media significance of the Juana Rivas court case began. Rivas obtained 150000 signs asking that her children were not sent to Italy. After several months, in April 2017 the Court dismissed Rivas's appeal and again ordered the "immediate restitution" to Italy, ordering the delivery of the minors on July 26. On July 26, Rivas went into hiding with her children.
Under the hashtag «#juanaestaenmicasa», ("#juanaisinmyhouse") there was great wave of demonstrations throughout the Spanish in support of Rivas.
In her decision to evade justice, Juana Rivas received the support of the highest Andalusian political authorities, such as that of the president Susana Díaz or the leader of the Podemos party , Teresa Rodríguez.
Rivas did not attend the new court summoning and was detained on August, 22. On August 28, Juana Rivas will give the minors to Francesco Arcuri, who took them to Italy. On July 27, 2018, Juana Rivas is sentenced to five years in prison, six years of disqualification from exercising parental authority, 30,000 euros of compensation to her ex-partner and the payment of legal costs. The judge would have estimated that Rivas committed two crimes of abduction of minors, finding no mitigation in the complaints of abuse as he had not obtained the veracity of any of them. In 2019, the Italian Prosecutor's Office filed the eight complaints of mistreatment that Juana Rivas made against Arcuri between 2016 and 2018, stating that "the narration of the extraordinary violence is absolutely implausible." The court ruling would dictate that Juana Rivas would have used her children as "human shields", whom she would have "psychologically manipulated to oppose her father" by reporting episodes of abuse by Arcuri of her children that she would not have been able to prove.
After the sentence
In October 2018, Juana Rivas decided to no longer use the services of the one who, until that moment, had been her lawyer during the entire case, José Estanislao López. That same month, Juana again failed to deliver the children to Arcuri, taking refuge in a friend's house near Cagliari and arguing that she will only return them when a judge forces her. López said that it must be the environment of Rivas, specifically Francisca Granados and the Maracena Women's Center, the ones guiding Juana's defense, including the acts outside legality.
In April 2021, the Supreme Court reduced the sentence to two and a half years in prison, confirming the penalty of six years of withdrawal of parental authority and the payment of compensation of 12,000 euros for the moral and material damage caused to the father of the minors.
She entered on a insertion center to go to prison on 11 June, 2021. On June 15, 2021, he left the Center to serve his sentence at home with a telematic bracelet, as the General Secretariat of Penitentiary Institutions applied article 86.4 of the Penitentiary Regulations.
In the Council of Ministers held on November 16, 2021, Juana Rivas was granted a partial pardon, so her sentence was reduced to a prison term of one year and three months. Also, the penalty of disqualification from exercising parental authority is changed for a penalty of 180 days of community service.
In March 2022, the Court of Granada suspended her prison sentence on the condition that she must not commit a new crime for a period of three years and that she has to participate in positive parenting programs.
References
Trials in Spain
Trials in Italy
Violence against women in Spain
Augosoma centaurus, the centaurus beetle, is a species of rhinoceros beetle found in tropical Africa, which measures about 40–90 mm. As common in many insect species, the male is larger than the female and usually two males will fight for a female for mating.
Appearance
The centaurus beetle's adult morphology is strikingly similar to that of beetles from the genus Dynastes which originate from tropical America, which led to its initial classification to that genus. Eventually, it was moved to its present genus to avoid confusion as even the genus Xylotrupes from the southeast Asian tropics have a similar form. The male has large horns and is considerably bigger than the female, which has no horns as well.
Larvae
The larva of the centaurus beetle has a dark row of spots which is visible along the side of its body, known as the spiracles. These are openings leading to its tracheal network, which is the insect equivalent of the vertebrate lung. The spiracles could be considered as the insect version of nostrils. Spiracles are also present in the adult beetle and located along the sides of the abdomen; however, they have no distinct color and quite unnoticeable.
Origin of the name
The origin of the name of the Centaurus beetle may be the Greek centaur.
External links
Family Scarabidae - Augosoma centaurus (Centaurus beetle) specs and pics
Dynastinae
Beetles of Africa
Beetles described in 1775
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Manav Vij is an Indian actor working in Hindi and Punjabi language films. He debuted with Shaheed-E-Azam (2002) as Sukhdev and also featured in the television series Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi. He went on to appear in Udta Punjab, Rangoon, Phillauri, Naam Shabana and Andhadhun. In 2022, he starred in Samrat Prithviraj and Laal Singh Chaddha.
Personal life
Vij was born in Firozpur, Punjab, India. He studied homoeopathy in Ludhiana Medical College and was a practising homoeopathy doctor before entering the acting profession.
He married Meher Vij in 2009 in Mumbai.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
Indian male television actors
Living people
Indian male film actors
People from Firozpur
Male actors from Mumbai
Year of birth missing (living people)
Radical perineal prostatectomy is a surgical procedure wherein the entire prostate gland is removed through an incision in the area between the anus and the scrotum (perineum).
It is used to remove early prostate cancer, in select people who have a small well defined cancer in the prostate. It is less commonly used than the alternative methods of the retropubic route, or the robot assisted laparoscopic approach.
When the cancer is small and confined to the prostate, radical perineal prostatectomy achieves the same rate of cure as the retropubic approach but less blood is lost and recovery is faster. One downside to the perineal approach is an increased risk of fecal incontinence.
The procedure was first performed in 1904 by Hugh H. Young and assisted by William S. Halstead, as a way of removing the prostate in cancer treatment.
Uses
Radical perineal prostatectomy is used to remove early prostate cancer, in select people who have a small well defined cancer in the prostate. It is less commonly used than the alternative methods of the retropubic route, or the robot assisted laparoscopic approach.
It is more suited to younger men, age under 70 years, who have at least a ten-year life expectancy, few if any other medical problems, a Gleason score of less than 8 (4+4) and PSA of less than 10. It may be indicated where the man with prostate cancer is obese, has had several abdominal operations before, previous pelvic arterial bypass grafts or has a delayed recurrence of prostate cancer after salvage prostatectomy and radiotherapy.
Technique
Before surgery
Before the operation, an assessment of life expectancy is made. Physical examination including a digital rectal examination and routine blood tests are carried out. At least six transrectal ultrasound guided biopsies taken from different zones of the prostate are usually obtained. Other considerations include bowel preparation the day before surgery and taking antibiotics.
Procedure
A radical perineal prostatectomy uses an incision in the area between the anus and the scrotum (perineum). There is more than one way of performing the procedure. In men with normal erections, a small cancer which can not be felt and Gleason scores of 6 or less, it may be possible to preserve the nerves for erection. The procedure usually takes around one hour.
After surgery
Over the course of the first day or two after the procedure, many men require a gradual transfer from oral fluids to soft foods. Additionally, men are encouraged to maintain mobility and painkillers may be necessary initially but tapered off over time. The hospital stay is usually short and the Foley catheter can be removed usually at three weeks after surgery. Longer term followup with PSA monitoring is required.
Complications and outcomes
Lymph nodes can be sampled through the same incision, although this procedure is not common place in the U.S. at this time. When the cancer is small and confined to the prostate, radical perineal prostatectomy achieves the same rate of cure as the retropubic approach but less blood is lost and recovery is faster. One downside to the perineal approach is an increased risk of fecal incontinence.
History
The procedure was first performed on a 70-year old married preacher on 7 April 1904 by American surgeon Hugh H. Young and assisted by William S. Halstead, as a way of removing the prostate in cancer treatment, after prostatic massage and an early type of transurethral resection of the prostate had failed to relieve him of pain in his urethra. By 1937, Young reported a five-year survival rate of 50%. However, by the time the diagnosis of prostate cancer was made, it was usually too late to perform the procedure.
Removing the prostate via the perineal route went out of favour in the 1970s. However, with the introduction the PSA test, better public awareness of options for treating localised disease, the ability to perform nerve-sparing surgery, and the advantage of there being potentially less post-operative complications using the perineal route, rekindled interest in the procedure.
References
Further reading
Male genital surgery
Prostatic procedures
Prostate cancer
Surgical removal procedures
Surgical oncology
2010 Kashiwa Reysol season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Kashiwa Reysol
Kashiwa Reysol seasons
Stephen Franks (born 1950) in Wellington, New Zealand is a commercial lawyer. At one time, he was chairman and Partner of the large firm Chapman Tripp. Frank has been a member of two political parties. He previously served as a List MP for the right-wing ACT New Zealand (Association of Consumers and Taxpayers). He then stood unsuccessfully for the National Party for the 2008 general election. Franks is also a media commentator and writer on legal and commercial topics; and is married with three daughters and a son in their 30s.
Early life
Franks was first educated at Taihape College, and then at Victoria where he studied Law (attained qualifications include BA/LLB (Hons) and Dip. Acc.). Franks was subsequently admitted to the bar in 1975.
Prior to entering Parliament in 1999 Franks' professional appointments included: being a member of the Securities Commission, Deputy chairman (1999–1999) of the Market Surveillance Panel of the New Zealand Stock Exchange having been a member of the MSP from its inception for nine years, and a Council member of the Institute of Directors in New Zealand.
Member of Parliament: 1999–2005
Franks entered Parliament in the , having been ranked in third place on the party list for the ACT Party, and coming fourth in electorate. This high ranking (above several sitting MPs) was indicative of ACT's high hopes for Franks at the time – as a prominent lawyer, he was generally regarded as a significant asset for the party. In he stood in which had been won by ACT's Richard Prebble in . During his six years in Parliament he was ACT spokesman for Justice, Corrections, the Police and Commerce. He added Maori Affairs and Sport in the last three years.
When Prebble announced his retirement from politics in early 2004, Franks was one of the four candidates who sought to take his place as leader of ACT. Franks ran on a platform of restoring the party's core message. Despite receiving the endorsement of party founder Roger Douglas, he was eventually defeated by Rodney Hide. After Hide became leader of the ACT party on 13 June, Franks remained the party's spokesperson for justice.
2005 election
Franks lost his seat in Parliament in the 2005 general election when the total percentage of the popular vote for ACT reduced the ACT Party to two seats in Parliament. He subsequently returned to practising law, rejoining his old firm, Chapman Tripp as a consultant. He later left this firm to set up his own commercial and public law practice, Franks & Ogilvie
2008 election and after
Franks was National Party candidate for for the 2008 general election, being number 60 on the National Party list. He lost the contest by 1904 votes to Labour's Grant Robertson.
His business interests presently centre around his public law practice, several company directorships, farming and manuka honey beekeeping.
References
Further reading
Franks' contribution is the opening address: "{U]pdate and overview of the commercial significance of company law reform." This paper also appears in the following publication:
Franks' contribution is the paper: "Justice for all."
Franks' contribution is the paper: "How should ACT treat the Treaty?"
Franks' contribution was participation in a panel discussion entitled: "[D]iscussing the principles of the Treaty of Waitangi"
Franks' contribution is the paper: "Law reform and indigeniety: going native: what indigeniety should look like in the morning."
Franks' contribution is the paper: "Liberals and the law."
External links
Personal website
1950 births
Living people
ACT New Zealand MPs
20th-century New Zealand lawyers
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
New Zealand list MPs
Unsuccessful candidates in the 2005 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 2008 New Zealand general election
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
21st-century New Zealand politicians
21st-century New Zealand lawyers
"This Is My City" is a song by Australian band Skyhooks, released in July 1976 as the second single from the band's third studio album, Straight in a Gay Gay World. The song peaked at number 32 in Australia.
Author Macainsh said, "There's a bit of a comment there... maybe not a heavy social comment... it's just about whatever city you're living in. You might hate it, but it's best to love it."
Track listing
7" single (K-6487)
Side A "This Is My City" - 3:37
Side B "Somewhere in Sydney" - 3:44
Charts
References
1976 singles
Mushroom Records singles
1976 songs
Songs written by Greg Macainsh
Skyhooks (band) songs
The canton of Asfeld () is a former French canton located in the Ardennes department in the former Champagne-Ardenne region (now part of Grand Est). This canton was organized around Asfeld in the arrondissement of Rethel.
Departmental councilors
Composition
The canton of Asfeld grouped together eighteen municipalities and had 5,913 inhabitants (2012 census without double counts).
Aire
Asfeld
Avaux
Balham
Bergnicourt
Blanzy-la-Salonnaise
Brienne-sur-Aisne
L'Écaille
Gomont
Houdilcourt
Poilcourt-Sydney
Roizy
Saint-Germainmont
Saint-Remy-le-Petit
Sault-Saint-Remy
Le Thour
Vieux-lès-Asfeld
Villers-devant-le-Thour
References
Asfeld
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
The Place du 8 Novembre 1942 is a public square located in the 10th arrondissement of Paris, at the intersection of the Rue La Fayette and the Rue de Chabrol, and limited by the Rue du Faubourg Poissonnière.
The name of the square commemorates the date, 8 November 1942, when in World War II the Operation Torch started, the British-American invasion of French North Africa during the North African campaign.
References
8 Novembre 1942
10th arrondissement of Paris
Wáldo Ariel Kantor (born January 11, 1960) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina, who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California and the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. In Seoul, Kantor won the bronze medal with the men's national team.
He started played soccer at All Boys, and then decided to play volleyball at IL Peretz from Villa Lynch. He was also a great chinchon player, and also a knew how to make goods asados.
With Ferro Carril Oeste he obtained the Morgan Cup of 1979, and the national championships of 1980 and 1981.
Kantor received 2 Konex Awards volleyball merit diplomas (1990 and 2000)
After retirement, he became a successful coach with Argentine first division Bolivar Buenos Aires, winning the 2007/2008 championship. He also played at Mendele from Loma Hermosa, where he defeated different teams from the area, such as villa piagio, los matreros, and River
Club history
References
DirecTV Bolivar returns to training
External links
1960 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Argentine Jews
Jewish Argentine sportspeople
Argentine men's volleyball players
Jewish volleyball players
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in volleyball
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Geoffrey Martin Hodgson (born 28 July 1946, Watford) is Emeritus Professor in Management at the London campus of Loughborough University, and also the editor-in-chief of the Journal of Institutional Economics.
Hodgson is recognised as one of the leading figures of modern critical institutionalism which carries forth the critical spirit and intellectual tradition of the founders of institutional economics, particularly that of Thorstein Veblen. His broad research interests span from evolutionary economics and history of economic thought to Marxism and theoretical biology. He first became known for his book Economics and Institutions: A Manifesto for a Modern Institutional Economics (1988), which criticises modern 'mainstream' economics and calls to revise economic theory on the new grounds of institutionalism. His reputation has become enhanced owing to the trilogy of more recent books – Economics and Utopia (1999), How Economics Forgot History (2001) and The Evolution of Institutional Economics (2004) all of which built Hodgson's arguments into a more rounded and powerful critique of mainstream economic theory.
In 1988, Hodgson was involved in setting up the European Association for Evolutionary Political Economy (EAEPE). He was its general secretary until 1998. In 2000 Hodgson co-founded The Other Canon, a center and network for heterodox economics research, with main founder and executive chairman Erik Reinert and others. In 2013, Hodgson co-founded the World Interdisciplinary Network for Institutional Research (WINIR). In his 2015 book "Conceptualizing Capitalism" and an article entitled "Legal Institutionalism", he sketched his own research program of a legal institutionalism.
Institutions according to Hodgson
According to Hodgson, institutions are the stuff of social life. He defines them in a 2006 article by saying that institutions are "the systems of established and prevalent social rules that structure social interaction". Examples of institutions may be language, money, law, systems of weights and measures, table manners and organisations (for example firms). Conventions, that may be included in law, can be regarded to be institutions as well (Hodgson, 2006, p. 2).
What Hodgson considers important about institutions is the way that they structure social life and frame our perceptions and preferences. They also create stable expectations. He argues that: "Generally, institutions enable ordered thought, expectation, and action by imposing form and consistency on human activities". Consequently, institutions enable as well as constrain action.
Hodgson regards institutions as systems of rules. Broadly understood a rule is "a socially transmitted and customary normative injunction or immanently normative disposition, that in circumstances X do Y" (Hodgson, 2006, p. 3). This means that to be effective a rule has to be embedded in dispositions or habits. Mere decrees are not necessarily rules in this sense. Habits and customs help to give a normative status to a legal rule that can help a new law to become effective. In the process of social interaction norms are constantly changed (Hodgson, 2006, pp. 3–4)
Books
Liberal Solidarity: The Political Economy of Social Democratic Liberalism (Edward Elagr Publishing, 2021)
Is Socialism Feasible? Towards an Alternative Future (Edward Elgar Publishing, 2019).
Is There a Future for Heterodox Economics? Institutions, Ideology and a Scientific Community (Edward Elgar Publishing, 2019).
Evolutionary Economics: Its Nature and Future (Cambridge University Press, 2019).
Wrong Turnings: How the Left Got Lost (University of Chicago Press, 2018).
Conceptualizing Capitalism: Institutions, Evolution, Future (University of Chicago Press, 2015)
From Pleasure Machines to Moral Communities: An Evolutionary Economics without Homo Economicus (University of Chicago Press, 2013)
(Edited with Charles Camic) Essential Writings of Thorstein Veblen (Routledge, London and New York, 2011).
(With Thorbjoern Knudsen) Darwin's Conjecture: The Search for General Principles of Social and Economic Evolution (University of Chicago Press, 2010). .
Economics in the Shadows of Darwin and Marx (Edward Elgar, Cheltenham, 2006). . .
The Evolution of Institutional Economics: Agency, Structure and Darwinism in American Institutionalism (Routledge, London, 2004).
A Modern Reader in Evolutionary and Institutional Economics (Edward Elgar Publishing, Cheltenham and Northampton, 2002)
How Economics Forgot History: The Problem of Historical Specificity in Social Science (Routledge, London, 2001). . Also in a Chinese edition.
Evolution and Institutions: On Evolutionary Economics and the Evolution of Economics (Edward Elgar Publishing, Cheltenham and Northampton, 1999)
Economics and Utopia: Why the Learning Economy is Not the End of History (Routledge, London, 1999)
Economics and Evolution: Bringing Life Back Into Economics (University of Michigan Press and Polity Press, 1993).
Economics and Institutions: A Manifesto for a Modern Institutional Economics (Polity Press, Cambridge, and University of Pennsylvania Press, Philadelphia, 1988).
After Marx and Sraffa: Essays in Political Economy (Macmillan Press, London, 1991).
The Democratic Economy: A New Look at Planning, Markets and Power (Penguin, Harmondsworth, 1984).
Capitalism, Value and Exploitation (Martin Robertson, Oxford, 1982).
Labour at the Crossroads (Martin Robertson, Oxford, 1981).
Socialism and Parliamentary Democracy (Spokesman, Nottingham, 1977. Also in Italian, Spanish, Turkish and Japanese editions)
Trotsky and Fatalistic Marxism (Spokesman, Nottingham. 1975). .
References
Hodgson, G.M., ‘What are institutions?', Journal of Economic Issues 2006 vol. 40 no.1, p. 2–4 (on the internet: )
External links
Geoffrey Hodgson's homepage
Geoffrey Hodgson's New Politics blog
Journal of Institutional Economics
World Interdisciplinary Network for Institutional Research (WINIR)
How Did Economics Get into Such a State?
Academics of the University of Hertfordshire
English economists
People from Watford
1946 births
Living people
People educated at Cheshunt School
Albert Manahi Kewene (born ) is a retired New Zealand Māori dentist.
In 1965, he was the first Māori to become a registered dentist, and he was the first Māori to graduate in periodontics from Otago Medical School in 1974. Of Tainui descent, his uncle was Manahi Nitama Paewai. In the later part of his career he worked for Māori healthcare providers and served on Te Ao Marama, the New Zealand Māori Dental Association. Kewene retired in 2014.
Kewene was preceded in dentistry by Walter Morete, who was the first Māori to graduate with a Bachelor of Dental Surgery in 1928, before registration.
References
1930s births
Living people
New Zealand dentists
People from Dannevirke
Periodontists
Waikato Tainui
University of Otago alumni
Helluo is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Helluo costatus Bonelli, 1813
Helluo insignis Sloane, 1890
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Sentry Box is a historic home located at Fredericksburg, Virginia. It was built in 1786, and is a large two-story, five-bay, Georgian style frame dwelling with Colonial Revival and Greek Revival-style details. It has a central-passage plan and side gable roof. Also on the property is a contributing icehouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. It is located in the Fredericksburg Historic District.
References
External links
Sentry Box House, 133 Caroline Street, Fredericksburg, Fredericksburg, VA: 2 photos at Historic American Buildings Survey
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Georgian architecture in Virginia
Colonial Revival architecture in Virginia
Greek Revival houses in Virginia
Houses completed in 1786
Houses in Fredericksburg, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fredericksburg, Virginia
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Virginia
The 1965–66 season was the 57th year of football played by Dundee United, and covers the period from 1 July 1965 to 30 June 1966. United finished in fifth place in the First Division.
Match results
Dundee United played a total of 43 competitive matches during the 1965–66 season.
Legend
All results are written with Dundee United's score first.
Own goals in italics
First Division
Scottish Cup
League Cup
References
See also
1965–66 in Scottish football
Dundee United F.C. seasons
Dundee United
Cold agglutinin disease (CAD) is a rare autoimmune disease characterized by the presence of high concentrations of circulating cold sensitive antibodies, usually IgM and autoantibodies that are also active at temperatures below , directed against red blood cells, causing them to agglutinate and undergo lysis. It is a form of autoimmune hemolytic anemia, specifically one in which antibodies bind red blood cells only at low body temperatures, typically 28–31 °C.
When affected people's blood is exposed to cold temperatures ( to ), certain proteins that normally attack bacteria (IgM antibodies) attach themselves to red blood cells and bind them together into clumps (agglutination). This eventually causes red blood cells to be prematurely destroyed (hemolysis) leading to anemia and other associated signs and symptoms.
Cold agglutinin disease can be primary (unknown cause) or secondary, due to an underlying condition such as an infection, another autoimmune disease, or certain cancers. Treatment depends on many factors including the severity of the condition, the signs and symptoms present in each person, and the underlying cause.
Cold agglutinin disease was first described in 1957.
Signs and symptoms
Symptoms of cold agglutinin disease (CAD) are often triggered or made worse by cold temperatures or a viral infection. Therefore, symptoms generally are worse during winter months. Symptoms may arise suddenly leading to abrupt onset of severe anemia and hemoglobinuria or develop more gradually and insidiously in the background without patient's consciousness and precaution.
Most people with CAD have symptoms of hemolytic anemia (destruction of red blood cells, causing low levels of red blood cells). However, the number of symptoms and severity of symptoms may depend on how severe the anemia is. Signs and symptoms of hemolytic anemia may include:
Tiredness (fatigue)
Dizziness
Headaches
Cold hands and feet
Pale skin
Dark urine
Jaundice
Chest pain
Pain in the back or legs
Vomiting or diarrhea
Heart problems such as an irregular heartbeat (arrhythmia), a heart murmur, an enlarged heart, or heart failure. These may occur because the heart has to work harder to make sure the body gets enough healthy red blood cells.
Many people with CAD also experience pain and bluish coloring of the hands and feet (acrocyanosis) or Raynaud's disease. These symptoms result from slow or poor circulation and can range from mild to disabling.
Other signs and symptoms of CAD may include enlargement of the spleen (splenomegaly) and mottled discoloration of the skin (livedo reticularis).
In people with secondary CAD (associated with another underlying condition), there may be additional signs and symptoms depending on the condition present. For example: Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection (the most common cause of secondary CAD) may cause respiratory symptoms. Various infections or cancers may cause enlarged or swollen lymph nodes.
80–99% of people have these symptoms
Arthralgia
Autoimmunity
Fatigue
Hemolytic anemia
Muscular weakness
Pallor
5–29% of people have these symptoms
Abnormal urine color
Back pain
Diarrhea
Headache
Hepatomegaly
Lymphadenopathy
Nausea and vomiting
Splenomegaly
Cause
Cold agglutinin disease can be either primary (unknown cause) or secondary (a result of another pathology/ caused by an underlying condition).
Primary cold agglutinin disease
The primary form is caused by excessive cell proliferation of B lymphocytes, characterized by clonal lymphoproliferative disorder.
Primary cold agglutinin disease occurs after the fifth decade of life and peaks prevalence in a person's 70s and 80s.
Secondary cold agglutinin disease
Secondary cold agglutinin syndrome occurs when autoantibodies bind to red blood cells, rendering them subject to attack by the complement system. It is a result of an underlying condition potentially associated with either monoclonal cold-reacting autoantibodies or polyclonal cold-reacting autoantibodies predominantly caused by infection or lymphoproliferative disorders. In adults, this is typically due to:
Bacterial infections such as mycoplasma, Legionnaires' disease, syphilis, listeriosis, or E. coli.
Viral infections such Epstein-Barr virus, cytomegalovirus, mumps, varicella, rubella, adenovirus, HIV, influenza, or hepatitis C.
Parasitic infections such as malaria or trypanosomiasis.
Other autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus.
Certain types of cancers such as lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Waldenström macroglobulinemia, multiple myeloma, and Kaposi sarcoma.
In children, cold agglutinin disease is often secondary to an infection, such as Mycoplasma pneumonia, mononucleosis, and HIV.
Inheritance
Cold agglutinin disease is not an inherited condition. It is designated as either primary (unknown cause) or secondary (associated with or caused by another condition). In some cases, cold agglutinin may be multifactorial which means that multiple environmental factors and genes likely interact to predispose a person to developing the condition. However, no disease-causing genes have been identified and no familial cases have been reported.
Pathophysiology
All individuals have circulating antibodies directed against red blood cells, but their concentrations are often too low to trigger disease (titers under 64 at 4 °C). In individuals with cold agglutinin disease, these antibodies are in much higher concentrations (titers over 1000 at 4 °C).
At body temperatures of 28–31 °C, such as those encountered during winter months, and occasionally at body temperatures of 37 °C, antibodies (generally IgM) bind to the polysaccharide region of glycoproteins on the surface of red blood cells (typically the antigen or Pr antigen). Binding of antibodies to red blood cells activates the classical pathway of the complement system. If the complement response is sufficient, red blood cells are damaged by the membrane attack complex, an effector of the complement cascade. In the formation of the membrane attack complex, several complement proteins are inserted into the red blood cell membrane, forming pores that lead to membrane instability and intravascular hemolysis (destruction of the red blood cell within the blood vessels).
If the complement response is insufficient to form membrane attack complexes, then extravascular lysis will be favored over intravascular red blood cell lysis. In lieu of the membrane attack complex, complement proteins (particularly C3b and C4b) are deposited on red blood cells. This opsonization enhances the clearance of red blood cell by phagocytes in the liver, spleen, and lungs, a process termed extravascular hemolysis.
Individuals with cold agglutinin disease present with signs and symptoms of hemolytic anemia. Those with secondary agglutinin disease may also present with an underlying disease, often autoimmune.
Diagnosis
Detection of antibodies (cold or warm) and /or complement system on RBC from the patient is a direct Coombs antiglobulin test. Detection of antibodies in serum of the patient (still circulating in the blood, that have not yet formed any complexes with RBC) is an indirect Coombs antiglobulin test.
A diagnosis of cold agglutinin disease may be made after several types of tests are performed by a health care provider. In some cases, the diagnosis is first suspected by chance if a routine complete blood count (CBC) detects abnormal clumping (agglutination) of the red blood cells. In most cases, the diagnosis is based on evidence of hemolytic anemia (from symptoms and/or blood tests). A person may also be physically examined for spleen or liver enlargement. An antiglobulin test (called the Coombs test) may be performed to determine the presence of a specific type of antibody. In people with cold agglutinin disease, the Coombs test is almost always positive for immunoglobulin M (IgM).
Treatment
Avoid cold weather.
Treat the underlying lymphoma.
No cold drinks; all drinks should be at room temperature (or above).
Requires heater to maintain temperature in cold places.
Treatment with rituximab has been described.
The treatment of cold agglutinin disease depends on many factors including the severity of the condition, the signs and symptoms present in each person, and the underlying cause. For example, in those affected by secondary cold agglutinin disease, it is important to diagnose and treat the underlying condition which may include certain types of cancer; bacterial, viral, or parasitic infections; and/or other autoimmune disease. People with few symptoms and/or mild anemia may not require any specific treatment. These cases are often managed by simply avoiding exposure to the cold.
In severe cases of hemolysis, medical interventions may be necessary. Rituximab (an antibody that selectively reduces specific types of immune cells) is effective in about 60% of cases of severe cold agglutinin disease. Medical researchers have found the response to rituximab is seen on average within 1 to 2 months of treatment and the effect of the treatment lasts for about 1 to 2 years. Rituximab may be used after a second and even a third relapse, however the success rate is less. Combined treatment with rituximab and fludarabine has resulted in higher response rates (76% of cases) and longer periods of remissions (on average, 6.5 years). However the combined treatment may include serious side effects so is presently only recommended when rituximab has not worked alone. Finally, plasmapheresis, which involves filtering blood to remove antibodies, may be useful in acute hemolytic crisis and before surgery requiring hypothermia, however its effect is only short term. Removing the spleen is not recommended for cold agglutinin disease. In addition, because severe cold agglutinin disease requires very high doses of corticosteroids (levels not considered safe), corticosteroid treatment is no longer a recommended treatment in severe cases.
Several possible therapies have been reported in a few case reports to have successfully treated people who are not responding to the treatments listed above.
However more studies need to be performed before the safety and effectiveness of these therapies can be determined.
Sutimlimab (Enjaymo) was approved for medical use in the United States in February 2022.
Prognosis
The long-term outlook (prognosis) for people with cold agglutinin disease varies based on many factors including the severity of the condition, the signs and symptoms present in each person and the underlying cause. For example, people with cold agglutinin disease caused by bacterial or viral infections tend to have an excellent prognosis; in these cases, the symptoms typically disappear within 6 months after the infection has resolved. Mild to moderate primary (unknown cause) cold agglutinin disease can also be associated with a good prognosis if excessive exposure to the cold is avoided. Those with cold agglutinin disease caused by HIV infection or certain types of cancer generally have a poor prognosis due to the nature of the underlying condition.
Epidemiology
Cold agglutinin disease most commonly affects adults who are of middle age and older. Some studies also report a slight bias in favor of females in the incidence of cold agglutinin disease, particularly in older populations. People with infectious mononucleosis, lymphoproliferative diseases, or mycoplasma pneumonia are more susceptible to this condition. Cold agglutinin disease represents an estimated 16–32% of autoimmune hemolytic anemia, whose annual incidence is estimated to be between 1/35,000-1/80,000 in North America and Western Europe. In patients with infectious mononucleosis, more than 60% of whom develop cold agglutinins disease.
Primary cold agglutinin disease
In single-center series, primary CAD has been found to account for 13–15% of the cases of AIHA. In a population-based clinical study of primary CAD in Norway, the prevalence was found to be 16 per million in habitants and the incidence rate 1 per million inhabitants per year. Little is known about possible geographic variations. Median age of CAD patients was 76 years and median age at onset of symptoms was approximately 67 years. The male/female ratio has been reported to be 0.5–0.6 which is not very different from a male/female ratio of 0.72 in an age-matched general population. The frequency of auto-immune disorders other than CAD does probably not differ from what is to be expected in an elderly population with some female predominance. as about 12.5 years from diagnosis and median age at death was 82 years, which implies a life expectancy in these patients similar to that of an age-matched general population. More than 90% of patients with primary CAD have Cold-induced circulatory symptoms ranging from moderate acrocyanosis to severe Raynaud phenomena precipitated even by very slight cold exposure.
History
Cold hemagglutination was first reported by Landsteiner in 1903 and found to occur in human beings in 1918. The association of cold hemagglutination with hemolysis was described in 1937 by Rosenthal and Corten. During the 1960s, Dacie and Schubothe published systematic descriptions of 16 CAD patients each. The auto antibodies responsible for hemagglutination at low temperatures, cold agglutinins (CA), may be found in the sera of healthy subjects as well as in patients with AIHA of the cold reactive types. CA bind to erythrocyte surface antigens at a temperature optimum of 0–4 °C. In contrast to polyclonal CA in healthy individuals, monoclonal CA often have a high-thermal amplitude, which contributes to their pathogenicity at temperatures approaching 37 °C.
Binding of CA causes agglutination of erythrocytes and the antigen–antibody complex induces complement (C) activation and hemolysis. Essential clinical manifestations of primary CAD are hemolytic anemia and cold-induced circulatory symptoms. Exact estimates of the severity of anemia and the frequency of cold-induced symptoms, however, have not been provided until recent years.
See also
Cold shock response
Donath-Landsteiner hemolytic anemia
List of hematologic conditions
Paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria
Warm antibody autoimmune hemolytic anemia
References
External links
Autoimmune diseases
Acquired hemolytic anemia
Cold autoimmune hemolytic anemia
Ronald Prescott Loui is an American computer scientist, currently working as a professor of computer science at Case Western Reserve University. He is known for having supplied first-hand biographical information on Barack Obama about his time in Hawaii. Previously, he has been a professor at Washington University in St. Louis and University of Illinois Springfield.
Biography
Loui earned his Bachelor's degree from Harvard University in Applied Mathematics in 1982.
Loui earned his Ph.D. under Henry E. Kyburg, at the University of Rochester and completed a postdoc at Stanford between 1987 and 1988 under Patrick Suppes and Amos Tversky. From 1988 to 2008, he was an associate professor of Computer Science at Washington University in St. Louis in the School of Engineering, having been tenured in 1994. He was also associated with multiple departments outside of Engineering, as well as several research centers. While at WashU, He organized the first Harvard internet alumni club and built a citation-based search engine for legal opinions in the early 1990s. He left academia for a few years to join industry. Between 2012 and 2015, he was an assistant professor at University of Illinois Springfield.
Loui is a leading advocate of defeasible reasoning in artificial intelligence and a leading proponent of scripting languages. He is co-patent holder of a deep packet inspection hardware device that could read and edit the contents of packets as they stream through a network. This was a key technology sought by the DARPA Information Awareness Office and Disruptive Technology Office under Total Information Awareness. Loui also consulted for Cyc, a famous Artificial Intelligence program created by Doug Lenat.
Loui supervised students in a National Science Foundation Research Experiences for Undergraduates program that produced several current professors of computing, and the author of the original Google search engine.
References
External links
Prof. Loui's old academic web site
List of Prof. Loui's papers and citations
Some Prof. Loui's awk programs at awk.info
A comic book character based on Professor Loui, in an Obama biography by J. Mariotte
1961 births
Living people
Punahou School alumni
People from Honolulu
Harvard University alumni
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
University of Illinois at Springfield faculty
Google people
Jacobstow () is a civil parish and village in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. The village is located east of the A39 road approximately seven miles (11 km) south of Bude.
Penhallym in the north of the parish is mentioned (as Penhalun) in the Domesday Book; nearby is Penhallam, site of a medieval manor.
The name Jacobstow originates from Saxon times and derives from St James (Latin Jacobus) and holy place. As well as the church town, other settlements in the parish include Southcott and those parts of Canworthy Water north of the River Ottery.
Jacobstow parish is on high ground and is entirely rural in character. It is bounded to the northwest by Poundstock parish, to the east by Week St Mary parish, to the west by St Gennys parish, and to the south by Warbstow parish. The southwest boundary of the parish follows the River Ottery for approximately two miles.
The parish is in the Stratton Registration District and had a population of 421 at the 2001 census.
Churches and schools
Jacobstow parish church is dedicated to St James and there is evidence of a former Saxon church on the same site. The present church is of the 15th century with a nave and chancel and north and south aisles. The three-stage battlemented granite tower houses a ring of six bells. The font is Norman of the Altarnun type and the altar is an Elizabethan communion table. An ancient altar stone is in the south aisle chapel: it was the main altar stone up to about 1550 in the reign of Edward VI when the Church of England was becoming more Protestant and an act required that all altar stones should be removed. This one became a footbridge over a stream. It was found and moved back to the churchyard as a seat in the 1800s, and installed in the south aisle chapel in 1972. The nails that form the cross on the base of the altar are 15th century, and were saved from roof restoration work in 1970.
Jacobstow Community Primary School is situated in the village. The school caters for up to 90 children aged 4–11 years in three classes. Its catchment area includes most of Jacobstow parish as well as parts of Poundstock, St Gennys and Week St Mary parishes.
Notable people
Degory Wheare, a historian, the first Camden Professor of Ancient History in the University of Oxford, was born in Jacobstow.
References
External links
Civil parishes in Cornwall
Villages in Cornwall
Brianaria is a lichen genus in the family Psoraceae. It was circumscribed in 2014 by Stefan Ekman and Måns Svensson to contain four closely related species formerly in the Micarea sylvicola group.
Description
Characteristics of the genus Brianaria include the small, convex apothecia that lack an excipulum; an ascus of the ‘Psora-type'; 0–1-septate ascospores, dimorphic paraphyses, and immersed pycnidia that contain bacilliform conidia. The photobiont is chlorococcoid, and non-micareoid.
Species
Brianaria bauschiana
Brianaria lutulata
Brianaria sylvicola
Brianaria tuberculata
References
Lecanorales
Lichen genera
Lecanorales genera
Taxa described in 2014
Elisabeth "Betty" Cebrián Scheurer (born 7 February 1971) is a Spanish former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She was part of the squad which became European champions in Perugia in 1993.
She is one of the players with the most appearances in the Spanish national team with 252 caps.
Nowadays, Cebrián works for FIBA Europe as member of the Women's Basketball Commission.
Club career
She made her debut in the Spanish league with Raventós Catasús at 16. As one of the most promising young players of her time, she got transferred to the Caja Toledo - BEX Banco Exterior project, with other young Spanish prospects in order to prepare for the 1992 Summer Olympics. She went on to play for some of the most important clubs in the Spanish league, like Costa Naranja, Universitari, and Celta Vigo, winning a total of five Spanish leagues and four Spanish cups.
She was one of the first foreign players to be signed to the newly formed WNBA, playing at New York Liberty in 1998.
National team
She made her debut with Spain women's national basketball team at the age of 18. She played with the senior team for 15 years, from 1989 to 2004. She is one of the most capped players with a total of 252 caps and 7.8 PPG. She participated in two Olympic Games (Barcelona 1992 and Athens 2004), three World Championships and five European Championships:
6th 1988 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women (youth)
5th 1989 FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women (youth)
1990 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women (youth)
5th 1992 Summer Olympics
1993 Eurobasket
8th 1994 World Championship
9th 1995 Eurobasket
5th 1997 Eurobasket
5th 1998 World Championship
2001 Eurobasket
5th 2002 World Championship
2003 Eurobasket
6th 2004 Summer Olympics
References
1971 births
Living people
Spanish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Basketball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Centers (basketball)
The Hawaii Music Awards were an annual people's-choice awards program established in 1996. The awards were organized and managed by the Music Foundation of Hawaii, a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting the diversity of music in Hawaii and to honoring and acknowledging the talents and achievements of the state's musicians.
The awards program was founded by Johnny Kai, and included various music genres such as Rock, Jazz, Classical, Ska, Punk, Latin, Blues, Reggae, Jawaiian, Polynesian, Exotica, Country Western, and also established Hawaiian genres like Traditional Hawaiian and Contemporary Hawaiian.
The award winners were theoretically selected by the general public although in some years artists affiliated with record labels that were financially sponsoring the awards won in significant numbers. The Hawaii Music Awards implemented the first online interactive voting system developed for the internet.
See also
Na Hoku Hanohano Awards
Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame
Music of Hawaii
References
External links
Hawaii Music Awards list of annual winners
Organizations based in Hawaii
Hawaiian music
Awards established in 1996
Music awards of Hawaii
1996 establishments in Hawaii
Music organizations based in the United States
Companies based in Honolulu
The 1905 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their tenth season in existence. The team finished 8-0 and were unscored upon. As a result, Latrobe claimed the Pennsylvania professional football title.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
Hans Weisshaar (Wildberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, August 25, 1913 - Los Angeles, June 24, 1991) was an important American violin restorer.
He worked in Germany, Switzerland and the Netherlands before coming to the United States in 1937, where he was employed with Simone Sacconi at Emil Herrmann in New York.
In 1947 he moved with his family to Hollywood, California, where he established his own business. He gained a reputation as an expert in the field through extensive teaching, lecturing, and judging in international competitions.
In 1988 he published with Margaret Shipman his Manual for Violin Makers, a work devoted to violin restoration.
References
1913 births
1991 deaths
People from Calw (district)
American luthiers
German luthiers
German emigrants to the United States
Stanley Chow is an artist and illustrator from Manchester, England.
Early life and education
Chow was born in 1974 and raised in Manchester by parents who had emigrated to England from Hong Kong. He grew up in a chip shop and says that living in this environment helped him to become an artist. Speaking to the BBC in 2014 Chow said “the reason why I am an illustrator is because growing up, the only form of amusement I had been with a biro and chip paper. I didn't really have many toys when I was a nipper, all I did was draw and draw and draw.”
He was educated at King's School in Macclesfield and during his time there Chow was inspired by his sixth form art teacher Robin Hidden who was himself an illustrator. Chow went on to study at Swindon College of Art on a course which included an exchange placement in Lyon, France.
Back in Manchester, Chow worked for a time as a club DJ, regularly playing venues including The Roadhouse and The Night and Day Cafe. Whilst out drinking, Chow would spend time entertaining himself by sketching his friends, who included Elbow's Guy Garvey, using simple line strokes which would eventually become the defining style of his work.
Career
Early work included creating fashion illustrations for teen magazines Just Seventeen and Sugar but when his father bought him a computer it changed the way he worked as Chow found himself being able to send work to clients digitally. He moved away from drawing and painting and started creating vector-based work using Illustrator, becoming a full-time illustrator in 2006. However, it was in 2007 that his career really took off when his art was spotted by musicians Meg and Jack White from the band The White Stripes. Chow had made a mock poster for the band and Meg and Jack liked it. Months later he was commissioned to create artwork for their Icky Thump album and he designed a limited edition USB flash drive which was later nominated for a Grammy Award in the 'Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package' category.
Portraits
Much of Chow's work is portraiture, with him specialising in images of celebrities from the worlds of music, television, film and sport. The people he selects to illustrate are spontaneous choices although Chow's love of football can be seen through the amount of portraits he has done of footballers, and his work is influenced by the Panini football stickers which he collected as a child in the 1980s. As a lifelong Manchester United fan Chow also agreed to illustrate poet Tony 'Longfella' Walsh's poem The Govan Boy which was written in tribute to Manchester United football manager Alex Ferguson. The pair both met Ferguson and discussed the project on BBC Radio Manchester.
Commissioned Work
Chow produces work for a wide range of clients including local businesses and internationally recognised brands. Throughout Manchester his work can be seen at Metrolink tram stops promoting Transport for Greater Manchester's Get Me There travel card scheme and in 2014 and 2015 Chow's illustrations were commissioned by the Modern Designers agency to promote Chinese New Year celebrations in the city.
Internationally, Chow's clients include Saatchi & Saatchi, McDonald's, WWE and Wired magazine. He also regularly supplies illustrations to The New Yorker magazine and as well as producing images for articles has created portraits of a number of The New Yorker's featured contributing staff.
In 2014, he illustrated a set of characters for advertising agency Leo Burnett UK's long term Little Piccadilly interactive campaign for McDonald's. The campaign enabled people to create their own animated characters using their smart phones, which could then be sent live to the McDonald's screen in Piccadilly, London.
During that same year he was also invited to the Lego headquarters in Billund, Denmark, where he provided lectures and workshops to graphic designers there. Chow has continued to work with Lego and at the start of 2015 was presented with a Lego mini figure of himself which he had designed.
2015 also saw Chow design one of his most high-profile commissions to date. On 4 October, The New York Times Magazine cover featured a photograph of a metallic helium balloon depicting the face of Presidential hopeful Donald Trump. The balloon was designed by Chow and then photographed floating away on a white background by Jamie Chung. The project was turned around in the space of a week with Chow being commissioned on the same day that the idea was thought up. Rather than making an illustration of a balloon which could be photoshopped, Design Director Gail Bichler and her team decided to manufacture an actual balloon which could be inflated, so 25 were produced in order for them to be photographed in different ways. The cover was well received with it gaining 71% of votes in Adweek's weekly magazine 'Cover Battle' although in an interview with GQ Magazine Trump referred to the cover as "ridiculous". The following year the cover went on to win a gold medal from The Society for News Design in their annual awards, in the '12C Magazines, Cover Design' category with judges describing the illustration as "Playful, fun, timely, tells a story, also timeless".
Exhibitions
In June 2014, Chow launched his first UK solo retrospective which was held at the Centre for Chinese Contemporary Art in Manchester's Northern Quarter. Chow reflected on his upbringing in a chip shop by turning the window of the arts centre into a takeaway shop front. At the end of the exhibition all the works were sold on a first-come, first-served basis at takeaway prices with buyers being able to remove the art from the walls and take it home immediately. All proceeds went to the CFCCA artistic programme.
In early 2016, Chow announced plans to return to the Centre for Chinese Contemporary Art for a follow-up exhibition which would take place for six months from February as part of the centre's 30th anniversary celebrations. The new exhibition, entitled InStangram would follow on from Chow's previous Takeaway exhibition by presenting 30 new designs featuring food, locations and objects inspired by Chow's experiences of growing up as an English-born Chinese man in Manchester.
References
External links
Stanley Chow Illustration Website
Stanley Chow Twitter
Stanley Chow Instagram
Short film interview with Stanley Chow
1974 births
British illustrators
English illustrators
Artists from Manchester
Living people
British people of Chinese descent
English people of Chinese descent
Hermanus Koekkoek, known as The Younger (8 December 1836, Amsterdam - May 1909, London) was a Dutch marine artist, and art dealer.
Life and work
He was part of the famous : grandson of Johannes Hermanus Koekkoek, nephew of the landscape painter, Barend Cornelis Koekkoek, and son of Hermanus Koekkoek the Elder. His son, Stephen Robert Koekkoek, also chose to become a painter.
Hermanus, together with his brothers, Willem, Johannes Hermanus Barend and , received his first art lessons from his father, who had recently settled in Amsterdam. In the 1860s, he began making regular visits to London, and settled there in 1869. In addition to painting, he operated an art dealership; specializing in works by his family members. The great popularity of his uncle Barend, in England, owes much to his promotional efforts.
His own work focused on sea, river, and beach views, in a Realistic style with Romantic elements; much like most of his relatives. In his later years, he emphasized the realistic, dramatic elements, and was influenced by the Hague School. When selling his works in London, he sometimes used the pseudonyms "Jan van Couver" and "Louis van Straaten". He often collaborated with the landscape painter, .
After his death, he was returned to The Hague for burial.
Sources
Benno Tempel, Ronald de Leeuw: Het Romantiek Boek. Waanders Uitgevers, Zwolle, 2006.
Brief biography @ Het Schildersgeslacht Koekkoek
External links
More works by Koekkoek @ ArtNet
1836 births
1909 deaths
Dutch painters
Dutch marine artists
Dutch emigrants to England
Painters from Amsterdam
Coupon may refer to the following:
Coupon, a document exchanged in a retail context to provide a discount on goods or services
Coupon (finance), with respect to bonds or certain derivatives, a coupon rate is the interest rate that the issuer pays to the bondholders
Coupon (PWB), a printed circuit card used to test the quality of a printed wiring board (PWB) fabrication process.
Coupon, Pennsylvania (place), a small, unincorporated community in Pennsylvania
Football pools promoters in the United Kingdom use this name when referring to the paper grids which gamblers fill in to bet on the results of football fixtures
Ukrainian karbovanets, the former Ukrainian currency
Coupon busters, these women's multi-style shoes fashionable in post-World War II England featured as a plot point in Foyle's War Series Seven, episode 2 ("The Cage")
Lago di Fiastra is a reservoir in the province of Macerata in the Marche region of Italy. It was created in 1955. The Fiastrone flows into the reservoir from the south and exits the reservoir in the northeast part of the lake. The lake is located within Monti Sibillini National Park.
References
Lakes of the Marche
João Batista Inácio (born 22 March 1982), commonly known as Piá, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.
Football career
Atalanta
Piá got his start by playing for Atalanta in Serie A, where he made his Serie A debut on 2 December 2001, in the 4–2 defeat to Internazionale. He scored only one goal in 23 appearances during his first years at the club. A loan spell came next as he joined up with then Serie B side Ascoli for a season, where this spell proved to be quite a successful time, scoring 13 goals in 36 games.
Napoli
After his loan spell ended, Piá returned to Atalanta making 10 more appearances for the club, before transferring to Napoli on a co-ownership deal in January 2005, for €750,000. He scored during his first official match for Napoli, in the 3–0 victory over Giulianova.
Piá helped the club achieve the Serie C1 championship, gaining promotion back into Serie B. The co-ownership deal with Atalanta was resolved in favour of Napoli in early 2005, for another €600,000. Despite being a regular starter with the club, and signing a new deal in May 2006 that will keep him at the club until 2011, he became a surplus in Napoli's Serie A campaign, and thus he was loaned to Treviso for another Serie B season. After just six months in Serie B with Treviso, he was loaned out to Serie A side Catania.
In June 2008, he returned to Napoli to wear once again the Neapolitan colours, and made his debut in the UEFA Cup match against Vllaznia, where he scored a brace in the 3–0 win. In the return fixture, he scored the second goal in the 5–0 defeat of the Albanian club.
In January 2010 he was loaned to Serie B side Torino.
Portogruaro
On 31 August 2010, he left Napoli permanently to join newly promoted Serie B side Portogruaro.
Lega Pro clubs
In September 2011 he left for Italian third division club Pergocrema. After scoring 10 goals with Pergocrema, he signed with Lecce the following the season.
Name spelling
The nickname Piá is pronounced as it is spelled (in his native Portuguese). The accent would signify that the stress is on the second syllable. In Italian, the language of his current team, the phonetic equivalent is written Pià, which is used for Italian television graphics.
Personal life
He is the older brother of Brazilian footballer Joelson, who also spent most of his career in Italy.
References
External links
Player profiles at AIC football website
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Atalanta B.C. players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
S.S.C. Napoli players
A.C.D. Treviso players
Catania S.S.D. players
Torino F.C. players
A.S.D. Portogruaro players
U.S. Pergolettese 1932 players
U.S. Lecce players
Taranto F.C. 1927 players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Naturalised citizens of Italy
Association football forwards
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
1982 births
Living people
Polonosuchus is a genus of rauisuchid known from the late Triassic (Carnian age) of Poland. It was a huge predator about 5–6 metres in length and, like all rauisuchians, was equipped with a large head of long sharp teeth. The legs were placed almost underneath the body, unlike most reptiles, which would have made it quite fast and a powerful runner. The appearance was very similar to that of the more known Postosuchus, of North America, and shared with the latter the ecological niche of the apex predator.
Discovery
It was described as Teratosaurus silesiacus in 2005 by Tomasz Sulej, and was transferred to the genus Polonosuchus by Brusatte et al. in 2009. However, it is still considered closely related to the remaining Teratosaurus species, Teratosaurus suevicus. In Polonosuchus, the rostromedial foramen is on the medial surface of the maxilla, and the foramina for replacement teeth are not connected by a dental groove but are set together in a straight line, unlike in Teratosaurus. It also had a larger first dental alveolus than Teratosaurus, no different in size from alveoli 2-4, shorter overall maxillae (165 mm as opposed to 245 mm), and a large ridge between the palatal process and the dental alveoli which is not present in Teratosaurus at all.
Description
The holotype, and only known specimen, is fragmentary. From the skull are preserved both maxillae, premaxillae, nasals, prefrontals, palatines and quadrates, the left jugal, the right pterygoid, quadratojugal, surangular, articular, squamosal and lacrimal, and fragments of the dentary. There are also the first three cervical vertebrae, nine caudal vertebrae, some caudal scutes and fragments of cervical ribs.
Skull
The maxillae are tall and laterally compressed, forming most of the borders of the antorbital fenestra (visible on the photo above). The palatal process extends anteroventrally and is very short. A ridge extending to form a suture with the palatine is present above the sixth, seventh and eighth dental alveoli. Small infraorbital foramina are located around the edge of the antorbital fenestra, near the teeth. At least eleven dental alveoli were present, although the total is not certain as both maxillae are broken off at the posterior ends. Small replacement teeth are visible above some of the alveoli, indicating it was probably a polyphyodont.
The premaxillae are very similar to those of Postosuchus, but slightly smaller; the posterodorsal process is broken off, but sutures present on the nasal bones show it would have extended all the way up to the anterior border of the naris. The palatal processes of the premaxillae are incompletely preserved, but would almost certainly have articulated with those of the maxillae. There are certainly four alveoli present, with a small cavity which may be a fifth.
The nasals have a long dorsoventrally compressed process which would have extended down between the maxilla and premaxilla. They also have a long anterior process with a triangular cross-section. The surface for articulation with the lacrimal is clearly visible on the right nasal.
The lacrimal has a thick rugose ridge extending back from that on the nasal. Its lamellar part forms the posterodorsal border of the antorbital fenestra, and is articulated with the maxillae which form much of the rest of the borders. There is also a descending process of the lacrimal which forms most of the posterior border of the antorbital fenestra, with a noticeably striated ridge. This descending process would probably have contacted the jugal at its ventral end.
The prefrontals are large triangular plates which overhang the orbits, with rugose lateral surfaces. All the surfaces which articulate with the other bones of the skull roof are narrow and oblique.
The squamosal has five projections. Two of these bordered the superior temporal fenestra and met with the parietal and postorbital, which are not known. A hook-like ventral projection would have met the quadrate head, and a lateral projection would have overhung the quadratojugal. The fifth projection is broken off and missing.
Much of the jugal is preserved, although not the anterior or ascending processes. The posterior process has straight margins. The ascending process had a triangular cross-section at the base, where it articulates with the pterygoid. The quadratojugal is only partial, with a broken dorsal edge. Its process for articulating with the quadrate is clearly visible, and that for the jugal is long and indented.
The palatines have a robust anterior and fragile posterior. Relative to their overall length, the region between the choanae and the suborbital fossae is very long. An oblique vertical wall rises from the dorsal surface, separating part of the nasal fossa. There are two ridges which cross on the ventral surface.
The pterygoid has a missing anterior ramus. Its posteroventral ramus has missing parts, but the centre is preserved and exhibits a cleft for the ectopterygoid. The quadrate ramus extends back with a narrow shelf on the ventral side. A small facet at its base forms part of the articulation with the basisphenoid, which is common for Triassic archosaurs.
The quadrate has a rounded dorsal head which contacts the squamosal, and a high and narrow pterygoid ramus. There is a strong posterior ridge along the quadrate's main axis. Above the two parts of the mandibular condyle, there is a well-defined facet for articulation with the quadratojugal.
The anterior parts of the dentary are preserved, up to the first eight teeth. The lateral faces bear a series of vascular foramina.
The articular and surangular are fragmentary, and one of the few features preserved is a foramen for a branch of the facial nerve.
Vertebrae
The centrum of the atlas vertebra is the only part preserved, and has a crescent shape and rounded anterior surface. The other two vertebrae have centra longer than they are tall. The axis has a triangular neural spine and relatively small prezygapophyses, at least compared to the stout postzygapophyses. The third cervical vertebra has an incomplete neural spine and equally sized post- and prezygapophyses. The caudal vertebrae have pronounced facets for the haemal arches, and tall plate-like neural spines. The centra have smooth convex ventral surfaces, and as the vertebrae are fairly large, they probably come from the anterior part of the tail.
Dermal armour
Five dermal scutes were found in close proximity to the caudal vertebrae, indicating that they are probably from the tail. The two largest are rectangular and have articulatory processes, indicating that they would have overlapped and linked together. The three smaller plates are leaf-shaped and their articulatory processes are in a different place, indicating the presence of at least two distinct rows of medial dermal armour.
References
Rauisuchids
Triassic reptiles
Late Triassic reptiles of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 2009
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
Brooklyn Arts Press (BAP) is an independent publisher of poetry, literary fiction, non-fiction, art books, and music. The company was founded in 2007 by writer Joe Pan (formerly Joe Millar) in Brooklyn, New York. In 2015, the small press was compared to Radiohead and Louis CK for running a promotional sale that allowed readers to pay whatever they wanted for a new Noah Eli Gordon paperback book, leading to local and international speculation as to whether the campaign would be instrumental in changing how poetry books are sold in the US. In 2016, Daniel Borzutzky's book The Performance of Becoming Human, published by BAP that April, won the National Book Award for Poetry.
History
Brooklyn Arts Press, or BAP, began with the self-publication of Joe Pan's first book, Autobiomythography & Gallery, after his debut manuscript was named a finalist for several major poetry contests, including the Yale Series of Younger Poets Competition, the Academy of American Poets' Walt Whitman Award, and the National Poetry Series. The book went on to be named “Best First Book of the Year” by Coldfront Magazine, and allowed BAP to begin publishing more books. While the recession halted production in 2008 and 2009, in 2010, the publishing company soon “broke the barrier where each book pays for the next."
Since then, the small press has published between 9-12 books per year, including Christopher Hennessy's Love-In-Idleness, which was a finalist for the Thom Gunn Award in 2012.
On June 1, 2017 Brooklyn Arts Press will release the debut LP from Brooklyn indie-rock trio Tuff Sunshine.
Notable Authors
Anselm Berrigan
Alexander Boldizar
Daniel Borzutzky (National Book Award Winner)
Noah Eli Gordon
Carol Guess
Michael Ernest Sweet
References
External links
Publishing companies established in 2007
Book publishing companies based in New York (state)
Companies based in Brooklyn
Arnol () is a small village typical of many settlements of the west coast of the Isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland. Arnol is within the parish of Barvas, and is situated on the A858.
Once a thriving township with over forty crofts, it now has a population of about 100 and supports a much lower number of active crofters. It is the location of the Blackhouse Museum, owned by Historic Environment Scotland.
History
The township of Arnol has been moved at least three times in the last two hundred years with materials for buildings being robbed and re-used from earlier structures. The early 19th century settlement was actually on the coast but later it was moved inland, closer to the main road. Few of the surviving buildings were lived in for more than 50 years and during that time many were considerably modified, extended and partially rebuilt.
The Arnol blackhouses
Through the village the ruins of blackhouses can be seen everywhere. Very few are still roofed but their massive stone walls and ‘organic' lines are very characteristic. The older ones have rounded ends and appear as a series of conjoined cells typically with a central living area/byre with a porch and barn on either side. The later ones can be identified by their gabled end walls and the presence of a stone dividing wall between living area and byre.
The museum at No. 42 is probably the best example of a blackhouse on Lewis having been in state care since the occupants moved out in the 1960s. The building, complete with internal fittings, gives a very good impression of what it would have been like to live in a blackhouse. The central hearth is always kept lit and is essential to keep the roof dry and in good condition.
The visitor centre also includes the ruined blackhouse over the road at No. 39. This is one of the few blackhouses on Lewis that have been investigated archaeologically. The excavation by Headland Archaeology revealed successive phases of occupation as the building was modified during the last century as estate owners tried to improve living standards. The earliest levels identified an open central hearth with no clear division between the living area and the byre. In later phases, floors were cobbled or flagged and a step was built to separate the areas occupied by humans and animals. The living area was leveled, probably to accommodate box beds and other furniture. Before the roof collapsed the building was used as a weaving shed as evidenced by the presence of a stone-built platform in the central room.
References
External links
Canmore - Lewis, Arnol site record
Canmore - Lewis, 42 Arnol, Blackhouse site record
Villages in the Isle of Lewis
Andrei Sergeyevich Nikolayev (; born 6 August 1976) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1992 for FC Torpedo-d Moscow. He played 3 games in the UEFA Cup 1996–97 for FC Torpedo-Luzhniki Moscow. He also played 1 game for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara in the Russian Cup.
References
1976 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Torpedo-2 players
Russian Premier League players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
FC Khimki players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
Russian football managers
John Alexander Key (December 30, 1871 – March 4, 1954) was an American politician who served as a U.S. representative from Ohio for three terms from 1913 to 1919.
Early life and career
Born in Marion, Ohio, Key attended the public schools. He learned the printer's trade. He was a city letter carrier from 1897 to 1903. He was Recorder of Marion County from 1903 to 1908. He was Secretary to Representative Carl C. Anderson, of Ohio from 1908 to 1912.
Congress
Key was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-third, Sixty-fourth, and Sixty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1913 – March 3, 1919). He served as chairman of the Committee on Pensions (Sixty-third through Sixty-fifth Congresses). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1918 to the Sixty-sixth Congress.
Later career and death
He engaged in the petroleum industry. He served as inspector of Federal prisons from 1934 until his retirement in 1941.
Death
He died in Marion, Ohio, March 4, 1954. He was interred in Marion Cemetery.
Sources
1871 births
1954 deaths
People from Marion, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Flying Saucers was a monthly magazine published and edited by Raymond A. Palmer, devoted to articles on UFOs and the Shaver Mystery.
History
The magazine was first published as Flying Saucers from Other Worlds in 1957, before evolving into Flying Saucers in 1958. The initial title was designed to create confusion with a science fiction magazine Other Worlds, which Palmer also published and which overlapped for two issues. Such confusion may have been designed to overcome the difficulty that a new magazine in a new category would have in finding space on newsstands, to help attract readership, or more likely both. The confusion continues to tax magazine collectors to this day.
Flying Saucers From Other Worlds was first published in June 1957 and cost 35 cents an issue. The editorial by Ray Palmer on page 4 begins with "This is the first Flying Saucers From Other Worlds. Ray A. Palmer was Editor, Gray Barker was a Eastern Editor and August C. Roberts was Photo Editor. Col. Ron Ormond was Western Editor several issues later. The front cover of issue number one was a composite from the movies Forbidden Planet" and "Captive Women". The editorial address was in Amherst, Wisconsin. The magazine itself was published by Palmer Publications, Inc. in Evanston, Illinois.
The Flying Saucers From Other Worlds May 1958 Issue No. 29 was the last one by that title. In the July–August 1958 Issue No. 30 the name of the magazine was changed to Flying Saucers, The Magazine of Space Conquest. Ray Palmer was still editor at that time. The title was later changed to Flying Saucers, Mysteries of the Space Age and the magazine continued until June 1976 when it ceased publication.
References
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1957
Magazines disestablished in 1958
Paranormal magazines
Defunct science fiction magazines published in the United States
Magazines published in Illinois
Adam Drury may refer to:
Adam Drury (footballer, born 1978), Retired English professional footballer active 1995–2014
Adam Drury (footballer, born 1993), English professional footballer active 2007–present
The Toronto Philharmonic Society was one of the first secular music organizations in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The Society included both singers and instrumentalists.
History
The Society was founded in 1845 by John McCaul, who was at the time president of King's College. It became inactive in the late 1860s, but was revived in 1872 by McCaul and organist James P. Clarke, who became its conductor. Under his leadership the Society presented Handel's Messiah at Shaftesbury Hall in 1873, with more than 150 voices.
Frederick Torrington took over as conductor later that year, and the group went on to perform many oratorios, including premiers of Canadian works. The Society also performed both vocal and instrumental classical music and selections from operas. Most of the performances took place at Shaftesbury Hall and at the Horticultural Pavilion in Allan Gardens, and many of the pieces performed had not been heard in Canada before.
References
1845 establishments in Canada
Performing arts in Toronto
Classical music in Canada
The 1st Battalion, 161st Field Artillery Regiment is a Field Artillery battalion of the Kansas Army National Guard in Kansas. Like many National Guard field artillery battalions, it is the sole battalion in the regiment. The battalion is currently headquartered in Hutchinson, and consists of three firing batteries: Alpha (Dodge City), Bravo (Abilene), Charlie (Newton), and a Headquarters Battery (Hutchinson). The battalion has a direct support relationship with the 1161st Forward Support Company (Wichita & Pratt). The battalion's higher headquarters is the 130th Field Artillery Brigade (Manhattan).
History
The 1-161 FA has its roots as the 2nd Infantry Regiment of the Kansas Volunteer Militia, which was organized from existing units in 1880. The regiment was mustered into federal service in June 1916 for duty guarding the Mexican Border against invasion. The regiment served for 5 months at Eagle Pass, Texas. In August 1917, the 2nd Infantry Regiment was drafted into federal service and in October of that same year, was consolidated with the 1st Infantry Regiment and re-designated the 137th Infantry, Kansas National Guard and assigned to the 35th Division. The regiment saw duty in France and participated in the Meuse-Argonne offensive. They were demobilized in May 1919, after 34 months of active duty service. In November 1921, the 2nd Infantry Regiment was re-designated as the 161st Field Artillery Regiment and assigned to the 35th Division. In December 1940 the regiment was inducted into federal service. In December 1941, the regiment, along with the rest of the 35th Division, was moved to California to defend against possible Japanese invasion. On 1 March 1942, the regiment was divided into the 161st Field Artillery Battalion (the former 1st Battalion), assigned to the 35th Infantry Division, and the 2nd Battalion, 195th Field Artillery Regiment (the former 2nd Battalion), which became a separate unit. The 35th Division began training in April 1943 at Fort Rucker, AL. The division arrived in England in May 1944, and returned to the United States in November 1945. From 1946 to 1998, the 161st's designation was changed nine times from regiment to battalion, with various naming conventions. In March 1996, 1st Battalion, 161st Field Artillery converted from M110 8-inch howitzers to M109A5 howitzers but continued as a general support battalion of the 35th Infantry Division Artillery. During the same reorganization, Battery F, 161st Field Artillery was organized as a separate 8-inch general support battery of the division artillery.
In 2001, the battalion was mobilized for Operation Noble Eagle and provided force protection and gate security at McConnell AFB, Fort Leavenworth and Fort Riley. Members of Bravo Battery, which was based out of Pratt, were deployed in 2005 to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. One Soldier lost his life while serving in Iraq. The battery returned in July 2007. That same month, the rest of the battalion was notified that they would be deployed to Iraq. In October of that year Headquarters Battery, Alpha Battery, Charlie Battery and the 1161st FSC began pre-mobilization training and deployed in February 2008. Headquarters Battery was sent to Baghdad, while the remainder of the Battalion, with reinforcements from Battery E 161st Field Artillery, were sent to FOB Grizzly to provide force protection. One soldier, Specialist Ronald Schmidt stationed in FOB Grizzly, lost his life on that deployment as well. The battalion was again mobilized in February 2011 for deployment to Camp Lemonnier in Djibouti. The battalion deployed with full strength, augmented with both Battery E, 1161st FSC, and the 35th Military Police Company. They returned to the United States in February 2012.
In June 2018, Charlie Battery deployed in support of Operation Spartan Shield with the 155 ABCT as a battery in the 2-114 FA. The battery deployed contingents to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Syria and returned in March 2019. Subsequently, Charlie Battery was awarded the 2019 Alexander Hamilton Award as the best battery in the US Army National Guard.
References
Adjutant General's Department News Article
The Institute of Heraldry
35th ID in WWI
161
F 161
Military units and formations established in 1921
Times Higher Education (THE), formerly The Times Higher Education Supplement (The Thes), is a British magazine reporting specifically on news and issues related to higher education.
Ownership
TPG Capital acquired TSL Education from Charterhouse in a £400 million deal in July 2013 and rebranded TSL Education, of which Times Higher Education was a part, as TES Global. The acquisition by TPG marked the third change of ownership in less than a decade for Times Higher Education, which was previously owned by News International before being acquired by Exponent Private Equity in 2005.
In March 2019, private equity group Inflexion Pvt. Equity Partners LLP acquired Times Higher Education from TPG Capital, becoming THE's fourth owners in 15 years. Following the acquisition by the private equity group, Times Higher Education was carved out as an independent entity from TES Global. The investment was made by Inflexion's dedicated mid-market buyout funds.
The exclusive advisor for the acquisition by Inflexion was Houlihan Lokey, an investment company which has previously assisted several private equity groups acquire for-profit educational organisations. Post-acquisition, Houlihan Lokey noted that the existing Times Higher Education team will work to meet the demand for data and branding products, and look at cross-selling to existing clients.
History
From its first issue, on 15 October 1971, until 2008, The Times Higher Education Supplement (The Thes) was published weekly in newspaper format and was born out of its sister paper, the Times Educational Supplement (TES) and affiliated with The Times newspaper.
Its founding editor, Brian MacArthur, recruited a team of talented young reporters to chart the expanding higher education sector, including Peter Hennessy (now Lord Hennessy) , David Henke, David Walker, Christopher Hitchens, and Peter Scott, who was appointed editor in 1976. Scott remained editor until 1992, leading a team of journalists that included Robin McKie, John O'Leary (who would later return as editor after a period at The Times), and Peter David. Other staff reporters in this period included Ngaio Crequer and Judith Judd. Brian Morton, Lynne Truss and Olga Wojtas have established careers as writers.
In the 1980s, The Thes pioneered comparisons of the reputations of university departments through peer review conducted by consulting academics in the field under scrutiny. Managed by O'Leary, this become the foundation for the league table of United Kingdom universities that was launched under his stewardship as Education Editor of The Times.
The Thes was a supporter of the then “binary divide” between the established universities and the polytechnics and the links between the latter and the local education authorities, which ended with the Further and Higher Education Act 1992.
The magazine features a fictional satirical column written by Laurie Taylor, the "Poppletonian", which reflects on life at the fictional Poppleton University.
Under Scott's editorship, it stood apart from other titles in Rupert Murdoch's News International in endorsing the Labour Party at successive General Elections.
In 1992 Scott left for academe and was replaced by Auriol Stevens, who was editor until 2002. Under her editorship The Thes strongly supported the case for undergraduate students to contribute to their higher education through tuition fees.
The Thes was the first of Rupert Murdoch's UK titles to put its text, archive and job ads online, although the text was at that time behind a subscription wall. Stevens described the move as the "Murdoch empire's canary in the coal mine".
With its elder sister publication, the Times Educationa l Supplement, it was acquired by venture capital group Exponent in October 2005 for £205m.
On 10 January 2008, it was relaunched as a magazine, published by TES Global. The magazine is edited by John Gill. Phil Baty is the editor-at-large, and is responsible for international coverage. He is also the editor of the magazine's World University Rankings.
In 2011, Times Higher Education was awarded the titles of "Weekly Business Magazine of the Year" and "Media Business Brand of the Year" by the Professional Publishers Association.
In 2019, it was widely rumoured that Elsevier, who already partners with THE in order to compile their university rankings, was planning to take over Times Higher Education completely.
In August 2020, Times Higher Education announced partnerships with recruitment agency SI-UK and accommodation provider Casita, signalling its entry into the overseas student recruitment and student housing markets.
On 11 September 2020, Netherlands-based Studyportals announced that it had inked an agreement with Times Higher Education, which will see the Times Higher Education website's student visitors directed to the Studyportals student recruitment platform whenever students look into courses run by universities that THE ranks in its World University Rankings.
University rankings
Times Higher Education became known for publishing the annual Times Higher Education–QS World University Rankings, which first appeared in November 2004. On 30 October 2009 Times Higher Education broke with Quacquarelli Symonds, then its partner in compiling the Rankings, and signed an agreement with Thomson Reuters to provide the data instead. The magazine developed a new methodology in consultation with its readers and its editorial board and the results were published annually from autumn 2010 to 2013, when They signed a new deal with Elsevier.
As well as its THE World University Rankings, Times Higher Education also publishes a number of other rankings:
Events
Times Higher Education runs a series of summits, forums and symposiums throughout the year. Chaired by THE's editorial journalists, these events bring together global leaders and influencers from across academic, government and industry to debate, discuss and drive forward the future of higher education governance, innovation and research.
Awards
The magazine runs two sets of awards annually, the "Times Higher Education Awards" (launched in 2007) and the "Times Higher Education Awards Asia" (launched in 2019). The "Times Higher Education Leadership and Management Awards" (Thelmas) ran from 2011 to 2018.. The Times Higher Education University of the Year 2020 Winners, nominated the educational universities in the UK for the 2020 University of the Year Awards.
References
External links
1971 establishments in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in the United Kingdom
Weekly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Education magazines
Higher education in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in London
Magazines established in 1971
Newspaper supplements
Member institutions of the University of London are colleges and universities that are members of the federal University of London. The University of London was initially configured as an examining board for affiliated colleges, but was reconfigured as a teaching university for London, with many London colleges becoming schools of the university, in 1900. Since the 1990s it has trended towards much greater autonomy for its colleges. Common assessment standards by subject no longer exist across the university nor is shared teaching or cross-registration commonplace.
The evolution towards greater decentralization within the university has had three major impacts functionally. First, member institutions have taken different approaches in emphasizing their ties to the federal university (for example in formal branding or via participation in shared services such as intercollegiate housing for London based students). Second, because select member institutions have autonomous degree granting powers apart from the federal university, while all students who complete their studies are deemed graduates of the federal university itself, only some students are deemed graduates of the specific member institution that supported their studies. For instance, the London School of Economics only awards LSE degrees and confers alumni status to students who complete some portion of their studies at the LSE. In contrast, the several thousand students studying on LSE directed degrees externally receive a University of London degree and are not deemed alumni of the LSE proper. Finally, the federal university has purposefully exercised little discipline over subject content or the development of new academic programs such that duplicate programs are commonplace. For example, eight member institutions now offer some version of a qualifying first professional degree in law, several have launched statistics programs to meet growing demand for the field.
History
The institutions that make up the university of London have been referred to by a number of different terms historically. From federation in 1900 until the passing of the University of London Act 1994 they were formally "schools of the university" or (until 1978) "colleges incorporated into the university", from 1994 until the passing of the University of London Act 2018 they were "colleges", and from 2018 they have been "member institutions". A member institution is defined in the 2018 act as "an educational, academic or research institution which is a constituent member of the University and has for the time being — (a) the status of a college under the statutes; or (b) the status of a university". This had the effect of allowing institutions to change their status from colleges to universities in their own right while still remaining part of the University of London.
Intercollegiate Registration and study
Students from University of London colleges who wish to take a course at another college within the collegiate public university as part of their degree can register as intercollegiate students.
Degree powers
Until year 2008, all colleges within the federal collegiate system, solely awarded University of London degree.
From 2003 onwards some colleges received their own degree-awarding powers. However, these were held in abeyance until 2008, when a number of colleges began to award their own degrees.
Member institutions
The member institutions of the University of London are currently divided as follows, in alphabetical order:
Colleges
Birkbeck, University of London (BBK)
City, University of London (CIT)
Courtauld Institute of Art
Goldsmiths, University of London (GUL)
Institute of Cancer Research (ICR)
King's College London (KCL)
London Business School (LBS)
The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE)
London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine (LSHTM)
Queen Mary University of London (QMUL)
Royal Academy of Music (RAM)
Royal Central School of Speech and Drama (RCSSD)
Royal Holloway, University of London (RHUL)
Royal Veterinary College (RVC)
St George's, University of London (SGUL)
School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS)
University College London (UCL)
Former colleges
Bedford College
Chelsea College
Hackney College
Heythrop College, University of London (HEY)
Imperial College London (Imperial)
Institute of Archaeology
Institute of Education (IoE)
New College London
Queen Elizabeth College
Regent's Park College
Richmond Theological College
School of Pharmacy, University of London
School of Slavonic and East European Studies
Westfield College
Wye College
References
University of London
Tedrow Glacier () is a tributary Glacier which flows north into Ferrar Glacier along the west side of Table Mountain, in Victoria Land. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John C. F. Tedrow, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) project leader for soil studies, who worked at McMurdo Station, 1961–62.
Glaciers of Scott Coast
"Blue Jeans" (Fox Trot Song) is a sentimental popular song written by Harry D. Kerr and Lou Traveller in 1920. In the song, the singer is reminiscing about a long-ago young love that happened somewhere in the "hills of the old Cumberland." The chorus echoes the singer's longing:
"Blue Jeans" was recorded a number of times, including by the Premier Quartet (Edison Blue Amberol 4288, August 1921) and the Peerless Quartet (Victor 18740, November 1920).
References
Bibliography
Kerr, Harry D. (words); Traveller, Lou (music). "Blue Jeans: Fox Trot Song" (sheet music). Cleveland: Sam Fox Pub. Co. (1920).
External links
"A Blast From The Past; October 1997, First Issue Updated. The Parlor Songs Collection.
"Blue Jeans" (mp3) by the Premier Quartet; hosted by Internet Archive.
"Blue Jeans" (sheet music), Archive of Popular American Music; hosted by UCLA Library Digital Collections.
American popular music
1920 songs
Foxtrots
Black Danger is a masked Mexican professional wrestler (luchador enmascarado in Spanish). He is primarily known for working for promotions such as The Crash Lucha Libre, Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide and Major League Wrestling where he portrays a rudo ("Bad guy") wrestling character. He previously worked under the ring names Mega Danger and Espectro . Black Danger is a former holder of The Crash Junior Championship and is also a member of La Rebelión Amarilla. His real name is not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico, where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans.
Personal life
Black Danger is the nephew of Super Xolo and the cousin of Mirage, both wrestlers.
Championships and accomplishments
The Crash Lucha Libre
The Crash Junior Championship (1 time)
Promociones EMW
EMW World Middleweight Championship (1 time, current)
Luchas de Apuestas record
References
External links
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Masked wrestlers
Mexican male professional wrestlers
People from Tijuana
Professional wrestlers from Baja California
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hermann David Salomon Corrodi (July 1844 – 30 January 1905) was an Italian painter of landscapes and orientalist scenes.
Biography
Corrodi was born in Frascati (an alternate source lists his birthplace as Zurich) and lived for many years in Rome." Corrodi studied at the Academy of St Luke under his father, Salomon Corrodi (1810–1892) and in Paris (1872).
Corrodi received commissions for history paintings from the British royal family. He was acquainted with most of the European royalty of the time, including a friendship with Queen Victoria, and traveled widely in the Far East, including Egypt, Syria, Cyprus and Istanbul, which provided the subject matter for many of his paintings. He is the brother of Arnold Corrodi. Originally a landscape painter in the academic style, much of his work is also typical of the Orientalism style of the 19th century. In 1893 he was knighted as an Academic of Merit by the Academy of St Luke, where he had been a professor. He died in Rome on 30 January 1905.
Corrodi's work is in the Frye Art Museum in Seattle, WA, the Dahesh Museum of Art in New York, Qatar National Museum, and Museo di Roma in Trastevere.
Works
Prayer at Dusk, Venice
Campfire by the River: The Kiosk of Trajan at Philae
Fetching Water at a Fountain
Italian Fishermen By The Sea, Southern Italy
Fisherman at Rest on a Vessel in Quiet Waters
Processione A Sorrento
The Ambush
Arab Carpet Merchants
Sunset on the Nile
At the Water's Edge
Prayers at Dawn
″Ein Fischer und Meerjungfrauen in der Blauen Grotte auf Capri″
See also
List of Orientalist artists
Orientalism
References
External links
1884 births
1905 deaths
People from Frascati
19th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
20th-century Italian painters
Orientalist painters
19th-century Italian male artists
20th-century Italian male artists
Simon Cox (born 12 May 1970) is a British lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1994 World Rowing Championships in Indianapolis with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1970 births
Living people
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Ghiasi is a village in Iran. Ghiasi may also refer to
Other villages in Iran
Mazraeh-ye Ghiasi
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Ali Ghiasi, Fars
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Ali Ghiasi, Kerman
Other uses
Teymour Ghiasi (born 1946), Iranian high jumper
Planococcus is a genus of Gram-Positive or Gram-variable, cocci or short rod-shaped bacteria in the family Caryophanaceae from the order Caryophanales. The type species of this genus is Planococcus citreus.
Some members of Planococcus are previously species belonging to Planomicrobium. Instead of branching with species from Planomicrobum, these species formed a monophyletic branch with members of Planococcus in various phylogenetic trees constructed based on conserved genome sequences, indicating their phylogenetic relatedness. The family Caryophanaceae encompassed many branching anomalies such as this one, partially due to the reliance on 16S rRNA sequences as a method for classification, which is known to have low resolution power and give differing results depending on the algorithm used. In 2020, a comparative genomic study emended the family, resulting in the establishment of three new genera as well as the amendment of a number of genera including Planococcus.
The name Planococcus is derived from the Greek noun planes, translating into "a wanderer" and the Latin term coccus. Together, Planococcus can be translated as a motile coccus.
Biochemical Characteristics and Molecular Signatures
Cells exhibit Gram-positive or Gram-variable staining and they are cocci or short rods and generally motile.
Genomic analyses identified five conserved signature indels (CSIs) that are uniquely present in members of this genus in the following proteins: penicillin-binding protein 2, hypothetical protein, NADPH-dependent 7-cyano-7-deazaguanine reductase QueF, ACT domain-containing protein, and methylmalonyl-CoA mutase. These molecular signatures provide a reliable method for differentiating Planococcus species from other genera within the family Caryophanaceae and all other bacteria.
Taxonomy
Planococcus, as of 2021, contains 24 species with validly published names. This genus was identified as a monophyletic clade and phylogenetically unrelated to other species in the family Caryophanaceae in studies examining the taxonomic relationships within the family.
References
Bacillales
Bacteria genera
Talento Argentino is a television show, led by Mariano Peluffo, which airs on the Telefé channel. It is based on the English-format Got Talent series, which takes place simultaneously in other countries, such as Britain's Got Talent in the United Kingdom, America's Got Talent in the United States or Got Talent, the Spanish version.
The show has three jurors responsible for selecting people with certain talents, from whom the winner is chosen by the public.
Format
The program requires participants to demonstrate their skill in various disciplines such as singing, dancing, comedy, music and more. During the performance, three judges decide whether the contestant should stop performing by pressing a button that turns on a big red X. If three Xs appear, the participant is automatically removed without being able to finish his presentation.
Every week, through a vote with SMS and phone calls, the public chooses participants. Competitors in second and third place are considered by the jury to reach the final of the competition and a chance to win the pageant.
In the end, the winner is chosen by the public. In the first edition, the prize was a hundred thousand pesos Argentina ($100,000 ARS).
The three Xs
The X is the indicator of whether the jury is pleased by the talent. The Xs are white when no judge pressed his button.
Majority of white Xs: Most jurors think that a participant should go to the next stage. When most Xs are white, the participant remains in the talent show.
Majority of red Xs: Most of the jurors are opposed to the participant remaining in the contest.
Talento Argentino 1 (2008)
Broadcast: 27 July 2008 - 21 December 2008
After the success that took the competition around the world, Telefe bought the rights and issued it in mid-2008 with great success. Mariano Peluffo was the host of the contest, and the jury was made up of Venezuelan actress Catherine Fulop, the professional dancer Maximiliano Guerra, and Kike Teruel, the member of the group The Nocheros. The winner was comedian and impressionist Cordoba, Martín Bustos, who was rewarded with $100,000.
Statistics
Number of selected participants: 132 (counting groups as one participant)
Number of individual participants: 101
Number of groups: 31
Oldest participant: Ana Flora García (83)
Youngest participant: Mariela Lavalleja (6)
First foreign participant: Stepan Grytsay
Unique in talent:
Michelle Sanchez (aerobic sports)
Maria Belen Barreiro (harp)
Juan Francisco Seguí (chair tango dancer)
Mariano Ramos (beat box with acrobatics)
Paul Mountain (bike trial)
Sergio Villagra (cartoonist)
Mauro y Nicole Proietto (acrobatic duo)
Ariel Rene Adorno (|malambo with bolas (cattle rounder))
Cesar Calabrese (mimo)
Cristian Fernandez (music in the body)
Gabriela Mugica y Flavio Fissolo (figure skating)
Maria Riquelme (pianist)
Mariela Lavallejf (reciter of verses)
Alexander Lencina (puppeteer)
Sebastian Mesa (saxophone)
The Gomez brothers "Shao Lin Pai" (wushu kung fu)
Most common talent: singing (41 participants)
Talento Argentino 2 (2009)
The second edition of Talento Argentino started on 23 July 2009, with an average audience of 25.2 rating points. Again, the presentation of the contest was by Mariano Peluffo, with the same team of jurors as in the first edition, Catherine Fulop, Maximiliano Guerra, and Kike Teruel. 40,000 people auditioned, from Mendoza, Buenos Aires, Rosario, Mar del Plata, Bahía Blanca, Córdoba, San Luis, Salta, San Juan, Neuquén, Corrientes and Tucumán. The winner, Guitarist Daniel Ferreyra, took a $100,000 prize.
Talento Argentino 3 (2010–2011)
The third edition of Talento Argentino aired during late 2010 and early 2011. The winner of the third season was accordion player Diego Gutierrez.
Winners
Season 1, 2008: Martin Bustos (humorous imitation)
Season 2, 2009: Daniel Ferreyra (guitarist)
Season 3, 2010–2011: Diego Gutierrez (accordion player)
Seasons
References
External links
Talento Argentino (official website)
Talento Argentino Forum
2008 Argentine television series debuts
2000s Argentine television series
2010s Argentine television series
Argentina
Television series by Fremantle (company)
Telefe original programming
Non-British television series based on British television series
Saint Anthony's Church (, also known as Kisha e Shna Ndout) is a catholic church and a cultural heritage monument in Gjakova, Kosovo.
History and description
Saint Anthony's Church is located on “Rruga e Katolikëve,” Gjakova's so-called “Catholic street,” opposite Saint Paul and Saint Peter's Church. The first church, named Father Milan's Church, was built there in 1882 but later destroyed. In 1931, Father Lorenc Mazreku built the present church on the same grounds and dedicated it to Saint Anthony of Padua, known in the Albanian language as Shen Ndout. Renovations since yielded lodgings, offices, and bathrooms, but all have largely preserved the original structure, including its rectangular nave and dual bell tower oriented west-to-east. A simple, unadorned arch entryway leads through the narthex and nave to the chapel and in turn to the sacristy. The sparse interior rests on a rectangular, almost symmetrical foundation. Administrative offices are hosted in an adjoining building on the south side. The altar lies on a square platform next to the nave and dominates the interior. The eastward bell towers by the entrance have simple square capstones. In the early 1990s, extensive interior renovations introduced the latest marble and ceramic materials, but the exterior remains humbly decorated, including the four windows each on the northern and southern façades.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Kosovo
Gerhard Boetzelen (7 January 1906 – 27 February 1995) was a German rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 he won the silver medal with his partner Herbert Buhtz in the double sculls competition.
External links
profile
1906 births
1995 deaths
Olympic rowers of Germany
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in rowing
German male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Roman Valeryevich Murtazayev (; born 10 September 1993) is a Kazakh footballer who plays for Shakhter Karagandy and the Kazakhstan national football team.
Career
Club
In December 2015, Murtazayev signed for FC Irtysh Pavlodar.
On 24 August 2016, FC Astana announced that they had signed Murtazayev to a three-year contract, from the end of the 2016 season. Murtazayev left Astana at the end of his contract on 25 December 2019.
On 7 February 2020, FC Tobol announced the signing of Murtazayev on a one-year contract.
On 23 February 2021, Murtazayev returned to FC Astana. On 16 July 2021, Murtazayev left Astana by mutual consent. After leaving Astana Murtazayev signed a one-year contract, with the option of an additional year, with Baltika Kaliningrad on 28 July 2021. On 1 December 2021, his contract with Baltika was terminated by mutual consent.
On 11 January 2022, Murtazayev re-signed for Shakhter Karagandy.
Career statistics
Club
International
Statistics accurate as of match played 24 March 2022
International goals
Scores and results list Kazakhstan's goal tally first.
References
External links
Living people
1993 births
Kazakhstani footballers
Association football forwards
Kazakhstan international footballers
Kazakhstan Premier League players
FC Shakhter Karagandy players
FC Irtysh Pavlodar players
FC Astana players
FC Baltika Kaliningrad players
Russian First League players
Sportspeople from Karaganda
Kazakhstani expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Kazakhstani expatriate sportspeople in Russia
See Thru Broadcasting is a record label that was the brainchild of record producer D. Sardy. For two years, new bands were jettisoned onto the college music charts and into Mom and Pop record stores. The web site was central to See Thru's identity, which Zurkow art directed. All album art and ancillary packaging was designed by Nancy Nowacek and Zurkow.
Bands
Enon
Gwen Mars
Mike G
Starlight Mints
See also
List of record labels
External links
See Thru Broadcasting
American record labels
Alternative rock record labels
Antonio Carrillo de Peralta y de Velasco, II Marquis of Falces, deceased in 1545, Marcilla, Navarra, Spain, was the son of Navarrese Conetable of the kingdom of Navarre Alonso Carrillo - Acuña y de Peralta, 1st Marquis of Falces, 2nd Count Consort of Santisteban de Lerín, Sieur Consort of Peralta, Falces, Carcer, and other Navarrese places, deceased and buried at Marcilla, Navarre, in 1534.
His grandfather, the Count of Agosta, Sicily, Troylos Carrillo de Acuña, had married, through the influences of his father, 22 November 1467, Navarrese lady Juana de Peralta y de Brabante. Grandmother Juana de Peralta y de Brabante, was the daughter of the 1st Count of Santisteban de Lerin, Navarre, influential Mossen Pierres de Peralta II who had married, 27 November 1440, in the Navarrese Royal Palace of Olite Flemish Princess, Anne de Brabante. Ambitious Troylos Carrillo was however a "son of the sin", mother unknown, of powerful and politically troublesome Archbishop of Toledo, between 1446 and 1482, Alfonso Carrillo de Acuña, of Portuguese and Castilian ancestors, the great grandfather of this II Marquis of Falces.
The II Marquis of Falces mother was famous Ana de Velasco y de Padilla, who after receiving in 1516, while alone in her castle of Marcilla, the visit of Hernando del Villar, in charge by Regent of Spain, the Catholic Church Cardinal Francisco Jiménez de Cisneros, O.F.M. (in his lifetime, known as Ximénes de Cisneros), (1436 – November 8, 1517) of demolishing the Navarrese castles resisting the Artillery of the time, 1512, when Upper Navarre was "incorporated" to what is now Spain by King of Aragon, Sicily, Catalunya and Navarre, Ferdinand II of Aragon, was ransomed by her hidden soldiers after a copious dinner and told to leave, immediately, in a haughty and clear manner, her town and her castle.
She was a niece of Pedro Fernández de Velasco y Manrique de Lara, 6th Conetable de Castile, circa 1472, 2nd Count of Haro, (born circa 1425 - Conquest of Granada, 1492).
Antonio Carrillo de Oeralta y de Velasco, (+1545), married Ana del Bosquete, from Lower Navarre, now in France, being father and mother, between others, named Ana, Pedro, Juan, Gabriel, Antonio and Leonor, of Viceroy of Mexico, 1566 - 1568, Gastón de Peralta, marqués de Falces, (1510 - 1595).
Further reading
https://web.archive.org/web/20081014050310/http://www.telefonica.net/web2/marcillaot/pierres.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20090207061913/http://www.monumentalnet.org/comunidad_foral_de_navarra/navarra/info.php?cat=all
:es:Marcilla
http://www.castillodemarcilla.com/
Falces
1545 deaths
Counts of Spain
People from Navarre
Year of birth unknown
Dereliction of Duty: Lyndon Johnson, Robert McNamara, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Lies That Led to Vietnam is a 1997 book written by H. R. McMaster, at the time a major in the United States Army (he subsequently became National Security Advisor in 2017 after having risen in rank to lieutenant general). The book presents a case indicting former U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson and his principal civilian and military advisers for losing the Vietnam War. The book was based on McMaster's Ph.D. thesis at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Author
Herbert Raymond McMaster, a United States Military Academy graduate and University of North Carolina Ph.D. who was an armored cavalry commander in the Persian Gulf War, authored the book over the course of five years of research and writing. McMaster claims that his principal motivations for authoring Dereliction of Duty came from his experience reading the accounts of Vietnam War soldiers while studying as a West Point cadet and his experience as a field commander in Operation Desert Storm.
McMaster would later rise to the rank of lieutenant general and serve in the Iraq War and the War in Afghanistan before being appointed to the position of National Security Adviser by President Donald Trump in February 2017.
Blame for leaders
McMaster blamed leaders in Washington for losing the Vietnam War, writing:
The war in Vietnam was not lost in the field, nor was it lost on the front pages of The New York Times, or on the college campuses. It was lost in Washington, D.C., even before Americans assumed sole responsibility for the fighting in 1965 and before they realized the country was at war. ... [It was] a uniquely human failure, the responsibility for which was shared by President Johnson and his principal military and civilian advisors.
Other themes
The book examines the failure of Robert McNamara and U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson's staff, alongside the military and particularly the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to provide a successful plan of action to pacify either a Viet Cong insurgency or decisively defeat the North Vietnamese Army. McMaster details why military actions intended to indicate "resolve" or to "communicate" ultimately failed when trying to accomplish sparsely detailed, confusing, and conflicting military objectives. In his opinion, the military is to be used appropriately in order to meet objective military targets and goals.
Reviews
Unusual for an active-duty officer, McMaster scolded the U.S. government for its "arrogance, weakness, lying in pursuit of self-interest [and] abdication of responsibility to the American people."
Retired Brigadier General Douglas Kinnard said that the book is built around examining and interpreting four key Washington decisions that were of major influence on the American involvement in Indochina:
the August 1964 Gulf of Tonkin Resolution
the February 1965 decision to conduct air strikes against North Vietnam
the March 1965 decision to introduce American ground troops into South Vietnam
the July 1965 decisions to introduce substantial American forces while not mobilizing reserve forces
A review in The New York Times by military historian Ronald H. Spector praised many aspects of the book, but criticized the author's emphasis on the shortcomings of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the outcome of the war, as opposed to the strengths of North Vietnamese military strategy and tactics. Spector also notes that McMaster, like earlier authors, presented a picture of Lyndon B. Johnson as a President chiefly concerned about keeping Vietnam from becoming a political issue, and with his portrayal of Johnson's advisers as men possessing a distinctive combination of arrogance, deviousness and disdain for expertise different from their own.
Influence
In a CNN report on Iraq in October 2006, the influence of the book in military circles is noted:
General Pace said he and the other Joint Chiefs were debriefing commanders just back from the front lines, including one colonel recognized as a rising star and creative thinker—Col H.R. McMaster, the author of 1997 book Dereliction of Duty, considered the seminal work on military's responsibility during Vietnam to confront their civilian bosses when strategy was not working.
References
External links
Dereliction of Duty: Johnson, McNamara, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Lies That Led to Vietnam, searchable at Google Books
Book reviews by three contributors of 'Dereliction of Duty' by H. R. McMaster, 1997. From Parameters, Autumn 1997, pp. 162-81.
1997 non-fiction books
Books about Lyndon B. Johnson
HarperCollins books
History books about the United States
Vietnam War books
Port of Pevek (port code RU PWE, ) is a seaport situated on the northern coast of microdistrict Kosa, Pevek, Russia, located in southeastern area of Pevek Strait (Chaun Bay). It is the most northern seaport of Russia.
See also
Transport in Russia
References
External links
Pevek
Transport in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug
Pevek
ToBoS-FP is a floating point compiler for the Sinclair BASIC on ZX Spectrum. The name stands for Toruń, Jerzy Borkowski, Wojciech Skaba, Floating Point. The compiler was released in Poland in 1986.
Source code compilation enables substantial (20+) speed up of execution of programs that are normally interpreted. The acceleration results mostly from the utilization of compiler's own floating point arithmetic library and graphics library that replace the ZX Spectrum built-in routines. In a 1992 independent survey, ToBoS-FP was named the most popular of all known BASIC compilers for the ZX Spectrum. It is still referred to as one of the best BASIC compiler for ZX Spectrum.
Background
ZX Spectrum is factory equipped with a Sinclair BASIC editor and interpreter that enables immediate program execution without a compilation pass and not consuming memory for the compiled code. This comes, however, at the price of execution speed. A number of integers and floating point compilers have been released since (e.g.: HiSoft Basic , HiSoft Colt , Softek IS/FP , MCoder , ZIP Compiler , Boriel ZX Basic , Blast ). Unfortunately, the Sinclair BASIC enables programming constructs that are hard or even impossible to be compiled (e.g.: GO TO line number which is an expression calculated at runtime). Thus compatibility between the interpreter and a compiler is an issue.
Development
The compiler was written in Z80 assembler. There are two main sources of compiled code execution acceleration:
Conversion of the source code into direct threaded code that frees the processor from [repeatedly] translating the BASIC instructions into program calls
Application of compiler's own time critical subroutine calls, especially those dealing with floating point arithmetic and graphics functions
In order to achieve a substantial speed up, a shorter floating point number format has been applied, one that is close to single precision IEEE 754-1985, consisting of 1-byte exponent and 3-byte fraction (effectively 7 decimal digits precision). The original Sinclair BASIC utilizes 1-byte exponent and 4-byte fraction. All floating point arithmetic routines have been rewritten, including basic operations like addition, multiplication, division and functions like square root, logarithm, exponent. A unique algorithm has been developed for the calculation of trigonometric functions. Line drawing, circle drawing and other graphics functions have also been written.
Releases
The most popular version of ToBoS-FP (ver. 2.0) was released on a compact cassette in May 1986 in Poland. After loading to the memory, the compiler could be invoked with USR 53100. Earlier non-stable versions, assigned 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, and invoked with USR 53500, were available in limited extent.
In June 1987 an improved version named ToBoS-DYD (Tadeusz Golonka co-authored) was released. It was distributed on a 5 1⁄4-inch floppy disk and adapted for the Elwro 800 Junior clone of ZX Spectrum. Compared to ver. 2.0, some functions were further optimized and Elwro 800 Junior extensions added.
Reception
Though some 2000 copies of ToBoS-FP have been sold in Poland, it spread worldwide mostly free of charge. As being released when general interest in ZX Spectrum started to decline, it came too late for the market. ToBoS-FP gained most of its popularity in Poland and other East European countries, where ZX Spectrum and its clones were in common use until the mid 1990s. Its ability to expedite games written in Sinclar BASIC was especially appreciated.
References
External links
ToBoS-FP on World of Spectrum
ToBoS-FP on Speccy
BASIC compilers
ZX Spectrum
Leonard Apt (June 28, 1922 – February 1, 2013) was an American pediatrician and ophthalmologist. He was one of the first U.S. physicians to complete a fellowship in pediatric ophthalmology. Apt identified that povidone-iodine could be safety used as an antimicrobial for the eyes. In addition to his work in ophthalmology, Apt devised a number of diagnostic tests. The Apt test is performed on blood in a baby's stools to determine whether it is of maternal or fetal origin.
Biography
Apt was born in Philadelphia. He started college at the University of Pennsylvania when he was 14. After graduating from Penn, he earned a medical degree from Jefferson Medical College in 1945. After residency training at Harvard University and the University of Cincinnati, he became the first pediatric ophthalmology fellow at the National Institutes of Health.
Associated with the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA from 1961 to his death, Apt established the pediatric ophthalmology division there, the first such division at a U.S. medical school. He was a co-founder of the Jules Stein Eye Institute at UCLA. Apt and a colleague, Sherwin Isenberg, examined the practice of instilling silver nitrate or antibiotics in the eye before an eye surgery. They found that such techniques increased the risk of infection. Apt proposed the use of povidone-iodine to treat or prevent eye infections. A 1990s study in Kenya established the solution as effective. The low cost of povidone-iodine provided another advantage for its use, especially in the developing world.
Early in Apt's career, eye surgeons commonly used sutures that were made of catgut or collagen materials. Some children experienced allergic reactions to these substances, sometimes leading to severe visual problems. Apt studied the problem and determined that a suture could first be placed in a child's forearm to observe for reactions. The AAP Section on Ophthalmology established the Leonard Apt, MD, Lectureship, which is delivered every two years at the meeting of the American Association for Pediatric Ophthalmology and Strabismus by a nationally known expert in a field related to pediatric ophthalmology.
Many of Apt's innovations were outside of pediatric ophthalmology. He was one of the early physicians to adopt the use of plastic tubing and containers in blood transfusions. Such transfusions had usually been given with glass or metal equipment. He was the first to report on a case of an immune system disorder known as agammaglobulinemia. The Apt test is performed when a newborn passes blood into the stool; it differentiates between swallowed maternal blood and blood originating from the newborn. Swallowing of maternal blood can occur at delivery, while infant gastrointestinal bleeding may account for blood coming from the baby.
In February 2013, Apt died of a brief heart-related illness in Santa Monica, California.
References
1922 births
2013 deaths
American pediatricians
American ophthalmologists
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Jefferson Medical College alumni
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA faculty
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir, Turkey, from August 22–31, 2014. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
The event had many fewer participants than the previous edition, although three more nations took part than did previously.
Events
The following events took place:
Men
Results
Men
M35
M40
M45
M50
M55
M60
M65
M70
M75
M80
M85
M90
Women
W35
W40
W45
W50
W55
W60
W65
W70
W75
W80
W85
W90
References
European Masters Athletics Championships
Sports competitions in Izmir
2010s in İzmir
Massafra is a railway station in Massafra, Italy. The station is located on the Bari–Taranto railway. The train services are operated by Trenitalia.
Train services
The station is served by the following service(s):
Local services (Treno regionale) Bari - Gioia del Colle - Taranto
References
Railway stations in Apulia
Buildings and structures in the Province of Taranto
The Perdigueiro Galego is a rare breed of pointer from the autonomous community of Galicia in north-western Spain. It is one of four traditional breeds of the region, the others being the Can de Palleiro, the Guicho or Quisquelo, and the Podengo Galego.
History
The Perdigueiro Galego, along with a number of regional pointers such as the Old Spanish Pointer, the Portuguese Pointer, the Pachón Navarro, the Braque Français, descends from dogs of Bracco Italiano type imported into north-western Iberia and south-western France several centuries ago, all developing into distinct types according to the preferences and requirements of local sportsmen.
The Perdigueiro Galego was most commonly found in the municipalities of A Mezquita, Viana do Bolo, Riós, Laza and A Veiga in the Galician Province of Ourense. From the 1970s onward, foreign breeds of pointer became available to Spanish hunters and numbers of the Perdigueiro Galego went into decline; this was compounded by a decline in partridge numbers throughout the Galician Massif. To prevent the extinction of the breed, the best specimens still available were located and recorded, particularly from the provinces of Ourense and Lugo. In 2001, a breed studbook was established to record pedigrees; it is managed by the .
Description
The Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically larger than bitches. The breed has a short dense coat, which may be spotted or mottled bicoloured or tricoloured with any of chestnut, orange, cinnamon and black on white; solid brown, yellow or black examples are also found.
Use
The breed is a versatile pointing breed in that it is used to hunt, point and retrieve game once shot by the hunter. The Perdigueiro Galego is used predominantly to hunt game birds, in particular partridge, quail and woodcock, although it is also used to hunt small ground game such as hare and rabbit.
See also
Dogs portal
List of dog breeds
References
Gundogs
Pointers
Dog breeds originating in Galicia (Spain)
UBY is a large-scale lexical-semantic resource for natural language processing (NLP) developed at the Ubiquitous Knowledge Processing Lab (UKP) in the department of Computer Science of the Technische Universität Darmstadt .
UBY is based on the ISO standard Lexical Markup Framework (LMF) and combines information from several expert-constructed and collaboratively constructed resources for English and German.
UBY applies a word sense alignment approach (subfield of word sense disambiguation) for combining information about nouns and verbs.
Currently, UBY contains 12 integrated resources in English and German.
Included resources
English resources: WordNet, Wiktionary, Wikipedia, FrameNet, VerbNet, OmegaWiki
German resources: German Wikipedia, German Wiktionary, OntoWiktionary, GermaNet and IMSLex-Subcat
Multilingual resources: OmegaWiki.
Format
UBY-LMF is a format for standardizing lexical resources for Natural Language Processing (NLP). UBY-LMF
conforms to the ISO standard for lexicons: LMF, designed within the ISO-TC37, and constitutes a so-called serialization of this abstract standard. In accordance with the LMF, all attributes and other linguistic terms introduced in UBY-LMF refer to standardized descriptions of their meaning in ISOCat.
Availability and versions
UBY is available as part of the open resource repository DKPro. DKPro UBY is a Java framework for creating and accessing sense-linked lexical resources in accordance with the UBY-LMF lexicon model. While the code of UBY is licensed under a mix of free licenses such as GPL and CC by SA, some of the included resources are under different licenses such as academic use only.
There is also a Semantic Web version of UBY called lemonUby. lemonUby is based on the lemon model as proposed in the Monnet project. lemon is a model for modeling lexicon and machine-readable dictionaries and linked to the Semantic Web and the Linked Data cloud.
UBY vs. BabelNet
BabelNet is an automatically lexical semantic resource that links Wikipedia to the most popular computational lexicons such as WordNet. At first glance, UBY and BabelNet seem to be identical and competitive projects; however, the two resources follow different philosophies.
In its early stage, BabelNet was primarily based on the alignment of WordNet and Wikipedia, which by the very nature of Wikipedia implied a strong focus on nouns, and especially named entities. Later on, the focus of BabelNet was shifted more towards other parts of speech. UBY, however, was focused from the very beginning on verb information, especially, syntactic information, which is contained in resources, such as VerbNet or FrameNet.
Another main difference is that UBY models other resources completely and independently from each other, so that UBY can be used as wholesale replacement of each of the contained resources. Collective access to multiple resources is provided through the available resource alignments. Moreover, the LMF model in UBY allows unified way of access for all as well as individual resources. Meanwhile, BabelNet follow an approach similar to WordNet and bakes selected information types into so-called Babel Synsets. This makes access and processing of the knowledge more convenient, however, it blurs the lines between the linked knowledge bases. Additionally, BabelNet enriches the original resources, e.g., by providing automatically created translations for concepts which are not lexicalized in a particular language. Although this provides a great boost of coverage for multilingual applications, the automatic inference of information is always prone to a certain degree of error.
In summary, due to the listed differences between the two resources, the usage of one or the other might be preferred depending on the particular application scenario. In fact, the two resources can be used to provide extensive lexicographic knowledge, especially, if they are linked together. The open and well-documented structure of the two resource provide a crucial milestone to achieve this goal.
Applications
UBY has been successfully used in different NLP tasks such as Word Sense Disambiguation, Word Sense Clustering, Verb Sense Labeling and Text Classification. UBY also inspired other projects on automatic construction of lexical semantic resources. Furthermore, lemonUby was used to improve machine translation results, especially, finding translations for unknown words.
See also
BabelNet
EuroWordNet
Wiktionary
External links
UBY website
UBY Browser
DKPro UBY project on Github
lemonUBY
References
Natural language processing software
Free software
Brandon House was a Hudson's Bay Company post or posts from 1793 to 1824. It was located at several places on the Assiniboine River between Brandon, Manitoba and the mouth of the Souris River about 21 miles southeast of Brandon. Because of its location near the Souris River it was a center for trade with the Mandans in North Dakota. It was moved four times and there were related forts nearby, so its history is necessarily complex. For background see Assiniboine River fur trade.
Around 1750, a French missionary lived in the area. Before 1793 there were ill-documented independent traders in the area and perhaps in 1793 a small post was established two miles upstream from the Souris by Ronald Cameron, a clerk to Peter Grant.
History
In the period 1793 to 1811, the North West Company was then first to arrive followed very shortly by the Hudson's Bay Company. The XY Company had a post from 1798 to 1804.
In 1793, Cuthbert Grant Sr. and John MacDonnell of the North West Company established the first Fort Assiniboine (not to be confused with Fort Assiniboine on the Athabasca River). From the first year they traded in buffalo robes with the Mandan villages on the upper Missouri. In 1797, David Thompson (explorer) passed through on his way to determine the latitude and longitude of the Mandan villages. In 1804, when the NWC absorbed the XY Company, Fort Assiniboine was moved across the river to the site of Fort La Souris#1. In 1806, Alexander Henry the younger passed through. The man in charge was François-Antoine Larocque who later reached the Yellowstone River. In 1807, the fort was torn down and its parts rafted downstream to Fort des Épinettes.
In 1793, Donald McKay le malin and John Sutherland of the Hudson's Bay company established Brandon House about 100 yards away from the new NWC post. It was supplied from Fort Albany, Ontario on James Bay. McKay lived up to his nickname by shooting at Joseph Augé who ran the NWC post. From 1795, they traded with the Mandans. There were usually two trips per year, in October and January. Using dog sleds or horses, they followed the Souris River as far as Minot, North Dakota and then headed southwest across the prairie. The Assiniboines sometimes tried to block the trade and a few traders were killed. In 1796 John Evans (explorer) reached the Mandan country from near Saint Louis. Brandon House seems to be the first HBC post to hear of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. In 1809, Manuel Lisa's group arrived on the upper Missouri and in 1812 the trade was abandoned to the Americans. In 1806 to 1807, there were 53 men at the post. In 1807, part of the saga of Isobel Gunn may have taken place here.
In 1798, the XY Company built Fort La Souris on the opposite (south) bank of the river. In 1804 the NWC absorbed the XY Company and Fort Assiniboine was moved to the Fort La Souris site. In 1801 the NWC built a small post about half a mile upstream.
The HBC established this one in May 1811 on the south side of the river six miles above the mouth of the Souris. Peter Fidler (explorer) was in charge from 1811/1812 to 1819. In May 1816, during the so-called Pemmican War, Cuthbert Grant and his men seized a load of pemmican coming down from Fort Qu'Appelle, Saskatchewan and then plundered Brandon House and took their loot across the river to Fort La Souris. The following year the fort was almost completely destroyed by fire, but Peter Fidler began rebuilding it in 1817. By 1821, there was a cart trail north of the river that was used in preference to canoes. When the two companies merged in 1821 Brandon House was moved across the river to Fort La Souris. In 1824, it was closed as part of George Simpson's attempt to consolidate posts.
In 1811, the NWC closed Fort des Épinettes and built a second Fort La Souris 200 yards from Brandon House#2. In June 1814, during the so-called Pemmican Wars, Miles Macdonell sent a group of men from the Red River Colony and seized some thirty tons of pemmican and other food at Fort La Souris. Some was taken to Brandon House but most was sent downriver to the River settlements. In 1821, the two companies merged and Brandon House was moved to the Fort La Souris site.
Brandon House was re-established in 1828 to prevent the Indians from taking their trade to Pembina, North Dakota. The site was 12 miles upriver due to the lack of trees for building at the old site. It was closed when the area became trapped out and because of fear of attack by the Gros Ventres. Fort Ellice replaced it.
Locations
A man named Barkley from the United States had a post between the first two locations at an unknown date The exact locations of these posts do not seem to have been determined. The first Brandon House was on the north bank of the Assiniboine about two miles above the mouth of the Souris River on the Yellow Quill Trail to Portage la Prairie opposite something called "Five Mile Creek". Kavanagh has this at , the XY post at the edge of the woods below the mouth, one post across the river in an obvious clearing and another to the north of the creek in a plowed field. The second Brandon House was six miles upriver from the Souris on the west bank and the NWC post on a high bank across the river. Kavanagh has this as , but he also puts the first Brandon House on the east bank at this location which was probably the NWC post. The third location is about 15 km northeast of the first, probably near the cairn erected in 1928 at .
Sources
Elizebeth Browne Losey,"Let Them be Remembered: The Story of the Fur Trade Forts,1999, page 200-210
Martin Kavanagh,"The Assiniboine Basin",1946
Mandan trade in Lewis&Clark Journals website:
Mandan trade in North Dakota Studies website:
Sack of Fort Brandon:
Isobel Gunn in Orkneyar website:
1928 cairn and map:
Location problem in Manitoba Historical Society website:
References
Hudson's Bay Company trading posts
North West Company forts
Economy of Manitoba
George Calhern (born May 9, 1951) is a sprinter who represents the United States Virgin Islands. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1951 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
United States Virgin Islands male sprinters
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States Virgin Islands
Place of birth missing (living people)
Neville James "Tim" Coleman (29 January 1930 – 1 January 1981) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Crewe Alexandra and Stoke City. He holds the record for most goals scored in a match by a Stoke City player (7).
Career
Coleman was born in Prescot and joined Stoke City in 1953 as an amateur from Gorleston, Norfolk where he was completing his National Service at the local RAF base. Stoke helped Coleman secure his released from the services in January 1954 although rules meant he could not turn professional for a year. Despite initially being signed as a centre-forward to partner Frank Bowyer, manager Frank Taylor saw him as a right winger witch saw Coleman drop into the reserves to learn his new position. However a career ending injury to John Malkin in October 1956 handed Coleman his chance in the first team. He quickly became a key member of the Stoke team although an often frustrating one becoming notoriously inconstant. Whilst he lacked pace he was very difficult to dispossess.
In the 1956–57 season Coleman hit a rich vain of form in-front of goal scoring 27 goals, including a hat-trick against Middlesbrough. On 23 February 1957 Stoke played Lincoln City at the Victoria Ground and Stoke won the match 8–0 with Coleman scoring a club record seven goals. Although he failed to find the net again thereafter. Coleman scored 14 goals in 37 games in 1957–58 before Taylor decided to sell Coleman to Crewe Alexandra in February 1959 for £1,000. He later worked for Rolls-Royce before emigrating to Australia.
Career statistics
External links
References
English footballers
Stoke City F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
English Football League players
1930 births
1981 deaths
Gorleston F.C. players
Association football forwards
Lillias Robertson (20 July 1882 – 13 March 1976) was a British archer. She competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Robertson competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. She took 13th place in the event with 500 points.
References
External links
1882 births
1976 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
The 2013–14 season was West Ham Uniteds second campaign in the Premier League since being promoted in the 2011–12 season. It was West Ham's 18th Premier League campaign overall.
As well as competing in the Premier League, West Ham took part in the FA Cup and the League Cup, entering at the third and second rounds respectively. They were eliminated in the third round of the FA Cup following a 5–0 away defeat by Nottingham Forest. They reached the semi-finals of the League Cup before losing 9–0 on aggregate to Manchester City. West Ham finished in 13th place in the league.
Sam Allardyce took charge of his third full season as West Ham manager. Kevin Nolan captained West Ham for the third season running.
Season summary
21 May 2013: West Ham announced the signing of Romania captain, left back Răzvan Raț, making him the first signing in this transfer window.
21 May 2013: West Ham and Liverpool agree on a £15 million deal to bring Andy Carroll to Upton Park, with the striker yet to agree personal terms.
22 May 2013: The Club announced that experienced striker Carlton Cole would not be offered a new contract. He was released together with young professionals Eoin Wearen, Jake Larkins, Jack Powell and Declan Hunt. Scholars Cheye Alexander, Nigel Seidu and Josh Siafa were also released.
5 June 2013: West Ham announced the signing of Real Betis goalkeeper Adrián.
18 June 2013: West Ham target Andy Carroll passes a medical ahead of a move to the club. Co-Chairman David Gold tweeted that Carroll had passed the medical "with flying colours". Carroll signed the following day on a six-year contract for a fee of £15 million.
19 June 2013: West Ham announced the permanent signing of Andy Carroll from Liverpool, for an undisclosed, club record fee.
20 June 2013: The club announced the signing of Stockport County youngster Danny Whitehead.
1 July 2013: Winger Robert Hall left the club to become a player at Bolton Wanderers.
13 August 2013: West Ham announced the signing of Liverpool winger Stewart Downing.
17 August 2013: West Ham open their season with a 2–0 home win against newly promoted Cardiff City. On target were Joe Cole and captain Kevin Nolan. New signing Stewart Downing makes his debut, coming on as a substitute in the second half.
24 August 2013: Stewart Downing starts for the first time as West Ham share the spoils with Newcastle in a 0–0 draw at St James' Park.
27 August 2013: Ravel Morrison scores his first competitive goal for the club as West Ham beat League Two opposition Cheltenham Town in the League Cup second round.
27 August 2013: French midfielder Alou Diarra suffers a serious knee ligament injury and is likely to miss the rest of the season.
31 August 2013: West Ham lose their first game of the season at home to Stoke City, 1–0. Elliot Lee makes his Premier League debut for the club.
5 September 2013: West Ham win the Ciutat de Barcelona Trophy in Barcelona. Mark Noble scores the only goal, a penalty, against Espanyol.
9 September 2013: West Ham announce that striker Andy Carroll has suffered a new injury during his return to full training, and will be out of action for longer than was expected.
10 September: The Hammers confirm the signing of Croatian forward Mladen Petrić on a free transfer.
15 September: A 0–0 draw to Southampton sees West Ham remain unbeaten away from home so far this season. Ravel Morrison makes his first Premier League start for the club.
19 September 2013: Leyton Orient fail in their bid to win a judicial review into the decision to grant West Ham the tenancy of the Olympic Stadium.
21 September 2013: Mark Noble, having scored a penalty for West Ham to put them 2–1 ahead against Everton, becomes their first player to be dismissed this season after a second booking. Everton won 3–2 with late goals from Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku. Ravel Morrison scored his first Premier League goal for the club in the same game. The defeat leaves the Hammers without a win since the opening day of the season.
24 September 2013: West Ham defeat Cardiff City 3–2 in the League Cup fourth round. After going ahead 2–0 from goals from Ravel Morrison and Matt Jarvis, Cardiff fought back to level at 2–2. A Ricardo Vaz Tê header late into the game proved to be decisive and sent West Ham into the next round, where they will face Burnley.
28 September 2013: A 1–0 loss to newly promoted Hull City saw West Ham's run without a win stretch to five games. This was the club's first away defeat of the season and left them just one point above the relegation zone.
6 October 2013: West Ham win their first away game of the season with a 0–3 victory against Tottenham Hotspur. This was their first win at White Hart Lane since 1999.
14 October 2013: The club announce the re-signing of previously released striker Carlton Cole. The 30-year-old signed a three-month contract with a view to extend it in the future.
19 October 2013: West Ham suffer a third-straight home defeat at the hands of Manchester City. An acrobatic Ricardo Vaz Tê effort halved the deficit to 2–1, but David Silva finished late on to secure the three points for City.
27 October 2013: A 0–0 draw away to Swansea City saw West Ham pick up their sixth away point of the season. Carlton Cole came on as a second-half substitute in his first appearance since re-joining the club.
29 October 2013: The Hammers advanced to the fifth round of the League Cup for the first time in three years by beating Championship leaders Burnley 2–0 at Turf Moor.
2 November 2013: West Ham gain a point from a 0–0 draw against Aston Villa. The result saw them pick up their first point at home since the opening day's win against Cardiff City.
9 November 2013: A 3–1 defeat away to Norwich City left the club one point above the relegation zone. Ravel Morrison scored the only goal for West Ham.
23 November 2013: West Ham are defeated at home by London rivals Chelsea, 0–3. Former player Frank Lampard scores two with Oscar adding the third.
30 November 2013: Carlton Cole scores his first goal since his return to the club in a 3–0 home win against Fulham.
3 December 2013: A midweek trip to Selhurst Park sees the Hammers lose 1–0. Crystal Palace player and former West Ham striker Marouane Chamakh gets the only goal.
7 December 2013: West Ham are defeated 4–1 by Liverpool at Anfield. Three own goals are scored, including two by Joey O'Brien and Guy Demel; Martin Škrtel was at fault for the other. Kevin Nolan saw straight red and picked up a three-match ban.
14 December 2013: A bottom of the table clash between Sunderland and West Ham ends 0–0 at Upton Park.
18 December 2013: West Ham defeat Tottenham for the second time at White Hart Lane this season, this time in the League Cup quarter-finals. Late goals from Matt Jarvis and Modibo Maïga secured a 1–2 win and sent the Hammers into the semi-finals to set up a two-legged tie against Manchester City.
21 December 2013: Carlton Cole scores his 50th league goal for West Ham in a 3–1 defeat by Manchester Utd at Old Trafford.
26 December 2013: West Ham lose to Arsenal 1–3 placing them in 19th place and in the relegation zone.
28 December 2013: West Ham draw 3–3 with West Bromwich Albion at Upton Park. Also in the news was the release of Croatian forward Mladen Petrić by the club. He had been at the club three months.
1 January 2014: Fulham defeat West Ham 2–1 at Craven Cottage in a match that sees Kevin Nolan sent off for the second time in a month, banning him for four matches.
5 January 2014: West Ham are knocked out from the FA Cup after losing 5–0 to Nottingham Forest.
8 January 2014: West Ham suffer a second heavy defeat in a row in losing 6–0 to Manchester City in the semi-final of the Capital One Cup. This was their heaviest defeat of the season and Sam Allardyce's heaviest defeat as West Ham manager.
11 January 2014: West Ham win their first game of 2014 with a 0–2 away victory to Cardiff City. Carlton Cole got the first with Mark Noble adding a second deep into injury time. Andy Carroll provided the assist for Noble's goal in his first appearance for the club this season. James Tomkins was sent off for a second bookable offence and picked up a one-match ban.
21 January 2014: Manchester City win the second leg of the League Cup semi-final 0–3 to complete a record aggregate score for a semi-final, at 9–0.
25 January 2014: West Ham sign Italian duo Marco Borriello and Antonio Nocerino on loan until the end of the season.
29 January 2014: West Ham earn a point at Stamford Bridge against London rivals Chelsea in a 0–0 draw.
1 February 2014: Kevin Nolan scores twice with Andy Carroll setting up both goals in a 2–0 home win against Swansea City. Winston Reid makes his return from injury. Andy Carroll is sent off for violent conduct.
4 February 2014: The FA rejects West Ham's appeal against Andy Carroll's red card and his three-match ban is upheld.
8 February 2014: With no Andy Carroll, Kevin Nolan scores a brace for the second consecutive match, against Aston Villa, propelling West Ham out of the relegation zone.
11 February 2014: A 2–0 home win against Norwich City gives West Ham four consecutive clean sheets, the first time this has occurred since December 1985.
19 February 2014: Ravel Morrison is loaned to Queens Park Rangers for 93 days, meaning he will be eligible to play for them in the Championship playoff final if they reach it; the loan includes a clause allowing West Ham to recall him after 28 days.
22 February 2014: West Ham win their fourth-straight match, against Southampton, with goals from Matt Jarvis, Carlton Cole and Kevin Nolan. The win places West Ham into tenth in the Premier League table, their highest position since September.
1 March 2014: The club's winning run comes to an end after a late Romelu Lukaku goal secures all three points for Everton at Goodison Park.
8 March 2014: Andy Carroll scores his first goal of the season versus Stoke City, but it is not enough as West Ham lose 3–1.
14 March 2014: Manager Sam Allardyce is named Premier League Manager of the Month for February 2014, the fifth time he has won the award.
22 March 2014: Wayne Rooney scores a brace which sees the Hammers defeated 0–2 by Manchester United at Upton Park.
26 March 2014: A penalty and an own goal help West Ham see off Hull City 2–1 at Upton Park. Despite the win, the players were booed off at full-time.
31 March 2014: West Ham beat Sunderland 1–2 at the Stadium of Light thanks to goals from Andy Carroll and Mohamed Diamé. The win puts the club nine points clear of the relegation zone with six games left to play.
6 April 2014: Two Liverpool penalties see off West ham 1–2 at the Boleyn Ground.
15 April 2014: Despite taking a 1–0 lead through Matt Jarvis, West Ham are beaten 3–1 by Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium.
18 April 2014: West Ham youth team striker Dylan Tombides dies aged 20 from testicular cancer.
19 April 2014: A 0–1 defeat by Crystal Palace is the club's ninth home loss of the season.
26 April 2014: West Brom defeat West Ham 1–0 at The Hawthorns.
3 May 2014: West Ham beat Tottenham for the third time this season. A 2–0 home victory also sees Stewart Downing's first goal for West Ham and ensures West Ham a place in the 2014–15 Premier League.
6 May 2014: Mark Noble is crowned Hammer of the Year for 2013–14 whilst Ravel Morrison wins Goal of the Season for his solo effort against Tottenham in October 2013.
11 May 2014: West Ham are defeated in their final match 2–0 by Premier League champions Manchester City. The club finished 13th.
Final League table
Squad
Results
Pre-season
Guadiana Trophy
West Ham announced on July 31 that they would take part in the 2013 Guadiana Trophy. Also taking part were Primeira Liga sides Sporting CP and Braga. West Ham finished the two-day tournament in second, behind Braga.
Other matches
West Ham announced on 28 August that they would play a friendly game against Spanish Primera Division side Espanyol during the upcoming international break.
Premier League
Results by matchday
Football League Cup
FA Cup
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
|-
Overview
Goalscorers
League position by matchday
Transfers
Summer
In
Out
Winter
In
Out
References
External links
West Ham United FC Official Website
West Ham United
West Ham United F.C. seasons
West Ham United
West Ham United
Kurd von Schlözer (original name Conrad Nestor von Schlözer; 5 January 1822, in Lübeck, Free City of Lübeck – 13 May 1894, in Berlin, Germany) was an imperial German historian, diplomat and German Ambassador to the United States from 1871 to 1882.
Family
Schlözer was the son of Lübeck merchant, and Russian Consul-General Karl von Schlözer. Like his older brother Nestor of Schlözer, he also was named for the Russian saint Nestor of Kiev, the author of the Chronicle of Nestor, who had published his grandfather, the court counselor and professor August Ludwig Schlözer. Dorothea Schlözer was his aunt.
Kurd von Schlözer remained unmarried and childless.
Life
After visiting the Katharineum of Lübeck, and the study of oriental studies and history at Hanoverian Göttingen and Berlin, Schlözer moved first to Paris and worked as a publicist.
Through the mediation of Ernst Curtius and the Princess Augusta, he was accepted without the customary legal training, into the Prussian diplomatic service.
For several years he worked in the Foreign Ministry in Berlin, and wrote several historical treatises in addition to his work, Chasot including the Hanseatic League, the German-Russian history and a biography of the Count.
As an author, he is attributed to the group of young Lübeck reformers :de:Jung-Lübeck.
In 1857, he was sent to St. Petersburg as a second Secretary of Legation.
In 1863 he was in Copenhagen, and in 1864 was in Rome.
He was secretary of the Prussian ambassador at the Holy See, , and developed an extensive network of artists and church representatives.
In 1867, he was Chargé d'affaires in a difficult political situation, between the Papal States and the Kingdom of Italy.
Following a mission on behalf of the North German Confederation to Mexico that led to the conclusion of a commerce and navigation treaty, Schlözer was appointed in 1871 as the first charge d'affaires of the German Empire in Washington, D.C.
In letters and reports, he gave insights into the internal political situation of the United States. He maintained contact with German-American groups and individuals, including especially to Carl Schurz, and was universally liked.
In preparation for the resumption broken diplomatic relations between the Empire and the Holy See, he traveled to Rome in 1878 and 1881, and in 1882 was appointed as the Prussian envoy to Pope Leo XIII. In the preparation and implementation of the laws 1886/87, ending Kulturkampf, Schlözer experienced the peak of his diplomatic career.
A little later, after the dismissal of Bismarck, and probably at the instigation of Friedrich von Holstein, he retired in 1892.
Schlözer remained in Rome, and died shortly after his final return to Germany in Berlin in 1894. He was buried in the cemetery No. IV of the Jerusalem Church and New Church parishes on Bergmannstaße, where his tomb, designed by Bernhard Sehring today is maintained as a memorial grave of Berlin.
Works
Jugendbriefe. Stuttgart 1920
Petersburger Briefe. Stuttgart 1921
Römische Briefe. Stuttgart 1912
Mexikanische Briefe. Stuttgart 1913
Amerikanische Briefe. Stuttgart 1925
Letzte römische Briefe. Stuttgart 1924
References
External links
"Kurd von Schlözer", German wikipedia
"ADB:Schlözer, Kurd von", Wikisource
"Bismarck's Conception of a modus vivendi with Rome (December 19, 1882) ", GHDI
1822 births
1894 deaths
Writers from Lübeck
Ambassadors of Germany to the United States
19th-century German historians
19th-century German male writers
German male non-fiction writers
Colin McGrath MLA (born 21 October 1975) is an Irish Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) politician from Northern Ireland. He has been a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for South Down since the 2016 election.
Background
McGrath was born in the town of Downpatrick, County Down on 21 October 1975. He attended St Patrick's Primary School Saul, St Patrick's Grammar School and the East Down Institute (now part of South Eastern Regional College).
Following his completion of secondary education, McGrath attended the University of Ulster Jordanstown and graduated in 1998 in Community Youth Work. He then became a youth worker in Patrician Youth Centre, Downpatrick for 17 years.
Political career
McGrath was first elected to the Down District Council in 2005 as a councillor for the SDLP. He served as both chair and vice-chair, becoming the youngest ever chair of the local council. In 2014 he was elected to the newly formed Newry, Mourne & Down District Council.
He entered Assembly politics when he contested the 2016 Northern Ireland Assembly election, being elected with 5,110 first-preference votes alongside fellow SDLP candidate Sinéad Bradley. The third and incumbent SDLP candidate, Seán Rogers, was not elected and so lost his seat. He was re-elected in the 2017 snap NI Assembly election. During his time in the Assembly, McGrath served as a member of the Education Committee, Business Committee and Procedures Committee.
McGrath has highlighted rural issues, accessibility to local services such as the Downe Hospital and youth issues as his main priorities. He has criticised the eleven-plus transfer system, arguing that a level playing field is required and condemning the branding of 11-year-old children as "failures" if they fail to achieve high marks. He supports his party position that academic selection "brands a large portion of children as failures and puts an inordinate amount of pressure on them". He has however argued that the debate is about academic selection rather than a disapproval of Grammar schools.
He currently serves as chairman and Health Spokesperson for the SDLP.
References
Colin McGrath MLA | People | SDLP. www.sdlp.ie. Retrieved 18 February 2019.
MLA Details: Mr Colin McGrath. aims.niassembly.gov.uk. Retrieved 18 February 2019.
SDLP MLA Colin McGrath: 'When I was 10 my sister died. She was 16 and was gone within two days'. www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk. Retrieved 18 February 2019.
External links
Colin McGrath MLA, SDLP website.
Members of the NI Assembly, NI Assembly.
TheyWorkForYou Voting Record, TheyWorkForYou, TheyWorkForYou.
1975 births
Living people
Members of Down District Council
Social Democratic and Labour Party councillors
Social Democratic and Labour Party MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
Northern Ireland MLAs 2017–2022
Northern Ireland MLAs 2022–2027
Troppo Architects is an Australian architectural practice with the aim of promoting good tropical architecture in Australia's Top End. The practice was founded in 1980 in Darwin with the aid of a Northern Territory grant to examine the history of the region's architecture.
The practice has established offices in six Australian locations, (Darwin, Adelaide, Fremantle, Launceston, Sydney and Byron Bay), and has completed projects in Africa, Asia and the Pacific. "It has a reputation for spare intelligent architecture that has evolved out of the architects' feeling for tradition and landscape. Not least, their buildings are designed for the climate."
History
In the late 1970s, Phil Harris and Adrian Welke were two young Adelaide-raised Bachelor of Architecture students. In 1978, their final year of undergraduate study, they collaborated on the publication of "Influences in Regional Architecture", Australia's first history of architecture outside the urban arena.
Troppo Architects was founded in 1980 by Harris and Welke, whose early careers had taken them to Darwin. The practice commenced with the aid of an NT Government history grant to research (and eventually define and publicise) the History of Tropical Housing in Australia's Top End. The practice had a slow start, but gained momentum when they were successful in a Low-Cost House Competition organised by the City of Darwin, and they were engaged to build a prototype of their design. The prototype was economical to build, climatically comfortable to live in, easy to extend, and also uses little energy. In its first decade, the practice refined and extended its skill in addressing the architectural requirements of the "Top End", gaining a wide range of work, including with remote aboriginal communities. Their approach has been applied to projects in: the Kimberley, Perth, Esperance, and inland WA; Adelaide, coastal, rural and far-northern SA; Melbourne and Victoria; Alice Springs and the Centre; Townsville, and north and far north Queensland; and most recently, inland and north-coast NSW.
In 1987, the practice was selected by the Gagudju Community, administrators of the Kakadu National Park, to design some park facilities. Joining together with Glenn Murcutt, the collaboration was (to quote Murcutt) "highly productive". The work lead to international critical acclaim, and a number of important commissions. The practice spread out across Australia: Phil Harris opened an office in Adelaide in 1999, and Adrian Welke opened an office Perth, leaving the original office in the hands of Dan Connolly.
Since 2010, Troppo has been run by five partners spread out across Australia: Greg MacNamara (Darwin), Geoff Clark (Launceston), Terry O'toole (Queensland: Brisbane & Townsville), Phil Harris (Adelaide), Adrian Welke (Perth) and Dan Connolly (Byron Bay). They work with a team of around twenty people and regularly collaborate with well-known architects such as Danny Wong, Glenn Murcutt, Phil Tait & Shane Thompson.
Directors
Troppo's founding directors are Phil Harris (Adelaide) and Adrian Welke (Perth). Other directors are : Jo Best (Darwin); Cary Duffield (Adelaide); Greg Norman (Sydney); Geoff Clark (Launceston): Sue Harper (Byron Bay).
Former directors are Greg McNamara, Lena Yali, Richard Layton, Fiona Hogg and Terry O'toole
Selected projects
Awards
Troppo is nationally and internationally recognised, and is Australia's 3rd most awarded practice. A full list of the details of awards can be found on the practice's website.
In addition to those mentioned above, they include:
1992 Royal Australian Institute of Architects (RAIA) (NT) Tracy Memorial Award, - for Works in Kakadu for ANPWS
1992 RAIA Special Jury Award - for architecture in Northern Australia
1993 RAIA Robin Boyd Award - for Medium Density Precinct 2, Larrakeyah, for Defence Housing Australia (DHA)
2010 Global Award for Sustainable Architecture, Paris
2014 Australian Institute of Architects Gold Medal - awarded to Adrian Welke and Phil Harris
Summary of AIA/RAIA awards
Summary of non-AIA/RAIA awards
Adelaide Affordable Ecohousing Competition, winner, 2004
Arafura Medium Density Residential Design Competition, winner, 2006
Global Award for Sustainable Architecture, Paris, 2010
HIA (SA) Custom Built Homes Award, 2003
MBA Building Excellence Award, 2003
MBA National Environment and Energy Award, 2003
Metal Building Award, 1994-5 (National Award by BHP / Metal Building Products Manuf. Assoc. for Bowali Visitor Centre, Kakadu National Park)
Northern Rivers Urban Design Awards, Award for Excellence, 2008
Northern Rivers Urban Design Awards, Grand Winner, 2008
Tel Aviv University Visitor Centre & School of Environmental Studies, International competition winner, 2002
Thuringowa City Council's Climate Responsive Design Competition, winner, 2003
Timber Design Awards, SA, 2010
Tropical House Design Comp, Winner, Darwin, June 1990
References
Sources
Goad, Philip (1999/2005) Troppo Architects, Pesaro Publishing.
External links
Troppo Architects
Troppo
Companies based in Adelaide
In Canada, motor vehicle licence plates are issued by the transportation department in each province and territory. Since 2002, most provinces and territories have introduced special licence plates for veterans of the Canadian Armed Forces or other allied militaries. The only territory that does not have a veteran licence plate is Nunavut. Common design features of these veteran licence plate include the image of a red poppy or the word "veteran". Only veteran licence plates issued by the Northwest Territories do not have any of the features mentioned above.
Introduction dates
Ontario
In Ontario, the Ministry of Transportation issued 27,000 veteran licence plates since 2003. Veterans can order a special licence plate with the format "000 VET" for display or gift purposes.
Québec
As of the 4th of May 2009, Québec now offers a veteran motorcycle plate.
Alberta
In Alberta, 15,750 veteran licence plates have been issued since 2005.
Appearance
Eligibility
The licence plates are available to those who served as a member of Canadian Forces, the Commonwealth of Nations, or its wartime allies. People who served on North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) missions, peacekeeping missions as members of the Canadian Forces or United Nations forces, or the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) are also eligible. They need to provide a Canadian Forces Certificate of Service and a Canadian Forces Identification Card as proof of service. Those who have served three years (may still be serving) can also apply.
In British Columbia, veterans who operate trucks, vans, and motorcycle are also eligible to obtain a veteran licence plate in that province.
In New Brunswick, reservists who formerly served must provide acceptable documentation displaying at least 3 years of service for Canada to be eligible for Veteran status plates.
References
veteran
Veterans' affairs in Canada
The 2022 Judo Grand Prix Almada was held in Almada, Portugal, from 28 to 30 January 2022.
Event videos
The event will air freely on the IJF YouTube channel.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men's events
Women's events
Prize money
The sums written are per medalist, bringing the total prizes awarded to €98,000. (retrieved from:)
References
External links
2022 IJF World Tour
2022 Judo Grand Prix
Judo
Judo
Sport in Almada
Judo
Little Falls Branch, a tributary stream of the Potomac River, is located in Montgomery County, Maryland. In the 19th century, the stream was also called Powder Mill Branch. It drains portions of Bethesda, Somerset, Friendship Heights, and the District of Columbia, flows under the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal (C&O), and empties into the Potomac at Little Falls rapids, which marks the upper end of the tidal Potomac.
Course
The stream rises on the grounds of the Chevy Chase Country Club and flows through Chevy Chase to the Somerset neighborhood, where it crosses through Vinton Park and the Willard Avenue Park. After crossing under the Little Falls Parkway it joins Willett Branch and then flows through the Little Falls Stream Valley Park to Brookmont, the C&O Canal and into the Potomac River.
History
In the mid-19th century, the stream served as an interim water source for Washington, D.C. The Dalecarlia Reservoir was built on the D.C.-Maryland border next to Little Falls Branch. A dam was built on the stream, and water was diverted into the reservoir starting in 1859. In 1864, with the completion of the Washington Aqueduct, the Potomac River became the city's principal water source. However, muddy water from Little Falls Branch continued to flow into the reservoir, and a bypass pipe was built to channel the aqueduct water to another city reservoir, the Georgetown Reservoir. In 1895 construction was completed to fully divert the stream from the Dalecarlia Reservoir.
In the 1920s Montgomery County Government purchased the stream valley south of the confluence with Willett Branch and much of the Willett Branch stream valley south of Bradley Boulevard for the purpose of building a parkway. The Little Falls Parkway was eventually built from Glenbrook Road to Massachusetts Avenue, but plans to extend the parkway south to MacArthur Boulevard were dropped in 1970 and the southern section became Little Falls Stream Valley Park. In 1978, the National Capital Planning Commission approved the idea of a trail, which prompted neighbors to go to court with a protest. When the trail design was approved from Bradley Boulevard to Albemarle Street, the neighborhood group sued again. In 1980, after a contentious battle with neighbors in the Westmoreland Woods neighborhood, a sewer line was built through the Park and a bike trail added on top of it. The bike trail was originally planned to follow the Parkway to Bradley with a spur following Willett Branch to Hillandale Road and that road to a different point on Bradley, but the entire trail was never built. Instead the 3.5-mile Little Falls hiker-biker paved trail is on road on the Little Falls Parkway between Massachusetts and Dorset. North of Dorset it follows Willett Branch north to Hillandale and east to Norwood Drive. In Little Falls Stream Valley the trail is next to the Capital Crescent Trail.
Current conditions
Today Little Falls Branch flows through a highly urbanized area, and parts of the stream have been altered through construction of underground pipes, culverts and open concrete channels. The stream runs near the Dalecarlia drinking water treatment plant in Washington and occasionally has received overflow discharges from the plant.
According to a study conducted by the county government, the water quality of the stream and its tributaries is poor, due to water pollution from urban runoff, as well as the channelization described above. The county and the Town of Somerset have installed several stream restoration projects throughout the watershed.
Tributaries of Little Falls Branch
Dalecarlia Tributary
Little Falls Mall Tributary
Spring Valley Tributary
Willet Branch
See also
List of Maryland rivers
References
External links
Little Falls Watershed Alliance
Rivers of Montgomery County, Maryland
Tributaries of the Potomac River
Rivers of Maryland
In Greek mythology, the name Iphianeira (; Ancient Greek: ) may refer to two women, great-grandmother and great-granddaughter:
Iphianeira, daughter of Megapenthes and wife of Melampus, mother of Antiphates, Abas, Pronoe and Manto.
Iphianeira, granddaughter of the precedent's son Antiphates and Zeuxippe, daughter of Oicles and Hypermnestra, sister of Amphiaraus and Polyboea.
Notes
References
Diodorus Siculus, The Library of History translated by Charles Henry Oldfather. Twelve volumes. Loeb Classical Library. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press; London: William Heinemann, Ltd. 1989. Vol. 3. Books 4.59–8. Online version at Bill Thayer's Web Site
Diodorus Siculus, Bibliotheca Historica. Vol 1-2. Immanel Bekker. Ludwig Dindorf. Friedrich Vogel. in aedibus B. G. Teubneri. Leipzig. 1888-1890. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Women in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Mythology of Argos
Aleksandr Anatolyevich Petukhov (; born 11 January 1985) is a Kazakh professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper, most recently for FC Tobol.
Career
Born in Dzhezkazgan (now Jezkazgan), Petukhov began playing football with local side FC Atyrau. In 2003, he moved to Russia where he signed for FC Rubin Kazan. He played for Rubin's reserve and second teams from 2003 to 2006, including a brief stint as a left-back in 2004.
After returning from Russia, Petukhov joined Tobol where he has been the club's starting goalkeeper. He has appeared for the club in the UEFA Europa League qualifying rounds and was voted by the fans the club's best player in April 2010. He signed a one-year contract extension with Tobol in January 2014.
Petukhov has played for the Kazakhstan youth national team. He has been called up to the senior national team, but has never appeared in a competitive international.
Petukhov left FC Tobol in December 2016.
Club career statistics
Last update: 8 November 2010
Honours
with Tobol
Intertoto Cup Winner: 2007
Kazakhstan League Champion: 2010
Kazakhstan League Runner-up: 2007, 2008
Kazakhstan Cup Winner: 2007
References
External links
Profile at KLISF
Living people
1985 births
Kazakhstani people of Russian descent
Kazakhstani footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Kazakhstan Premier League players
FC Atyrau players
FC Tobol players
FC Rubin Kazan players
The Flight Design Boxtair is a German single-place paraglider that was designed by Michaël Hartmann and Stefan Müller and produced by Flight Design of Landsberied. It is now out of production.
Design and development
The Boxtair was designed as a beginner glider. Test flying was carried out by factory test pilot Richard Bergmann. The models are each named for their approximate wing area in square metres/relative size.
Variants
Boxtair S
Small-sized model for lighter pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 44 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.1:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1 certified.
Boxtair M
Mid-sized model for medium-weight pilots. Its span wing has 44 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.1:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1 certified.
Boxtair L
Large-sized model for heavier pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 44 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.1:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1 certified.
Specifications (Boxtair L)
References
Boxtair
Paragliders
Son Se-bin (, born May 27, 1989) is a South Korean actress.
Biography
Son debuted as an actress in the small screen under the name Lee Yoo-na in the 2004 SBS TV series . However, her official debut was in 2010 SBS TV series Three Sisters. She then appeared in minor roles in the TV series Coffee House, and the films You're My Pet and City in Blossom. In 2012, Son changed her name from Lee Yoo-na to Son Se-bin, and appeared on the film using her new name. Following her appearances in the two 2013 SBS TV series, Two Women's Room and One Well-Raised Daughter, which established her career as an actress, she signed a contract with Diorgol Entertainment in 2014.
In 2015, Son appeared in a Clarisonic television commercial.
In 2016, Son signed an exclusive modeling contract with YGKPlus, and participated in 2017 as a runway model at the 2018 S/S Seoul Fashion Week for Moon Jung-wook's brand, Nineteeneighty, collection.
In 2019, she signed an exclusive contract with Wooridle Company. During the 2020 S/S Seoul Fashion Week, Son appeared as the opening model for Nineteeneighty's collection.
Filmography
Television series
Film
Awards
References
External links
South Korean film actresses
South Korean television actresses
1989 births
Living people
21st-century South Korean actresses
The 2014 Greater Sudbury municipal election was held on October 27, 2014 to elect a mayor and 12 city councillors in Greater Sudbury, Ontario. In addition, school trustees were elected to the Rainbow District School Board, Sudbury Catholic District School Board, Conseil scolaire de district du Grand Nord de l'Ontario and Conseil scolaire de district catholique du Nouvel-Ontario.
The election was held in conjunction with those held in other municipalities in the province of Ontario. For other elections, see 2014 Ontario municipal elections.
Candidate registration opened on January 2, 2014. The last day for candidate registration was September 12, 2014; although the offices of mayor and all twelve city council seats saw contested elections, some candidates for election to the school boards were declared acclaimed to office on that date as no opposing candidates registered by the deadline.
For the first time in the city's history, the 2014 election included an online voting option as part of efforts to increase voter turnout.
Issues
The predominant election issue was the functioning of Greater Sudbury City Council in the 2010-14 term. Under mayor Marianne Matichuk, who was widely criticized as lacking the leadership skills necessary to build a working coalition of support for her agenda, the council's work frequently bogged down in a state of political gridlock.
In addition, the council faced extensive criticism for its 2013 decision to refuse oversight from the Ontario Ombudsman's office, as well as the management of community development funds, disbursed by city councillors, which have been widely criticized as having the potential to be misused as political slush funds.
In conjunction with the election, a municipal referendum was held on the issue of deregulating retail store hours in Greater Sudbury, which was one of the few cities in Ontario where retail stores were still not permitted to open on Boxing Day. Matichuk had pledged to deregulate store hours in the 2010 election, although her motion to do so failed when she presented it to council on February 9, 2011; the referendum was approved by council in September 2012.
A poll conducted by Oraclepoll Research for the city's Northern Life newspaper found that despite the transparency and government effectiveness issues that had dominated the municipal political scene over the previous term, basic pocketbook issues such as road maintenance and property taxes were most commonly identified by voters as their main priorities in the election, with integrity and ethics ranking as the top priority for only a small minority of voters.
Mayoral race
In the early months of the campaign, Matichuk's silence about her reelection plans gave rise to media speculation that Premier Kathleen Wynne planned to appoint Matichuk as the Ontario Liberal Party's candidate in the provincial electoral district of Sudbury for the 2014 provincial election. Both Wynne and Matichuk denied the reports; however, the speculation failed to die down because of Matichuk's continued lack of clarity about her plans, and the local Liberal riding association's inability to get a firm date commitment for its nomination meeting from the party's head office. The party finally nominated Andrew Olivier as its candidate on May 8. In addition, virtually all of the major figures from Matichuk's 2010 campaign team publicly declared that they would not participate in a 2014 campaign on her behalf.
Matichuk announced on June 19 that she would not run for a second term as mayor. Despite the controversies that marred her first term in office, however, Oraclepoll Research's first poll of the race, released on June 24, 2014, suggested that she still held a healthy lead over any of the declared candidates among decided voters, with 38.1 per cent support.
Former mayor John Rodriguez, who was defeated by Matichuk in the 2010 election, registered as a candidate for mayor on May 9. The other declared candidates were Jean-Raymond Audet; Jeanne Brohart; Brian Bigger, who took leave from his job as the city's auditor to mount his campaign; Ron Dupuis, the incumbent city councillor for Ward 5 (Valley East); Jeff Huska, a biomedical engineering technologist at Health Sciences North; Richard Majkot, a retired former staffer at Toronto City Hall; Dan Melanson, the former president of a local taxpayers' lobby association who was himself an advisor to Matichuk's campaign in 2010; and Ed Pokonzie and David Popescu, both perennial candidates in the Sudbury area.
Opinion polls
Percentages of decided vote.
Election results
Referendum
In conjunction with the municipal election, three referendum questions on store hours in the city were posed to voters.
The referendum results were not legally binding on the city, as participation on all three questions fell slightly short of 50 per cent of registered voters; although the overall election passed 50 per cent voter turnout, the referendum questions garnered only 47 per cent participation. Some voters who were opposed to the proposal reportedly opted to abstain from the referendum questions, out of the mistaken perception that rather than bouncing the issue back to city council again, a failure to achieve 50 per cent turnout would make it legally impossible for any change in store hours to take place at all.
Mayor-elect Brian Bigger and several of the new councillors stated that they considered the result to be a sufficient mandate to proceed with deregulation of store hours, and the city's store hours bylaw was repealed at the new council's first official business meeting on December 9, 2014.
Question 1
Are you in favour of retail business establishments having the choice to open to the public on December 26?
Question 2
Are you in favour of retail business establishments having the choice to open to the public on the Civic Holiday, the first Monday in August?
Question 3
Are you in favour of allowing retail business establishments to choose the hours when they are open to the public?
Council
Ward 1
Ward 1 was an open seat, as former councillor Joe Cimino was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 2014 provincial election.
Ward 2
Ward 3
Ward 3 was an open seat after Claude Berthiaume announced his retirement from politics.
Ward 4
Richard Paquette was a registered candidate, but withdrew his candidacy for personal reasons in April.
Ward 5
Ward 5 was an open seat, as incumbent councillor Ron Dupuis was a candidate in the mayoral race.
Ward 6
Ward 7
Frank Mazzuca, Jr. was a registered candidate, but withdrew on May 22, 2014.
Ward 8
Ward 9
Ward 10
Ward 11
Ward 12
Rainbow District School Board
Zone 1
Zone 1 consists of Wards 1 and 2 in the city.
Zone 2
Zone 2 consists of Wards 3 and 4 in the city, as well as much of the Unorganized North Sudbury District north of the city, including the townships of Cartier, Cascaden, Foy, Hart, Harty, Hess, Moncrieff, Shining Tree and Trill.
Zone 3
Zone 3 consists of Wards 5 and 6 in the city.
Zone 4
Zone 4 consists of Wards 7 and 8 in the city, as well as the outlying municipalities of French River, Killarney, Markstay-Warren and St. Charles, and the unorganized townships of Burwash, Cox, Davis, Eden, Hawley, Hendrie, Henry, James, Laura, Loughrin, Secord, Servos, Street and Tilton.
Zone 5
Zone 5 consists of Wards 9 and 10 in the city.
Zone 6
Zone 6 consists of Wards 11 and 12 in the city.
Sudbury Catholic District School Board
Zone 1
Zone 1 consists of Wards 1 and 2 in the city.
Zone 2
Zone 2 consists of Wards 3 and 4 in the city, as well as much of the Unorganized North Sudbury District north of the city, including the townships of Cartier, Cascaden, Foy, Hart, Harty, Hess, Moncrieff, Shining Tree and Trill.
Zone 3
Zone 3 consists of Wards 5 and 6 in the city.
Zone 4
Zone 4 consists of Wards 7 and 8 in the city, as well as the outlying municipalities of Markstay-Warren and St. Charles.
Zone 5
Zone 5 consists of Wards 9 and 10 in the city, as well as the outlying municipalities of French River and Killarney, and the unorganized townships of Burwash, Cox, Davis, Eden, Hawley, Henvey, Hendrie, Henry, James, Laura, Loughrin, Secord, Servos, Street, Tilton and Wallbridge.
Zone 6
Zone 6 consists of Wards 11 and 12 in the city.
Cameron was subsequently removed from office on March 30, 2015, after failing to file his financial statements from the 2014 election by the filing deadline of March 27; even though Cameron had been acclaimed to his seat and thus had no campaign expenses to report, he was still legally required to file a statement formally declaring his lack of expenses. Calling the matter an accidental oversight, Cameron appealed the decision and was reinstated as trustee and board chair in April.
Conseil scolaire public du Grand Nord de l'Ontario
Zone 7
Zone 8
Zone 9
Zone 10
Zone 11
Zone 12
Conseil scolaire de district catholique du Nouvel-Ontario
Zone 4
Two to be elected.
Zone 5
Two to be elected.
Zone 6
Two to be elected.
References
External links
City of Greater Sudbury Municipal Elections 2014
2014 Ontario municipal elections
2014
Septatorina is a suborder of parasitic alveolates of the phylum Apicomplexa
Taxonomy
There are five superfamilies and one family in this suborder: superfamilies Fusionicae, Gregarinicae, Porosporicae, Stenophoricae and Stylocephaloidea; and family Blabericolidae.
History
This taxon was created in 1885 by Ray Lankester.
Description
The defining morphological feature of this taxon is the presence of septum dividing the gamont or trophozoite into a protomerite and deutomerite. The septum may not always be visible by light microscopy. Species in this taxon also have an epimerite.
Species in this taxon infect invertebrates and especially arthropods.
References
SAR supergroup suborders
Conoidasida
Georgia Mountain is a community and small plateau in Marshall County, Alabama, east of Brindlee Mountain.
Located some 6–7 miles northwest of Guntersville with scenic bluffs overlooking much of Guntersville Lake and the dam, wooded areas and open fields. The community contains 3 churches, 3 cemeteries, fire house, community center, horse farm, boarding stables, farmers, chicken houses, and more. Up into the 1980s, the area was mainly farmland, but this changed as the agricultural lifestyle was largely abandoned. Today, the area is made up of mainly subdivisions and small plots of land, with very few traces of old home places for which it was once known. Many of the first families still have descendants living on Georgia Mountain and most of the surviving founding members are buried in one of the cemeteries. Residents come from all walks of life, and homes range from the very basic to the most elegant.
Prior to the American Civil War Ira Roe Foster had purchased about 6 miles of river frontage (including the present Guntersville Dam site) and a large portion of Brindlee Mountain.
Following the War, many Southerners found themselves in unpleasant and difficult circumstances. Many had lost their money and households, and that part of Georgia through which General Sherman's army had marched was almost completely devastated. Many families decided to move on and try to start a new life elsewhere. Ira Roe Foster was one of those and he decided to move his family to Alabama around 1867. He invited a number of friends to join him and they settled on that part of Brindlee Mountain which lies east of 'Long Hollow' and was at that time largely uninhabited wilderness. They called the area "Georgia Mountain", in honor of the beloved state they had left behind. While there appear to have been inhabitants of some parts of Georgia Mountain for some years prior to the Civil War, its main settlement and its name came afterwards.
The 11 families who migrated with the Fosters were the Alford, Bolding, Brown, Eubanks, Evans, Fielding, Hilburn, McMinn, Malone, Rainwater and Turner families. They settled an area that until then had been an uninhabited wilderness, and was decidedly rural despite being situated just a few miles from Guntersville.
Ira Foster established a landing on the river near the present Guntersville Dam known as "Foster's Landing" and built a sawmill to provide the lumber needed for building homes and businesses. A road led from Foster's Landing up to the top of the mountain. For several years all the settlement's supplies came on the Tennessee River to the landing and were carried up the mountain on wagons via that route – that road has ceased to exist.
Many of the residents on the mountain farmed the rich "bottoms" along the river (now under Guntersville Lake), going up and down the mountain daily. The road was finally extended down the other side of the mountain to Guntersville when Foster requested Gov. Brown of Georgia to send him an engineer. The engineer was Albert M. Ayres, Sr. who married Foster's daughter and made the mountain his home. That road was eventually paved in the 1960s with only one curve removed, and continues to be one of the main roads to access the mountain.
Those families decided they must organize a church and establish a school. The first meeting house was built of logs near where the Mt. Carmel cemetery is today. They were officially recognized in June 1867 and named Mt. Carmel Baptist Church. That name was chosen because it was the name of the church many of the organizers had belonged to in Georgia.
Another 'meeting house' was built somewhere around 1872 and was used by both the Baptists and Methodists. During the early years that building also served as a community meeting place.
Eventually a school was built with two classrooms. A third room was added later. It operated until sometime in the 1950s.
The Methodist Church was organized on Georgia Mountain in 1872 and was first known as Mason's Chapel, though the name has since been changed to Bethel Church, and somewhere along the way, Grace Church was formed.
At one time there was a post office on Georgia Mountain called "Beard". Arthur Campbell Beard had come from Pennsylvania in the early 1800s and had settled Beard's Bluff on the Tennessee River just west of Guntersville (later known as Street's Bluff).
Crank-type phones arrived on the mountain sometime in the first half of the twentieth century. Electric power was first run to the mountain by Alabama Power in the 1930s. In 1947 power came from Arab Electric. Water lines finally arrived from Arab Water in 1973-74. Natural gas arrived 2011-12.
In 2022 the main roads on the mountain are paved and growth continues.
References
External links
Mt. Carmel Baptist Church
Bethel Church
Kudzu Craft
Marshall County Animal Shelter
Landforms of Marshall County, Alabama
Mountains of Alabama
"Encontré el amor" (English: I Found Love) was released as a promotional single from the band Selena y Los Dinos in 1983 from Selena's second album The New Girl in Town.
Charts
References
1983 singles
Selena songs
Song recordings produced by A. B. Quintanilla
1983 songs
Song articles with missing songwriters
United States v. Vehicular Parking Ltd. is a patent–antitrust case in which the United States Government eroded the doctrine of United States v. General Electric Co. permitting patentees to fix licensee prices, but failed to persuade the court to decree royalty-free licensing as a remedy.
Background
Defendants Parkrite Corp. and Dual Parking Meter Co. owned patents on parking meters and they manufactured and sold them. In 1936 defendant Joynt wrote to defendants Taylor and Symington proposing the formation of a patent pool:
The parking meter business is new and seems to offer ample opportunity for profit. From my study of the Patent aspects it seems that very little has been done to create a Patent monopoly. It is my opinion that a fair start toward such a monopoly could be gained by pooling the Patents and Patent Applications of Dual Parking Meter Company and Parkrite Corporation.
Joynt did further research and wrote Taylor and Symington again:
The [Doyle patent] owned by Parkrite Corporation is the only Patent in this field that seems to have claims which in any way might be construed as broadly covering a parking meter of the honor system type. These claims are not such, however, as should be put into litigation because I am afraid they might be invalidated by certain prior art. At present they are accorded a prima facie validity which could be used to advantage in discouraging competition. The actual strength of the Patent Monopoly must be gotten from a number of Patents covering individual types of parking meters. If the [Doyle] patent were pooled with the other patents owned by Parkrite Corporation and the several Patents and Patent Applications owned by Dual Parking Meter Company, I feel that this pooling would result in a first rate step toward establishing a dominant position in the parking meter field.
In 1937 Vehicular Parking, Ltd. was formed to hold patents. It acquired Parkrite's patents and then Parkrite was absorbed. Vehicular tried to get M.H. Rhodes. Inc., a price–cutter, to join the pool but was unsuccessful. Vehicular then sued Rhodes for patent infringement. Rhodes finally agreed to join, but objected to following the price stabilization program until the rest of the industry joined the combination. Vehicular was unsuccessful in persuading Dual, which owned the key Doyle patent, to join. Vehicular sued Dual for patent infringement but Dual countered with its own patent infringement suit and alleged that Vehicular had conspired with other manufacturers to create an unlawful monopoly in the parking meter industry and to fix prices. Vehicular managed to gain control of Dual and arranged to have Dual's patents assigned to Vehicular, and for Vehicular to sign the resale price maintenance agreement. The rest of the industry then joined the combin.
Defendant manufacturers Vehicular, Rhodes, Dual, Duncan, Mico, Karpark and Standard agreed to some 21 restrictions, including:
"Manual" meters would not be sold below $35 and "automatic" meters not below $45.
"Reasonable" prices would be charged for parts and services.
A 2½% discount would be maximum. 5% interest per annum would be charged on all deferred payments.
No free service or maintenance. Guarantees against defective workmanship to be limited to one year.
No deliveries in anticipation of price advances.
Used and reconditioned manual meters not to be sold below $25, such automatic meters not below $35.
Maximum of $15 for trade-in allowance on second-hand meters.
Violations of agreement subject to fines.
Vehicular to enforce patents held by it against other manufacturers of parking meters.
Corporate defendants to pay Vehicular 4% of the sales price of each meter in order to police the industry.
Counsel warned of antitrust risks:
The admitted object of licensor and licensees is to control the industry among themselves, all of it if possible, and if not all then at least most of it. Prices are fixed for everything, even for services and even for standards, whether patented or not. Limitations are fixed as to amount of bond and the bonding period. Minimum prices are even fixed for second-hand meters which, under the law, are absolutely clear of patent monopoly once sold. The agreement runs until the expiration of the last patent in the list. It is not even necessary to consider the future to perceive that within a month the agreement will apply to anything made under the 1923 patent and will successively apply to articles made under the succeeding patents, even after the patents expire and their entire subject matter is free to the public.
Nonetheless, during 1940 and 1941 defendants met, discussed who should and who should not join their group, agreed from time to time to lower or increase prices, and varied their joint terms and conditions of sale.
District court ruling
The United States sued Vehicular, other members of the pool, and various individual participants in the conduct involved here, in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The government alleged that the defendants "entered into a combination and conspiracy to restrain and monopolize trade with respect to (1) manufacture, distribution and sale of parking meters and (2) United States letters patent relating to such parking meters." The case was tried before Judge Paul Conway Leahy.
The district court observed that the defendants' acts, "considered in the light of the fact that defendants controlled 95% to 98% of the parking meter business in the United States, disclose an integrated plan to control the manufacture and sale of parking meters." Moreover, even assuming that all of:
Vehicular's patents are valid, the agreements in suit attempt to extend the lawful patent monopoly in an illegal manner. Defendants cannot by concert of action fix prices for the adjunctive devices obviously not within the claims of the patents, i.e., the coin counters, the standards and collars. . . . When Vehicular attempts to control the making and vending of products other than the patented meter, such control is obviously not bottomed on the patent statute and is far beyond the claims upon which the lawful monopoly rests. Restrictions on price for servicing meters, and prohibition against free servicing are not protected by any of the claims found in Vehicular's collection of patents; such restrictions are illegal.
The court said this combination was indistinguishable from that held illegal in Standard Sanitary Mfg. Co. v. United States. However, in United States v. General Electric Co. the Court held that one manufacturer of a patented product could license another manufacturer to make the patented product at a specified price. The defendants rely on "if not wholly at least substantially, on this case." But, the court countered, the instant case is sharply distinguishable from the 1926 General Electric case: "General Electric was engaged in the manufacture of its patented device; and to protect its legal monopoly the Supreme Court held that it had the right to insist that its licensee would not undersell it in competition." Chief Justice Taft said in that case:
When the patentee licenses another to make and vend and retains the right to continue to make and vend on his own account, the price at which his licensee will sell will necessarily affect the price at which he can sell his own patented goods. It would seem entirely reasonable that he should say to the licensee, "Yes, you may make and sell articles under my patent but not so as to destroy the profit that I wish to obtain by making them and se‘lling them myself."
But nothing in that case says "that the patentee can agree with group-licensees to fix the price at which all may sell." Vehicular is the patent owner nut not a manufacturer. "The price fixing, then, is for the benefit of the licensees—not to protect Vehicular's sales of meters because Vehicular is not engaged in manufacturing and sale." This case is a very different one:
Where the defendant corporations control from 95% to 98% of an industry, with threat of competition removed, upon agreement that others will be refused "to join the fold", a tight monopoly exists, especially where the parties to the agreement before they became parties to it were in free and open competition and sold the devices at prices to the public much below those established by the agreement. . . . [W]here the aggregation submit to rules (and fines for the violation of such rules) to prevent competition inter sese and from outsiders, agree who should become members of the family and who should never be adopted, the product and services each should traffic in, the prices and terms and conditions of sale of such, and the compensation each shall pay to persons to attempt to sell the product, then such a business manifestly "takes away the freedom of action of [its] members." For, in such situations, "the combination is in reality an extra-governmental agency, which prescribes rules for the regulation and restraint of interstate commerce, and provides extra-judicial tribunals for determination and punishment of violations, and thus 'trenches upon the power of the national legislature and violates the statute.'" [quoting Fashion Originators Guild v. FTC].
Patent pools are not objectionable as such, the court said. but they are when "the design of persons in such acquisition and pooling is to restrain trade." The court then quoted the letter from Joynt to Taylor and Symington (see Background section, above) in which Joynt proposed forming a patent pool to gain a monopoly. The court pointed next to the agreement with Standard to eliminate the manufacture and sale of "free-time" meters, citing cases holding it illegal for a patentee to use "the lawful monopoly granted by the patent as a means of suppressing the manufacture and sale of competing unpatented articles" because the purpose is "to extend the bounds of its lawful monopoly to make, use and vend the patented device to the extent where such device would be the only one available to a user of such an article."
The court then turned to what remedy was appropriate. The government argued that "the only way effectually to dissolve the monopoly is to remove the source of the monopoly power, viz., enjoin defendants from instituting patent infringement suits and to compel the patent-owning defendants to give all applicants royalty–free and unrestricted licenses." The court said it would put that issue off for a future hearing because:
[A]t this time, I am not certain the patents in suit should, as a practical matter, be virtually cancelled by the inclusion in the proposed decree of the provisions commanding royalty-free licensing. I have no doubt that there may be judicial death-sentence of a patent in a proper case, but I must be convinced that this is the case.
Further proceedings in district court
● Several months later the district court held a further hearing on relief.
First, the court ruled over the defendants' opposition that the injunction against continued violation should extend to the individual defendants, "in view of the fact that they were real forces in the combination and not merely employees carrying out corporate policies"
Conclusion of Law No. 19 had recited: "The defendants have effectuated a conspiracy to obtain and use patents and patent rights in violation of the Sherman Act and therefore should be enjoined from enforcing those patent rights, whether by suits for infringement or suits to collect royalties." Defendants moved to strike this conclusion and the corresponding paragraph of the proposed decree, which permanently enjoined the conduct. The court said the defendants are free to petition the court at any time in the future to argue that the effects of the abuse of the patents have been fully dissipated so as to reinstate patent enforceability. But that does not mean, the court added, that defendants' "mere declarations that they will carry the decree into effect" will suffice:
Exculpation in these cases consists of a change in the method of doing business. When and if defendants are able to show a course of conduct which is free from the present taint of illegality, then consideration will be given to [reinstate patent enforceability].
Finally, the court agreed with the defendants not to require reasonable-royalty or royalty-free licensing. The issue is pending in the Supreme in Hartford Empire Co. v. United States, the court said, and therefore consideration of the matter "will be postponed until after the Supreme Court speaks."
● A year later Vehicular moved for modification of the final decree.
Once again, removal of the injunction against individual defendants was sought. The court said nothing had changed in the interim to justify a modification of this provision.
The Supreme Court had now decided Hartford-Empire Co. v. United States, and the government now argued that the court has power to require royalty-free licensing. The district court disagreed; it said that would be tantamount to cancelling the patent but there is no express statutory or judicial authority for such antitrust relief. Instead, the court ordered mandatory, reasonable-royalty licensing.
Finally, the defendants claimed they should once again be permitted to enforce their patents. The court said:
A year has passed. There has been no disclosure or report (either to this court or the Department of Justice) of the defendants' present or future methods of doing business or the manner in which they are utilizing their parking-meter patent rights. It is now concluded that an additional passage of time must occur for it to appear that defendants have exculpated themselves from their former violations of the anti-trust laws. Such report may come in the future; but until then the specific sanctions imposed . . . must stand.
References
United States antitrust case law
United States patent case law
United States District Court for the District of Delaware cases
1944 in United States case law
1945 in United States case law
The Internationale Hegel-Vereinigung (International Hegel Association) is a non-profit organization, founded in 1962. Its mission is to promote the study of G.W.F. Hegel's philosophy on at least two different fronts: (1) Hegel's system and its parts; and (2) Hegel's philosophical beginnings and history as it leads up to modern theory.
To accomplish these tasks the International Hegel Association organizes smaller meetings at regular intervals to discuss different topics of Hegel's philosophy, as well as an International Congress every six years, designing the most comprehensive international participation possible.
The International Hegel Association has more than 250 members worldwide. Since March, 2007, its president has been Professor Axel Honneth (Frankfurt), with offices at the Philosophical Seminar of the University of Heidelberg.
All who are occupied with Hegel's Philosophy are invited to join, particularly those who seek scientific advancement for and from this study.
The periodical publication of the International Hegel Association appeared until 1980 as a supplement of the Hegel Studien and after 1980 has been published independently by the Klett Cotta Publishing House, Stuttgart.
External links
Official Website
Philosophical societies in Germany
Organizations established in 1962
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
1962 establishments in Germany
Two human polls and a committee's selections comprise the 2021 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) football rankings, in addition to various publications' preseason polls. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship at the FBS level. Instead, that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. One additional poll, the College Football Playoff (CFP) ranking, is usually released starting midway through the season. The CFP rankings determine who makes the four-team playoff that determines the College Football Playoff National Champion.
Legend
AP Poll
Ranking highlights
Preseason
Iowa State received its highest ranking (No. 7) in program history.
Coastal Carolina and Louisiana, respectively No. 22 and No. 23, were the first Sun Belt Conference teams ever ranked in the preseason.
Week 5
Clemson's long streak of poll rankings ends.
Week 6
Cincinnati received its highest ranking (No. 3) in program history.
Week 7
UTSA was ranked for the first time in program history at No. 24.
Cincinnati received its highest ranking (No. 2) in program history.
Week 8
UTSA received its highest ranking (No. 23) in program history.
Week 9
Wake Forest received its highest ranking (No. 10) in program history.
UTSA received its highest ranking (No. 16) in program history.
Week 10
UTSA received its highest ranking (No. 15) in program history.
Final Poll
Cincinnati received its highest final ranking (No. 4). Its previous high was No. 8 in 2009 and 2020.
Baylor received its highest final ranking (No. 5). Its previous high was No. 7 in 2014.
Wake Forest received its highest final ranking (No. 15). Its previous high was No. 18 in 2006.
Coaches Poll
CFP Rankings
The initial 2021 College Football Playoff rankings were released on Tuesday, November 2, 2021.
Notes
References
Rankings
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Rankings
Drivin' N Cryin' is an American Southern rock band from Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
History
The band was formed in 1985 in Atlanta when Kevn Kinney hooked up with Frank French at the latter's recording studio, Dragon Path Music, and began working on original songs at night and working at times at French's shop "Far East Futon Company" in Atlanta. Kinney also hooked up with Tim Nielsen, who was in a popular band called the Nightporters with drummer Paul Lenz. Kinney had just moved to Georgia from Milwaukee and was working in a sewage-treatment plant by day, while playing folk gigs by night. The band's name, Drivin' N Cryin', was chosen from one of Kevn's many songs that reflected the two directions of the band's music.
The band first signed with independent label 688 Records in 1986, after becoming one of Atlanta's top club draws. The band's first album, Scarred But Smarter, helped the band land many tour dates and later a contract with Island Records. In 1987, Lenz left and was replaced by Jeff Sullivan, who was recruited just in time to accompany the band for its first major-label release. Sullivan had been the drummer for Mr. Crowes Garden, which later became The Black Crowes, prior to joining Drivin' 'N' Cryin'. The same year, the band held its first “Benefit For The Hopeful,” a concert to raise money for Atlanta homeless organizations, held annually on December 8, the anniversary of John Lennon's death. Fellow Georgian band R.E.M.'s guitar tech and touring rhythm guitarist Buren Fowler joined the trio at this time as well. Fowler was officially asked to join the band on a more permanent level (though not as an official member) in 1988, after many on-stage appearances with the group.
The band released its first album for Island, Whisper Tames The Lion, produced by Anton Fier, in early 1988. The album peaked at No. 130 on the Billboard 200. College radio success (and some commercial) accumulated with airplay of the songs "Can't Promise You The World" (for which the band filmed its first video) and "Powerhouse."
1989 marked the release of Mystery Road, including live staples such as "Honeysuckle Blue" and "Straight To Hell." In 1991, the band released the hard-rocking Fly Me Courageous. Produced by Geoff Workman, the album became the band's most commercially successful album and would be certified gold. The next few years the band toured with artists such as Neil Young and Soul Asylum. In 1993, the band released another album produced by Geoff Workman, entitled Smoke, which peaked at No. 95 on the Billboard's Top 200 album chart. This album was another rocker, but failed to catch on with the public as had its predecessor.
In 1994, the band decided to move away from the heavy guitar sounds of the previous two records and brought in keyboardist Joey Huffman to replace Buren Fowler. That same year the band left Island Records and found a new home at Geffen Records. The band's first and only Geffen album, 1995's Wrapped in Sky, featured newly added keyboard sounds and a return to the band's original sound.
1997 brought a self-titled album, followed two years later by a live album, The Essential Live Drivin' 'N' Cryin. In 2000, the band released The Ultimate Collection, a best-of collection. In 2003, the band released a four-song EP, Detroit City Rock, which featured a cover of the Beatles "Let It Be," recorded in New York City on Sept. 13, 2001. The band released its first full studio album in 12 years, The Great American Bubble Factory on September 29, 2009. In 2011, the Georgia General Assembly commended Drivin' N' Cryin' in a house resolution for the band's achievements.
Starting in 2012, the band began a series of EPs, each composed of tracks addressing a particular theme. The first, Songs from the Laundromat was released June 12, followed by Songs About Cars, Space and The Ramones on Sept. 18. On March 5, 2013, Songs From The Psychedelic Time Clock was released. The final release of the EP series was "Songs For The Turntable," released January 14, 2014.
In 2012, a documentary about the band titled Scarred but Smarter: Life n Times of Drivin N Cryin was produced.
In 2015, DnC was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame. In 2016 the band supported Dan Baird & Homemade Sin on the UK leg of their European tour and were augmented again by guitarist Warner E Hodges.
Kevn Kinney has also maintained a solo career over the years. He released his first solo album, the acoustic MacDougal Blues in 1990. This was followed by Down Out Law in 1994, and The Flower And The Knife in 2000. The latter featured guests such as Blues Traveler's John Popper, Edwin McCain, and members of Gov't Mule and the Allman Brothers Band. He has released five more solo albums since, and frequently performs live as a solo artist, including live collaborations with Peter Buck of R.E.M.
Discography
Scarred but Smarter (October 1986)
Whisper Tames the Lion (June 1988) U.S. Billboard 200 No. 130
Mystery Road (March 1989)
Fly Me Courageous (January 1991) U.S. No. 90
Live on Fire (EP, March 1991; live tracks from Six Flags Over Georgia)
Smoke (February 1993) U.S. No. 95
Wrapped in Sky (August 1995)
Drivin' 'n' Cryin (August 1997)
Essential Live (September 1999)
Ultimate Collection (August 2000)
Detroit City Rock (EP, September 2003)
The Great American Bubble Factory (September 2009)
Songs from the Laundromat (EP, June 2012)
Songs About Cars, Space and The Ramones (EP, September 2012)
Songs from the Psychedelic Time Clock (EP, March 2013)
Songs for the Turntable (EP, January 2014)
Best of Songs (April 2016)
Too Late to Turn Back Now! (July 2018, self-titled 1997 album, remastered with a different title)
Live the Love Beautiful (June 2019)
Singles
References
External links
Kevn Kinney Interview CountryMusicPride.com
Drivin N Cryin collection at the Internet Archive's live music archive
Rock music groups from Georgia (U.S. state)
American southern rock musical groups
Musical groups from Atlanta
Musical groups established in 1985
Musical quartets
Island Records artists
1985 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Chalcosoma chiron (often called the Caucasus beetle) is a species of beetle in the family Scarabaeidae. This species can be found from Malaysia south into Indonesia (Sumatra, Java, Malay Peninsula, Indochina) and Thailand in East region (Chanthaburi province, Sa Kaeo province). It was formerly known as Chalcosoma caucasus, a name which is a junior synonym and not valid.
Description
Chalcosoma chiron males can reach a length of , while females grow to . Caucasus beetles are the largest of the genus Chalcosoma and one of Asia's largest beetles. They have a striking sexual dimorphism. The male has specialised enormous, curved horns on its head and thorax that it can use to fight with other males to gain mating rights with females. A female is significantly smaller. The elytra of the females have a velvety texture, as they are covered by tiny hairs. When males enter into contests for females, the fighting spirit is as strong as in the Hercules beetle of South America. Because they can be captured throughout the year, the acquisition of these beetles is easy and the price is quite low. Caucasus beetles differ from Atlas beetles (for which they are often mistaken) in that they have a small tooth on their lower horns.
Their grubs go through three molts, and generally live underground for 12–15 months; the larger males remain grubs longer than females. Their pupae live 1–2 months, while the adults live for 3–5 months. Females live longer than males.
Subspecies
C. c. belangeri - Thailand, Langkawi, Vietnam
C. c. chiron - Java
C. c. kirbyi - West Malaysia
C. c. janssensi - Sumatra
References
Dynastinae
Insects of Indonesia
Insects of Malaysia
Beetles described in 1789
Yeokchon-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Yeokchon 1-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
Risto Solanko (28 July 1901 – 7 May 1980) was a Finnish diplomat. Until 1935 his surname was Sohlman.
Solanko was born in Tampere, and began working for the Ministry for Foreign Affairs in 1929. In the 1930s, he served as a delegation assistant in Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro and Oslo, between 1939 and 1944 as Secretary of State in Washington, between 1945 and 1952 as Head of Division in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Deputy Head of Department in 1952–1960 as Counselor in London and Tel Aviv as Chancellor of the 1960s. 1962 and Finnish Ambassador to Israel from 1962 to 1964. Solanko retired in 1968
In 1929, Risto Solang married Siljo Ivalo, whose father was writer Santeri Ivalo and brother diplomat Asko Ivalo
Solanko died in Helsinki, aged 78.
References
1901 births
1980 deaths
Ambassadors of Finland to Israel
People from Tampere
Hellmut Ludwig Späth (4 December 1885 – 15 February 1945) was a German botanist and plant nursery owner, murdered by the Nazi party. His nursery is now Späth-Arboretum.
Biography
He was born 4 December 1885, the son of Franz and Wilhelmine Späth, became the sixth and last manager of the Späth nursery on the death of his father in 1913. After studies at Cambridge, Hellmut returned to Berlin in 1910 and received his doctorate in 1912 from the Berlin Agricultural College. His dissertation was titled, The Locust Drive - a contribution to the knowledge of periodicity and annual ring formation in deciduous woody plants, and was published by Paul Parey.
Hellmut revived the nursery's fortunes during the Depression by joining the Nazi Party and obtaining lucrative landscaping contracts for the new autobahns and other public works. However, his outspoken criticism of the Nazi regime saw him incarcerated in Sachsenhausen concentration camp, where he was executed by firing squad in 1945. The nursery had closed in 1944, and in 1947 the arboretum passed into public ownership and became known as the Späthsches Arboretum.
In 2009, a Stolperstein (small, cobble stone-sized memorial plaque) was installed at his old school, Landesschule Pforta, to commemorate Späth as a victim of the Nazi regime.
References
External links
Späth Arboretum on Baumschulenweg
The Späthsches Arboretum
1885 births
1945 deaths
20th-century German botanists
Nurserymen
People who died in Sachsenhausen concentration camp
German civilians killed in World War II
German people executed in Nazi concentration camps
People executed by Nazi Germany by firing squad
Resistance members killed by Nazi Germany
The Laguna Diversion Dam is a rock-filled diversion dam on the Colorado River. It is located 13 miles northeast of Winterhaven, CA–Yuma, AZ on Imperial County route S24. Constructed between 1903 and 1905, the dam was the first dam built on the Colorado River and subsequently ended boat travel to the north.
History
After the passage of the Reclamation Act by the US Congress in 1902, the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation began constructing the dam under the Yuma Project in 1903. This project was the first development of the U.S. Reclamation Service along the Lower Colorado River and featured the Laguna Diversion Dam, a pumping station and a series of canals. On July 6, 1905 the contract to build the dam was awarded to J. G. White and Company who started construction less than two weeks later. Deliveries of cement were a problem as they had to be delivered to Yuma by rail and to the construction site by wagons or steamboat. Poor rock quality at local quarries also posed a problem that consistently delayed construction, 50% of the weak rock was unusable. Even after their contract was supplemented to encompass the rock quality delays, J. G. White and Company still did not meet their deadline and the Bureau of Reclamation took over construction in early 1907.
To solve the cement delivery problems, the Bureau of Reclamation had built a levee on the California side on the dam that was topped by a rail-line by March 1908. Beforehand, they had also gained the cooperation of the Southern Pacific Railroad who agreed to deliver cement directly at the dam site. The rock problem was solved when the Bureau raised the upstream and downstream cofferdams with rock waste and topped them with rail lines that could deliver rock-fill much faster. By December 1908, the water bypass around the dam was complete and workers began to pour the rock-fill. Three large concrete walls supported by 6-inch sheet-wood pilings were built across the river for the dam's foundation. Rock-fill was placed in between and on the outsides of these walls for support. The California sluiceway consisted of three iron gates while the Arizona had one. Mexican-Americans mostly worked on the dam while a few Native American Indians did as well. Skilled white-labor worked in the cooler months.
The Laguna Dam's design and size made it a peculiar structure for the time. The dam, a weir, was merely 43 ft. tall, almost two-thirds of which were built below the riverbed. Subsequently, the dam only raised the river ten feet. Modifications to the dam's downstream talus were done between 1923–1924. After the creation of the Imperial Dam 5-miles upstream, the Laguna Diversion Dam was no longer needed and its California diversion outlets were closed on June 23, 1948. Since then, the dam serves to regulate the outflows of the Imperial Dam and often does not impound a large reservoir.
Swastika design
The Laguna Dam was decorated with numerous swastikas, thus developing the eventual nickname "Swastika Dam." The swastikas present on this structure were not put there for any sort of National Socialist ("Nazi"), or otherwise racist or socio-political reasons. They were placed there prior to Adolf Hitler's effectively having altered the popular meaning of the swastika within Western societies.
Fish species
Largemouth Bass
Striped Bass
Crappie
Bullhead catfish
Catfish (Channel)
Catfish (Flathead)
Tilapia
Redear Sunfish
Green Sunfish
Bluegill Sunfish
Mullet
Carp
Bullfrogs
See also
Mittry Lake – Created by the dam.
County Route S24
References
Map of Laguna Diversion Dam
External links
USBR Laguna Diversion Dam Website
Swastika Dam article by Walter Smoter Frank
USBR History of Laguna Dam
Arizona Lake Levels
Dams in California
Dams in Arizona
Dams of the Lower Colorado River Valley
Dams on the Colorado River
Buildings and structures in Imperial County, California
Winterhaven, California
Buildings and structures in Yuma County, Arizona
United States Bureau of Reclamation dams
Dams completed in 1905
Historic American Engineering Record in Arizona
1905 establishments in Arizona Territory
1905 establishments in California
Josip Lukunić (born 27 March 1981) is a Croatian football midfielder.
References
1981 births
Living people
Croatian footballers
NK Croatia Sesvete players
HNK Šibenik players
HNK Rijeka players
NK Pomorac 1921 players
NK Karlovac players
Croatian Football League players
Association football midfielders
Houcine Anafal (15 September 1952 – 22 August 2012) was a Moroccan professional footballer who played for clubs in Europe, including Stade Rennais F.C. as well as the Morocco national football team.
Club career
Born in Kenitra, Anafal played senior football with KAC Kénitra over two spells, winning the 1972–73 Botola with the club. He also had two spells in France's Ligue 1 with Rennes, and one spell in Ligue 2 with Stade Quimpérois.
International career
Anafal made several appearances for the full Morocco national football team, including qualifying matches for the 1974 FIFA World Cup and 1978 FIFA World Cup. He also participated at the 1978 African Cup of Nations.
References
1952 births
2012 deaths
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Morocco international footballers
Berber Moroccans
Stade Rennais F.C. players
Quimper Kerfeunteun F.C. players
Botola players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Expatriate footballers in France
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
1978 African Cup of Nations players
People from Kenitra
Association football midfielders
Human sensing (also called human detection or human presence detection) encompasses a range of technologies for detecting the presence of a human body in an area of space, typically without the intentional participation of the detected person. Common applications include search and rescue, surveillance, and customer analytics (for example, people counters).
Modern technologies proposed or deployed for human sensing include:
Acoustic sensors
Image recognition of human shapes
Infrared detectors
Pressure-sensitive floor tiles
Radar
Chemical sensors
Detection of the mobile phone, computer, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi signals of a device assumed to be in the possession of a person.
WiFi Sensing
Examples
In 1997 CAPTCHA ("Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart") was invented. Test is used for detection that computer is operated by human operator, preventing accessing protected resource by programs , spam robots.
Various commercial heartbeat detection systems employ a set of vibration or seismic sensors to detect the presence of a person inside a vehicle or container by sensing vibrations caused by the human heartbeat.
Another commercial product uses infrared light to detect the level of carbon dioxide in an enclosed space, from which it infers the presence of humans or other living creatures.
In September 2013, the United States Department of Homeland Security's Science and Technology Directorate demonstrated a prototype of the FINDER radar technology device, which it developed in conjunction with NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. FINDER uses microwave radar to detect the unique signature of a human's breathing pattern and heartbeat, through 20 feet of solid concrete, 30 feet of a crushed mixture of concrete and rebar, and 100 feet of open space.
In September 2014, the DHS promoted the technology to SWAT teams at the Urban Shield trade show.
In 2019, waste management company Total Waste Solutions developed a device to help protect homeless people who seek shelter inside industrial bins from harm.
References
External links
Remote human presence detection system Tam, Daniel et al. Assignee:The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of the Navy .
Disaster management tools
Human–computer interaction
The Zurich Street Circuit is a street circuit located in Swiss city of Zurich, used for the Zürich ePrix of the Formula E Championship, and held its first race, as well as the first Swiss motor race since 1954, the 2018 Zürich ePrix on 10 June 2018.
History
Preparations for a Formula E race in Switzerland commenced in March 2015 when the Council of States backed a motion put forward by the National Councillor Fathi Derder to exempt electric car racing from a long-standing ban on motor racing in the country. The motion was adopted by the Federal Council in December, allowing electric vehicles to race in Switzerland starting from 1 April 2016 pending authorisation from local authorities with regards to the maximum speeds allowed. Subsequently on 21 September 2017, the Zurich ePrix was then announced to be added to the Calendar of the 2017-18 FIA Formula E Championship. The final track design was revealed on 3 April 2018.
Circuit layout
The circuit is a long track, with 11 turns, and was designed by the CEO of e-Mobil Züri Roger Tognella and his son Andrin by using Google Earth on their home computer, unlike most circuits. The track features a mix of surfaces, with asphalt and concrete, and crosses several tramlines, some of which were filled for the event. In addition, it also features a mixed surface pit lane, with half the pit lane having cobblestones on the surface, which resulted in teams running adapted software for the pit limiter, due to the reduced speed limit of 30km/h.
References
Zürich ePrix
Formula E circuits
Motorsport venues in Switzerland
Ladd Ehlinger Jr. (born August 21, 1968 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American filmmaker. He is the director and animator of the 2007 film Flatland as well as a creator of numerous political videos promoting a libertarian conservative viewpoint, some of which have become highly controversial and reached viral levels of publicity. On his website, he compares himself to Sam Peckinpah and Orson Welles. He also hosts a radio talk show in Huntsville, Alabama.
Flatland
In 2007, Ehlinger directed, animated and edited the film Flatland, which is based on Edwin Abbott Abbott's novella of the same name. The film takes place on a two-dimensional world inhabited by intelligent polygons, most of whom refuse to acknowledge the existence of a third dimension. "The story follows its hero A Square, who inhabits a world that is completely flat and two-dimensional. A mysterious visitor from the third dimension arrives, bent on spreading the gossip about another dimension called height. A Square is taken out of Flatland and transported to the 3D universe. In so doing, the very fabric of space-time itself is placed at risks, potentially destroying all creation."
"Flatland" was widely reviewed and received critical acclaim as an independent, innovative film.
Hive Mind
In 2010, Ehlinger released another full-length film, more overtly political than the last. This film, Hive Mind, centers on a conservative talk radio host who is the last "normal" human in a world otherwise inhabited entirely by zombies who are part of the "Hive Mind" of the title.
Political videos
Ehlinger has created numerous viral videos, including a video of a dancing Barney Frank between disco balls, an ad portraying Nancy Pelosi as the Wicked Witch of the West an ad promoting Dale Peterson's candidacy for agriculture commissioner in Alabama, and an anti-Janice Hahn ad portraying the congressional candidate with red eyes and as a stripper who gyrates while two black rappers grab dollar bills out of her panties and chant "Give us your cash, bitch". The ad focused on Janice Hahn's promotion of a taxpayer-funded program in Los Angeles that hires convicted felons as "gang intervention specialists", many of whom have been subsequently indicted. This latter ad was described in the media as "the most racist and sexist political ad ever", and Democrats at the state and national level urged Republican candidate Craig Huey to disown the ad, which he eventually did. Ehlinger himself said in response to the criticism, “I didn't kill anyone. I didn't even enable anyone to kill anyone....The ad's funny. It makes me laugh. So if, for some reason, it's pulled by YouTube, a thousand will be launched in its place.” The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee made mention of the controversy surrounding the ad in one of its fundraising e-mails.
References
External links
Official website
American filmmakers
American libertarians
Living people
1968 births
This is a timeline of incidents in 1995 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualties figure in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1995
1995
1995
Terr
Kipps: The Story of a Simple Soul is a novel by H. G. Wells, first published in 1905. It was reportedly Wells's own favourite among his works, and it has been adapted for stage, cinema and television productions, including the musical Half a Sixpence.
Plot
The eponymous character is Arthur "Artie" Kipps, an illegitimate orphan. In Book I, "The Making of Kipps", he is raised by his aged aunt and uncle, who keep a little shop in New Romney on the southeastern coast of Kent. He attends the Cavendish Academy, "a middle-class school", not a "board school",) in Hastings in East Sussex. "By inherent nature he had a sociable disposition", and he befriends Sid Pornick, the son of a neighbour. Kipps also falls in love with Sid's younger sister, Ann. Ann gives him half a sixpence as a token of their love when, at 14, he is apprenticed to the Folkestone Drapery Bazaar, run by Mr Shalford.
The Pornicks move away and Kipps forgets Ann. He becomes infatuated with Helen Walshingham, who teaches a woodcarving class on Thursday nights. Chitterlow, an actor and aspiring playwright, meets Kipps by running into him with his bicycle, and they have a drunken evening together that leads to Kipps being "swapped" (dismissed) from his job. Chitterlow then brings to his attention a newspaper advertisement that leads to an unexpected inheritance for Kipps from his grandfather of a house and 26,000 pounds.
In Book II, "Mr Coote the Chaperon", Kipps fails in his attempt to adapt to his new position in the social hierarchy of Folkestone. By chance he meets a Mr Coote, who undertakes his social education. That leads to renewed contact with Helen Walshingham, and they become engaged. However, the process of bettering himself alienates Kipps more and more, especially since Helen makes it clear that she wants to take advantage of Kipps's fortune to establish herself and her brother in London society. Chance meetings with Sid, who has become a socialist, and then with Ann, who is now a housemaid, lead Kipps to abandon social conventions and his engagement to Helen, and marry his childhood sweetheart.
In Book III, "Kippses", the attempt to find a house suitable to his new status precipitates Kipps back into a struggle with the "complex and difficult" English social system. Kipps and Ann quarrel. Then they learn that Helen's brother, a solicitor, has lost most of their fortune through speculation. That leads to a happier situation when Kipps opens a branch of the Associated Booksellers' Trading Union (Limited) in Hythe and they have a son. The success of Chitterlow's play, in which Kipps has invested 2,000 pounds, restores their fortune, but they are content to remain shopkeepers in a small coastal town.
Themes
Kipps is a rags-to-riches study in class differences, and the novel's chief dramatic interest is in how the protagonist negotiates the intellectual, moral and emotional difficulties that come with wealth and a change of social status. Kipps is the only character in the novel who is fully developed and all events are narrated from his point of view. A narrator's voice offers occasional comments, but only towards the end of the novel does this voice speak out in a page-long denunciation of "the ruling power of this land, Stupidity," which is "a monster, a lumpish monster, like some great clumsy griffin thing, like the Crystal Palace labyrinthodon, like Coote, like the leaden Goddess of the Dunciad, like some fat, proud flunkey, like pride, like indolence, like all that is darkening and heavy and obstructive in life".
Kipps's friend Sid becomes a socialist and houses a boarder, Masterman, who argues that society "is hopelessly out of joint. Man is a social animal with a mind nowadays that goes around the globe, and a community cannot be happy in one part and unhappy in another.... Society is one body, and it is either well or ill. That's the law. This society we live in is ill." However, while Kipps admires Masterman and is in part receptive to his point of view, he tells Ann that "I don't agree with this socialism." At one time Wells intended to develop Masterman into a major character who would convert Kipps to socialism, and he wrote several versions in which he played an important role at the end of the novel.
The speech of Artie Kipps is a careful rendering of the pronunciation of the English language as Wells first learned it. Kipps never masters another way of speaking, and after much effort he reverts to the manner of his upbringing: "'Speckylated it!' said Kipps, with an illustrative flourish of the arm that failed to illustrate. 'Bort things dear and sold 'em cheap, and played the 'ankey-pankey jackass with everything we got. That's what I mean 'e's done, Ann.'"
Writing and publication
Wells worked on Kipps for seven years, completing a draft entitled The Wealth of Mr Waddy in January 1899 and finishing the novel as it now exists in May 1904. Kipps changed considerably over this period of extended drafting: the manuscript, now in the Wells Archive at the University of Illinois, consists of more than 6,000 sheets, and includes, in the words of Harris Wilson, "literally scores of false starts, digressions, and abandoned episodes."
In the finished novel Book 1 and Book 2 are of roughly comparable lengths, but Book 3 is much shorter. This disproportion reflects the fact that originally the third Book contained an extended episode in which the consumptive socialist Masterman visits Kipps in Hythe and dies slowly, lecturing about revolution as he goes and speculating about the possibilities of utopian communism. Critics have praised Wells for cutting this episode, whilst also seeing it as a sign of things to come in his writing career: "Wells, in this episode, slips into the discursive and didactic; his characters are almost forgotten as they expound his own social ideas and criticism ... [it is] Wells's first substantial attempt, and acknowledged failure, since he left it out, to reconcile narrative and ideology."
Wells was eager for the novel to succeed, and he harassed his publisher, Macmillan, with ideas for unorthodox publicity stunts, such as sending men with sandwich boards into the theatre district in the West End of London, or posters saying "Kipps Worked Here" outside Portsmouth & Southsea Railway Station.
Reception
Though Kipps eventually became one of Wells's most successful novels, at first it was slow to sell. While 12,000 copies had been sold by the end of 1905, more than a quarter of a million had been sold by the 1920s.
The novel received high praise from Henry James, but Arnold Bennett complained that it showed "ferocious hostility to about five-sixths of the characters".
Wells's biographer David C. Smith calls the novel "a masterpiece" and argued that with Kipps, The History of Mr Polly, and Tono-Bungay, Wells "is able to claim a permanent place in English fiction, close to Dickens, because of the extraordinary humanity of some of the characters, but also because of his ability to invoke a place, a class, a social scene."
Adaptations
Kipps has been adapted for other media several times.
In 1912 Wells and Rudolf Besier adapted it for the stage.
In 1921 there was a silent film version set in Folkestone, and (for the final scene) shot on location in Canterbury and partly at the Savoy Hotel. Wells was an extra in the film.
The 1941 film adaptation starred Michael Redgrave in the title role.
The eight-part television serial by Granada Television, with Brian Murray as Kipps, was shown on the ITV network between 14 October and 2 December 1960; it no longer exists.
The stage musical Half a Sixpence by David Heneker and Beverley Cross, based on Kipps, was originally mounted in the West End of London as a star vehicle for Tommy Steele and transferred to Broadway with Steele in the 1965–1966 season. It was filmed in 1967, again with Steele in the starring role.
In 1984 Michelene Wandor dramatised Kipps in five parts for BBC Radio 4, starring Paul Daneman as the narrator (referred to as "H.G. Wells"), Mark Straker as Kipps and Nickolas Grace as Chitterlow.
A second BBC Radio 4 adaptation, by Mike Walker, this time in two parts, was broadcast in May 2006, starring Bryan Dick as Kipps, Donald Sumpter as Kipps's Uncle" and Deborah Findlay as Kipps's Aunt.
References
External links
Novels by H. G. Wells
Plays by Rudolf Besier
1905 British novels
British novels adapted into films
Novels set in Kent
Novels about orphans
The 1939–40 Norwegian Ice Hockey Championship season was the sixth season of ice hockey in Norway. 14 teams participated in the league, and Grane won the championship.
Results
First round
Grane
Stabekk - Forward 3:1
Bygdø - Ready 2:6
B14 - Frisk 1:2
Frogner - Holmen 1:3
Gjøa - Furuset 0:4
Strong - Heming 1:0
Hasle
Second round
Grane - Stabekk 5:1
Ready - Frisk 4:3
Holmen - Furuset 5:2
Strong - Hasle 0:2
Semifinals
Grane - Ready 4:0
Holmen - Hasle 1:3
Final
Grane - Hasle 1:0
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1939–40 in Norwegian ice hockey
The Edge of Forever may refer to:
"The Edge of Forever" (The Dream Academy song), a song by The Dream Academy
"The Edge of Forever", a song by the band Symphony X from their album The Damnation Game
"The Edge of Forever", a song by Richard Marx in the album Days in Avalon
Live on the Edge of Forever, the first live album by the band Symphony X
"The City on the Edge of Forever", a Star Trek episode written by Harlan Ellison
"The Edge of Forever", an episode of Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
Al-Habbaniya Sport Club (), is an Iraqi football team based in Al-Habbaniya, Al-Anbar, that plays in Iraq Division Two.
Managerial history
Hadi Salih Al-Azzawy
Yasser Salman
Saad Nasser
Qusay Khamis
Shaker Mohammed Sabbar
See also
2021–22 Iraq FA Cup
References
External links
Al-Habbaniya SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
1991 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 1991
Football clubs in Al-Anbar
Snoddington is a small hamlet in Hampshire and close to the border of Wiltshire near to Thruxton Aerodrome and first mentioned in the eleventh century in the Domesday Book.
The hamlet is surrounded by agricultural downlands and has become part of the South of England urban sprawl being largely inhabited by commuters. Local facilities are limited with no local shop. Likewise the absence of public transport links requires that local inhabitants own at least one vehicle for the purposes of shopping in local supermarkets. The hamlet is part of the parish of Shipton Bellinger where local Church of England worshippers repair to St Peters Parish Church for Sunday services.
Snoddington Manor House is first mentioned in Domesday Book and has a long history of occupancy passing through a number of different families.
In a "History of Hampshire" a limited history is offered:
The manor of SNODDINGTON belonged before the Conquest to Tovi and at the time of the Domesday Survey to Hugh de Port, tenant-in-chief. (fn. 38) It was held in the 13th century of Robert de Pont de L'Arche, lord of Newton Valence, and by him of Robert St. John, a descendant of Hugh de Port. (fn. 39) The overlordship of the St. John family subsequently lapsed, and the manor was held henceforward as of the manor of Newton Valence (q.v.) by suit of court and the service due from the fourth part of a knight's fee. (fn. 40)
At the beginning of the 13th century Thomas de Port and Margery de Cundy held jointly of Robert de St. John the fourth part of a knight's fee in Snoddington, (fn. 41) and a century later, in 1305, Gilbert Cundy held the same land, valued at 60s., of Aymer de Valence. (fn. 42) However, before 1316, Snoddington had come into the possession of Ingram Berenger, (fn. 43) lord of Shipton Bellinger, who two years later obtained from Thomas Harengod and Eleanor his wife (fn. 44) a quitclaim of all their rights in two messuages and 2 carucates of land in Snoddington for a rent of £5 during the life of Eleanor. (fn. 45) From this date the manor followed almost exactly the descent of Shipton Bellinger (fn. 46) (q.v.) until 1466, when Robert Bodenham died seised only of the reversion of the manor. This right passed to his infant grandson and heir Richard, son of his son Robert, (fn. 47) who as soon as he came into possession evidently sold the manor, probably to pay his grandfather's debts, to Tristram Fauntleroy, (fn. 48) a younger son of the Dorset family of that name. Tristram died in 1538, leaving a son and heir Brian, (fn. 49) whose son Henry held the manor until his death in 1578. (fn. 50) His heir was his son William, (fn. 51) who evidently died in a few years without issue, since his brother Henry was returned as the heir of his father Henry in 1589. (fn. 52) From this date the descent of the manor is unknown until the beginning of the 18th century, when it was in the possession of Richard Bird. Elizabeth, daughter and heir of Richard, brought Snoddington in marriage to Ralph Etwall of Andover, and the manor continued in the Etwall family until 1885. when Mr. William Etwall sold it to Mr. William H. Alexander. (fn. 53) The latter dying in 1905 devised the manor by will to Mr. H. C. Formby, B.A., J.P., the present owner. (fn. 54)
Notes and references
Villages in Hampshire
Pawee Tanthatemee (, born 22 October 1996) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Thai League 1 club Ratchaburi Mitr Phol and the Thailand national team.
International career
In June 2019.he was in the squad of Thailand for 2019 King's Cup.
In 2021 he was called up by Thailand national team for the 2020 AFF Championship.
Career statistics
International
International goals
Under-21
Honours
International
Thailand
AFF Championship (1): 2020
Thailand U-21
Nations Cup (1): 2016
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Pawee Tanthatemee
Association football defenders
Pawee Tanthatemee
Pawee Tanthatemee
Pawee Tanthatemee
Pawee Tanthatemee
Footballers at the 2018 Asian Games
Pawee Tanthatemee
Pawee Tanthatemee
Not Negotiable is a 1918 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Julian Royce, Manora Thew and Gregory Scott.
Cast
Julian Royce ... John Carslake
Manora Thew ... Dorothy Saville
Gregory Scott ... Claude Saville
Hubert Woodward ... James Coglan
Arthur Walcott
Helen Haye
References
External links
1918 films
Films directed by Walter West
1918 crime films
British crime films
British silent feature films
Broadwest films
British black-and-white films
1910s English-language films
1910s British films
The 1998 Arkansas gubernatorial election took place on November 3, 1998 for the post of Governor of Arkansas. Incumbent Republican governor Mike Huckabee defeated Democratic nominee Bill Bristow to win a full term in office. , this was the last time Pulaski County, Jefferson County, Crittenden County, and Phillips County voted for the Republican candidate.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bill Bristow, attorney
Dirk Anderson, farmer
Johnny Hoyt, state representative
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Mike Huckabee, incumbent Governor of Arkansas
Gene McVay, army colonel
Results
General election
Campaign
In the beginning of the race, it was suspected that Republican nominee, incumbent governor Mike Huckabee would have to face a hard-fought election. Huckabee had assumed the office of governor in July 1996 after Jim Guy Tucker resigned over implications of his involvement in the Whitewater affair. Because Huckabee had not yet been elected to the post, and the aftermath of Tucker's resignation had temporarily tarnished the title of Governor, it was deemed the Democratic challenger, Jonesboro attorney Bill Bristow, would be of worthy competition. However, Huckabee's appeal as an honest Southern Baptist minister in the wake of scandal and his brief but high-profile experience opposed to Bristow's lack thereof made him a much more attractive candidate amongst the Arkansas electorate. His well-funded grassroots campaign across all portions of the state and Bristow's lack of support from the Democratic Party, which was more focused on Blanche Lincoln's U.S. Senate race, enabled him to soar in the polls. On election day, Huckabee won the election with nearly 60% of the vote, the largest margin for any Republican Governor of Arkansas since Reconstruction till Asa Hutchinson's 2018 election performance of 65.3%.
According to a CNN exit poll, Huckabee received 48% of the African-American vote in his 1998 election; but some experts have questioned whether those numbers are a representative sample on how he did on the whole in the election.
Results
References
1998
Arkansas
Gubernatorial
Mike Huckabee
Tony Linfjärd, born 1963 in Gothenburg, is a Swedish guitarist, composer and music producer. He has, as a composer on demand, mainly composed and produced music for large-scale companies such as IKEA and Volvo, but also for drama, i.e. the children's movie Flickan och dimman ('The Girl and the Mist'). In his own production company Blue Ball Music, Tony Linfjärd has released several music albums in his own name, and his music on demand has been awarded both nationally and internationally.
Discography (in selection)
In his own name
2014 – Evergreen 2
2013 – Evergreen
2010 – In My Own Sweet Way
2001 – The Divine Comedy of Dante
1997 – Projects 1990–1996
1995 – Take Off
1990 – One
Production music for film
2006 – Jazz, Jazz, Jazz ...
1996 – Top Gear
Sources
Swedish Film Database
IMDb
Notes
External links
Official Website
Swedish guitarists
Male guitarists
Swedish composers
Swedish male composers
1963 births
Living people
People from Gothenburg
Swedish male musicians
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C12H16N2}}
The molecular formula C12H16N2 (molar mass: 188.26 g/mol, exact mass: 188.131349 u) may refer to:
Dimethyltryptamine
α,N-DMT
2,α-DMT, a tryptamine
N-Ethyltryptamine
α-Ethyltryptamine, a tryptamine
Fenproporex
Ipidacrine
4-Methyl-AMT
RJR-2429
Joan of Arc Kissing the Sword of Deliverance is a 1863 painting by the English artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti. It was bought for the Strasbourg Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art (MAMCS) at the Piccadilly Gallery in 1996, as the first Rossetti painting ever bought by a French museum. Its inventory number is 55.996.8.1.
The model for the painting has a noticeably big chin and strong neck. She may have been a Mrs. Beyer from Germany, or an acquaintance of Rossetti's named Agnes Manetti. The painting is on permanent loan from the MAMCS to the Musée des Beaux-Arts in Palais Rohan.
References
External links
Paintings in the collection of the Strasbourg Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art
Paintings in the collection of the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg
Paintings by Dante Gabriel Rossetti
1863 paintings
Cultural depictions of Joan of Arc
Oil on canvas paintings
The 1978 Enfield Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Enfield London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
Kandha (, also Romanized as Kandhā and Kandehā; also known as Gandāb, Kendāb, and Qandāb) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
Ladakh Chale Rickshawala is a 64-minute Indian film helmed by Indrani Chakraborty about Satyen Das' exploration of Ladakh from Kolkata on his rickshaw, a three-wheeled passenger cart. The documentary drama was released in February 2019. Music directed by Amit Bose and Yash Gupta.
Synopsis
In 2014, Satyen Das, a 44-year old rickshaw puller from Kolkata, India undertook the 65-day long 3,000 km long journey from Kolkata to Ladakh on his three-wheeled passenger cart. Das traveled through Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Kargil and Srinagar to reach Ladakh.
Awards
2018: Best Exploration / Adventure Film, National Film Awards
References
2019 documentary films
Indian docudrama films
Ladakh
2019 films
Viviane de Queiroz Pereira (born October 17, 1994), better known by her stage name Pocah and formerly as MC Pocahontas, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter.
Biography
Viviane de Queiroz Pereira was born in Queimados, Rio de Janeiro on October 17, 1994, and raised in Duque de Caxias. The daughter of Marines de Queiroz and Leonardo Pereira, she is of African, Portuguese and Native Brazilian descent. Prior to her musical career, she worked as a manicure at her mother's beauty salon. Her first contact with music was accompanying her older brother on tours with his rock band when she was 12 years old, and during her high school years she was introduced to funk carioca.
She officially began her career in 2012 releasing the song "Mulher do Poder", which reached over 11 million views on YouTube and was considered a landmark in the then-blooming funk ostentação scene. Her posterior stage name, "MC Pocahontas", came from her physical resemblance to the eponymous Disney character. As the 2010s went by, MC Pocahontas released collaborations with Naiara Azevedo and Dani Russo ("Ó Quem Voltou", which had a music video produced by KondZilla which reached over 6.9 million views), and MC Mirella ("Quer Mais?"); both collaborations were certified Double Platinum and Diamond by Pro-Música Brasil, respectively.
In 2017, rapper Future used a sample of Pocahontas' voice on the song "Fresh Air" off his album Hndrxx. The song was later used by Kylie Jenner in a make-up tutorial.
In early 2019 Pocahontas signed with Warner Music Group, changing her stage name to Pocah to avoid copyright infringement allegations from Disney. Her first release for the label, "Não Sou Obrigada", came out in April; described as an "ode to women's empowerment", it reached over 11 million views on YouTube and 35 million streamings on Spotify.
In January 2021 she was announced as one of the participants of the 21st season of the reality show Big Brother Brasil; on April 29 she became the 15th contestant to be evicted.
Personal life
From 2014 to 2016 Pocah was married to her manager and fellow funk singer Matheus Vargas, known as MC Rouba Cena, with whom she had a daughter, Victória (born 2016). In August 2019 she began a relationship with promoter Ronan Souza, a former boyfriend of Anitta. Later on December they registered their domestic partnership.
Pocah is openly bisexual; she first came out when she was 13 years old. In a 2020 interview for magazine ISTOÉ, she also described herself as a feminist.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Brazilian singer-songwriters
People from Rio de Janeiro (state)
Funk carioca musicians
Brazilian women pop singers
Brazilian pop singers
Afro-Brazilian women singers
21st-century Brazilian singers
21st-century Brazilian women singers
Afro-Brazilian feminists
Brazilian female models
Afro-Brazilian female models
Brazilian people of indigenous peoples descent
Brazilian people of African descent
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian women singer-songwriters
Big Brother (franchise) contestants
Big Brother Brasil
Bisexual women
Bisexual musicians
LGBT singers from Brazil
LGBT songwriters
LGBT Afro-Brazilians
Feminist musicians
LGBT people in Latin music
Women in Latin music
The Palais Apponyi is a palatial building in the district of Wieden in Vienna, Austria. Its address is Johann-Strauss-Gasse 7.
It was built in 1880 on plans from Viktor Rumpelmayer for Countess Margarita Apponyi, wife of Count Lajos Apponyi. It is now the seat of Burschenschaft Albia, an academic fraternity.
Further reading
Dehio-Handbuch, die Kunstdenkmäler Österreichs. Topographisches Denkmälerinventar. Abteilung: Vienna. Band 2: Wolfgang Czerny: II. bis IX. und XX. Bezirk. Neubearbeitung. Schroll, Vienna u. a. 1993, , S. 176.
References
Apponyi family
Buildings and structures in Wieden
Dawn E. Arnold is a Canadian politician, who was elected mayor of Moncton, New Brunswick in the 2016 municipal election. She is the city's first female mayor.
Prior to winning the mayoralty, Arnold served a term on Moncton City Council as a city councillor at large, and was the chair of the city's Frye Festival.
References
Mayors of Moncton
Moncton city councillors
Women mayors of places in New Brunswick
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Högbom Outcrops () are rocks rising to about at the eastern side of the terminus of Schimper Glacier in the Herbert Mountains of the Shackleton Range, Antarctica. They were photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy, 1967, and surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey, 1968–71. In association with the names of glacial geologists grouped in this area, the feature was named in 1971 by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Arvid Högbom (1857–1940), a Swedish geologist who made important contributions to the glacial geology of northern Sweden.
References
Rock formations of Antarctica
Landforms of Coats Land
Guillem de Ribes (c. 1140 – c. 1220) was a Catalan nobleman and troubadour, that is, a composer of music and lyric verse in the Old Occitan language. None of his works survive and he is known as a troubadour only from a single reference to him in a song by another troubadour
Guillem was the son of Arnau de Ribes and younger brother of Ponç I de Ribes. The family were vassals of the Bishop of Barcelona. His father, a warrior, left the administration of the family castle, Sant Pere de Ribes, in the hands of his younger brother, Ramon I, for long periods and it was Ramon who inherited it after Arnau's death in 1168. Ponç, a warrior like his father, took over the lordship of the castle only after Ramon's death in 1180. He was absent for long periods and the actual administration was mainly in the hands of Guillem.
In 1190, Ponç pawned Ribes to his brother in order to finance and personally oversee the defence of the castle of Miralpeix (now part of Sitges), held by one of his vassals, when it came under siege by two rivals, Berenguer de Castellet and Eymerich de Espiells. The castle was taken in an assault and partially destroyed. In a lawsuit brought against Guillem in the early 1200s, it was alleged that he had deliberately impeded the defence of the castle to his own benefit. He was succeeded by his nephew, Ponç II.
The troubadour Peire d'Alvernhe composed a song satirizing twelve contemporary troubadours. It was probably first performed for the entourage of Eleanor, daughter of Henry II of England and fiancée of Alfonso VIII of Castile, while it was passing through Gascony on its way to Castile in 1173. It is likely that the twelve targets of Peire's satire were present in the entourage at the time. Guillem is the fifth target:
Guillem's active career as a troubadour can be placed in the early 1170s, when he was about thirty years old and before he had inherited the family castle.
Notes
Catalan nobility
12th-century Spanish troubadours
Poets from Catalonia
Duchess of Rutland is a title given to the wife of the Duke of Rutland, an extant title in the peerage of England which was created in 1703.
People
Catherine Wriothesley Noel (1657–1733), third wife of the 1st Duke
Catherine Russell (1676–1711), first wife of the 2nd Duke
Lady Lucy Sherard (1685–1751), second wife of the 2nd Duke
The Hon. Bridget Sutton (1699–1734), wife the 3rd Duke
Lady Mary Isabella Somerset (1756–1831), wife of the 4th Duke
Lady Elizabeth Howard (1780–1825), wife of the 5th Duke
Janetta Hughan (1837–1899), second wife of the 7th Duke
Marion Margaret Violet Lindsay (1856–1937), wife of the 8th Duke
Kathleen Tennant (1894–1989), wife of the 9th Duke
Anne Bairstow Cumming-Bell (1924–2002), first wife of the 10th Duke
Frances Helen Sweeny (b. 1937), second wife of the 10th Duke
Emma L J Watkins (b. 1963), wife of David Manners, 11th Duke of Rutland
Ships
Two ships have been named Duchess of Rutland:
Duchess of Rutland (1786 ship)
Duchess of Rutland (1799 ship)
References
A quasiprobability distribution is a mathematical object similar to a probability distribution but which relaxes some of Kolmogorov's axioms of probability theory. Quasiprobabilities share several of general features with ordinary probabilities, such as, crucially, the ability to yield expectation values with respect to the weights of the distribution. They can however violate the σ-additivity axiom: integrating them over does not necessarily yield probabilities of mutually exclusive states. Indeed, quasiprobability distributions also counterintuitively have regions of negative probability density, contradicting the first axiom. Quasiprobability distributions arise naturally in the study of quantum mechanics when treated in phase space formulation, commonly used in quantum optics, time-frequency analysis, and elsewhere.
Introduction
In the most general form, the dynamics of a quantum-mechanical system are determined by a master equation in Hilbert space: an equation of motion for the density operator (usually written ) of the system. The density operator is defined with respect to a complete orthonormal basis. Although it is possible to directly integrate this equation for very small systems (i.e., systems with few particles or degrees of freedom), this quickly becomes intractable for larger systems. However, it is possible to prove that the density operator can always be written in a diagonal form, provided that it is with respect to an overcomplete basis. When the density operator is represented in such an overcomplete basis, then it can be written in a manner more resembling of an ordinary function, at the expense that the function has the features of a quasiprobability distribution. The evolution of the system is then completely determined by the evolution of the quasiprobability distribution function.
The coherent states, i.e. right eigenstates of the annihilation operator serve as the overcomplete basis in the construction described above. By definition, the coherent states have the following property:
They also have some additional interesting properties. For example, no two coherent states are orthogonal. In fact, if |α〉 and |β〉 are a pair of coherent states, then
Note that these states are, however, correctly normalized with〈α | α〉 = 1. Owing to the completeness of the basis of Fock states, the choice of the basis of coherent states must be overcomplete. Click to show an informal proof.
In the coherent states basis, however, it is always possible to express the density operator in the diagonal form
where f is a representation of the phase space distribution. This function f is considered a quasiprobability density because it has the following properties:
(normalization)
If is an operator that can be expressed as a power series of the creation and annihilation operators in an ordering Ω, then its expectation value is
(optical equivalence theorem).
The function f is not unique. There exists a family of different representations, each connected to a different ordering Ω. The most popular in the general physics literature and historically first of these is the Wigner quasiprobability distribution, which is related to symmetric operator ordering. In quantum optics specifically, often the operators of interest, especially the particle number operator, is naturally expressed in normal order. In that case, the corresponding representation of the phase space distribution is the Glauber–Sudarshan P representation. The quasiprobabilistic nature of these phase space distributions is best understood in the representation because of the following key statement:
This sweeping statement is unavailable in other representations. For example, the Wigner function of the EPR state is positive definite but has no classical analog.
In addition to the representations defined above, there are many other quasiprobability distributions that arise in alternative representations of the phase space distribution. Another popular representation is the Husimi Q representation, which is useful when operators are in anti-normal order. More recently, the positive representation and a wider class of generalized representations have been used to solve complex problems in quantum optics. These are all equivalent and interconvertible to each other, viz. Cohen's class distribution function.
Characteristic functions
Analogous to probability theory, quantum quasiprobability distributions
can be written in terms of characteristic functions,
from which all operator expectation values can be derived. The characteristic
functions for the Wigner, Glauber P and Q distributions of an N mode system
are as follows:
Here and are vectors containing the annihilation and creation operators for each mode
of the system. These characteristic functions can be used to directly evaluate expectation values of operator moments. The ordering of the annihilation and creation operators in these moments is specific to the particular characteristic function. For instance, normally ordered (annihilation operators preceding creation operators) moments can be evaluated in the following way from :
In the same way, expectation values of anti-normally ordered and symmetrically ordered combinations of annihilation and creation operators can be evaluated from the characteristic functions for the Q and Wigner distributions, respectively. The quasiprobability functions themselves are defined as Fourier transforms of the above characteristic functions. That is,
Here and may be identified as coherent state amplitudes in the case of the Glauber P and Q distributions, but simply c-numbers for the Wigner function. Since differentiation in normal space becomes multiplication in Fourier space, moments can be calculated from these functions in the following way:
Here denotes symmetric ordering.
These representations are all interrelated through convolution by Gaussian functions, Weierstrass transforms,
or, using the property that convolution is associative,
Time evolution and operator correspondences
Since each of the above transformations from to the distribution functions is linear, the equation of motion for each distribution can be obtained by performing the same transformations to . Furthermore, as any master equation which can be expressed in Lindblad form is completely described by the action of combinations of annihilation and creation operators on the density operator, it is useful to consider the effect such operations have on each of the quasiprobability functions.
For instance, consider the annihilation operator acting on . For the characteristic function of the P distribution we have
Taking the Fourier transform with respect to to find the
action corresponding action on the Glauber P function, we find
By following this procedure for each of the above distributions, the following
operator correspondences can be identified:
Here or 1 for P, Wigner, and Q distributions, respectively. In this way, master equations can be expressed as an equation of
motion of quasiprobability functions.
Examples
Coherent state
By construction, P for a coherent state is simply a delta function:
The Wigner and Q representations follows immediately from the Gaussian convolution formulas above:
The Husimi representation can also be found using the formula above for the inner product of two coherent states:
Fock state
The P representation of a Fock state is
Since for n>0 this is more singular than a delta function, a Fock state has no classical analog. The non-classicality is less transparent as one proceeds with the Gaussian convolutions. If Ln is the nth Laguerre polynomial, W is
which can go negative but is bounded. Q always remains positive and bounded:
Damped quantum harmonic oscillator
Consider the damped quantum harmonic oscillator with the following master equation:
This results in the Fokker–Planck equation
where κ = 0, 1/2, 1 for the P, W, and Q representations, respectively. If the system is initially in the coherent state , then this has the solution
References
Particle distributions
Quantum optics
Exotic probabilities
This is a list of places, buildings, roads and other things named for King Hussein. It is divided by category, though each item's location is noted in the entry.
Hospitals
King Hussein Cancer Center
King Hussein Medical Center
Airports
King Hussein International Airport
Lists of things named after people
Cellular may refer to:
Cellular automaton, a model in discrete mathematics
Cell biology, the evaluation of cells work and more
Cellular (film), a 2004 movie
Cellular frequencies, assigned to networks operating in cellular RF bands
Cellular manufacturing
Cellular network, cellular radio networks
U.S. Cellular Field, also known as "The Cell", a baseball stadium in Chicago
U.S. Cellular Arena, an arena in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Terms such as cellular organization, cellular structure, cellular system, and so on may refer to:
Cell biology, the evaluation of how cells work and more
Cellular communication networks, systems for allowing communication through mobile phones and other mobile devices
Cellular organizational structures, methods of human organization in social groups
Clandestine cell organizations, entities organized to commit crimes, acts of terror, or other malicious activities
See also
Cell (disambiguation)
Rev. Alfred Courthope Benson Bellerby (26 January 1888 – 10 April 1979) was a British athlete and educator. He competed in the men's long jump and the men's high jump at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He was the son of organist Edward Johnson Bellerby. He was an Army chaplain during the First World War. He was headmaster of King Edward's School, Witley, (1926–1951) and Governor of St Lawrence College, Ramsgate.
References
External links
1888 births
1979 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
British male long jumpers
British male high jumpers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
People from Margate
Olympic male high jumpers
20th-century English Anglican priests
Catuabines are a group of tropane alkaloids, isolated from Erythroxylum vaccinifolium, which are used in the preparation of the drug Catuaba (which in traditional Brazilian medicine is purported to be an aphrodisiac and central nervous system stimulant, though such claims have not been substantiated). While catuabine A, B and C were isolated and characterized by Graf and Lude (1977, 1978), catuabine D was recently isolated by Zanolari et al. The catuabines are not known to have any physiological effects, this is in contrast to cocaine, which is an active constituent of another species, Erythroxylum coca.
See also
Hygrine
Cuscohygrine
References
Glasl, S.; Presser, A.; Werner, I.; Haslinger, E.; Jurenitsch, J. (2003): Tropane alkaloids from a Brazilian bark traded as "Catuaba". Scientia Pharmaceutica Vol. 71: 113-119. (, CODEN SCPHA4).
Glasl, S.; Presser, A.; Werner, I.; Haslinger, E.; Jurenitsch, J. (2004): Erratum to Tropane alkaloids from a Brazilian bark traded as "Catuaba". Scientia Pharmaceutica Vol. 72: 97. (, CODEN SCPHA4).
Graf, E.; Lude, W (1977): Alkaloids from Erythroxylum vacciniifolium Martius, 1. pt. Isolation of catuabine A, B and C. Archiv der Pharmazie (Weinheim) Vol. 310(12): 1005-1010. (, CODEN ARPMAS).
Graf, E.; Lude, W. (1978): Alkaloids from Erythroxylum vacciniifolium Martius, 2. pt. The structures of catuabine A, B and C. Archiv der Pharmazie (Weinheim) Vol. 311(2): 139-152. (, CODEN ARPMAS).
Zanolari, B.; Wolfeneder, J.L.; Guilet, D.; Marston, A.; Queiroz, E.F.; Paulo, M.Q.; Hostettmann, K. (2003): On-line identification of tropane alkaloids from Erythroxylum vacciniifolium by liquid chromatography-UV detection-multiple mass spectrometry and liquid chromatography-nuclear magnetic resonance spectrometry. Journal of Chromatogragraphy Vol. 1020A: 75-89. (, CODEN JCRAEY).
Zanolari, B.; Guilet, D.; Marston, A.; Queiroz, E.F.; de Queiroz Paulo, M.; Hostettmann, K. (2003): Tropane alkaloids from the bark of Erythroxylum vacciniifolium. Journal of Natural Products Vol. 66(4): 497-502. (, CODEN JNPRDF).
Zanolari, B.; Guilet, D.; Marston, A.; Queiroz, E.F.; de Queiroz Paulo, M.; Hostettmann, K. (2005): Methylpyrrole tropane alkaloids from the bark of Erythroxylum vacciniifolium. Journal of Natural Products Vol. 68(8): 1153-1158. (, CODEN JNPRDF).
Tropane alkaloids
Alkaloids found in Erythroxylum
Tygodnik Cieszyński ("Cieszyn Weekly") was a weekly Polish magazine published in Cieszyn (Teschen) in 1848–1851. It was the first local magazine in Cieszyn Silesia, and the oldest Polish magazine in Cieszyn Silesia.
The first issue appeared on 6 May 1848. The publisher was Ludwik Klucki, first editor was Andrzej Cinciała, who was in August replaced by Paweł Stalmach. The first article of the first issue of Tygodnik Cieszyński began with words:
Stalmach aimed to enlighten and emancipate the people of Cieszyn Silesia and to spread national consciousness among Poles. He however adopted the austroslavist stances to avoid the conflict with the Habsburg monarchy.
In 1849 Baron Alexander von Bach became the Minister of the Interior of the Austrian Empire and began to implement absolutist policies, including reducing the freedom of the press. Tygodnik Cieszyński suffered from new Austrian policies and the last issue appeared on 15 February 1851. The magazine was transformed into Gwiazdka Cieszyńska which appeared from 1851 to 1939.
Footnotes
References
1848 establishments in the Austrian Empire
1851 disestablishments in the Austrian Empire
Defunct magazines published in Poland
Local interest magazines
Magazines established in 1848
Magazines disestablished in 1851
Mass media in Cieszyn
Polish-language magazines
News magazines published in Poland
Weekly magazines published in Poland
19th-century establishments in Poland
Walter L. Davis (born July 2, 1979) is an American athlete competing in the triple jump and occasionally in the long jump. He was born in Lafayette, Louisiana
Davis won the 2005 World Outdoor and 2006 World Indoor Championships.
However, his greatest claim to fame may have occurred in the 2004 Olympic Trials, where in the later rounds of the final he put in an extraordinary jump, during the landing phase of which he lost control, with his foot hitting the sand a significant distance behind his rump, which is the usual area of the body which lands first in the sand. The jump had to be measured from first body contact with the sand, the foot, which was an official 17.63m. The distance of the jump to where his rump landed in the sand was at least 18 m from video analysis.
Davis was a member of the Louisiana State University track and field team.
In the period from July 2012 to 2013, he missed three mandatory drug tests. This resulted in a one-year ban from the sport.
Achievements
2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships - gold medal
2005 World Championships in Athletics - gold medal
2004 Summer Olympics - 11th place
2003 IAAF World Indoor Championships - silver medal
2003 World Championships in Athletics - seventh place (long jump)
2001 World Championships in Athletics - fifth place
1st IAAF World Athletics Final - second place
References
External links
Walter Davis at the U.S. Olympic Team
1979 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lafayette, Louisiana
Track and field athletes from Louisiana
American male triple jumpers
African-American male track and field athletes
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
World Athletics Championships medalists
LSU Tigers track and field athletes
American sportspeople in doping cases
Doping cases in athletics
Junior college men's track and field athletes in the United States
Barton Cougars men's track and field athletes
World Athletics Indoor Championships winners
World Athletics Championships winners
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Pavla Havlíková (born 20 April 1983) is a Czech professional racing cyclist.
Career highlights
2004: 3rd in National Championship, Road, Elite, Czech Republic (F) (CZE)
2006: 2nd in National Championship, Road, Elite, Czech Republic (F), Bratislava (CZE)
2007: 3rd in National Championship, Road, Elite, Czech Republic (F), Brno (CZE)
2007: 1st in Plzeň, Cyclo-cross (F) (CZE)
2007: 1st in Gieten, Cyclo-cross (F) (NED)
2007: 1st in Nommay, Cyclo-cross (F) (FRA)
2008: 3rd in Surhuisterveen Centrumcross (F) (NED)
2009/2010: 10th in UCI Cyclo-cross World Cup
External links
1983 births
Living people
Czech female cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Scott Alan Fulhage (born November 17, 1961) is a former National Football League punter who played for the Cincinnati Bengals from 1987 to 1988 and the Atlanta Falcons from 1989 to 1992.
College career
Scott played college football at Kansas State University and is one of four players to be the starting punter four years straight.
Professional career
Scott Fulhage went undrafted in 1987 after a very successful college career and was signed in the off season by the Cincinnati Bengals. Fulhage was part of the 1988 Cincinnati Bengals team that made a run to Super Bowl XXIII, where the Bengals fell to the San Francisco 49ers 20-16. In the Super Bowl, Fulhage punted 5 times for 221 yards. Fulhage was considered one of the most consistent punters in 1989, leading the NFC with 24 punts inside the opponents' 20-yard line, and finishing third in the NFL with 84 attempts. In 6 years of playing in the NFL, Fulhage successfully completed one fake punt against the San Francisco 49ers, a 12-yard pass for a successful first down, in the 1989 season during his time with the Atlanta Falcons. Fulhage is also credited with two rushing attempts, during the 1989 and 1992 seasons, but gained a total of 0 yards. Although he started with a slow career he picked up the pace. The remainder of his statistics show consistency and a solid history as a punter, with only one fumble in those six years. He played in 88 games, punted 399 times for a total of 16,513 yards (averaging just over 41 yards per punt) with a long of 65 yards.
References
1961 births
Living people
People from Beloit, Kansas
Players of American football from Kansas
American football punters
Kansas State Wildcats football players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Atlanta Falcons players
National Football League replacement players
McPherson Cemetery is a cemetery located in Clyde, Ohio, United States. McPherson Cemetery is known for being the burial place of the Union Army General James B. McPherson, for whom the cemetery is named.
History
In 2014, the 150th anniversary of McPherson's funeral was held at McPherson Cemetery.
Notable burials
James Birdseye McPherson
George Burton Meek – Fireman 1st class USN – killed aboard the USS Winslow. Meek was believed to have been the first American killed by Spain during the Spanish–American War.
Charles H. McCleary – Civil War Medal of Honor recipient. He served as a captain in the Union Army. He was awarded the CMOH as a first lieutenant in Company C, 72d Ohio Infantry for action on December 16, 1864, at Nashville, Tennessee. His citation reads "Capture of flag of 4th Florida Infantry (C.S.A.), while in advance of his lines."
Rodger Wilton Young – World War 2 Medal of Honor recipient.
Emma Anderson, mother of author Sherwood Anderson.
Regulation
McPherson Cemetery has regulations on the amount of items that can be placed around gravestones, and where these items can be placed. No more than three items are allowed to be donated to a gravestone, unless they are not placed on the grass. Cemetery staff encourage people to keep items away from the lawn as much as possible to prevent damage to lawnmowing equipment and to the donated items.
Incidents
Vandalism
There have been multiple cases of vandalism in McPherson Cemetery. The most notable example is the August 2010 persistent destruction of graves and items. Two teenagers were charged for this crime, who caused an estimated $100,000 of damage to the cemetery. In September, after the incident, Clyde's city manager Paul Fiser said that "the cemetery [was] 95 percent back to normal, thanks to the hard work of the parks and cemetery department."
Theft
In 2013, Jeffrey Huey, a Clyde citizen who is a self-proclaimed "art enthusiast", was detained for stealing 60 to 70 items from multiple different cemeteries in the area, including Oakland Cemetery in Sandusky and McPherson Cemetery.
References
External links
Cemeteries in Sandusky County, Ohio
Cemetery vandalism and desecration
Romine is an unincorporated community in Taylor County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Romine was established in 1901, and remained in operation until 1942. Melvin Romine, the first postmaster, gave the community his name.
References
Unincorporated communities in Taylor County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
A dichlorodifluoroethylene (systematically named dichlorodifluoroethene) is one of three compounds with the chemical formula . Dichlorodifluoroethylenes are colourless gases, and are some of the simplest chlorodifluoroalkenes.
The structural isomers are used as intermediates or precursors in the production of other industrial chemicals.
1,1-Dichloro-2,2-difluoroethylene
1,1-Dichloro-2,2-difluoroethylene is a low-boiling liquid that is used a refrigerant. It may also be used as a solvent, but has practical limitations as such, because of its low boiling point (commercial listings, 19 °C; lit. 17 °C).
It is regarded as a hazardous chemical for being toxic by inhalation (see MSDS), and a low-boiling liquid, and it causes irritation when it comes into contact with the skin and mucous membranes. Its ASHRAE number is R-1112a, and its CAS number is 79-35-6. Concentrated 1,1-dichloro-2,2-difluoroethylene can be ignited with ease in the laboratory.
cis- And trans-1,2-dichloro-1,2-difluoroethylene
The diastereomers were co-isolated first in 1965, by using a combination of fractional melting and fractional distillation. The cis isomer's ASHRAE number is R-1112c, and its CAS number is 311-81-9. Its melting point is . The trans isomer's ASHRAE number is R-1112t, and its CAS number is 381-71-5. Its melting point is . The diastereomers are commercially only available as a mixture of varying proportions.
References
External links
MSDS
Chlorofluorocarbons
Refrigerants
"Long Term Parking" is the 64th episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the 12th of the show's fifth season. Written by Terence Winter and directed by Tim Van Patten, it originally aired on May 23, 2004.
Starring
James Gandolfini as Tony Soprano
Lorraine Bracco as Dr. Jennifer Melfi *
Edie Falco as Carmela Soprano
Michael Imperioli as Christopher Moltisanti
Dominic Chianese as Corrado Soprano Jr. *
Steven Van Zandt as Silvio Dante
Tony Sirico as Paulie Gualtieri
Robert Iler as Anthony Soprano Jr.
Jamie-Lynn DiScala as Meadow Soprano *
Drea de Matteo as Adriana La Cerva
Aida Turturro as Janice Soprano Baccalieri *
Vincent Curatola as Johnny Sack
John Ventimiglia as Artie Bucco
and Steve Buscemi as Tony Blundetto
* = credit only
Guest starring
Synopsis
Little Carmine recoils from the escalating violence of the New York mob war, and Johnny Sack becomes the new boss of the Lupertazzi crime family. In a sit-down with Tony, both Johnny and Phil make threats against his blood relations. Johnny says he wants Tony B "on a fucking spit." Tony B, in hiding, calls Tony to apologize. Tony tells him not to come back and says he will look after his sons. He further admits why he was not at the hijack where Tony B was arrested decades earlier, saying that he has always felt guilty; "Now we're even." Ending the call, they tell each other to take care. Tony has the call traced. His cousin is in upstate New York, near their uncle's now-empty house.
Tony and Johnny meet alone. Tony says he knows where Tony B is, and what has to be done. Johnny refuses to let Tony handle it himself and further refuses to promise that it will be quick. Tony then refuses to give up Tony B's location and the meeting ends in antagonism.
Tony punishes Christopher for bungling a cigarette smuggling operation. Back home, Chris rants about Tony's treatment of him and what he sees as his favoritism towards Tony B. Adriana, stressed, is diagnosed with ulcerative colitis.
When FBI surveillance of Adriana's nightclub catches her behaving oddly with a bag of garbage, she is brought in. She admits that she was cleaning up after a murder in her office: drug dealer Matush Giamona killed a customer who claimed he had been ripped off. Threatened with imprisonment for covering up the murder, Adriana is told she has to wear a wire. She refuses but persuades the FBI that Chris is ready to turn. They let her go, with a deadline for bringing him in.
When Adriana tells Chris she has been talking to the FBI, he reacts violently and begins to strangle her before he breaks down crying. They eventually agree to flee and start a new life. However, while getting gas for his Hummer H2 the next morning, he pensively observes a poor family in front of the gas station, their meager possessions strapped to the roof of a run-down car.
Adriana receives a call from Tony. He tells her that Chris has tried to kill himself but is all right; Silvio will come to take her to the hospital. Instead, he drives her to an area of deserted woodland, turns off the road onto a track, and stops. Adriana knows what's about to happen. Silvio drags her out of the car. As she crawls away, crying, he shoots and kills her off-screen. Chris dumps a suitcase of her belongings in a riverside dumping ground and puts her car in long-term parking at the airport. At the Bada Bing, Tony sees that Chris is doped on heroin; Chris says the pain is too much. Tony loses control and beats him up, saying Chris is not the only one with pain.
Tony and Carmela negotiate over her desire to build a house on spec in partnership with her father. Tony agrees to pay $600,000 for the land. He promises that his "midlife crisis will no longer intrude anymore" into their marriage. They are reconciled and he moves back in. Tony goes to see Valentina in the hospital and breaks up with her.
Deceased
Gilbert Nieves: stabbed to death by Matush Giomana (in flashback).
Adriana La Cerva: shot and killed by Silvio Dante for being an informant to the FBI.
Additionally, Billy Leotardo murder by Tony Blundetto, previously mentioned only, is shown in Phil Leotardo's flashback.
Title reference
Christopher parks Adriana's car in the "Long Term Parking" section at the airport.
"Long-term parking" could refer to a long-term decision, or putting oneself in a lasting or binding situation: Adriana suggesting she and Christopher join the Witness Protection Program; Carmela and Tony moving back in together; Tony B.'s attempts to disappear; and Christopher's and Tony's guilt over the death of Adriana.
The title could refer to the state of Christopher's soul, which could be forever damned for his betrayal of Adriana.
When Adriana is picked up by the FBI outside the pharmacy, she mentions that her car is still in the parking lot.
In the previous episode, Tony is asked whether he'd like short-term or long-term parking as he arrives at The Plaza hotel.
Production
To combat leaked storylines, the writers and Chase used to devise fake scenes to confuse the set. The scene in which Adriana was killed was shot in two ways: with her getting away, and with her being shot in the woods.
Many fans speculated that Adriana had survived because her death was not shown on-screen. However, Drea de Matteo confirmed in her 2005 DVD commentary that Adriana was indeed killed. De Matteo quotes Van Zandt as saying: "Do [the fans] think I was shooting squirrels?" Later in the DVD commentary, de Matteo talks about the strong fan reaction to Adriana's death.
In 2014, during an "Ask Me Anything" session on Reddit, de Matteo stated: "All of us had known already that my character was dying - [Steven] Van Zandt was actually the most pissed off about it, he didn't want to do it, he just didn't want to do it. And I had to talk him into how awesome it was gonna be and how important it was, he didn't want to pull me out of that car, he didn't want to call me a c-word, he didn't want to shoot me in the head, but David [Chase] made a specific point not to show my character actually getting the bullet to her head. I'm not sure if that was for cliffhangers reasons, but he said it was from respect for the character."
de Matteo asked David Chase to cut out the scene where Christopher tells Tony about Adriana in order to keep her death at the hands of Silvio a surprise. The scene was later aired in the sixth-season episode "The Ride," as a flashback sequence.
References to other media
During a conversation with Carmella, Tony mentioned Popeye.
Christopher's line "The highway's jammed with broken heroes on a last chance power drive" is from Bruce Springsteen's song "Born to Run," a pop culture reference made more apropos by the presence of Steven Van Zandt (as Silvio Dante), longtime guitarist in Springsteen's E Street Band. Van Zandt also sings backing vocals on the "Born To Run" track.
The scene with Christopher and Adriana where both of them are crying over the consequences of Adriana being an informant, including Chris's strangled wail of "Oh, God, what are we gonna do?!" mirror a similar scene in the 1990 film Goodfellas where Henry and Karen Hill are falling apart at the realization they are in mortal danger from Paulie Cicero and his crew after Henry's narcotics bust.
The scene with Tony Soprano sitting alone in his backyard reminiscing about his cousin closely resembles the ending scene of The Godfather Part II, in which Michael Corleone sits alone at his Lake Tahoe compound remembering a moment shared with his family.
Tony watches the film It's a Gift on TV after he moves back in with Carmela.
The film Christopher is watching at the Bada Bing after admitting to Tony that he snorted some heroin is Three Amigos.
References to past episodes
The Crazy Horse club and the character Matush were both introduced in "The Telltale Moozadell" in a storyline in which Matush was repeatedly kicked out of the club for dealing drugs on the premises.
Christopher dumps Adriana's suitcase in the same location where Tony had almost killed him in "Irregular Around the Margins."
Music
Lou Christie's song "Summer Snow" is playing in Phil Leotardo's flashback of his brother Billy's murder.
The song playing when Tony enters his Bada Bing office near the end of the episode is "Super Bon Bon" by Soul Coughing.
The Shawn Smith song, "Leaving California," plays in the background while Silvio drives with Adriana.
The song playing in Silvio's car when he parks in the woods is "Barracuda" by Heart.
The song played over the end credits is another song by Shawn Smith, "Wrapped in My Memory," from Shield of Thorns.
Awards
Terence Winter won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for his work on this episode.
Tim Van Patten was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for his work on this episode.
Drea de Matteo won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her performance in this episode.
Michael Imperioli won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his performance in this episode.
Empire named "Long Term Parking" the best Sopranos episode of all time.
In 2005, TV Land included this episode as part of its 'Top 100 Most Unexpected Moments in TV History', ranking it #56.
References
External links
"Long Term Parking" at HBO
The Sopranos (season 5) episodes
2004 American television episodes
Emmy Award-winning episodes
Television episodes directed by Tim Van Patten
cis-Cyclooctene is a cycloalkene with the formula (CH2)6(CH)2. It is a colorless liquid that is used industrially to produce a polymer. It is also a ligand in organometallic chemistry.
Cyclooctene is the smallest cycloalkene that can be isolated as both the cis- and trans-isomer. Trans-Cyclooctene is shaped like the 8-carbon equivalent chair conformation of cyclohexane.
Uses and reactions
Cyclooctene undergoes ring-opening metathesis polymerization to give polyoctenamers, which are marketed under the name Vestenamer.
cis-Cyclooctene (COE) is a substrate known for quite selectively forming the epoxide, as compared to other cycloalkenes, e.g. cyclohexene. Low amounts of radical by-products are found only. This behaviour is attributed to the difficulty of functionalizing allylic CH centers, which almost orthogonal allylic C-H bonds. Therefore, if radicals are around, they tend to form epoxide via an addition-elimination mechanism.
It is used as an easily displaced ligand in organometallic chemistry, e.g. chlorobis(cyclooctene)rhodium dimer and chlorobis(cyclooctene)iridium dimer.
References
Cycloalkenes
Halls Corner may refer to:
Halls Corner, California
Halls Corner, Michigan
Halls Corner, New Jersey
Halls Corner, New York, a place in New York
See also
Hall Corners (disambiguation)
Askatuak Saki-Baloi Taldea is a basketball club based in San Sebastián, in the Basque Country of Spain, that plays in the Liga EBA.
History
The team competed for four years in the top Spanish league, one of them in the Liga ACB. They also played for the Korać Cup during two seasons. In 1993 Askatuak sold its 1ª División (second tier) spot to CB Salamanca.
Years later, in 2001, the team resigned its berth in LEB Plata and was substituted as the first basketball team in San Sebastián by the new Gipuzkoa BC.
For the following seasons, Askatuak played in lower divisions, achieving promotions to Liga EBA in 2010 and to LEB Plata in 2012.
Season by season
Trophies and awards
Trophies
2nd division championships: (1)
2ª División: (1) 1976
Liga EBA: (1)
2012
References
External links
Official website
Sports teams in San Sebastián
Basque basketball teams
Former LEB Plata teams
Former Liga EBA teams
Former Liga ACB teams
Former LEB Oro teams
Alice Diamond (22 June 1896 – 1 April 1952) was an English career criminal, linked to organised shoplifting.
Early life
Diamond was born Alice Elizabeth Black in Lambeth Workhouse Hospital to Thomas Diamond and Mary Ann Alice Blake. Her parents had applied for a maternity birth under the name of Black before they married to avoid the stigma of an illegitimate birth. However, as they married shortly before Alice was born, this also avoided the problem.
Her father, Thomas Diamond, had at least three criminal convictions, including one for assaulting the son of the Lord Mayor of London at a political meeting by punching his head through a pane of glass in a door, severely injuring him. Alice's mother was born Mary Geary and took the name Black when her parents married. She added Ann and Alice to her name at random times. Alice was the eldest of seven children, a younger sister Louisa also joined the Forty Thieves gang of which Alice Diamond had become leader and given the title Queen of the Forty Thieves and, later, Queen of the Forty Elephants, because of her connection to the streets around the Elephant and Castle district of southeast London. A brother, Tommy, became one of the notorious Elephant and Castle gang.
Career
Diamond's criminal career began in 1912 when she was cautioned, along with Mary Austin, who would later marry north London racing gangster Frederick Sabini, for stealing chocolate. A number of convictions for theft followed and in 1915 she was named by police and newspapers as Queen of the Forty Thieves, successor to Mary 'Polly' Carr, who had previously held the title.
Diamond had taken over leadership of a large and expert gang of organised shoplifters. She was a skillful organiser of large expeditions across the West End of London and spread her enterprise to the provinces when London became 'hot'. Her chief lieutenant was volatile and violent Maggie Hill, born Margaret Lily Hill into a criminal north London family that one day would produce Billy Hill, dubbed 'Boss of Britain's Underworld'.
Although Diamond, Margaret Hill and other Elephants served prison terms, they believed the risk was worth it - the alternative being a life of poverty. The gang was known for its stylish dress and wild partying. They could 'put on the posh' and take goods valued at hundreds of pounds from prestigious stores by using specialist garments and clever distraction techniques. Her favourite plunder was fur coats and bolts of silk which were expensive commodities between the World Wars. They were known to drive fast cars and could be violent when confronted. Alice Diamond was over five-foot eight-inches in height at a time when the average height for a man was five-foot six-inches. She wore diamond rings on the fingers of both hands and could deliver a punch a man would have envied. Another of the Forty Elephants was Lilian Goldstein, née Kendall, who was also a driver for smash and grab raider Ruby Sparks, tagged by press and police as 'The Bobbed-Haired Bandit'.
Personal life
Diamond never married, but had a relationship with Bert McDonald, one of the leaders of the Elephant Gang. Maggie Hill married long-term criminal Alfred Hughes. Diamond died at 11 Marnock House, close to 'East Lane' market in Southwark, on 1 April 1952.
See also
Shirley Pitts
References
Further reading
Lambeth Workhouse birth records Metropolitan Archives, Islington, London.
Black, Alice Elizabeth, Lambeth, 1896, 1d 395. British birth records.
Alice Diamond, otherwise Black, 5c 1023, Lambeth, 1952. British death records.
English gangsters
Criminals from London
Female organized crime figures
Shoplifters
1896 births
1952 deaths
Monica may refer to:
People
Monica (actress) (born 1987), Indian film actress
Monica (given name), a given name (including a list of people and characters with the name)
Monica (singer) (born 1980), American R&B singer, songwriter, producer, and actress
Saint Monica, mother of Augustine
Places
833 Monica, a minor planet
Monica, Kentucky
Santa Monica, California
Arts, entertainment, and media
Fiction
Monica (2011 film), an Indian film
Monica (2022 film), an American-Italian film
Monica, a fictional country in Æon Flux
Monica, a fictional planet in David Weber's science fiction Honorverse
Music
MONICA, a Scottish band featuring members of Win/The Apples and Trembling Bells
"Monica" (song), a song by The Kinks from their album The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society (1968)
"Monica", a song by Dan Bern from his album Fifty Eggs
"Monica", a 1984 song by Kōji Kikkawa
Leslie Cheung, covered into Cantonese in 1984
Leo Ku, another Cantonese cover song
Vehicles and transportation
Monica (automobile)
Monica (radar)
Monica (rocket)
, a Finnish coaster ship in service 1955–57
Other uses
Monica (grape)
Tropical Storm Monica (disambiguation), various
Cyclone Monica, a tropical cyclone
See also
Monika (disambiguation)
Moniker
Monique (disambiguation)
Santa Monica (disambiguation)
Santa Monica, California, USA
Hortebrekka Slope () is a crevassed ice slope which marks the eastern edge of Horteriset Dome, just west of the Weyprecht Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39), and was mapped and named by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60).
References
Ice slopes of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Henry Cunningam (7 July 1707 – 9 July 1777) was an Irish Anglican priest in the 18th century.
Cunningham was born in Limerick and educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He held livings at Killuken, Tumna and Creeve. was appointed Archdeacon of Elphin in 1751. He resigned in 1761 for the Prebendal Stall of Ballintubber in Elphin Cathedral.
References
Archdeacons of Elphin
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Clergy from Limerick (city)
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
1777 deaths
1707 births
Villigst is a Stadtteil (district) of the city Schwerte in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. On 31 December 2012, Villigst had a population of 3.309 inhabitants.
It lies south of the river Ruhr near Sauerland. It borders on Ergste, another district of Schwerte.
On 1 January 1975 Villigst was incorporated into the city Schwerte, before it belonged to Iserlohn.
References
External links
Villigst at Schwerte.de
openstreetmap
Unna (district)
Geography of North Rhine-Westphalia
Electron-beam machining (EBM) is a process where high-velocity electrons concentrated into a narrow beam that are directed towards the work piece, creating heat and vaporizing the material. EBM can be used for very precise cutting or boring of a wide variety of metals. Surface finish is better and kerf width is narrower than those for other thermal cutting processes.
EEBM process is the best suitable for high melting point and high thermal conductivity materials.
Process
The EBM beam is operated in pulse mode. This is achieved by appropriately biasing the biased grid located just after the cathode. Switching pulses are given to the bias grid so as to achieve pulse duration of as low as 50 μs to as long as 15 ms.
Beam current is directly related to the number of electrons emitted by the cathode or available in the beam. Beam current can be as low as 200 μamp to 1 amp.
Increasing the beam current directly increases the energy per pulse. Similarly, increase in pulse duration also enhances energy per pulse. High-energy pulses (in excess of 100 J/pulse) can machine larger holes on thicker plates.
The energy density and power density is governed by energy per pulse duration and spot size. Spot size, on the other hand is controlled by the degree of focusing achieved by the electromagnetic lenses. If a higher energy density is combined with a smaller spot size, the material removal would be faster though the size of the hole would be smaller.
The plane of focusing would be on or just beneath the surface of the work piece. The electron beam is generated by the potential difference between the negatively-charged cathode and the positively-charged anode.
Equipment
EBM equipment in construction is similar to electron beam welding machines (see electron beam welding).
EBM machines usually utilize voltages in the range of 150 to 200 kV to accelerate electrons to about 200,000 km/s. Magnetic lenses are used to focus the electron beam to the surface of the work-piece. By means of electromagnetic deflection system the beam is positioned as needed, usually by means of a computer.
Considerations
Vacuums must be used to reduce contamination, and minimize electron collisions with air molecules. Because work must be done in a vacuum, EBM is best suited for small parts. The interaction of the electron beam with the work piece produces hazardous x-rays, and only highly trained personnel should use EBM equipment.
See also
Electron beam technology
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20070519165757/http://www.eod.gvsu.edu/eod/manufact/manufact-284.html
Electron beams in manufacturing
Machining
Al-Nassr won the championship for the 4th time in 1989, keeping the title in the city of Riyadh.
Hajer and Al-Rawdhah entered the top flight, but like most other clubs in their position season's before, went straight back down.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Al-Riyadh and Al-Raed were promoted.
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
Cabbage Tree Point may refer to several places in Australia:
Cabbage Tree Point (Brisbane), a headland in Shorncliffe, Brisbane, Queensland
Cabbage Tree Point (Gold Coast), an unbounded locality within Steiglitz, Queensland
Fabio Andrés Duarte Arevalo (born 11 June 1986 in Facatativá, Cundinamarca) is a Colombian track and road cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team . He is best known for winning the 2008 World Under-23 Road Race Championships, and has twice finished in second place during Giro d'Italia stages – in 2013, behind Vincenzo Nibali on stage 20 and 2014, behind Julián Arredondo on stage 18.
Personal life
He has a younger brother, Álvaro Duarte, who is also a professional cyclist.
Major results
2003
National Junior Track Championships
1st Individual pursuit
2nd Madison
2005
1st Vuelta a la Sabana
1st Overall Vuelta de la Juventud de Colombia
1st Prologue, Stages 3 & 4
2006
National Under-23 Road Championships
1st Time trial
3rd Road race
1st Overall Clásica Nacional Ciudad de Anapoima
1st Stages 1 & 2
1st Overall Clasica International de Tulcan
1st Prologue
1st Overall Vuelta de la Juventud de Colombia
1st Prologue, Stages 1 & 5
1st Prologue Clásica Nacional Marco Fidel Suárez
4th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stage 10 (TTT)
2007
1st Stage 12 Vuelta a Colombia
10th Overall Vuelta por un Chile Líder
2008
1st Road race, UCI Under-23 Road World Championships
1st Stage 2 Circuito de Combita
1st Stage 2 Clásica Nacional Ciudad de Anapoima
1st Prologue Vuelta de la Juventud de Colombia
3rd Time trial, National Road Championships
2009
1st Overall Clasica International de Tulcan
1st Stages 2 & 3
1st Overall Tour des Pyrénées
1st Stage 2
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Colombia
2010
1st Overall Circuito Montañés
1st Stage 4
1st Stage 2 Clásica Nacional Ciudad de Anapoima
Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stages 5 & 12
2nd Overall Vuelta a Asturias
1st Stage 4
3rd Time trial, South American Games
8th Vuelta a La Rioja
2011
2nd Gran Premio di Lugano
4th Overall Vuelta a Murcia
10th Overall Giro del Trentino
1st Stage 3
2012
1st Coppa Sabatini
1st Prologue Vuelta a Colombia
4th Brabantse Pijl
5th Overall Tour of California
2014
4th Overall Giro del Trentino
1st Stage 3
10th Overall Critérium International
2015
1st Mountains classification Tour de Luxembourg
1st Mountains classification Vuelta a Burgos
2016
1st Team time trial, National Road Championships
4th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
2017
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Vuelta a Colombia
2018
2nd Overall Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid
2019
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Tour of Qinghai Lake
2020
1st Mountains classification Tour Colombia
2022
1st Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stage 5
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
Other major stage races
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Facatativá
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Colombia
South American Games bronze medalists for Colombia
South American Games medalists in cycling
Competitors at the 2010 South American Games
Secular theology rejects the substance dualism of modern religion, the belief in two forms of reality required by the belief in heaven and hell.
Secular theology can accommodate a belief in God—as many nature religions do—but as residing in this world and not separately from it.
Aristotle's conception of God as the Soul of the World was such a secular concept.
Historians such as Charles Freeman hold that the AD 325 Council of Nicaea did much to establish dualism in Christian thought. Dualism has greatly influenced not only religion but science as well. By desacralizing the natural world, dualism has left it vulnerable to exploitation and damage.
The field of secular theology, a subfield of liberal theology advocated by Anglican bishop John A. T. Robinson somewhat paradoxically combines secularism and theology. Recognized in the 1960s, it was influenced both by neo-orthodoxy, Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Harvey Cox, and the existentialism of Søren Kierkegaard and Paul Tillich. Secular theology digested modern movements like the Death of God Theology propagated by Thomas J. J. Altizer or the philosophical existentialism of Paul Tillich and eased the introduction of such ideas into the theological mainstream and made constructive evaluations, as well as contributions, to them.
John Shelby Spong advocated a nuanced approach to scripture, as opposed to Biblical literalism, informed by scholarship and compassion which he argues can be consistent with both Christian tradition and a contemporary understanding of the universe. Secular theology holds that theism has lost credibility as a valid conception of God's nature. It rejects the concept of a personal God and embraces the status of Jesus Christ, Christology and Christian eschatology as Christian mythology without basis in historical events.
The movement chiefly came about as a response to general dissatisfaction with the Christian establishment's tendency to lapse into "provincialism" when presented with the "unusual" theological ideas common during the 1960s. The movement also suggested the legitimacy of seeking the holy outside the church itself. Thereby it suggests that the church did not have exclusive rights to divine inspiration. In a sense, this incorporated a strong sense of continuous revelation in which truth of the religious sort was sought out in poetry, music, art, or even the pub and in the street.
Certain other religions besides Christianity have developed secular theologies and applied these to core concepts of their own traditions. Notable among such movements has been the Reconstructionist Judaism of Mordecai Kaplan, which understands God and the universe in a manner concordant with Deweyan naturalism.
In Hinduism, the Advaita school of theology is generally regarded as non-theistic as it accepts all interpretations of God or Ishvara.
See also
Agnostic theism
Allegorical interpretation of the Bible
Christian existentialism
Death of God theology
Demythologization
Honest to God
Jesus Christ and comparative mythology
Liberal theology
Nontheistic religions
Pope Boniface VIII
Secular humanism
Secular religion
Christian atheism
Notes
References
Harvey Cox, The Secular City (1965).
Harvey Cox, Religion in the Secular City: Toward a Postmodern Theology (1984).
Clayton Crockett (ed.), Secular Theology: American Radical Theological Thought (2001),
Amos Funkenstein, "Secular Theology" in the Modern Age (1986)
John Warwick Montgomery, The shape of the past: A Christian response to secular philosophies of history (1975)
Wolfhart Pannenberg, Christianity in a Secularized World, (1989).
John A. T. Robinson, Exploration into God (1967).
John Shelby Spong, Jesus for the Non-Religious (2007),
Postmodernism
Secularism
Theology
T. J. Wilson may refer to:
Tyson Kidd (born 1980), Canadian wrestler, also known as TJ Wilson
T. J. Wilson (boxer) (born 1975), American boxer
Cirkus Homo sapiens is the first studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Nanne Grönvall, released in April 1998. The album was re-released in June 1999 under Somco Records, Nanne and husband Peter Grönvall's own record label. This re-release had a different cover and included the 1997-recorded "Kul i jul" as bonus track.
Track listing
References
1998 albums
1999 albums
Nanne Grönvall albums
"Otro Trago" (English: "Another Drink") is a song by Panamanian singer Sech featuring Puerto Rican rapper Darell, released as a single from Sech's debut album Sueños in April 2019 through Rich Music. It reached number one in Sech's native Panama, as well in Spain, Argentina, Peru, Paraguay, Honduras and the Dominican Republic. In the United States, the song debuted at number 100 on the Billboard Hot 100, later peaking at number 34, making Sech's first entry as a solo artist on the chart. Additionally, it became Sech's first chart-topper on the US Hot Latin Songs, making it the first Panamanian artist to reach number one on the chart.
On 26 June 2019, a remix featuring Nicky Jam, Ozuna, and Anuel AA was released.
Background
After topping the charts in several Spanish-speaking countries with the track, Sech was said to be a "challenger" to "música urbana's mainstays like Bad Bunny and Ozuna".
Composition and lyrics
The song contains "urban fusion melodies" and an "R&B-meets-Reggaeton" beat, with Sech's "soothing vocals" layered on top, while assisted by featured artist Darell's "raspy urban voice". The song, which when translated means "Another Drink", narrates the "story of a girl drinking and dancing her sorrows away at [a] club".
Critical reception
Billboard included the "Otro Trago" remix on their Best Songs of 2019 list, ranking it at number 70, while Complex named the original the 45th best song of 2019.
Music video
The music video premiered on Sech's YouTube channel on 26 April 2019. It currently has over 400 million views as of December 2019.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of Billboard Argentina Hot 100 number-one singles of 2019
List of number-one singles of 2019 (Spain)
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2019
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
Number-one singles in Spain
Spanish-language songs
Argentina Hot 100 number-one singles
Nicky Jam songs
Anuel AA songs
Ozuna (singer) songs
Sech (singer) songs
Folkestone Central railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, and is the main station serving the town of Folkestone, Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross. All trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
History
The South Eastern Main Line reached Folkestone in 1843, with a station being opened at Folkestone Junction (Folkestone East) on 18 December 1843. Folkestone West was then opened in 1863, with a station named Cheriton Arch being provided between the two on 1 September 1884. The name Radnor Park was adopted in 1886, and for a few years with just two platform faces, the station was rebuilt in 1890 to add a bay. The station was renamed Folkestone Central in 1895.
The station was rebuilt at the time of the route's electrification in 1961 with two island platforms, linked by a subway and with ramps leading up from the ticket office and concourse, which is itself above street level (an approach road and accompanying pedestrian ramp leads up from Cheriton Road). In 1999 one island platform was abandoned, along with the subway; the platform has not been demolished, although all buildings have been removed.
Services to and from Dover Priory were suspended on 24 December 2015 due to major damage to the track and sea wall near Dover harbour caused by strong winds & tidal surges. A replacement bus service was operation between the two stations, along with a modified timetable whilst repair work was carried out. A new £44.5 million viaduct was constructed to replace the old rail embankment and sea wall. The line reopened on 5 September 2016, as the work progressed faster than originally anticipated.
Services
All services at Folkestone Central are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London St Pancras International
1 tph to London Charing Cross via
2 tph to of which 1 continues to
During the peak hours, there are also services to and from London Cannon Street and there is also 1 train per day to .
References
External links
Transport in Folkestone and Hythe
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1884
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Folkestone
Heli-Sport srl (also called CH-7 Heli-Sport srl) is an Italian aircraft manufacturer based in Turin, founded by the Barbero brothers, Igo, Josy and Charlie. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of helicopters in the form of kits for amateur construction.
The company was founded in 1989 as EliSport and renamed Heli-Sport in 1997. It is a Società a responsabilità limitata (Srl), an Italian limited liability company.
The company produces a line of helicopters, all based upon the Argentine Cicare CH-6 designed by Augusto Cicaré. It was developed by Josi and Claudio Barbero and sports car designer Marcello Gandini, who designed the new, enclosed cabin. The aircraft was introduced in 1992 as the Heli-Sport CH-7 Angel. This was developed into the tandem two-seat Heli-Sport CH-7 Kompress in 1997, the Heli-Sport CH-7 Kompress Charlie in 2005 and the CH-7 Kompress Charlie 2. The two seats in side-by-side configuration Heli-Sport CH77 Ranabot was a further development of the same basic design.
The CH-7 Kompress Charlie 2 won a bronze medal the at the World Air Games in Turin in 2009. Another Charlie 2 was flown to EAA AirVenture Oshkosh in 2010, from France across the Atlantic Ocean.
Aircraft
References
External links
Aircraft manufacturers of Italy
Manufacturing companies based in Turin
Ultralight aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Helicopters
This is a list of all roster changes that occurred prior to the 2017–18 Indian Super League season.
Retained players
Due to the league expanding with two new teams, each Indian Super League club is allowed to retain a maximum of two Indian players over the age of twenty-one (21).
Atlético de Kolkata
Bengaluru FC
Chennaiyin FC
Delhi Dynamos
On 7 July 2017, the Delhi Dynamos stated that they would not retain any of their domestic players from the previous season.
FC Goa
Kerala Blasters FC
Mumbai City FC
Northeast United FC
Pune City
ISL Players Draft
Player movement and other transactions
References
2017–18 Indian Super League season
Lists of Indian Super League transfers
2017–18 in Indian football
India
Jagua Pasto is a rural barrio in the municipality of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 108.
Features and demographics
Jagua Pasto has of land area and no water area. In 2010, its population was 108 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Quebrada Honda and Jagua Pasto barrios was 1,467.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico
Pools of Darkness is a role-playing video game published by Strategic Simulations in 1991. The cover art and introduction screen shows a female drow. It is the fourth (and final) entry in the Pool of Radiance series of Gold Box games, and the story is a continuation of the events after Secret of the Silver Blades. The novel loosely based on the game was released in 1992. Like the previous games in the series, it is set in the Forgotten Realms, a campaign setting from Dungeons & Dragons. Players must stop an invasion from an evil god, eventually traveling to other dimensions to confront his lieutenants.
Story
The party starts their adventure in the city of Phlan, charged with the task to safely escort Council Member Sasha on a diplomatic mission. Upon leaving the city, Lord Bane, along with four of his lieutenants, claims the entire land of Faerûn as his own, and magically teleports, destroys, and removes many cities off the face of the land. The goal of the game is to systematically restore order to the realms by destroying Bane's minions one by one, and returning light and order to the land plunged in darkness.
Gameplay
To play Pools of Darkness, one simply needs to create characters and form a party. The gameplay basics are identical to all games in the series. The game does come with a pre-designed party, but many players prefer to create their own characters. One can modify the appearance and some colors of the character's combat icon and then name the character. A maximum of six characters may be added to the party and it's highly recommended to use all six spaces as the game does not give any handicaps for smaller parties. NPCs sometimes join the party in the game, making it possible to have more than six characters. Characters can also be transferred from Secret of the Silver Blades.
Plot
The party's objective is to defeat Bane's lieutenants Thorne (an ancient red dragon), Kalistes (a Marilith), and Tanetal (a Glabrezu) and acquire the items they possess. The ultimate goal is to reach Bane's Land and face off against Bane's last and greatest lieutenant, Gothmenes (a Balor).
All of the lieutenants are found in other dimensions, which can be reached using portals known as Pools of Darkness. Traveling through the pools can cause many types of items the characters are holding to be permanently destroyed and lost. The party may opt to leave these items in a vault to save them. Any items from the dimensions will suffer this same fate when traveling back to the realms. Some very powerful magic items and all non-magical items can survive the trip.
There are also many side quests the party can do along the way, which can help the party in gaining experience and items, especially early on. There are many unmarked areas on the overworld the party can enter, which can be found if the player looks around the open fields for any such places. This is true of all the overworlds.
The mandatory quests involve:
Clearing the Steading near Dragonhorn's Gap, which opens the way to the Dragon's Aerie.
Clearing the Dragon's Aerie, which opens the way to Thorne's Cave via a Pool of Darkness.
Clearing Thorne's Cave, which will give the party the Horn of Doom.
Clearing the drow caves and Kalistes' Temple under Zhentil Keep, which opens the way to Kalistes' Land via a Pool of Darkness.
Clearing Kalistes' Parlor, which will give the party the Crystal Ring.
Clearing the red tower of Marcus, which opens the way to Moander's body via a Pool of Darkness.
Clearing the heart of Moander where Tanetal resides, which will give the party the Talisman of Bane.
Clearing Arcam's Cave under Mulmaster, which opens the way to Bane's Land via a Pool of Darkness.
Finally, clearing Bane's Land and defeating Gothmenes (a Balor), who battles Elminster.
There are also side quests in several places, and famous people in the realm too. For example, Elminster was always there to maintain the dimensional portal for the party should they arrive at any Pool of Darkness. The lost princess Alusair Nacacia will ask the party to help her to fight Rakshasas in Myth Drannor. Lastly, after finishing the final quest, the party had the option to either end their journey or go through one more dungeon of enemies and traps, known as "Dave's Challenge".
Features
Pools of Darkness differed from its predecessors in a number of ways. Unlike the other Forgotten Realms Gold Box games where the party always stayed in Faerûn, the quests that the party have to endure traversed many dimensions to do battle with Bane's lieutenants. These include Thorne's Cave, Kalistes' Land, a visit to then sleeping Moander's colossus body in Astral Plane, and finally Bane's Land itself in Acheron.
Mages have the ability to get up to level 9 spells (the maximum). A popular spell available in this game is the Delayed Blast Fireball, which can cause damage to many targets at once. Unlike Secret of the Silver Blades, the fireball cannot be delayed and is cast immediately.
Pools of Darkness followed its predecessors closely in terms of structure. The party could have a maximum of six adventurers (with two extra slots for NPCs). Characters had the ability to advance to level 40.
Combat in Pools of Darkness, especially late in the story, differed greatly from the encounters of the previous games. The player's characters faced some of the toughest creatures in the AD&D universe, in addition to a number of new and formidable critters created specifically for the game, such as the Pets of Kalistes (intelligent magic spiders that could see invisible enemies and whose venomous bite had a -2 save) and the terrifying Minions of Bane (which had the magic resistances of demons and the breath weapons of dragons).
The game was by far the most extensive of any of the gold box series, in storyline depth and possibilities of advancement and equipment. The game also featured better graphics at the time as it supported VGA 256 colors instead of 16.
Another minor difference is the font used in the game is less stylish, but easier to read.
Differences between versions of Pools of Darkness
In the Amiga version, scrolls could be joined into bundles, while the MS-DOS version didn't feature this option.
Also games could be loaded in the camp menu of the Amiga version. MS-DOS users had to restart or enter a training hall and remove all their characters from the party to load a game.
Game credits
Game creation: SSI Special Projects Group
Developer: Ken Humphries, Dave Shelley
IBM Programmers: Russ Brown, Jim Jennings, Kerry Bonin
Music: "The Fat Man", Dave Govett
Testers: Phil Alne, John Kirk, Andre Vrignaud, Brian Lowe, Alan Marenco, Glen Cureton, Mike Balajadia
Artists: Maurine Starkey, Richard Payne, Fred Butts, Jean Xiong, Mike Provenza, Cyrus Harris, Ed Trillo, Kevin Thompson, Laura Bowen, Mike Nowak, Mark Johnson
Encounter Authors: Chris Carr, Ken Eklund, Lori White, Tom Ono, Gary Shockley, Dave Georgeson, Cynthia Hwang
Reception
Pools of Darkness was much less successful than the first Gold Box games, with SSI selling 52,793 copies. Pools of Darkness was reviewed in 1992 in Dragon #178 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars. In Computer Gaming World, Scorpia found the game enjoyable, with better graphics than in the prior Gold Box games. She criticized the "lame ending", annoying sounds, and having to abandon weapons when visiting another dimension, but called Pools of Darkness "the best of the lot" and "the ultimate challenge for the experienced Gold Box gamer".
According to GameSpy, while "not remembered as the most memorable of the Forgotten Realms Gold Box games, but it was definitely worth playing back then, if you braved the previous three installments".
See also
Pool of Twilight, the sequel in the Pools book trilogy
Queen of the Spiders, the D&D supermodule whose cover art by Keith Parkinson was borrowed for the Pools of Darkness box art
References
External links
Lost Citadel for Pools of Darkness
1991 video games
Amiga games
Classic macOS games
DOS games
Forgotten Realms video games
Gold Box
NEC PC-9801 games
Role-playing video games
Strategic Simulations games
Tactical role-playing video games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games featuring protagonists of selectable gender
Video games scored by George Sanger
Video games with oblique graphics
The Archaeological Museum of Rhodes () is located in the Medieval City of Rhodes. The museum is housed in the monumental edifice that was the hospital of the Knights of Saint John. Construction of it was begun in 1440 and brought to completion in the time of the Grand Master d'Aubusson (1476-1503). The Museum contains various collections of archaeological artifacts from various parts of Rhodes and the neighbouring islands, including the Statue of the Crouching Aphrodite (1st century BC), which was inspired by a famous prototype work created by the sculptor Doidalsas in the 3rd century BC, and the Pyxis of the Fikellura type (mid-6th century BC).
The museum also holds the Head of Helios, which was featured in 2011 on the album cover of Floral Shoppe by Macintosh Plus, and subsequently became famous for its association with the Vaporwave movement.
Gallery
External links
Hellenic Ministry of Culture and Tourism / in Greek
Hellenic Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Rhodes
Buildings and structures in Rhodes (city)
Museums in Rhodes
George Byng DL JP (17 May 1764 – 10 January 1847), of Wrotham Park in Middlesex (now Hertfordshire), and of Wentworth House, 5, St James's Square, London, was a British Whig politician.
Origins
He was the eldest son and heir of George Byng (1735-1789) (the eldest son of Robert Byng (1703-1740), third son of Admiral George Byng, 1st Viscount Torrington (1663-1733)) of Wrotham Park, by his wife Anne Conolly, a daughter of William Conolly (d.1754), of Stratton Hall, Staffordshire and of Castletown, co. Kildare, a Member of Parliament. Anne's mother was Lady Anne Wentworth, a daughter of Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford (1672–1739). His younger brother was Field Marshal John Byng, 1st Earl of Strafford (1772-1860), elevated to the peerage in 1847 with the same territorial designation as the earldom of his maternal cousins, which earldom had become extinct in 1799.
Career
He was educated at Göttingen University from 1780 where he studied under Georg Christoph Lichtenberg.
Byng was returned to Parliament for Middlesex in 1790, a seat he held until his death 57 years later. During his early years he was an associate of Charles James Fox. Between 1832 and 1847 he was Father of the House of Commons. He was offered a peerage in order to increase the Whig majority in the House of Lords prior to the 1832 Reform Act, but refused. He was also a Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace for Middlesex.
Marriage
In 1797 he married Harriet Montgomery, a daughter of Sir William Montgomerie, 1st Baronet, of Macbie Hill, Peebles, but had no children.
Death and succession
He died on 10 January 1847, aged 82. His heir was his younger brother, Field Marshal John Byng, 1st Earl of Strafford (1772-1860), elevated to the peerage in the same year.
References
External links
1764 births
1847 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1801–1802
UK MPs 1802–1806
UK MPs 1806–1807
UK MPs 1807–1812
UK MPs 1812–1818
UK MPs 1818–1820
UK MPs 1820–1826
UK MPs 1826–1830
UK MPs 1830–1831
UK MPs 1831–1832
UK MPs 1832–1835
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1837–1841
UK MPs 1841–1847
Deputy Lieutenants of Middlesex
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
British MPs 1790–1796
British MPs 1796–1800
James E. Wise Jr., author, is a former naval aviator, intelligence officer, and Vietnam veteran, retired from the U.S. Navy in 1975 as a captain. He became a naval aviator in 1953 following graduation from Northwestern University. He served as an intelligence officer aboard the USS America and later as the commanding officer of various naval intelligence units. Since his retirement, Captain Wise has held several senior executive posts in private sector companies. His books include Dangerous Games: faces, incidents and casualties of the Cold War, The Silver Star, The Navy Cross, Stars in Blue, and U-505: The Final Journey. He is also the author of many historical articles in naval and maritime journals. Captain Wise lives in the Washington, DC, metropolitan area.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Writers from Washington, D.C.
Northwestern University alumni
United States Naval Aviators
American military writers
Muslim Students Federation (M. S. F.) may refer to:
All India Muslim Students Federation, the student wing of All-India Muslim League
Muslim Students Federation (I. U. M. L.), the student wing of Indian Union Muslim League
Muslim Students Federation (Kerala unit)
Thomas Burton (died 1661), of Brampton Hall, Westmorland, was an English politician, the Member of Parliament for Westmorland from 1656 to 1659, now known as a parliamentary diarist.
Life
He was a justice of the peace for Westmorland. He was returned to parliament as member for the county on 20 August 1656. On 16 October 1656 he was called upon by the parliament to answer a charge of disaffection towards the existing government, which he did to the satisfaction of the house. Burton was re-elected for Westmorland to Richard Cromwell's parliament, which met on 27 January 1659 and was dissolved on 22 April 1659. He did not sit in parliament after the Restoration of 1660. Although he spoke rarely, he is assumed to have been a regular attender in the House of Commons.
Diary
Burton has been identified as the author of a diary of parliamentary proceedings from 1656 to 1659. The authorship was in dispute during the nineteenth century, as reported by Sidney Lee in the Dictionary of National Biography, Thomas Carlyle having suggested Nathaniel Bacon; later research has confirmed it, according to Ivan Roots in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. It was edited and published in four volumes in 1828 by John Towill Rutt, a key record of proceedings in the Parliaments of 1656–1659.
In the record the speeches are given in direct speech. The Diary, in the form in which it is now known, opens abruptly on Wednesday, 3 December 1656. It continues uninterruptedly till 26 June 1657. A second section deals with the period between 20 January 1658 and 4 February 1658, and a third with that between 27 January 1659 and 22 April 1659.
The Diary was first printed in 1828, by Rutt, from the author's notebooks, which had come into the possession of William Upcott, librarian of the London Institution. The manuscripts, which form six oblong 12mo volumes, are now in the British Library (Add MSS 15859–15864), and bear no author's name. The editor prefixed extracts from the Journal of Guibon Goddard, M.P., dealing with the parliament of 1654.
References
Attribution
External links
Thomas Burton Diaries: full text of the Rutt edition, part of British History Online.
1661 deaths
Year of birth unknown
People from Westmorland
English MPs 1656–1658
English MPs 1659
Planta-Wildenberg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Zernez of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The Wildenberg family was a cadet branch of the Greifenstein family of Filisur. In addition to the Wildenberg Castle in Falera, they owned castles and estates throughout the valleys of Graubünden. Wildenberg Castle in Zernez was first mentioned as the home of the family in 1280/90. In 1296 the Bishop of Chur took the right to collect tithes from Wildenberg and pledged it to the Lords of Planta. It is unclear if the castle went with the tithes, but by the 14th century Wildenberg was owned by the bishop and held by the Planta family. In 1365 representatives from the communities around Chur met for the first time at the castle under the auspices of the Planta family. The representatives met because they were concerned about the growing power of Tyrol and the bishop's debts. Two years after the meeting at Wildenberg and building off the 1365 agreements, they founded the League of God's House to curtail the bishop's power.
By around 1400 the branch of the Planta family at Wildenberg was using the name von Wildenberg or Planta-Wildenberg and held the castle as a permanent fief. They became very wealthy with lands and rights from the bishop as well as the mining concession in the Lower Engadine from Emperor Henry VII. While the Planta-Wildenberg family often loaned money to the bishop, their relationship was not always good. In 1430 Conradin von Planta-Wildenberg wrote and demanded the abdication of Bishop Johann von Chur, who in turn excommunicated Conradin. Late in the 15th century the Planta-Wildenberg family supported the bishop against the emperor. In 1498 Hans von Planta-Wildenberg signed a treaty between the League of God's House and the Swiss Confederation which sought to limit the power of the emperor. According to tradition, during the Swabian War of 1499 Hans von Planta-Wildenberg killed an imperial knight at the Battle of Calven.
In 1570 the chronicler Ulrich Campell described Wildenberg as a medieval castle with a central tower and three residential wings. The owner of the castle, Balthasar von Planta-Wildenberg had been married six times and had numerous children who helped increase the wealth and power of the family.
In 1616 Rudolf von Planta-Wildenberg switched from supporting the bishop against the Habsburgs to join the pro-Habsburg party. This infuriated the local villagers and minor nobility. In 1618 when Rudolf received Archduke Leopold of Austria at Wildenberg, the people revolted, attacked and besieged the castle. During the siege, Rudolf and his family escaped but the castle was taken and burned. Four years later, during an Austrian offensive Rudolf was finally able to return to Wildenberg. He rebuilt the damaged castle beginning in 1622. After Rudolf's death in 1638, the castle passed to the cadet line of the Planta family, the Planta-Aredz. In 1649-50 the castle was again expanded.
The castle continued to be held by the Planta family for several more centuries. In the 18th century, the castle was once again expanded. In 1856 it was sold to the Bezzola family. Then, in 1956, the municipality of Zernez acquired Wildenberg and moved the municipal administration into the building. It was repaired and restored in 1989–94.
Castle site
The castle is an "L" shaped building with the central tower in the center. Stone walls enclose gardens on the inside of the "L" (to the north-west) and on the south side of the castle. The courtyard is also enclosed with walls and is on the east and north-east side of the castle. The gate into the courtyard garden features the combined coats of arms of Hartmann and Flandrina von Planta from 1650. The medieval tower was topped with a spire in the 18th century. Above the external stairs from 1760 are the coats of arms of Johann von Planta and his wife Maria Jecklin The two wings are connected by a large staircase with a richly stuccoed and painted ceiling in a classical style from the 17th century.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Zernez
Michael Blackwood (born 30 September 1979 in Birmingham, England) is an English former professional footballer who last played for Lichfield City, where he played as a defender, and on occasion as a midfielder.
Playing career
Blackwood began his career as a trainee at Aston Villa in 1998 and had a loan spell at Chester City during the 1999–00 season before joining Wrexham on a free transfer in June 2000, where he made over 45 appearances in two seasons. He dropped into non-league football, playing for Worcester City, Stevenage Borough, Halesowen Town, during the 2002–03 season. He joined Telford United in August 2003 after impressing in pre-season friendlies, and made 35 league appearances for Telford in the 2003–04 season.
Lincoln City
Having trialled for the club in August 2002, appearing for the reserves in a 2–1 home defeat to York City's reserves on 28 August 2002, Blackwood returned to Football League in July 2004, joining League Two side Lincoln Cities on a one-year contract after impressing in a trial spell. He started the season in the first team, making his debut in the 1–0 League Two victory at Shrewsbury Town on 7 August 2004, but a ruptured abdominal muscle sustained in late August saw him out of action for four months. He struggled to make an impression at the club in the second half of the season, turning down the opportunity to join Tamworth on loan in February, and departed Sincil Bank by mutual consent on 26 May 2005.
Return to the non-leagues
He was released by Lincoln at the end of the 2004–05 season and joined Conference National side Kidderminster Harriers, where he made over 100 appearances, before joining Oxford United in January 2008 on loan for the remainder of the 2007–08 season. Blackwood returned to Kidderminster before his loan at Oxford ended due to injury problem and neither club offered him a new contract at the end of the season. He joined Mansfield Town in July 2008.
Blackwood joined Conference North side Tamworth on loan from Mansfield in March 2009. He made his debut in the 3–2 victory away at Hucknall Town.
Blackwood returned to Mansfield Town following his loan spell with Tamworth, and was told he would be released from Mansfield Town, at the end of his contract on 5 May 2009. On 25 June 2010, it was announced that he had signed for Brackley Town. In October 2010 he joined Solihull Moors on loan, returning to Brackley at the beginning of January 2011.
In August 2011 he joined Solihull Moors on a permanent basis.
During the 2015/16 season, Blackwood has turned out for Midland Football League side Lichfield City.
References
External links
Lincoln City F.C. Official Archive Profile
Living people
1979 births
English footballers
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Chester City F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Worcester City F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
Halesowen Town F.C. players
Telford United F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
Oxford United F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Tamworth F.C. players
Brackley Town F.C. players
Solihull Moors F.C. players
Lichfield City F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
The Hope Flying Dutch women's basketball program represents Hope College in women's basketball at the NCAA Division III level as a member of the Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association.
References
External links
Basketball teams established in 1972
The Premier League Asia Trophy (formerly the FA Premier League Asia Cup) is a biennial pre-season association football friendly tournament in Asia. The two-day competition was inaugurated in 2003 and is "the only Premier League-affiliated competition" to be hosted outside England. It has taken place every other summer since then in order to avoid conflicting with the FIFA World Cup and the UEFA European Championship. For sponsorship purposes, it was referred to as the Barclays Asia Trophy from 2007 until 2015, after which the Premier League discontinued title sponsorship.
The competition features three clubs that are members of the Premier League, as well as a local team from the host country. It employs a knockout system in which the winners of the first matches advance to the final, while the losing teams take part in a third place playoff. The tournament format was partly modified for the 2017 edition, with no local team participating after the withdrawal of Shanghai SIPG. A fourth Premier League club – Crystal Palace – agreed to take their place having avoided relegation and played alongside Liverpool, Leicester City, and West Bromwich Albion. This marked the first time the tournament featured teams solely from the Premier League.
Chelsea won the inaugural tournament in 2003, and finished victorious again in 2011. Seven other sides have won the Premier League Asia Trophy: Bolton Wanderers in 2005, Portsmouth in 2007, Tottenham Hotspur in 2009, Manchester City in 2013, Arsenal in 2015, Liverpool in 2017, and Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2019. Manchester City is the most regular participant, having contested the tournament on three occasions. Thailand's under-23 national team are the only local Asian side to advance to the final of the contest. Hong Kong has hosted the tournament four times, more than any other city.
The Premier League announced that the four English teams taking part in the 2019 competition would be Manchester City, Newcastle United, West Ham United and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
History
The FA Premier League Asia Cup, as it was originally known, was first organised in March 2003 by ESPN STAR Sports and formally announced by the league's chairman, Dave Richards. It was established as a result of "the increasing popularity of the Premier League in the continent". Asia and Oceania accounted for the league's largest audience during the 2013–14 season with 339.5 million viewers. Moreover, China (52%), India (49%), and Thailand (47%) had "the largest broadcast penetration" among international markets after Nigeria. With the contest scheduled to take place three weeks before the start of the league season, it is intended to serve as the last warm-up event for participating teams before they embark on competitive football.
The inaugural tournament took place between 24 July and 27 July 2003, with Chelsea, Newcastle, Birmingham City, and Malaysia taking part. The final saw 47,500 people filling the Bukit Jalil National Stadium in Kuala Lumpur. Chelsea won the first tournament, edging Newcastle 5–4 in a penalty shootout that went to sudden death after a goalless draw at full time. Two years later Bolton Wanderers made an appearance alongside Everton, Manchester City, and the Thai under-23 national team, and defeated the local side 1–0 in the final, courtesy of a late penalty by El Hadji Diouf.
The 2007 edition was held in Hong Kong, coinciding with the 10th anniversary of the city's transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom to China. It was the first event to feature Barclays as the title sponsor. The title match was an upset in which Portsmouth held Liverpool to a goalless draw, before their goalkeeper David James saved two spot kicks in the ensuing penalty shootout that ended 4–2 in Portsmouth's favour. Despite the fact that the Premier League Asia Trophy was sold out for the first time in its history, the right to host the 2009 competition was awarded to Beijing. The attendance for that contest, however, was underwhelming, with only 10,000 people present for the final at the 66,000-capacity Workers' Stadium, where Tottenham Hotspur beat Hull City 3–0 thanks to a brace from Robbie Keane.
The next two tournaments saw the Premier League Asia Trophy return to Hong Kong. In 2011, Chelsea participated in the competition a second time, and regained the trophy by triumphing 2–0 against Aston Villa before a capacity crowd at the Hong Kong Stadium. Manchester City won the 2013 event, which was overshadowed by heavy rain causing the semifinal matches to be abbreviated to 80 minutes and leading to the degradation of the stadium's playing surface. The quality of the pitch was universally lambasted, especially after several players were consequently injured while playing on it.
The 2015 edition was hosted by Singapore to honour the city-state's 50th anniversary of independence from Malaysia. Arsenal claimed their first Premier League Asia Trophy, routing the host country's Select XI side 4–0 behind a Chuba Akpom hat-trick, before defeating Everton 3–1 in the final. The event saw tournament attendance records broken for most people at a single match day (52,107) and the largest cumulative attendance across the two days (just short of 82,000).
The 2017 event featured Liverpool, Leicester City, West Bromwich Albion, and Crystal Palace. Due to the success of the Asia Trophy, the Premier League has considered establishing similar competitions in other continents to broaden their global presence. Richard Scudamore, the league's executive chairman, envisions Africa and the United States to be likely locations for such tournaments.
Tournaments
Performance by team
Notes
References
International club association football competitions in Asia
Recurring sporting events established in 2003
The Naked Heart (French title: Maria Chapdelaine) is a 1950 British-French historical drama film directed by Marc Allégret, based on the novel Maria Chapdelaine by Louis Hémon. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Kieron Moore and Françoise Rosay. It was released in separate English and French versions. A previous film version had been made in 1934.
It tells the story of a convent girl in a remote Northern Canadian village at the beginning of the 20th century.
Cast
Michèle Morgan as Maria Chapdelaine
Kieron Moore as Lorenzo Surprenant
Françoise Rosay as Laura Chapdelaine
Jack Watling as Robert Gagnon
Philippe Lemaire as François Paradis
Nancy Price as Theresa Suprenant
Francis de Wolff as Papa Suprenant
George Woodbridge as Samuel Chapdelaine
Brian Roper as Tit-Be Chapdelaine
References
External links
1950 films
1950s English-language films
English-language French films
1950s French-language films
British historical drama films
1950s historical drama films
Films directed by Marc Allégret
French black-and-white films
Films based on French novels
Films based on Canadian novels
Films set in Quebec
1950 drama films
British black-and-white films
1950s British films
1950s French films
Víctor Gustavo Velázquez Ramos (born 17 April 1991) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a centre-back for Argentine club Newell's Old Boys, on loan from FC Juárez.
References
External links
Víctor Velázquez at Soccerway
Víctor Velázquez at Soccerstand
Víctor Velázquez at Football Database EU
Víctor Velázquez at Official Liga MX Profile
1991 births
Living people
Paraguayan footballers
Paraguayan expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Cerro Porteño players
Sportivo Luqueño players
Club Nacional footballers
Club Sol de América footballers
Lobos BUAP footballers
FC Juárez footballers
Paraguayan Primera División players
Liga MX players
Argentine Primera División players
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
The Ministry of Youth and Sports of Azerbaijan Republic () is a governmental agency within the Cabinet of Azerbaijan in charge of regulating activities related to sports and youth development in Azerbaijan Republic. The ministry is headed by Farid Gayibov.
History
The Ministry of Youth and Sport was established on July 26, 1994 by the Presidential Decree No. 179. The statute of the ministry was approved by the National Assembly of Azerbaijan with Resolution No. 861. The ministry was based on the immediate need for development of Azerbaijani youth which suffered from several years of the first Nagorno-Karabakh War. It was estimated that at least 30% of the Azerbaijani refugees and IDPs were young people under the age of 25. Fourteen committees within the ministry were formed to analyze how the young people should relate to such topics as religion, business, crime, drugs, education, agriculture, health, sports, ideology, politics, entertainment. The results of government's attention to sports was immediate. In 1995, Azerbaijani athletes brought home 52 medals, including 23 gold. They excelled most in wrestling, boxing, judo, and karate. On April 18, 2001 the Council of Foreign Tourism under the administration of Cabinet of Ministers of Azerbaijan was liquidated and its functions were transferred to the Ministry of Youth and Sport, subsequently re-establishing it as the Ministry of Youth, Sport and Tourism. On January 30, 2006 according to the Presidential Decree of Ilham Aliyev, the ministry was split up thus re-establishing the Ministry of Youth and Sport and forming a new Ministry of Tourism which was later transformed into the Ministry of Culture and Tourism.
Structure
The ministry is headed by the minister aided by two deputy ministers. Main functions of the ministry are education and training of younger generation in accordance with national strategy of youth development in social, economic and cultural life of the country; education of the youth with universal and national values; ensuring social, moral and healthy physical development of the youth; teaching and popularizing values involving historical and cultural heritage of Azerbaijan among the youth; popularization of patriotic activities ensuring loyalty to the homeland; cooperation with other relevant governmental structures to assure increase in workplaces for youth; assistance in realization of state programs on solution of social problems of orphanages and children in poor families; protection of rights of children; participation in and motivation to create youth organizations throughout the country; ensure cooperation of youth organizations with their peers abroad and their participation in international conferences; implementation of state programs in the sphere of physical training of the youth; promotion of all kinds of sports activities in social life. The ministry also holds annual Festival of Creative Students aiming to improve the aesthetic education of students, revealing creative and talented young people, and increasing its public support.
Responsibilities of the Ministry
to ensure the implementation of state improvement programs;
to carry out regulation in this area;
to direct the activities of executive bodies and non-governmental organizations linked with this sector;
to carry out state control in this sector in accordance with law;
to create conditions for the implementation of international agreements, where Azerbaijan participates;
the introduction of scientific and technological achievements, taking into consideration international experience in the sector and the provision of research and the use of their success in practice;
to take part in the field together with the executive authorities in the development of future plans for the progress of this sector;
to create conditions for the protection of the secret regime and state secrets, as well as take security measures;
to inform the public about their activities;
to create a unified information system for this sector;
to effectively exploit budget funds allocated in a certain sphere;
to prepare personnel, create opportunities for international experts to acquire expertise;
to organize discussion clubs for young people;
to help solve the educational and social problems of youth, create a creative environment for them;
to teach young people the basics of modern management and market economy, efficient production organization;
to participate in the sphere of protecting the rights of young people of their social protection, to provide young people with work;
to contribute to ensuring the solution of the problems of young disabled people and war invalids;
to contribute to the solution of social, domestic problems of youth in conjunction with the executive authorities;
education of young people about a healthy lifestyle, take part in events held by executive bodies and non-governmental organizations;
to prepare and implement appropriate programs to engage students in politics;
to take measures to clarify the role of physical education and sports in the upbringing of comprehensively developed youth;
to encourage and promote physical culture and sports in the country;
to ensure the protection and strengthening of the health of children, youth and students in educational institutions and preschool educational institutions with the help of physical culture and sports, determine the standards for physical training in such institutions;
to create a favorable environment for the employment of young people with disabilities in physical culture and sports, participate in sports competitions, organize national and international tournaments;
to carry out state registration and state technical inspection of motor vehicles intended for the use in sport and competition, belonging to individuals and legal entities;
to establish a schedule of sports competitions and training fees and ensure their conduct;
to regulate the basic rules of sports competitions, organize and conduct work on traditional and new kinds of sports;
to supervise preparation of complex measures on medical and biological and scientific-methodical preparation of national teams;
to collect information about the needs of organizations, the population, who are engaged in sports;
to ratify the records of Azerbaijan on kinds of sports;
to prepare and approve the provisions on levels for physical education and sports professionals, as well as providing professional ranks for trainers, trainers - methodologists;
accreditation of non-governmental organizations, federations and other entities operating in the sporting field within their authority;
providing the population with sports and recreational services;
to fight against doping in sport;
to analyze complaints and statements about the activities of the Ministry and take measures in accordance with the law;
to perform other duties in accordance with the procedure established by law.
Rights of the Ministry
to develop projects in this area:
to put forward proposals on the main directions of state policy in this sphere;
to initiate the participation of Azerbaijan in international treaties;
to make proposals on attracting investments into the sphere within the scope of their authority;
to cooperate with relevant international organizations, relevant structures of foreign states, study the experience of foreign states;
to make proposals for holding international events;
to make analyzes and generalizations, to prepare analytical materials, to conduct research, to put forward proposals;
to promote the training and professional development of specialists in this sphere within the limits of the means provided for these purposes;
to organize a variety of trainings, courses, seminars, etc .;
to invite objective experts and experts in their activities;
to replicate special bulletins and other publications, create websites, use them according to law;
to study existing social and everyday problems of young people, in particular, young families, and propose solutions to them;
to carry out a comprehensive analysis and forecasting of the main areas of activity on the progress of physical culture and sports;
to collect, analyze and submit to relevant bodies statistical materials from sports children's and youth schools and specialized children's and youth schools of Olympic reserves;
to give honorable sporting titles, to reward representatives of sports clubs and organizations, workers, activists working in the field of physical culture and sports;
to exercise other rights in accordance with the type of activity established by law.
International Agreements
International agreements , the participant of which Ministry of Youth and Sports is:
1. Memorandum of mutual understanding on cooperation in the field of sports between the Ministry of Youth and Sports of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (Department of Sport and Tourism) April 9, 1996. Islamabad
2. Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan on cooperation in the field of youth and sport 1996 September 16. Baku
3. Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Government of Georgia on cooperation in the field of youth employment February 1997 18. Baku
4. Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Government of the Republic of Uzbekistan on cooperation in the field of sports and youth June 18, 1997. Tashkent
See also
Cabinet of Azerbaijan
Sport in Azerbaijan
References
External links
International agreements
Youth and Sports
Azerbaijan
Azerbaijan, Youth and Sports
Sport in Azerbaijan
Angadrisma (Angadrême, Angadresima, Angadreme, Angradesma, Andragasyna) (d. ca. 695) was a seventh-century abbess and saint, daughter of Robert I, Bishop of Tours. A cousin to Lambert, Bishop of Lyon, she was educated at Thérouanne by Lambert and Saint Audomare (Omer).
Although she wished to become a nun, she was promised in an arranged marriage to Saint Ansbert of Chaussy. Tradition states that Angadrisma, wishing for a way out, prayed fervently and was stricken with leprosy. She was cured when she was allowed to become a nun and received the veil from Saint Ouen, archbishop of Rouen.
She became abbess of the Benedictine convent of Oroër-des-Vierges, near Beauvais.
Angadrisma is portrayed in art with her face pitted by leprous skin. She is venerated as the patron of the diocese of Beauvais.
References
External links
Ste Angadrême, vierge; Patronne principale de Beauvais website of Le diocèse de Beauvais, Noyon et Senlis
Saint of the Day, October 14: Angadrisma website of Saint Patrick Catholic Church, Washington, DC
Saint Angadrisma of Beauvais Saints.SQPN.com
7th-century births
690s deaths
Frankish abbesses
7th-century Frankish saints
Christian female saints of the Middle Ages
7th-century Frankish nuns
Two justices of the seven-member North Carolina Supreme Court and four judges of the fifteen-member North Carolina Court of Appeals will be elected by North Carolina voters on November 8, 2022, concurrently with other state elections. Terms for seats on each court are eight years. These elections will be conducted on a partisan basis.
Primary elections were originally set to be held on March 8, 2022, but were delayed by order of the Supreme Court, and then rescheduled for May 17, 2022. Candidate filing began on December 6, 2021, but was suspended by the court's order. Filing later resumed, and ended on March 4, 2022.
Supreme Court Seat 3
This seat is currently held by Associate Justice Robin E. Hudson, a Democrat, who has held the seat since 2007. There was some speculation that Hudson would choose to not run for re-election, due to the fact that she was nearing the mandatory retirement age of 72. Hudson's mandatory retirement would be February 29, 2024. If Hudson were to be re-elected to another term, she would only be able to serve a little over 13 months of her eight-year term.
On December 1, 2021, Hudson announced that she would not be seeking re-election. Court of Appeals Judge Lucy Inman is running for this seat.
Democratic primary
As only one Democrat filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
Lucy Inman, Court of Appeals Judge (2015-present) and candidate for Supreme Court in 2020
Declined
Robin E. Hudson, Associate Justice (since 2007)
Republican primary
As only one Republican filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
Richard Dietz, Court of Appeals Judge (2014-present)
General election
Polling
Graphical summary
Results
Supreme Court Seat 5
This seat is currently held by Associate Justice Sam J. Ervin IV, a Democrat, who has held the seat since 2015. Ervin is running for re-election to a second term.
Democratic primary
As only one Democrat filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
Sam J. Ervin IV, Associate Justice (2015-present)
Republican primary
Nominee
Trey Allen, professor at UNC-Chapel Hill
Eliminated in primary
Victoria E. Prince
April C. Wood, Court of Appeals Judge (2021-present)
Endorsements
Polling
Results
General election
Polling
Graphical summary
Results
Court of Appeals Seat 8 (Inman seat)
Lucy Inman, a Democrat, was elected to this seat in 2014. Inman is running for a seat on the Supreme Court in 2022.
Democratic primary
As only one Democrat filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
Carolyn Jennings Thompson, former District Court and former Superior Court judge
Declined
Lucy Inman, Court of Appeals Judge (2015-present) and candidate for Supreme Court in 2020
Republican primary
As only one Republican filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
Julee Tate Flood
General election
Results
Court of Appeals Seat 9 (Stroud seat)
Donna Stroud, a Republican, was first elected to the Court of Appeals in 2006 and subsequently re-elected. She was appointed to the position of Chief Judge by then-Chief Justice Cheri Beasley and assumed that role on January 1, 2021. Stroud is running for re-election.
Democratic primary
As only one Democrat filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
Brad A. Salmon, District Court Judge and former state House of Representatives member
Republican primary
Nominee
Donna Stroud, Court of Appeals Judge (2007–present) (Chief Judge 2021–present)
Elimnated in primary
Beth Freshwater Smith, District Court Judge
Polling
Endorsements
Results
General election
Results
Court of Appeals Seat 10 (Tyson seat)
John M. Tyson, a Republican, was elected to this seat in 2014 after previously serving on the court from 2001 to 2009. Tyson is seeking re-election.
Democratic primary
As only one Democrat filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
Gale Murray Adams, Superior Court Judge
Republican primary
As only one Republican filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
John M. Tyson, Court of Appeals Judge (2001-2009; 2015-2021)
General election
Results
Court of Appeals Seat 11 (Jackson seat)
Darren Jackson, a Democrat, was appointed to this seat by Governor Roy Cooper in 2020, to fill the vacancy created by Phil Berger Jr.'s election to the Supreme Court. Jackson is seeking election to a full term.
Democratic primary
As only one Democrat filed to run for this seat, a primary was not held.
Nominee
Darren Jackson, Court of Appeals Judge (2021-present), former state representative (2009-2020), former House minority leader (2017-2020)
Republican primary
Nominee
Michael J. Stading, Air Force JAG and former prosecutor
Eliminated in primary
Charlton L. Allen, former member of the North Carolina Industrial Commission, former chair of Iredell County Republican Party
Results
General election
Results
Notes
Partisan clients
References
External links
Official campaign websites for Supreme Court candidates
Seat 3
Richard Dietz (R)
Lucy Inman (D)
Seat 5
Trey Allen (R)
Sam J. Ervin, IV (D)
April C. Wood (R)
Official campaign websites for Court of Appeals candidates
Seat 8
Julee Tate Flood (R)
Carolyn Thompson (D)
Seat 9
Beth Freshwater-Smith (R)
Brad Salmon (D)
Donna Stroud (R)
Seat 10
Gale Adams (D)
John Tyson (R)
Seat 11
Charlton Allen (R)
Darren Jackson (D)
Michael Stading (R)
judicial
2022
Mark Christopher Blackhall (born 17 November 1960 in Upney, Essex) is an English former footballer who played as a striker, mainly for the Orient.
Blackhall was a product of the Orient's youth system, and made his first team debut as a substitute in the 1981–82 FA Cup third round victory over Charlton Athletic on 2 January 1982. After making three league appearances as a substitute, his first senior start came in the 3–0 victory over Leicester City on 18 May 1982.
He featured occasionally for the Orient during the following season, and scored his only goal for the club, a diving header, in the 5–2 defeat at Brentford on 22 January 1983. He also appeared in the 1–0 defeat at Newport County in the second round of the 1982–83 FA Cup, both legs of the 3–2 aggregate defeat to Gillingham in the first round of the League Cup that season, and all three of the Orient's matches in the Football League Trophy. Although Blackhall was never a first team regular, Orient manager Ken Knighton praised him for his attitude in training.
Later that year, he moved into non-league football with Chelmsford City, and later owned a nightclub in Southend-on-Sea.
Statistics
References
1960 births
English footballers
Association football forwards
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Chelmsford City F.C. players
Living people
Bathysoma lutkeni is an extinct lamprid from the Danian age of Sweden, and is the second oldest lamprid known, after Nardovelifer of Campanian/Maastrichtian Italy. B. lutkeni has a disk-shaped body and an elongated head. It was originally described as a menid bony fish. Later, it was described as being a basal snake mackerel. Eventually, anatomical similarities with the Turkmenids were noted, and B. lutkeni is now regarded as an extremely basal lamprid.
References
External links
Bathysoma at the Paleobiology Database
Lampridiformes
Ray-finned fish enigmatic taxa
Lampriformes
Paleocene fish
Paleocene genus extinctions
Paleogene fish of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 1890
The 2018–19 Marshall Thundering Herd men's basketball team represented Marshall University during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Thundering Herd, led by fifth-year head coach Dan D'Antoni, played their home games at the Cam Henderson Center as members of Conference USA. They finished the season 23–14, 11–7 in C-USA play to finish in sixth place. They defeated Rice before losing to Southern Miss in the quarterfinals of the C-USA Tournament. They were invited to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament where they defeated IUPUI, Presbyterian, Hampton and Green Bay to become CIT champions.
Previous season
The Thundering Herd finished the 2017–18 season 25–11, 12–6 in C-USA play to finish in fourth place. They defeated UTSA, Southern Miss, and Western Kentucky to become champions of the C-USA Tournament. They received C-USA's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament where, as a No. 13 seed, they upset No. 4 seed Wichita State 81–75 in the First Round before losing to No. 5 seed and rival West Virginia in the Second Round.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2018 recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-Conference Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Conference USA regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Conference USA Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style=|CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament
|-
References
Marshall Thundering Herd men's basketball seasons
Marshall
Marsh
Marsh
Marshall
CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament championship seasons
Hwe or HWE may refer to:
Hwe (Cyrillic), a letter of the Cyrillic script
Hwe language, spoken in Ghana, Togo, and Benin
Hardy–Weinberg equilibrium
Home War Establishment of the Royal Canadian Air Force
Horner–Wadsworth–Emmons reaction
Hostile work environment, a term of art in United States labor law
Hot water extraction
Sunwoo Hwe, South Korean writer
Hardware Enablement, a Linux kernel issue inbetween stable kernel versions to catch up with the newest hardware technologies; opposed by General Availability (GA)
See also
Hoe (food) (pronounced hwe), a Korean dish
Custer County is a rural mountain county in the center of the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,275. The county seat is Challis. Established in 1881, the county was named for the General Custer Mine, where gold was discovered five years earlier. Custer County relies on ranching, mining, and tourism as its main resources.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water. It is the third-largest county in Idaho by area.
The Lost River Range, the state's highest mountains, are located in eastern Custer County. The highest is Borah Peak, the highest natural point in Idaho at . On the western border of the county is Idaho's famous Sawtooth Range; the tallest is Thompson Peak in Custer County, above picturesque Redfish Lake. Twenty miles (32 km) east are the White Cloud Mountains, the tallest of which is Castle Peak at .
The Salmon River and Big Lost River flows through Custer County.
Adjacent counties
Lemhi County - north
Butte County - east
Blaine County - south
Elmore County - southwest
Boise County - southwest
Valley County - west
Major highways
US 93
National protected areas
Challis National Forest (part)
Sawtooth National Forest (part)
Sawtooth National Recreation Area (part)
Hemingway–Boulders Wilderness (part)
Jim McClure–Jerry Peak Wilderness
Sawtooth Wilderness (part)
Cecil D. Andrus–White Clouds Wilderness
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,342 people, 1,770 households, and 1,196 families living in the county. The population density was 0.88 people per square mile (0.34/km2). There were 2,983 housing units at an average density of 0.60 per square mile (0.23/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.28% White, 0.55% Native American, 0.02% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.17% from other races, and 0.94% from two or more races. 4.21% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 18.6% were of English, 17.0% German, 10.9% Irish and 9.9% American ancestry.
There were 1,770 households, out of which 29.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.10% were married couples living together, 4.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.40% were non-families. 27.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.50% under the age of 18, 4.80% from 18 to 24, 25.90% from 25 to 44, 29.30% from 45 to 64, and 14.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 104.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,174, and the median income for a family was $39,551. Males had a median income of $32,255 versus $21,463 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,783. About 10.70% of families and 14.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.70% of those under age 18 and 12.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 4,368 people, 1,936 households, and 1,244 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 3,103 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.4% white, 0.6% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.5% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 34.3% were English, 25.6% were German, 19.5% were Irish, and 2.8% were American.
Of the 1,936 households, 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were married couples living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.7% were non-families, and 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.74. The median age was 48.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,910 and the median income for a family was $56,710. Males had a median income of $42,865 versus $27,317 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,625. About 10.1% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.2% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Custer County is overwhelmingly Republican. The last Democrat to carry the county was John F. Kennedy in 1960, since 1968 no Democrat has passed 37 percent of the county's vote, and the last to pass 28 percent was Michael Dukakis in 1988. However, unusually for so Republican a county, the westernmost precincts adjacent to Blaine County give Democratic majorities in most statewide elections. In the 2008 Presidential election, it supported Republican John McCain over Democrat Barack Obama by a margin of 71 percent to 25 percent. In 2012, the county gave Mitt Romney a first ballot victory in the Republican primary caucus and subsequently voted 74.1 percent for him in the Presidential election. In 2016, Donald Trump won the Republican primaries with 41.8 percent of support in the county although Ted Cruz won the state with 45.5 percent.
Communities
Cities
Challis
Clayton
Lost River
Mackay
Stanley
Unincorporated communities
Dickey
Ellis
Goldburg
Ghost towns
Bayhorse
Bonanza
Custer
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Custer County, Idaho
References
External links
Challis School District #181
Further reading
The History of Custer County
Idaho counties
1881 establishments in Idaho Territory
Populated places established in 1881
Karmayogi may refer to
Karmayogi (1978 film), a Bollywood film directed by Ram Maheshwari
Karmayogi (2012 film), a Malayalam film adaptation of Shakespeare's Hamlet, directed by V. K. Prakash
The National Constitution Center is a non-profit institution devoted to the Constitution of the United States. On Independence Mall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the center is an interactive museum and a national town hall for constitutional dialogue, hosting government leaders, journalists, scholars, and celebrities for public discussions (including presidential debates). The center offers civic learning resources onsite and online. It does not house the original Constitution, which is stored at the National Archives Building in Washington, D.C.
The groundbreaking ceremony was held on September 17, 2000, the 213th anniversary of the signing of the Constitution. The center opened on July 4, 2003, joining other historic sites and attractions in what has been called "America's most historic square mile" because of its proximity to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell.
Background
The center was created by the Constitution Heritage Act. Approved on September 16, 1988, and signed by President Ronald Reagan, the act defined the National Constitution Center as "within or in close proximity to the Independence National Historical Park. The Center shall disseminate information about the United States Constitution on a non-partisan basis in order to increase the awareness and understanding of the Constitution among the American people." The center is at 525 Arch Street, an address chosen because May 25 (5/25) was the date that the Constitutional Convention began in Philadelphia.
The architectural firm of Pei Cobb Freed & Partners designed the center, and Leslie E. Robertson Associates were the structural engineers for the project. Witold Rybczynski of The New York Times wrote, "Quiet but assertive, respectful of its surroundings, considerate of its public, this building is destined to take its place among the nation's leading public monuments."
Ralph Appelbaum Associates designed the center's visitor experience and exhibition hall. The public space is , including galleries. The center has of exhibit space. The center is made of American products, including of Indiana limestone, 2.6 million pounds of steel, and a half-million cubic feet of concrete. Construction of the center was overseen by project manager Hill International.
Prior to its closure in December 2019, the Newseum, a journalism-themed museum in Washington D.C., had featured a four-story-tall stone panel inscribed with the text of the First Amendment as part of its exterior design. The Freedom Forum, a nonprofit organization that created the museum, announced in March 2021 that the panel would be dismantled and donated to the National Constitution Center for display in its second-floor atrium.
Leadership
The National Constitution Center board of trustees appointed law professor, legal commentator, and former visiting scholar Jeffrey Rosen to serve as president and chief executive officer of the center; Rosen began his tenure in June 2013. The chairmen of the board of the Center have been:
Civic education
Originally through its Annenberg Center for Education and Outreach, the center offers onsite and online civic-education programs and a study center which develops and distributes teaching tools, lesson plans and resources.
Public engagement
The center has hosted several debates, including a 2008 Democratic presidential primary debate between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama a town hall meeting with Senator John McCain, and a 2006 Pennsylvania Senatorial debate between Republican incumbent Rick Santorum and Democratic challenger Bob Casey.
Liberty Medal
In 2006 the center became home to the Philadelphia Liberty Medal, an annual award established in 1988 to recognize "men and women of courage and conviction who strive to secure the blessings of liberty to people around the globe."
Reception
George Will wrote for The Washington Post, "At the other end of the mall sparkles a modernist jewel of America's civic life, the National Constitution Center". Jason DeParle wrote for The New York Times Learning Network, "Since opening in 2003, [the National Constitution Center] has put forward a vision of constitutional history both left and right have embraced." According to The Philadelphia Inquirer, "The National Constitution Center has established itself as one of the city's cultural celebs, attracting a million visitors a year, putting pizzazz into civic and educational offerings, hosting blockbuster exhibitions, and attracting the nation's intellectual cognoscenti and media elite like bears to honey."
Gallery
See also
Philadelphia Liberty Medal – An annual award administered by the Center
Constitution Day (United States)
Independence National Historical Park
Founding Fathers of the United States
Landmark Cases: Historic Supreme Court Decisions, 2015 TV series
References
External links
Peter Jennings Project for Journalists and the Constitution
Podcast interview with Eli Lesser – Director of Education for the National Constitution Center from the Speaking of History podcast, July 2007
Constitution Daily blog of the National Constitution Center
Buildings and structures in Independence National Historical Park
History museums in Pennsylvania
Independence National Historical Park
Museums established in 2004
Museums in Philadelphia
Old City, Philadelphia
Constitution of the United States
2004 establishments in Pennsylvania
Invasion Force is a science fiction action video game produced by the Tandy Corporation in June, 1979. Invasion Force was a text-based, real-time, Star Trek style game.
Gameplay
The player is in control of the USS Hephaestus and must make decisions to manage resources, such as fuel and ammunition, so the ship does not become stranded in space while fending off "Jovian" attacks. There are 10 levels of difficulty.
Reception
Glenn Mai reviewed Invasion Force in The Space Gamer No. 36. Mai commented that "If you don't have a Star Trek game and want one, get Invasion Force."
References
External links
Review in Personal Computer World
1979 video games
TRS-80 games
TRS-80-only games
Video games developed in the United States
Don Juan is a 1950 Spanish romantic adventure film directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia and starring Antonio Vilar, Annabella and María Rosa Salgado. It is based on the legend of Don Juan.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Georges Wakhévitch. It was shot at the Estudios Ballesteros in Madrid.
Synopsis
Following the death of his father, Don Juan returns from Venice to his native Seville. He discovers that in order to receive his inheritance he has to marry a particular woman Doña Iñés.
Cast
Antonio Vilar as Don Juan
Annabella as Lady Ontiveras
María Rosa Salgado as Doña Iñés de Ulloa
Enrique Guitart as Don Luís Mejía
José Ramón Giner as Chuti
Santiago Rivero as Don Gonzalo de Ulloa
Mario Berriatúa as Hernando
Fernando Fernández de Córdoba as Don Félix Calderón
Mary Lamar as Condesa de Guadix
María Asquerino as Claudina
Manolo Morán as Arturo
Carlos Agostí as Gitano
Honorina Fernández as Ama de Doña Inés
Mercedes Castellanos as Isabella
Jacinto San Emeterio as Octavio
Nicolás D. Perchicot as Fray Cardenio
Juan Vázquez as Butarelli
Francisco Pierrá as Don Diego Tenorio
Beni Deus as Capitán del barco
Julia Lajos as Posadera
References
Bibliography
Wright, Sarah. Tales of Seduction: The Figure of Don Juan in Spanish Culture. I.B.Tauris, 2012.
External links
1950 films
1950s historical adventure films
Spanish historical adventure films
1950s Spanish-language films
Films directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
Cifesa films
Films set in Seville
Spanish black-and-white films
1950s Spanish films
Krown Power is the thirteenth studio album by American hip hop group Kottonmouth Kings. The standard version of the album contains 18 tracks, and the deluxe edition contains 37 tracks.
Background
Since early/mid 2014, Kottonmouth Kings have been talking about their new album, and posting pictures on their social media accounts of them working on the album.
Promotion
In early/mid 2014 KMK posted their first photo of the group together taking promo shots for the new album Krown Power. Since then they have continued to do so on all their social media accounts. They plan to go on tour to promote the album during the summer of 2015. On March 30, 2015 Daddy X posted a picture on his Facebook account saying that the album will now be released in June 2015, and will release a music video/single every month leading up to the release of the album. On April 20, 2015 the first music video was released titled, Ganja Glow. In late April/early May a short 18 second clips of the new music video titled Our City was released. It was announced in late May/early June that you could pre order the 18 song album. And in one of the packages you could pre order the album in included a bonus disc with 19 extra songs. On July 17, 2015 the album was made available for preorder, and the track list was revealed. On July 31, 2015 the second music video was released. KMK is working on music videos for the songs "Our City", "Pump Up Da Bass", "Ganja Glow", "Audio War" and "Permastoned".
Music videos/singles
The first single was released on April 20, 2015, titled "Ganja Glow" and featuring United Family Music artist Marlon Asher. The end of the song featured a snippet of the song "Our City".
In May 2015 KMK posted pictures of the group shooting the video for the song "Our City". The second single was "Our City" and released the music video on July 31, 2015 also launching United Family Music's official web page.
In June 2015 KMK posted pictures of the group shooting the video for the song "Audio War". A few days into shooting the video KMK member Daddy X, and a crew member were injured during the shoot and delayed shooting for a few days.
A few weeks later KMK posted pictures of the group shooting a video for the song "Pump Up Da Bass". On August 5, 2015 KMK released the third single titled "Pump Up Da Bass" featuring Marlon Asher and was accompanied by a music video.
In late July KMK posted pictures of the group shooting a video for the song "Permastoned".
In early August KMK posted pictures of the group shooting a video for the song "Sink Or Swim".
On August 14, 2015 KMK released the new single titled "Kronitron".
Track listing
Personnel
Daddy X – lyrics, vocals, production
D-Loc – lyrics, vocals, production
The Dirtball – lyrics, vocals, production
Lou Dogg – drums, percussion
Marlon Asher – vocals, lyrics ("Pump Up Da Bass", "Don't Feel Down" & "Ganja Glow")
Jared Gomes – vocals, lyrics ("Keep It Movin'")
C4MULA – vocals, lyrics ("Tbh", "Eternal Speed", "Fuck Whatcha Heard", "Walk The Line", "Same Way", "Coming For You" & "Intoxifaded")
Nicky Gritts - vocals, lyrics ("Same Way")
Insane Clown Posse – vocals, lyrics ("Fuck Off")
Deluxe edition
Daddy X – lyrics, vocals, production
D-Loc – lyrics, vocals, production
The Dirtball – lyrics, vocals, production
Lou Dogg – drums, percussion
C4Mula – lyrics, vocals ("Eternal Speed", "Walk The Line")
Saint Dog – lyrics, vocals ("Fuck Whatcha Heard")
Twiztid – lyrics, vocals ("1 More Body)
Blaze Ya Dead Homie – ("1 More Body")
Hed pe ("1 More Body")
Allensworth – vocals, lyrics ("Digital Flow")
Pilot Touhill – vocals, lyrics ("Let's Light Up")
Songs by other artists
Upso12 – ("Summer Lovin'" ft. D-Loc & Judge D)
The Dirtball – ("Microphone Murdura")
Chucky Chuck ("Laughing" ft. Daddy X)
D-Loc – ("Smoked Out" ft. Judge D)
Pilot Touhill – ("6:00 am")
C4MULA & Nicky Gritts – ("Same Way" ft. Daddy X)
Allensworth & C4mula – ("Coming For You")
C4mula – ("Intoxifaded" ft. Chucky Chuck)
DJ Dogboy – ("Passion Hustling")
Charts
References
2015 albums
Hardcore hip hop albums
Kottonmouth Kings albums
The Utes went 8–4 in the 2001 season, starting 7–2 before losing the last two conference games. They finished the season with a victory over a Carson Palmer-led USC Trojans team in the 2001 Las Vegas Bowl.
Schedule
Roster
After the season
NFL draft
Two players went in the 2002 NFL Draft, and one player was signed as an undrafted free agent.
References
Utah
Utah Utes football seasons
Las Vegas Bowl champion seasons
Utah Utes football
Ferdinand Ohene-Kena (March 28, 1936 October 4, 2019) was a professional Mining Engineer and a political figure in the Republic of Ghana.
Early life
Born in Kukurantumi, a town in the Eastern Region of Ghana, Mr. Ohene-Kena was the third of 7 children born to his parents.
Fred was a product of Ghana Secondary Technical School (GSTS) in Takoradi in the Western Region of Ghana. He received a scholarship to attend the Camborne School of Mines in the UK where he earned his first degree in Mining Engineering becoming one of the very first Ghanaians to do so. He later attended the Imperial College of London to earn his master's degree.
Career
He has served his country in a number of offices including what was his home territory as Eastern Regional Secretary during the PNDC era. Prior to that he served as the Under-Secretary for Lands & Natural Resources. He also served as Ghana's Ambassador to the Czech Republic before returning home to hold the position of Minister for Mines & Energy from 1997 until 1999 during the 2nd term of the Rawlings government. During the Kuffour administration, he was the Eastern Regional Chairman for the NDC political party. He later served on the Economic Advisory Council (EAC) and the Judicial Council of Ghana during the Mills administration and also served as the Chairman of the Minerals Commission of Ghana. On June 1, 2010, he was also appointed to the AngloGold Ashanti Board of Directors as a Non-Executive member. He held the position of Chairman of Ghana Bauxite Company Ltd during and after the PNDC era.
Awards and recognition
In 2009, during the 10th anniversary of Okyehene Osagyefuo Amoatia Ofori Panin II, he was conferred the Okyeman Kanea -the highest and most prestigious award by the Okyehene for his contributions in mining to Akyem Abuakwa.
In November 2017, Mr. Ferdinand Ohene-Kena was awarded the LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD by the Ghana Chamber of Mines.
Death
On October 4, 2019, Fred peacefully died after a prolonged illness.
References
External links
Judicial.gov.gh
Exeter
GTV Tribute
2017 GCOM Awards
Former Minister of Mines & Energy dies at 83
Okyehene marks 10th Anniversary with grand durbar
National Democratic Congress (Ghana) politicians
Ghana Secondary Technical School alumni
Ghanaian engineers
1936 births
2019 deaths
It Happened at the World's Fair is a 1963 American musical film starring Elvis Presley as a crop-dusting pilot. It was filmed in Seattle, Washington, site of the Century 21 Exposition. The governor of Washington at the time, Albert Rosellini, suggested the setting to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer executives. The film made $2.25 million at the box office. It marked Kurt Russell's film debut.
Plot
Pilot Mike Edwards finds himself in a dilemma. His partner and friend, Danny, has overspent the money that Mike had set aside to pay their debts. Without it, their aircraft called Bessie, a Boeing-Stearman Model 75 crop duster, is taken by the local sheriff. If Mike and Danny do not get the money in a week, Bessie will be auctioned off to the highest bidder.
Mike and Danny become reluctant hitchhikers, looking for a lift to anywhere. They are picked up by apple farmer Walter Ling and his niece Sue-Lin. They end up in Seattle, Washington, location of the 1962 World's Fair. When the uncle is called away on business, Danny persuades Mike to take Sue-Lin to tour the fair. During a visit to a doctor at the fair, Mike falls for Diane Warren, an attractive but stubborn nurse who resists his advances. He gives a quarter to a boy who kicks him in the shin so that he can be treated by her. Diane's supervisor then convinces her to give Mike a ride back to his apartment, convinced that his leg is injured. Mike and Diane dine at the top of the fair's Space Needle. However, he also courts Dorothy Johnson.
Complications then arise when Walter inexplicably fails to return the next day to get Sue-Lin, leaving her with Mike. Sue-Lin feigns illness so that Diane will come to their apartment and examine her and see Mike again. When Diane discovers that Mike is not related to Sue-Lin, she wants to inform the welfare board so that Sue-Lin can be removed from Mike and Danny's apartment. A mysterious nightfall plane delivery is conducted for Mike and Danny's friend Vince, who smuggles valuable furs. The film ends with Mike and Diane in love.
Cast
Elvis Presley as Mike Edwards, a crop-duster pilot
Joan O'Brien as Diane Warren, a nurse and Mike's love interest
Gary Lockwood as Danny Burke, Mike's gambling-addicted business partner
Vicky Tiu as Sue-Lin, a young girl whom Mike befriended
Yvonne Craig as Dorothy Johnson, another of Mike's love interests
H. M. Wynant as Vince Bradley, Danny's crooked associate
Kam Tong as Walter Ling, Sue-Lin's uncle
Edith Atwater as Miss Steuben
Guy Raymond as Barney Thatcher
Dorothy Green as Miss Ettinger
Kurt Russell as Boy Kicking Mike (uncredited)
Sandra Giles as Lily (uncredited)
Red West as Fred (uncredited)
Joe Esposito as Carnival Man (uncredited)
Production
The Seattle Center, including the Seattle Center Monorail and the Space Needle, serve as backdrops for several scenes. Security officers pursue Presley and the girl through the fountains at what is now the Pacific Science Center. The hitchhiking scene with Elvis and Gary Lockwood was filmed near Camarillo, California, as were some of the flying scenes. The entire hitchhiking scene, up to the point when Mike and Danny are picked up, was filmed on 5th Street near Pleasant Valley Road on the south side of Camarillo.
While The Elvis Encyclopedia believes that the Wilburton Trestle was shown in the film, further evidence points to a different location. It is actually a trestle over the White River between Enumclaw and Buckley, now demolished. The view in the film was taken at the intersection of Mud Mountain Road and Highway 410, looking southeast. Mount Rainier is visible in the background, but it cannot be seen at that angle from the Wilburton Trestle, which is larger than the White River Trestle, at six sections high. The trestle pictured in the film is only four sections high at the road crossing.
Soundtrack
Reception
Film reviewer Eugene Archer of the New York Times wrote, "Elvis Presley's budding dramatic talents have been neatly nipped in the Seattle story, which emerges as a dismal parody of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musicals of old. Burdened with a dozen tuneless songs and a plot requiring him to play guardian to a mercilessly cute Chinese waif, the crooner merely swivels ingenuously through a morass of clichés." Variety wrote that "this is apt to be tedious going for all but the most confirmed of Presley's young admirers. The 10-count-'em-10 tunes he sings may be cause for rejoicing among his more ardent followers but, stacked up proportionately against the skinny story in between, it seems at least three too many ... so many warbling interruptions upset the tempo of the yarn and prevent plot and picture from gathering momentum." John L. Scott of the Los Angeles Times wrote that "it must be said that unless you're a Presley fan, the 10 songs he offers while plinking a guitar or ukulele can grow tedious, while the frivolous backgrounding story is turned on and off between tunes."
Home media
The film was released in widescreen format on Region 1 DVD by Warner Home Video on August 7, 2007.
See also
List of American films of 1963
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Guralnick, Peter, and Jorgensen, Ernst. Elvis Day by Day: The Definitive Record of His Life and Music. London: Ballantine 1999. .
Kirchberg, Connie, and Hendrickx, Marc. Elvis Presley, Richard Nixon, and the American Dream. Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland and Company, 1999. .
Knight, Timothy. Elvis Presley in the Movies. New York: Metro Books, 2009. .
Lisanti, Tom. Fantasy Femmes of 60's Cinema: Interviews with 20 Actresses from Biker, Beach, and Elvis Movies. Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland and Company, 2000. .
Marcus, Greil. "Rock Films," The Rolling Stone Illustrated History of Rock & Roll, second edition. New York: Random House 1980. .
Ponce de Leon, Charles L. Fortunate Son: The Life of Elvis Presley. London: Macmillan, 2007. .
Presley, Priscilla. Elvis and Me. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1985. .
Thomson, David. A Biographical Dictionary of Film (3d ed.). New York: Knopf. 1998. .
Victor, Adam. The Elvis Encyclopedia. London: Overlook Duckworth, 2008. .
DVD reviews
"What Happened At The World's Fair: Elvis And The Future In Seattle" by Jim Demetre at The Monarch Review, October 18, 2012.
Review by Bill Treadway at DVD Verdict, August 12, 2004.
Review by Mark Zimmer at digitallyOBSESSED!, August 4, 2004.
External links
1963 films
1963 adventure films
1963 musical films
American adventure films
American aviation films
American musical films
Century 21 Exposition
1960s English-language films
Films shot in California
Films directed by Norman Taurog
Films scored by Leith Stevens
Films set in Seattle
Films shot in Washington (state)
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
World's fairs in fiction
1960s American films
A scogger was a Tudor era garment consisting of a sleeve that was worn either on the arm or the lower leg, as required.
A scogger was salvaged from the wreck of the Mary Rose.
References
Oxford English Dictionary
Parts of clothing
Amanullah Aman is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and the former Member of Parliament. He is the joint secretary general of BNP.
Career
Aman started his political career in the Jatiyatabadi Chhatra Dal. He was elected as Vice President of Dhaka University Central Students' Union in 1990. He was one of the most prominent student leaders of anti autocracy movement in 1990 which resulted in resignation of General Ershad and a subsequent free fair election under caretaker government. He was first elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Dhaka-3 at the 1991 general election. Aman was re-elected at the 1996 and 2001 general elections. He served as the state minister of health and later labour and employment. He was the former General Secretary of Dhaka District unit of Bangladesh Nationalist Party. He was sentenced to jail in 2014 over arsons during general strikes enforced by BNP. He was relieved of charges on 16 November 2016.
References
1962 births
Living people
People from Dhaka District
University of Dhaka alumni
Bangladesh Nationalist Party politicians
State Ministers of Health and Family Welfare (Bangladesh)
State Ministers of Labour and Employment (Bangladesh)
5th Jatiya Sangsad members
6th Jatiya Sangsad members
7th Jatiya Sangsad members
8th Jatiya Sangsad members
The Kupa () or Kolpa ( or ; from in Roman times; ) river, a right tributary of the Sava, forms a natural border between north-west Croatia and southeast Slovenia. It is long, with its border part having a length of and the rest located in Croatia.
Name
The name Colapis, recorded in antiquity, is presumed to come from the Proto-Indo-European roots *quel- 'turn, meander' and *ap- 'water', meaning 'meandering water'. An alternative interpretation is *(s)kel-/*skul- 'shiny, bright', meaning 'clear river'.
Course
The Kupa originates in Croatia in the mountainous region of Gorski Kotar, northeast of Rijeka, in the area of Risnjak National Park. It flows a few kilometers eastwards, receives the small Čabranka River from the left, before reaching the Slovenian border.
It then continues eastwards between the White Carniola region in the north and Central Croatia in the south. The Kupa receives influx from the river Lahinja from the left in Primostek, passes Vrbovsko, and eventually detaches from the Slovenian border having passed Metlika.
It then reaches the city of Karlovac, where it receives influx from two other rivers from the right, Dobra and Korana (which in turn is joined by Mrežnica). The Kupa continues flowing to the east, where it merges with Glina from the right, it then passes through two small towns called Šišinec and Brkiševina, and then proceeds to the town of Sisak where it merges with Odra from the left and, after passing through Sisak town centre, flows into the Sava River.
Pollution
Fairly unpolluted downstream to Karlovac, the upper Kupa is a popular place for bathing in summer. The section from Stari Trg down to Fučkovci since 2006 is part of the Slovenian Krajinski park Kolpa nature reserve.
The hydrological parameters of the Kupa are regularly monitored at Radenci, Kamanje, Karlovac, Jamnička Kiselica and Farkašić.
See also
Slovenian border barrier
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
source of Kupa pictures
Panoramic of the source
Awarded "EDEN - European Destinations of Excellence" non traditional tourist destination 2010
Rivers of Croatia
Rivers of White Carniola
International rivers of Europe
Croatia–Slovenia border
Border rivers
Natura 2000 in Slovenia
Landforms of Karlovac County
The Sanjak of Salonica or Selanik (Ottoman Turkish: ; ) was a second-level Ottoman province (sanjak or liva) encompassing the environs of the city of Thessalonica (Salonica, Turkish Selanik) and the Chalcidice peninsula.
History
After its final conquest from the Republic of Venice, Thessalonica became a sanjak centre within the Rumeli Eyalet, encompassing central Macedonia between the Vardar and Aliakmon rivers, as well as the Chalcidice peninsula.
By 1846, as part of the Tanzimat reforms, Thessalonica became the centre of a separate eyalet (Salonica Eyalet, after 1867 Salonica Vilayet), and hence the sanjak became the new province's pasha-sanjak.
In 1912, the sanjak comprised the following districts (kazas): Selanik proper, Kesendire (Kassandra Peninsula), Karaferye (Veroia), Yenice Vardar (Giannitsa), Vodina (Edessa), Langaza (Langadas), Gevgelü (Gevgelija), Avret Hişar (Neo Gynaikokastro), Toyran (Star Dojran), Ustrumca (Strumica), Tikoş/Kavadar (Kavadarci), Katerin (Katerini), Aynaroz (Mount Athos) and Karaağaabad. Most of the sanjak was captured by Greece in October 1912, during the First Balkan War, while the northern portions fell to Serbia and are now part of North Macedonia.
References
Sanjaks of the Ottoman Empire in Europe
Macedonia under the Ottoman Empire
States and territories established in 1430
States and territories disestablished in 1912
Sanjak of Salonica
Sanjak of Salonica
1430 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
1912 disestablishments in the Ottoman Empire
The Garden of Allah is a 1927 American silent romantic drama film directed by Rex Ingram, his final film for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film stars Ingram's wife, actress Alice Terry and Iván Petrovich. It is the second version of the Robert Hichens 1904 British novel of the same name, which had been filmed by the Selig Polyscope Company in 1916 with Helen Ware and would be filmed again in 1936 with Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer.
An incomplete print of The Garden of Allah still exists and is preserved at the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer/United Artists film archive.
Plot
Father Adrien (Iván Petrovich), a monk at the Trappist monastery of Notre Dame d'Afrique in Algeria, abandons his vows and escapes to the desert, where he meets and rescues Domini (Alice Terry).
Cast
Alice Terry as Domini Enfilden
Iván Petrovich as Father Adrien
Marcel Vibert as Count Anteoni
H.H. Wright as Lord Rens
Pâquerette as Suzanne (Credited as Madame Paquerette)
Gerald Fielding as Batouch
Armand Dutertre as The Priest of Beni-Mora
Ben Sadour as The Sand Diviner
Claude Fielding as Hadj
Rehba Bent Salah as Ayesha
Michael Powell as A Tourist
Production
The film was shot at a studio in Nice, France, and the desert exteriors were filmed in Biskra, Algeria and Morocco.
References
External links
1927 films
1927 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
American black-and-white films
Remakes of American films
American silent feature films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Rex Ingram
Films set in Algeria
Films shot in Algeria
Films shot in Nice
Films shot in Morocco
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
The Ottawa River is a major waterway in Ontario and Quebec, Canada.
Ottawa River may also refer to:
Ottawa River (Auglaize River tributary), in Ohio, United States
Ottawa River (Lake Erie), in Michigan and Ohio in the United States, which drains into Lake Erie
General Maxwell may refer to:
Charles William Maxwell (1775–1848), British Army lieutenant general
David W. Maxwell (fl. 1980s–2020s), U.S. Marine Corps major general
Francis Aylmer Maxwell (1871–1917), British Army brigadier general
John Maxwell (British Army officer) (1859–1929), British Army general
Russell Maxwell (1890–1968), U.S. Army major general
Thomas Maxwell (Jacobite) (d. 1693), Scottish-born French Army major general
William Maxwell (Continental Army general) (1733–1796), Ulster-born Continental Army brigadier general
See also
Attorney General Maxwell (disambiguation)
Suchon may refer to:
People with the surname:
Eugen Suchoň (1908–1993) Slovak composer
Gabrielle Suchon (1632–1703), French moral philosopher
People with the given name:
Suchon Sa-nguandee (born 1982), Thai footballer
Other:
Suchon, a Jamoat of Tajikistan
Alian (, also Romanized as ʿAlīān) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 271, in 65 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
The 2018–19 Oregon State Beavers men's basketball team represented Oregon State University in the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Beavers, led by fifth-year head coach Wayne Tinkle, played their home games at Gill Coliseum in Corvallis, Oregon as members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 18–13, 10–8 in Pac-12 play to finish in a three way tie for fourth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament to Colorado. Despite having 18 wins and a winning conference record they failed to get an invitation to the National Invitation Tournament and also ruled out of the College Basketball Invitational.
Previous season
The 2017–18 Beavers finished the 2017–18 season 16–16, 7–11 in Pac-12 play to finish in tenth place. They defeated Washington in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament before losing in the quarterfinals to USC.
Off-season
Departures
Incoming transfers
2018 recruiting class
2019 Recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#; color:#;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#; color:#;"| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#;"| Pac-12 regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#;"| Pac-12 Tournament
References
Oregon State Beavers men's basketball seasons
Oregon State
Oregon State Beavers men's basketball
Oregon State Beavers men's basketball
The Pencran Parish close (Enclos paroissial) is located at Pencran in the arrondissement of Brest in Brittany in north-western France. The Notre-Dame church, the sacristy, the two calvaries, the ossuary and the surrounding wall are a listed historical monument since 1990. Records show that there has been a religious building in Pencran since the 14th century, and in 1353 there was mention of a chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary. Until the French Revolution the parish of Ploudiry covered an area from Loc-Eguiner to Pencran, but it was in 1801 that Pencran became an independent parish.
The porch at Pencran
This dates to 1553 and is decorated with an angel who holds a banner inscribed
According to local records Hervé Kerahès and Guillaume Bras were local builders. The porch comprises an entrance arch decorated with vine leaves and bunches of grapes as well as carvings of small animals and people eating grapes and playing a trumpet. In the external voussure of the entrance arch, the carvings start on the bottom left with a lion and, after the floral decoration, ends on the right with a dragon. In the centre there is a human head, wearing a hat and nibbling at grape seeds. In the interior voussure, the sculptors repeat the same pattern but a pig replaces the dragon. A large tympanum is located over the arch, with a nativity scene depicting the Virgin Mary and Joseph on either side of the baby Jesus who lies on a bed of straw whilst above him the heads of a cow and a donkey protrude from the wall. This group is situated to the right hand side of the tympanum suggesting that there had been another sculpture on the left side perhaps depicting another part of the nativity scene. (The piédroit is the stone at the bottom part of an arch up until the point when the arch starts to curve; the stones in the curved part of the arch are called voussures and it was common practice at the time to carve both stones.) The double band of piédroits and voussures in the Pencran porch arch portray scenes from the Book of Genesis. In the first nine stones and alternating between left and right we see a depiction of the temptation of Adam and Eve with a tree around which is a coiled snake who offers Eve the forbidden fruit. Move to the right hand side and we see an angel brandishing a sword and throwing the couple out of Paradise which is symbolised by a tree laden with leaves. In other scenes we see Cain and Abel lighting sacrificial fires. Cain fails to get his fire burning and the smoke blows back into his eyes which he shields with his right hand. Abel is more successful with his fire. We also see Cain murdering his brother. In other piédroits, there is a depiction of Noah's ark carrying Noah and his family and animals and of Noah picking grapes. He lifts his tunic to create a fold so that he can carry as many grapes as possible. A smaller carving shows Noah intoxicated having overdone the sampling of his wine! The outside of the porch is decorated in the Flamboyant Gothic style, the buttresses topped with pinnacles. After the biblical scenes from the Book of Genesis, there are depictions in the final two piédroits of the four evangelists with their usual attributes, with Mark and John on the left and Luke and Matthew on the right. We then have the voussures and in the double band are twenty one carvings depicting angels playing a variety of instruments; a veritable "Heavenly Host". Above the tympanum there is a small statue of the Virgin Mary with child. The remaining statuary can be found in the buttress niches. In the niche to the far left of the left buttress, there is a small version of the Virgin Mary before the cross. Her hands are clasped in prayer and she wears a veil. The right side buttress has Saint Suzanne in the central niche with another Virgin Mary and child in the first niche. Saint Suzanne reads a book and holds a folded scroll. In the final niche we have a depiction of Saint Ann teaching the Virgin Mary to read. Inside the church porch are statues of Christ and each of the apostles stood on a richly decorated domed dais.
The ossuary
The Renaissance style Pencran ossuary, with its triangular pediment and windows separated by ionic columns, dates to 1594 and an inscription in Breton announces that the Saint Eutrope chapel is there to receive the bones of the people ("CHAPEL.DA .SA : ITOP : DA : LAKAT : ESKERN : AN : POBL"). Today the ossuary is the private property of the Rosmorduc family.
The calvaries at Pencran
There are two calvaries at Pencran. That set back on the grass by the entrance to the enclosure set into the cemetery wall dates to 1521 and has a height of 7 metres. There are three crosses involved and the second and third crosses bearing the two robbers stand at either side of the entrance. The main cross can be accessed by stairways on either side and on one there is an inscription reading At the base of the central cross there is a sculpture depicting Mary Magdalene on her knees in prayer and looking up towards Jesus. Above Jesus a small angel waits to take his soul off to heaven. On the lower crosspiece we have back to back statues ("statues géminées") of Mary Magdalene with Saint Yves and John the Evangelist with Saint Peter. Between Mary Magdalene and Saint Yves there is a "Vierge de Pitié" sculpted by Yann Larhantec and between Saints John and Peter there is another depiction of the Virgin Mary. On the upper crosspiece are statues of two cavaliers on horseback both looking up at Jesus. On the reverse side of Jesus hanging on the cross there is an "Ecce Homo" or "Christ lié". A cast of this central cross was made in 1934 and can be seen in the Paris Musée des monuments français.
The second and smaller calvary is 6 metres high and is located in the south of the enclosure. It bears the inscription "MISSION 1869" and also has a statue depicting Mary Magdalene praying at the base of the cross. This cross has back to back statues of Saints John and Paul and the Virgin Mary and Saint Peter along with a sculpture depicting the Virgin Mary with child.
Other statues outside the church
On the grass on the north side of the church there is a statue of Mary Magdalene. She kneels and lifts her arms. Her head leans backwards and we can discern three tears running down her face. This statue has been attributed to Bastien Prigent.
"The descent from the cross" altarpiece and other works inside the church
The interior of the church has benefited from much restoration. The church's nave is divided into three sections divided by a double row of ogive arches. The church has a 16th-century wooden altarpiece in high relief depicting the Lamentations with the Virgin Mary and others grouped around the body of Jesus which had just been brought down from the cross. The Virgin Mary is the centre of the composition with the body of Jesus stretched across her lap. She is accompanied by Saint John and Mary Magdalene. At their rear are various people including Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus and two servants who carry the crown of thorns. There is an inscription near the work reading "MIL V CEST XVII CENT FUST S DOUGUEL VROY IS". The church is rich in statues including Saint Hyacinthe, Saint Roch, Saint Maudit, Saint Herbot and Saint Eloi. Additionally there are statues of Saint Francis, Saint Yves and Saint Corentin. There is also a statue of Saint Appolline, the church's patron saint and another of St. Paul-Aurélien tethering his dragon with chains.
References
See also
List of the works of Bastien and Henry Prigent
Churches in Finistère
Monuments historiques of Finistère
Calvaries in Brittany
Parish closes in Brittany
In enzymology, glutamate racemase (MurI with a capital i) () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-glutamate D-glutamate
Hence, this enzyme RacE has one substrate, L-glutamate, and one product, D-glutamate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives, including proline racemase, aspartate racemase, and diaminopimelate epimerase. This enzyme participates in glutamate metabolism that is essential for cell wall biosynthesis in bacteria. Glutamate racemase performs the additional function of gyrase inhibition, preventing gyrase from binding to DNA.
Glutamate racemase (MurI) serves two distinct metabolic functions: primarily, it is a critical enzyme in cell wall biosynthesis, but also plays a role in gyrase inhibition. The ability of glutamate racemase and other proteins to serve two distinct functions is known as "moonlighting".
Moonlighting background
Before the discovery of moonlighting proteins, it was generally believed by scientists that an enzyme only had one function which led to the concept of "one gene, one enzyme". However, this concept no longer applies in science after the discovery that some proteins consist of both major and minor functions. This led to numerous studies attempting to relate the two functions to each other. The minor functions of these unique enzymes are called moonlighting functions, in which a protein can have a secondary functions not dependent upon the main function. These two functions of the moonlighting protein are found in a single polypeptide chain. Proteins that are multifunctional are not included due to gene fusion, families of homologous proteins, splice variants or promiscuous enzyme activities. The enzyme glutamate racemase (MurI) is an example of a moonlighting protein, functioning both in bacterial cell wall biosynthesis and in gyrase inhibition.
Structure
The dimensions of MurI are approximately 35 Å × 40 Å × 45 Å and consists of two compact domains of α/β structure. With the active site in between the two domains, the N-terminal domain contains residues 1-97 and 207-264 while the C-terminal domain includes residues 98-206. This allows the enzyme to produce L-isomer from D-glutamate. Also, the N-domain is composed of five-stranded β-sheets compared to four-stranded β-sheets of C-domain. These structural specifications are not identical between MurI of different species; S. pyogenes and B. subtilis actually possess the most structurally similar MurI enzymes yet found. It is also not rare to find MurI as a dimer.
The active site, as it is evenly between the N-domain and C-domain, is also between the two cysteine residues. It is accessible to solvents, as several water molecules, such as W1, are found in the active site. In some species, the active site also incorporates sulfate ions to undergo hydrogen bonding on the amide backbone and the side chains.
Function
Bacterial wall synthesis
Glutamate racemase is a bacterial enzyme that is encoded by the murI gene. This enzyme is most commonly known as being responsible for the synthesis of bacterial cell walls. Through experimentation it was found that this enzyme is able to construct these cell walls by synthesizing D-glutamate from L-glutamate through racemization. D-glutamate is a monomer of the peptidoglycan layer in prokaryotic cell walls. Peptidoglycan is an essential structural component of the bacterial cell wall. The peptidoglycan layer is also responsible for the rigidity of the cell wall. This process, in which MurI helps catalyze the interconversion of glutamate enantiomers, like L-Glutamate, into the essential D-glutamate, is also cofactor independent. As such it can proceed without needing an additional source, which would bind to an allosteric site, altering the enzyme shape to assist in catalyzing the reaction. Murl involves a two-step process to catalyze the glutamate enantiomers to D-glutamate. The first step is a deprotonation of the substrate to form an anion. Subsequently, the substrate gets reprotonated. Once the glutamate is in the active site of the enzyme it undergoes a very large conformational change of its domains. This change helps superimpose the two catalytic cysteine residues, Cys73 and Cys184, located on either sides of the substrate at equal positions. Those domains mentioned earlier are symmetric and this symmetry suggests that this racemase activity of the protein may have evolved from gene duplication. Due to this main function of biosynthesis of bacterial cell walls MurI has been targeted as an antibacterial in drug discovery.
Gyrase inhibition
Along with its main function of cell wall biosynthesis, the moonlighting protein glutamate racemase also functions independently as a gyrase inhibitor. Present in certain forms of bacteria, MurI reduces the activity of DNA gyrase by preventing gyrase from binding to DNA. When gyrase binds to DNA, the enzyme decreases the tension in the DNA strands as they are unwound and causes the strands to become supercoiled. This is a critical step in DNA replication in these cells which results in the reproduction of bacterial cells. The presence of glutamate racemase in the process inhibits gyrase from effectively binding to DNA by deforming the shape of the enzyme's active site. It essentially disallows gyrase from catalyzing the reaction that coils unwinding DNA strands.
This function of MurI was discovered experimentally. DNA gyrase was incubated with the MurI enzyme and then added to a sample of DNA; the results of this experiment showed inhibition of supercoiling activity when MurI was present. The cell wall biosynthesis function of MurI is not directly related to its moonlighting function. MurI's ability to inhibit gyrase binding can proceed independently of its main function. This means that DNA gyrase, in turn, will not have any effect on MurI's racemization, which was confirmed in a study of the racemization with and without the presence of DNA gyrase. In an experimental analysis, it was determined that MurI employs the use of two different enzymatic active sites for its two functions. This was shown by the inclusion of the racemase substrate L-glutamate in an assay with the separated gyrase inhibition site. The gyrase inhibition occurs in both supercoiling and relaxing activities of the DNA gyrase, and the study concluded that the inhibition activity was able to proceed, unchanged, in the presence of the racemase substrate. This dictates that the two functions can be carried out independently of each other, on non-overlapping sites, making MurI a true moonlighting protein. Mutant forms of MurI that are unable to exhibit their racemase function, no matter how compromised their racemase abilities were, were still proven through a study to be able to perform the DNA gyrase inhibition, with comparable results to a non-mutated form of MurI.
Relationship between main and moonlighting functions
Glutamate racemase (MurI) provides multiple functions for bacterial cells. MurI is an enzyme which is primarily known for its role in synthesizing bacterial cell walls. While performing the function of cell wall synthesis, MurI also acts as a gyrase inhibitor, preventing gyrase from binding to DNA. The two processes have been shown two be unrelated. In order to ascertain the effects of gyrase inhibition on cell wall synthesis, the efficiency of the conversion of D-glutamate to L-glutamate was measured while varying the concentration of DNA gyrase. Conversely, the effects of cell wall production on gyrase inhibition were discovered by varying the concentration of the racemization substrate. The results of these experiments conclude that there is no significant effect of racemization on gyrase inhibition or vice versa. The two functions of MurI act independently of each other reaffirming the fact that MurI is a moonlighting protein.
Relationship to active site
Glutamate racemase is known to use its active site to undergo racemization and participate in the cell wall biosynthesis pathway of bacteria. Based on homology to other racemases and epimerases, glutamate racemase is thought to employ two active site cysteine residues as acid/base catalysts. Surprisingly however, substituting either of the two residues with serine did not appreciable change the rate of the reaction significantly; the kcat value remained within .3% to 3% compared to the wild-type enzyme. From previous studies, it is most likely that the active site of MurI that performs racemization is not the same active site that undergoes gyrase inhibition. In order to ascertain the effects of gyrase inhibition on cell wall synthesis, the efficiency of the conversion of D-glutamate to L-glutamate was measured while varying the concentration of DNA gyrase. Conversely, the effects of cell wall production on gyrase inhibition were discovered by varying the concentration of the racemization substrate. It has been shown that the two functions are neutral to each other. In other words, racemization substrates are neutral to gyrase inhibition, and DNA gyrase has no effect on racemization. This explains how glutamate racemase in certain bacteria, such as Glr from B. subtilis, do not inhibit gyrase; if one active site is involved with both functions, this independence would not be possible. Consequently, a different site of MurI, distant from its active site, is involved in interacting with gyrase.
Enzyme regulation
This protein may use the morpheein model of allosteric regulation.
Application
Glutamate racemase has emerged as a potential antibacterial target since the product of this enzyme, D-glutamate, is an essential component of bacterial walls. Inhibiting the enzyme will prevent bacterial wall formation and ultimately result in lysis of the bacteria cell by osmotic pressure. Furthermore, glutamate racemase is not expressed nor is the product of this enzyme, D-glutamate is normally found in mammals, hence inhibiting this enzyme should not result in toxicity to the mammalian host organism. Possible inhibitors to MurI includes aziridino-glutamate that would alkylate the catalytic cysteines; N-hydroxy glutamate that by mimicking Wat2 (the bound water molecule that interacts with glutamate amino group) would prevent binding of the substrate; or 4-substituted D-glutamic acid analogs bearing aryl-, heteroaryl-, cinnamyl-, or biaryl-methyl substituents that would also prevent binding of substrate.
References
Further reading
EC 5.1.1
Moonlighting proteins
Emily Hewson (born 31 July 1982) is a retired Australian tennis player.
Her highest WTA singles ranking is 314, which she reached on 23 July 2007. Her career-high in doubles is 204, which she achieved on 25 February 2008.
In her career, Hewson won two singles and four doubles titles on the ITF Circuit. While she has not played in a serious capacity for more than ten years (2022 present), Emily has not yet retired and probably never will.
Contrary to popular belief Emily is not left handed. Emily is very good at climbing, fencing, fetching and fighting rodents.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles 5 (2 titles, 3 runner-ups)
Doubles 11 (4 titles, 7 runner-ups)
External links
Emily Hewson Photos at WTA96.com
1982 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Tennis players from Sydney
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Baihe.com is a Chinese online dating service, founded in 2005, run by the Baihe Network Company. It uses Sesame Credit data as part of its service. In December 2015, Baihe absorbed its largest competitor, jiayuan.com, in a merger.
References
External links
Official Website
2005 establishments in China
Internet properties established in 2005
Online dating services of China
Vladimir Ivanovich Palladin (; – 3 February 1922) was a Russian/Soviet biochemist and botanist, a member of Saint Petersburg of Academy of Sciences. After graduating in 1883 from the Moscow State University, in 1886 he defended a PhD and in 1889 a habilitation on the role of oxygen in metabolism in plants. He later became professor of universities in Kharkiv (1889), Warsaw (1897) and Saint Petersburg (1901–1914). Palladin is one of the founders of the theory of metabolism in plants and of a school of Russian scientists studying the associated processes. His son Aleksandr Palladin became president of Academy of Sciences of Ukraine.
References
1859 births
1922 deaths
Scientists from Moscow
People from Moskovsky Uyezd
Russian biochemists
Soviet biochemists
Soviet botanists
20th-century Russian botanists
Moscow State University alumni
Tom Ward is a Canadian male curler and coach.
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Living people
Canadian male curlers
Canadian curling coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
Harry Emanuel Andersson (7 March 1913, in Norrköping – 6 June 1996) was a Swedish football striker.
He played for IK Sleipner and was the top scorer of the 1934–35 Allsvenskan. Andersson also played for the Sweden national football team, for whom he appeared in the 1938 FIFA World Cup in France, at which he scored three goals.
References
External links
1913 births
1996 deaths
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Allsvenskan players
Association football forwards
IK Sleipner players
People from Norrköping
Sportspeople from Östergötland County
Jamie Cerretani, (born October 2, 1981) is an American professional tennis player. A doubles specialist, he has won four ATP World Tour titles in his career. He reached his career-high doubles ranking of World No. 45 on July 21, 2008.
Amateur career
After an outstanding junior tennis career, he attended Brown University, where he had an excellent collegiate career. He earned Ivy League Rookie of the Year honors in 2001 and graduated from Brown in 2004 with a degree in International Relations and Business Economics.
ATP career finals
Doubles: 7 (4 titles, 3 runner-ups)
Challenger and Futures finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Doubles: 62 (28–34)
Doubles performance timeline
''This table is current through 2019 US Open.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Brown Bears men's tennis players
People from Reading, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Tennis people from Massachusetts
Maichingen is a village in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is part of the town of Sindelfingen.
History
Early history
The first traces of settlement in the area of Maichingen date from the 4th millennium BC. BC, when a Neolithic settlement existed in the area of today's residential area "Sträuble-Propstei". A Roman manor in the area of this same Stone Age settlement, which dates from the second century AD, is around 4,000 years younger. A row grave field dated to the 6th century in the area of the old church testifies to Alemannic settlement activity. In 830, the noble Erlafried donated goods to the Hirsau monastery in the area of what would later become Maichingen.
Middle Ages
The first documentary mention of the place dates back to 1075. In a document, king Heinrich IV confirmed that Hirsau Monastery also owned the property in Maichingen, which was then called Mouchingen.
On March 31, 1273, the first parish of Maichingen is mentioned. The parish connected with Hirsau Abbey in 1348, who purchased the Widernhof. Along with the procurement of the farm, the Abbey also obtained the Kastvogtei and the patronage law, i.e. the right to represent and protect the church in Maichingen as well as to appoint the pastor.
Maichingen then changed hands several times and at times belonged to the Hirsau Abbey, the Count Palatine of Tübingen, the Lords of Maichingen and those of Rohr. During the second half of the 14th century, the House of Württemberg acquired the place. Maichingen was assigned to the Oberamt Böblingen. In 1850 Maichingen had 1,129 Protestant and one Catholic residents who lived and worked in 147 main and 127 auxiliary buildings.
Recent history
In 1971, Maichingen was incorporated into the city of Sindelfingen.
Local businesses
Helmut Fischer GmbH
KARCOMA Armaturen GmbH
Körner Druck GmbH & Co. KG
Adolf Schnorr GmbH & Co. KG
Solo Kleinmotoren GmbH
Gottlob Stahl Wäschereimaschinenbau GmbH
Main sights
Buildings
Laurentiuskirche (Protestant church), built for the first time around the year 1000.
Altes Rathaus (Old town hall), built around 1540 and in 1774 the small tower was added. It was used as the town hall until it was incorporated, then as a district office until 1981. From 1983 to 1985 it was renovated. Today it is used by the German Child Protection Association as a child and family center.
Alte Schule (Old School)
Widdumhaus
Pfarrhaus
Bürgerhaus (New town hall), built by the city of Sindelfingen between 1979 and 1981 in accordance with the incorporation agreement. In the right wing there are the district administration rooms, meeting rooms, library, German red cross and seniority meeting rooms, in the left wing the ballrooms for up to 570 people, the rehearsal rooms of the clubs and the caretaker's apartment. 70 cars can be parked in the underground car park.
Kriegerdenkmal
Gasthof Adler
Digelhof
Natural sights
Hoher Baum (Tall tree), a 22 m high winter linden tree with a trunk circumference of 5.17 m and a diameter of 1.65 m (as of 1999), which was planted around 1600 (geographical coordinates: ° 43 ′ 47 ″ N, 8 ° 56 ′ 42 ″ O)
Educational institutes
There is a primary and combined secondary school, the Johannes-Widmann-School, as well as a grammar school called Gymnasium Unterrieden.
Famous persons from Maichingen
Carl Eytel (1862–1925), desert artist who immigrated to America in 1885 and eventually settled in Palm Springs, California
Roland Emmerich (1955– ), movie director, grew up in Maichingen
References
External links
Official website of the community
Villages in Baden-Württemberg
Sarah bint Yousef Al Amiri (, born 1987) is the Minister of State for Public Education and Future Technology and Chair of the Board of Directors of the Emirates Schools Establishment. She is the former Minister of State for Advanced Technology within the Ministry of Industry and Advanced Technology in the government of the United Arab Emirates. Al Amiri is also the chair of the UAE Space Agency and the United Arab Emirates Council of Scientists, and Deputy Project Manager of the Emirates Mars Mission.
Early life and education
Al Amiri was born in the United Arab Emirates in 1987. She grew up in Abu Dhabi. She studied computer science at the American University of Sharjah, earning bachelor's and master's degrees. She was always interested in aerospace engineering but grew up at a time when United Arab Emirates did not have a space program.
Research and career
Al Amiri began her career at the Emirates Institution for Advanced Science and Technology, where she worked on DubaiSat-1 and DubaiSat-2. In 2018 she was appointed the chairwoman of the UAE Council for the Fourth Industrial Revolution and in 2016 the head of the Emirates Scientist Council.
She is the science lead for the Emirates Mars Mission, Hope. The mission is partnered with University of Colorado Boulder, University of California, Berkeley and Arizona State University. She spoke at TEDxDubai Salon about the Hope Mars Mission. In November 2017, Amiri became the first Emirati to speak at an international TED event when she spoke about the Hope Mars Mission in Louisiana. The mission launched in July 2020 and reached Mars in February 2021 to coincide with the 50th anniversary of the United Arab Emirates. In 2015, the World Economic Forum honoured her as one of its 50 Young Scientists for her contributions to science, technology and engineering World Economic Forum.
In October 2017, Amiri was named Minister of State for Advanced Sciences in the United Arab Emirates Cabinet. In an effort to increase global scientific collaboration, Al Amiri toured US scientific institutions in November 2017. She was on the list of the BBC's 100 Women (BBC) announced on 23 November 2020. In February 2021, she was also named in the 2021 Time 100 Next, an annual list of the next 100 most influential people. In May 2022, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, UAE Vice President and Ruler of Dubai, appointed Ms Al Amiri as Minister of State for Public Education and Future Technology and Chair of the Board of Directors of the Emirates Schools Establishment.
References
Emirati aerospace engineers
Emirati women engineers
Women aerospace engineers
21st-century women engineers
Women government ministers of the United Arab Emirates
American University of Sharjah alumni
BBC 100 Women
21st-century Emirati women
1987 births
Living people
, formally and , is a Japanese company which specializes primarily in the publishing and distribution of visual novels, including both adult games under their brand Leaf and games for all ages under Aquaplus's own brand. Aquaplus has been involved with the production of anime based on Leaf's games. The company is also involved with music, franchised restaurants, and at one point was involved with automobiles.
History
Aquaplus was established in October 1994 in Itami, Hyōgo, Japan as a visual novel and music publishing company at the time called ; their adult game brand Leaf was also established at this time. In February 1995, Leaf produced their first game, and later that year in November U-Office started releasing all-ages games for the PC under their name alone. The company changed its name to in May 1996, and became a joint stock company. In 1997, Aqua opened their automobile specialty shop Aqua in Yachiyo, Hyōgo, Japan. In 1998, the company changed their name to the current Aquaplus. In October of that year, Aquaplus opened a development office in Toshima, Tokyo. In March 1999, Aquaplus published their first visual novel on a home console, To Heart, for the PlayStation. In May two months later, Fix Records was established as the record label for albums released through, and related to, Aquaplus; the soundtrack for the PS version of To Heart was the label's first production. In June 2000, the head office moved its current location in Yodogawa-ku, Osaka, Japan. In November 2001, Aquaplus produced their PDA/handheld game console P/ECE. In 2002, Aquaplus became involved in managing franchised restaurants. At the end of 2002, Aquaplus moved their Tokyo development office to Taitō, Tokyo. In August 2007, Aquaplus closed down their automobile specialty shop Aqua. In 2011, Aquaplus developed the 2D arcade fighting game Aquapazza: Aquaplus Dream Match, with all the characters coming from various Leaf visual novels. In February 2022, Minoru Noda was appointed as the company's CEO, with former CEO Naoya Shimokawa being appointed as the company's COO.
Enterprises
Aquaplus is mainly involved with the publishing and distribution of visual novels, including both adult games under their brand Leaf and games for all ages under Aquaplus's own brand. Aquaplus manages a recording studio named Studio Aqua which puts out albums by Indie music artists in the Kansai region of Japan where Aquaplus is located. Albums released in connection with the visual novels the company publishes are also recorded at Studio Aqua. Aquaplus's record label is Fix Records, and excluding the artists with albums released by Studio Aqua, all albums produced by Aquaplus are on this label, including all albums related to the visual novels by Leaf and Aquaplus as well as some belonging to mainstream artists such as Suara. Aquaplus is involved with the franchised restaurants Toriaizu Gohei and Gyu-Kaku in Hyōgo, Japan. Aquaplus had managed an automobile specialty shop in Taka, Hyōgo, Japan called Aqua, but closed it down on August 31, 2007. The shop specialized in customizing Subarus, including for street races.
P/ECE
In addition to software publishing, Aquaplus produced P/ECE, a greyscale mobile gaming platform that allows user to download games via USB or infrared port. The specifications of the P/ECE are as follows:
Screen
Four-level grayscale FSTN LCD
128 x 88 pixel resolution
Sound: PC-9801
CPU: EPSON S1C33209 24 MHz (32-bit RISC)
Main Memory: 256kb SRAM
Storage: 512kb flash RAM
P/ECE unit has preloaded 'Picket' software, which is an electronic organizer. Aquaplus offered downloadable freeware titles such as Multi's Going Out, Black Wings, TANK BATTLE, Ojomajomini, Inagawa de Urou!!.
Animated works
To Heart 2 OVA (2007, with Chaos Project)
To Heart 2 AD (2008, with Chaos Project)
To Heart 2 AD Plus (2009, with Chaos Project)
Utawarerumono OVA (2009–2010, with Chaos Project)
To Heart 2 AD Next (2010, with Chaos Project)
References
External links
Aquaplus's official website
Studio Aqua's official website
Fix Records' official website
Aqua's official website
Amusement companies of Japan
Video game companies established in 1994
Mass media in Osaka
Video game companies of Japan
Video game development companies
Japanese companies established in 1994
The surname Monaghan ( ) is a family name originating from the province of Connacht in Ireland. Mostly a last name.
Origins
The surname Monaghan is an anglicization of the Irish surname O'Manacháin . The Irish translation for this name is descendant of Manacháin, which ultimately translates to "Monk". Other variations include Monahan and Monachan.
Essentially, sometime before the 16th century, the Connacht family derived the name Monahan from the infamous warrior Manacháin mentioned by the Four Masters at the year 866. The O'Manacháin clan were chiefs of Ui Briuin na Sionna in the barony of Ballintober, Co. Roscommon, until the year 1249 when they were ousted by the O'Beirnes.
Although they share the same spelling, the surname Monaghan is not related to County Monaghan, Ireland, whose name is derived from the Irish Muineachán. Muineachán (Muinechán, Mhuineachain) means "a place abounding in little hills" or "little shrubbery" from muine, a shrubbery, with the diminutive affix cán.
The surname is however the source for County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland, which means "Place of the Men of Manacháin."
Variations
Due to the recent standardisation of the English language, many Gaelic surnames transliterated into English have multiple spelling variations. The surname Monahan is a variant of the surname Monaghan.
Famous Monaghans
Cameron Monaghan, actor
Carol Monaghan, Scottish National Party politician
Dominic Monaghan, actor
Joel Monaghan, Australian rugby league player
Jonathan Monaghan, visual artist
Michelle Monaghan, actress
Patrick Monahan, singer
Úna Monaghan, harpist
William Monahan, screenwriter and novelist
Development
A census conducted in 1890 of Ireland states that an estimated 4,300 Irish citizens bear the name Monaghan.
English-language surnames
Surnames of Irish origin
Anglicised Irish-language surnames
Lefkochori () is a village in the municipal unit of Gastouni, Elis. Its population was 546 at the 2011 census. It is situated in a flat rural area, on the left bank of the river Pineios, at about 10 m elevation. It is 1 km southeast of Kavasila, 2 km northwest of Koroivos, 3 km west of Agia Mavra and 3 km northeast of Gastouni. The Greek National Road 9 (Patras - Pyrgos) and the railway from Patras to Pyrgos pass west of the village.
Population history
See also
List of settlements in Elis
References
External links
GTP - Lefkochori
Populated places in Elis
Nicholas Dausi is a Malawian politician. He served the Hastings Banda government in "several capacities" as a collaborator of Banda. Dausi was "accused of withholding information on atrocities committed during the dictatorship", after he himself publicly stated that he had evidence which could help in successfully convicting those who were accused of committing various atrocities during Dr. Banda's rule; but was freed on bail. He has also served as publicist and Vice President of the Malawi Congress Party (MCP). He was Deputy Minister for Presidential Affairs in 2010.
References
Government ministers of Malawi
Malawi Congress Party politicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pierre Bataillon (born in 1810 in Saint-Cyr-les-Vignes) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tonga. He was appointed bishop in 1842. He died in 1877.
References
1810 births
1877 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Tonga
The pool frog (Pelophylax lessonae) is a European frog in the family Ranidae. Its specific name was chosen by the Italian herpetologist Lorenzo Camerano in 1882, in order to honour his master Michele Lessona.
Description
The pool frog is a small frog which rarely grows to more than 8 cm long, although females can grow up to 9 cm. Males are typically around 5 cm long, while females are around 6–6.5 cm long. These frogs are brown or green, with dark blotches along their backs, a pair of ridges running from each eye and a cream or yellow stripe down the middle of the frog's back. The vocal sacs on the male are cream or even white.
Distribution
The pool frog is found across most central and northern Europe from the west coast of northern France to the Western part of Russia. There are also small populations of pool frogs in the United Kingdom, Spain, Sweden and Norway. Pool frogs were previously thought to be a non-native species in the UK, but studies have shown that English pool frogs are related to the Swedish and Norwegian populations.
The pool frog is found in damp areas with dense vegetation, or in calm, slow flowing rivers, ponds, bogs or marshes.
According to Amphibiaweb populations of this frog survive in urban areas and even fisheries. The creation of new ponds and other bodies of water leads to increased dispersal and a growth in the population of these frogs.
Pool frogs in Britain
Pelophylax lessonae is one of only four amphibian species recognized by the UK government as protected under its Biodiversity Action Plan. The reasons for declining populations are decreased pond habitat from human encroachment and also air pollution leading to over-nitrification of pond waters.
The pool frog has not always been recognised as a native British species. Part of the reason for this is that specimens are known to have been introduced from southern Europe (though not from Scandinavia). However research has now shown that the potentially native UK pool frogs are closely related to Scandinavian frogs, not to frogs from further south. A native origin is most likely.
The Herpetological Conservation Trust website states that "The Pool Frog is a European frog and was formerly recorded from two sites in East Anglia although it was lost from one of these in the middle of the 19th century. It was presumed extinct in the wild at the last remaining site by 1995. A single individual known from this population survived in captivity until 1999. Other populations have become established in the UK and it is known that some of these included individuals of British origin in their founding stock."
An English Nature reintroduction project is underway in Breckland, where pool frogs were introduced to a single site in 2005.
Hybridogenesis
The edible frog Pelophylax kl. esculentus is a hybridogenetic hybrid of the pool frog Pelophylax lessonae and the marsh frog P. ridibundus. Its populations are maintained however through other crossings by hybridogenesis.
References
External links
BBC News article on the reintroduction
Species page at the Herpetological Conservation Trust website
Movie with sound Youtube
Pelophylax
Amphibians of Europe
Amphibians described in 1882
Taxa named by Lorenzo Camerano
Mohammed Habib is a former Indian football player and captain, who played as a forward for the India national football team. He is considered as the 'First Professional Football player' in India.
Career
Although hailing from the state of Andhra Pradesh (now Telangana), he represented Bengal in the Santosh Trophy. As manager, he guided Mohammedan S.C. (Kolkata) in domestic competitions from 1999 to 2000, 2000–2003 and 2005. He also managed Bengal Mumbai FC in the Mumbai Football League from 2007 to 2008.
Honours
India
Asian Games Bronze Medal: 1970
Merdeka Tournament third place: 1970
Individual
Recipient of Arjuna Award in 1980
Recipient of Bharat Gaurav Award in 2015
See also
Arjuna award recipients among Indian footballers
References
External links
All-time Indian Football XI
Indian footballers
India international footballers
1949 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Footballers from Hyderabad, India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1970 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for India
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Mohammedan SC (Kolkata) managers
John Phillips (born 9 June 1985) is a Welsh Middleweight mixed martial artist. A professional since 2005, he has also competed for BAMMA, Cage Rage, Ultimate Fighting Championship, and Cage Warriors. He is the former BAMMA Middleweight Champion.
Career
Phillips faced Jesse Taylor for the latter's first defense of the Cage Warriors Middleweight on May 4, 2013 on the Cage Warriors 54 card. Phillips lost to Taylor via submission early in the first round.
His next fight came on March 17, 2018 at UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Volkov against Charles Byrd, where both fighters made their UFC debut. He lost the fight via a submission due to a rear-naked choke in round three.
Phillips faced Kevin Holland on June 1, 2018 at UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. Ngannou 2. Phillips lost the fight via submission late in round three.
Phillips faced fellow Welshman Jack Marshman on March 16, 2019 at UFC on ESPN+ 5 At the weigh-ins, Marshman weighed in at 188 lbs, 2 pounds over the middleweight non-title fight limit of 186 lbs. He was fined 20% of his fight purse and the bout proceeded at catchweight. Phillips lost the bout via split decision.
In his next fight Phillips faced Alen Amedovski at UFC Fight Night: Hermansson vs. Cannonier on September 28, 2019. He won via knockout in 17 seconds of the first round. This was his first win in the UFC and earned him the $50,000 performance of the night bonus.
Phillips was scheduled to face Duško Todorović on March 21, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Woodley vs. Edwards. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic travel bans, the bout was moved to Cage Warriors 113 but was later on removed from the card due to Todorović's travel restrictions.
Phillips was expected to face Duško Todorović on July 16, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Kattar vs. Ige. On July 8, Todorović pulled out due to a potential medical issue. He was replaced by promotional newcomer Khamzat Chimaev. Phillips lost the fight via submission in round two.
Phillips faced Jun Yong Park on October 18, 2020 at UFC Fight Night 180. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
On November 13, 2020, it was announced that Phillips had been released from the UFC.
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time) vs. Alen Amedovski
BAMMA
BAMMA Middleweight Champion (One time)
Rage in the Cage
Rage in the Cage Middleweight Tournament Winner (One time)
Mixed martial arts record
|Loss
|align=center|22–11 (1)
|Jun Yong Park
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Ortega vs. The Korean Zombie
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|22–10 (1)
|Khamzat Chimaev
|Submission (D'Arce choke)
|UFC on ESPN: Kattar vs. Ige
|July 16, 2020
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:12
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 22–9 (1)
| Alen Amedovski
| KO (punches)
| UFC Fight Night: Hermansson vs. Cannonier
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:17
| Copenhagen, Denmark
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 21–9 (1)
| Jack Marshman
| Decision (split)
| UFC Fight Night: Till vs. Masvidal
| March 16, 2019
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| London, England
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 21–8 (1)
| Kevin Holland
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. Ngannou 2
| September 28, 2018
| align=center|3
| align=center|4:05
| Beijing, China
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 21–7 (1)
| Charles Byrd
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Volkov
| March 17, 2018
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:58
| London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 21–6 (1)
| Jose Otavio dos Santos Lacerda
| KO (punch)
| Budo 16: Round vs. James
| September 24, 2016
| align=center|1
| align=center|4:44
| Swansea, Wales
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 20–6 (1)
| Cheick Kone
| TKO (punch)
| BAMMA 24: Kone vs. Phillips
| February 27, 2016
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:05
| Dublin, Ireland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 19–6 (1)
| Markus Di Gallo
| KO (punch)
| Fightstar Promotions: Rage in the Cage 3
| March 21, 2015
| align=center|1
| align=center|N/A
| Paisley, Scotland
| |
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18–6 (1)
| Charlie Ward
| KO (punch)
| Fightstar Promotions: Rage in the Cage 3
| March 21, 2015
| align=center|2
| align=center|N/A
| Paisley, Scotland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–6 (1)
| Jesse Taylor
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Cage Warriors Fighting Championship 54
| May 4, 2013
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:23
| Cardiff, Wales
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17–5 (1)
| Chris Fields
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Cage Warriors Fighting Championship 48
| July 21, 2012
| align=center|2
| align=center|2:04
| London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–5 (1)
| Tomas Penz
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Cage Warriors Fight Night 6
| May 24, 2012
| align=center|2
| align=center|3:21
| Isa Town, Bahrain
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–5 (1)
| Pavel Kusch
| Submission (heel hook)
| Cage Warriors Fight Night 5
| April 12, 2012
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:25
| Amman, Jordan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–4 (1)
| Matt Ewin
| TKO (injury)
| KnuckleUp MMA 8
| October 29, 2011
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:56
| Kingston upon Hull, England
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 14–4 (1)
| Frank Trigg
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| BAMMA 6: Watson vs. Rua
| May 21, 2011
| align=center|1
| align=center|2:41
| London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–3 (1)
| James Zikic
| TKO (punches)
| BAMMA 4: Reid vs. Watson
| September 25, 2010
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:34
| Birmingham, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–3 (1)
| Johnny Gillan
| TKO (punches)
| Fight UK 1
| May 2, 2010
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:37
| Leicester, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–3 (1)
| Marius Liaukevicius
| TKO (punches)
| Celtic Fight Night 3
| March 6, 2010
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:15
| Brecon, Wales
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–3 (1)
| Danny Welsh
| TKO (punches to the body)
| Trojan MMA: Trojan Warfare
| February 27, 2010
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:36
| Exeter, Wales
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–3 (1)
| Matt Thorpe
| TKO (punches)
| KnuckleUp MMA 4: Origins
| February 20, 2010
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:50
| Cheltenham, Wales
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–3 (1)
| Denniston Sutherland
| TKO (submission to punches)
| BAMMA 1: The Fighting Premiership
| June 27, 2009
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:32
| London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–2 (1)
| Bohumil Lungrik
| TKO (punches)
| WFC 8: D-Day
| April 18, 2009
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:15
| Ljubljana, Slovenia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–2 (1)
| Tommy Gunn
| TKO (punches)
| Predator Fight Night
| November 9, 2008
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:44
| Swansea, Wales
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–2 (1)
| Jake Bostwick
| TKO (submission to punches)
| Cage Rage 28: VIP
| November 9, 2008
| align=center|2
| align=center|2:47
| London, England
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–2 (1)
| Tom Watson
| Decision (Unanimous)
| Cage Rage 27: Step Up
| July 12, 2008
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| London, England
|
|-
| NC
| align=center| 6–1 (1)
| Jake Bostwick
| No Contest
| Cage Rage 25: Bring It On
| March 8, 2008
| align=center|1
| align=center|4:10
| London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–1
| Christos Petroutsos
| TKO (N/A)
| Cage Rage Contenders: Wales
| November 18, 2007
| align=center|1
| align=center|N/A
| Swansea, Wales
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–1
| Mihaly Dobrai
| KO (N/A)
| MedVid: Anno Domini 1
| June 9, 2007
| align=center|N/A
| align=center|N/A
| Pula, Croatia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–1
| Mario Valentic
| TKO (N/A)
| MedVid: Anno Domini 2
| January 27, 2007
| align=center|N/A
| align=center|N/A
| Pula, Croatia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–1
| Edgaras Pilvinis
| TKO (referee stoppage)
| Cage Gladiators 3
| December 3, 2006
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:34
| Liverpool, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–1
| Gary Savage
| TKO (punches)
| HOP 7: Cage Fever
| November 26, 2006
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:23
| Swansea, Wales
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 1–1
| Jim Wallhead
| TKO (elbows)
| HOP 5: Fight Night 5
| April 9, 2006
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:41
| Swansea, Wales
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Nigel Whitear
| KO (N/A)
| HOP 3: Next Generation
| July 24, 2005
| align=center|1
| align=center|0:57
| Swansea, Wales
|
|-
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Welsh male mixed martial artists
Middleweight mixed martial artists
Sportspeople from Swansea
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Audrey Wurdemann Auslander (January 1, 1911 – May 20, 1960) was an American poet. She was the youngest winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry at the age of 24, for her collection Bright Ambush.
Biography
Wurdemann was born in Seattle, Washington. She claimed to be the great-great-granddaughter of Percy Bysshe Shelley, but no Shelley lineage can be connected to her family. She never attended grammar school, and entered Lakeside High School at the age of 11.
Her first collection of poetry, 'The House of Silk' was published when she was 16, sponsored by California poet George Sterling. She was a 1931 honors graduate of the University of Washington. After college she traveled through Asia.
She married poet and novelist Joseph Auslander in 1932 and moved to New York City, where he taught at Columbia. They moved to Washington, DC when Auslander was appointed the first Poet Laureate Consultant in poetry of the Library of Congress; they lived at 3117 35th Street Northwest, Washington, D.C., in the Cathedral Heights neighborhood. She subsequently collaborated with him on the novels My Uncle Jan and The Islanders.
They spent their last years living in Coral Gables, Florida.
Her work appeared in Harper's, and Poetry magazine.
Their papers are held at the University of Miami.
Works
Poetry
The House of Silk (1927)
Bright Ambush (1934, winner of the 1935 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry)
The Seven Sins (1935)
Splendour in the Grass (1936)
Testament of Love (1938)
Fiction
My Uncle Jan (1945) with Joseph Auslander
The Islanders (1951) with Joseph Auslander
References
External links
Oxford Companion to American Literature
New York Times Obituary
1911 births
1960 deaths
American women poets
Writers from Seattle
University of Washington alumni
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry winners
Writers from Coral Gables, Florida
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
The 1988–89 was the North Stars' 22nd season. It saw the North Stars finish in third place in the Norris Division with a record of 27 wins, 37 losses, and 16 ties for 70 points. They lost the Division Semi-finals in five games to the St. Louis Blues.
Offseason
NHL Draft
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Transactions
Trades
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Norris Division Semi-Finals
Minnesota North Stars vs. St. Louis Blues
St. Louis wins the series 4–1
Awards and records
References
North Stars on Hockey Database
Minn
Minn
Minnesota North Stars seasons
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Twins
Nelson Edwin Matthews (April 14, 1852 – October 13, 1917) was an American politician who served one term a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1915 until his death in 1917.
Biography
Born in Ottawa, Ohio, Matthews attended the public schools.
He engaged in banking, mercantile, and manufacturing pursuits in Ottawa.
He served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1908.
He served as delegate to the fourth State constitutional convention in 1912.
Congress
Matthews was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1915 – March 3, 1917).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1916 to the Sixty-fifth Congress.
He died in Maumee, Ohio, on October 13, 1917.
He was interred in Fort Meigs Cemetery, Perrysburg, Ohio.
Sources
1852 births
1917 deaths
People from Ottawa, Ohio
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1912)
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
En Cuerpo Ajeno (literally, "In a borrowed body") is a 1992 Spanish-language telenovela from original idea written by Julio Jiménez, produced by RTI Producciones (Formerly RTI Television), filmed in Colombia.
Plot
Pedro José Donoso (Julio Medina), an older wealthy and widowed businessman marries his assistant even at the risk of straining his relationship with his daughter and being judged by society. After the marriage Donoso starts experiencing agitated strange nightmares with recurrent scenes of peasant and country life and a woman calling "Salvador" in the distance.
Meanwhile his new wife, Isabel Arroyo (Amparo Grisales) plots to poison him and inherit. Aided by her lover, company executive and Donoso´s protégée, Andres Coronado (Armando Gutierrez) with whom she plans to remarry.
Donoso has an argument with his daughter, which is used by Isabel to poison him. He retires to his study with pain in his chest where he plays his piano and dies. Simultaneously, the mysterious peasant suffers a stroke and in the middle of the procession of his funeral awakens. Donoso had reincarnated in the young and handsome peasant to discover he was murdered.
Donoso, now Salvador Cerinza (Danilo Santos), escapes the village to avenge his death and treason and becomes chauffeur to Isabel. Once in the manor he enters the sealed study through a secret passage and starts playing the same melody as when he died to torment his murderer.
Salvador uses his closeness and manipulates inside knowledge to enamour Isabel. A tormentous love affair ensues. Salvador regains control of his wealth and remarries Isabel to later reveal to his daughter that she was not the cause of his stroke and reveal his true murderers and die.
Cast
Amparo Grisales as Isabel Arroyo de Donoso / de Coronado / de Cerinza
Armando Gutiérrez as Andrés Coronado
Danilo Santos as Salvador Cerinza / Pedro José Donoso
Julio Medina as Pedro José Donoso
Maribel Abello as Abigaíl Domínguez
Ramiro Meneses as Simón Domínguez
Alvaro Bayona as Walter Franco
Érika Shütz as Ángela Donoso
Carlos Congote as Antonio Domínguez
Liesel Potdevin as Valeria
Lucy Martínez as Gaetana Charrie
Julio Pachón as Jardinero
Constanza Gutiérrez as Cantalicia Muñetón
Samara de Córdova as Rebeca Macedo
María Eugenia Arboleda as Lupe
Rosalba Goenaga
Iris Oyola
Delfina Guido
Stella Rivero
John Alex Toro
José Rojas
Marcela Carvajal
See also
El Cuerpo del Deseo
References
External links
Entrevista a Julio Medina
Facebook Page En Cuerpo Ajeno
Colombian telenovelas
Spanish-language telenovelas
1992 telenovelas
1992 Colombian television series debuts
Satriano di Lucania is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Key events in the town include the Carnival, folk festivals and the renowned murales.
History
In the Middle Ages it was a small village called Pietrafixa (crushed stone, probably due to the geomorphological characteristics of the place), later Italianized in Pietrafesa until 1887, when the Municipal Administration decided to change the toponym in Satriano, borrowed by the ancient Lucan stronghold Satrianum, whose ruins are located on the mountain behind, to strengthen its historical ties with it.
In the 16th century, the town gave the nickname to the painter Giovanni De Gregorio.
In the late 19th century, the highest population growth was recorded, with almost 3000 inhabitants.
In the early 1900s (1910 - 1921), many families chose to emigrate to both North America and South America. First Some of the men came to places like New York and New Jersey. One family, Rocco Langieri, first came to New Jersey with his two oldest son's, Raphael and Salvatore around 1915 and followed later by his wife Maria and the two youngest children, Filemena and Michele. Their older married daughter, Maria Palermo and her family moved to Montevideo, Uruguay. This was typical of the emigration patterns. Over the years, the families of these Satrianese continued to move as far as California and Florida and beyond.
Since the end of the 20th century the municipal administration has begun to promote the village through the spread on the walls the so-called "murals", paintings representing the history, culture and society of the small Lucanian town. Since then these frescoes have become the main tourist attraction in the area.
Twin towns
The town is twinned with:
Montevideo, Uruguay
Diamante, Italy
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Fool Bar is the third studio album by Dutch singer-songwriter Douwe Bob. It was released in the Netherlands on 6 May 2016, through Universal Music Group. The album peaked at number 2 on the Dutch Albums Chart. The album includes the single "Slow Down", the song represented the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016. The album was produced by Matthijs van Duijvenbode and Kasper Frenkel.
Reception
Commercial performance
On 14 May 2016 the album debuted at number 4 on the Dutch Albums Chart in its first week of release, later peaking at number 2.
Singles
"Slow Down" was released as the lead single from the album on 5 March 2016. Douwe Bob was announced as the Dutch entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 by Dutch media on 20 September 2015. Two days later, he confirmed the news during the Dutch talk show De Wereld Draait Door. The song was revealed as his Eurovision entry on 4 March 2016 during a press conference in Amsterdam. He performed in the first half of the semi-final. He got through the semi-final and performed in the Final on 14 May 2016, coming in 11th place with 153 points.
Track listing
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2016 albums
Douwe Bob albums
San de Fuca is an unincorporated community and geographical location on Whidbey Island in Island County, Washington, United States. Formerly a small town in the 19th century, it lies on the north side of Penn Cove across from Coupeville.
References
Unincorporated communities in Island County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
Noukafou is a neighborhood of Lomé, Togo.
Neighborhoods of Lomé
The Journal of Human Lactation is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research on human lactation and breastfeeding behavior. The editor-in-chief is Joan E. Dodgson (Saint Louis University). The journal was established in 1985 and is published by SAGE Publications. It is the official journal of the International Lactation Consultant Association.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in CAB Abstracts, Global Health, Tropical Diseases Bulletin, CINAHL, EMBASE/Excerpta Medica, Food Science and Technology Abstracts, InfoTrac, MEDLINE, Science Citation Index Expanded, Scopus, Current Contents/Clinical Medicine. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 2.233.
References
External links
International Lactation Consultant Association
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Pediatrics journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1984
This article contains the discography of American R&B singer Ginuwine. This includes studio albums, compilation albums, and singles. Ginuwine has sold 21 million albums in the US.
Albums
Studio albums
Collaboration albums
Compilation albums
Singles
As lead artist
As a featured guest
Notes
1 Not released in the U.S.
2 Airplay charts in the U.S.
Album appearances
Music videos
References
Discographies of American artists
Rhythm and blues discographies
The U.S. Open (squash) is the most prestigious squash tournament in the United States, and one of the most significant in the world. It is a major international display of supreme talent in the sport, and showcases the top players from around the world.
In 2012 the U.S. Open squash championships was held from October 4-12 at Drexel University in Philadelphia, PA.
The event forms part of the World Series for both the Professional Squash Association (PSA) and the Women's Squash Association (WSA), and is organized by the national governing body for squash in the United States, U.S. Squash.
The championship was inaugurated in 1954 as an opportunity for professionals and amateurs to compete against each other. Prior to the mid-1980s, the tournament was held using the hardball squash format (a North American version of squash, which uses a smaller court and a faster-moving ball than the international "softball" version). In 1966, the championship merged with the Canadian Open and became the North American Open. The North American Open continued to use the hardball format and came to establish itself as the most prestigious event in the hardball game. In 1985, the United States Open was reinstituted as a "softball" squash event using the international format. A separate North American Open competition has continued to run as a hardball event.
The first championship final in 1954 saw the Boston amateur player Henri Salaun defeat the great Pakistani player Hashim Khan in Hashim's first foray to North America. Subsequently the championship came to be dominated by members of the Khan family for the next three decades. Hashim won the title three times between 1956 and 1963. His son Sharif Khan then captured the title a record 12 times in the 13-year period between 1969 and 1981. Four other members of their extended family also won the championship – Roshan Khan (three titles), Azam Khan (one title), Mo Khan (three titles), and Jahangir Khan (three titles – one hardball and two softball). Sharif's younger brother Aziz Khan also finished runner-up in 1981. Another Khan, Jansher Khan, also won three titles in the 1980s and 1990s. Jansher's last win in 1995 marks the last time that a Pakistani player won the title. In recent years, players from the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada have enjoyed success at the event.
Men's championship
United States Open Championship (softball, 1985–present)
North American Open Championship (hardball, 1966–1984)
United States Open Championship (hardball, 1954–1965)
Men's champions by country
Women's championship
United States Open Championship (softball, 1966–present)
Women's champions by country
See also
North American Open
U.S. Squash
US Junior Open squash championship
British Open Squash
World Open
Note
1 The 2001 United States Open was played in January 2002 as the Memorial Open in honor of those who died in the September 11 2001 attacks. The event was scheduled to take place in September 2001, but was postponed following the attacks.
References
External links
U.S. Open Squash website
USsquash.com tournament list
Historical information at squashtalk.com
Squash tournaments in the United States
Squash in the United States
Squash in Pennsylvania
Jodia (also spelled Jodiya) is a town in Jamnagar district, Gujarat, India. Jodia was the well-known port of India before 1947. It has a sainik school located at Balachadi. It is the birthplace of Gunateet Swami. There are a clothes and a fish market.
Future Development
Gujarat Water Infrastructure Limited (GWIL) has signed an MOU with Essel InfraProjects to develop a 100 million liters per day (MLD) seawater desalination plant at the port of Jodia. This treatment plant will provide water for to the water grid of Gujarat for the next 25 years. The project will boost supplies to Jamnagar, Rajkot and Morbi cities along with the other adjoining areas.
References
Cities and towns in Jamnagar district
Ports and harbours of Gujarat
The Braille pattern dots-1345 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with both top, the middle right, and bottom left dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with both top, the upper-middle right, and lower-middle left dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+281d, and in Braille ASCII with N.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-1345 is used to represent the alveolar nasal, i.e. /n/, and otherwise as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-1345 are Braille patterns 13457, 13458, and 134578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 2567, 12567, 24567, and 124567 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-1345, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 01345, 13457, and 013457 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 2567, 12567, 24567, or 124567
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-1345 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 土
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 4 + つ/土 = 庄
- selector 4 + selector 4 + つ/土 = 甬
- selector 6 + つ/土 = 尭
- つ/土 + selector 1 = 士
- つ/土 + selector 4 = 域
- 比 + つ/土 = 貫
- つ/土 + を/貝 = 売
- つ/土 + つ/土 + を/貝 = 賣
Compounds of 土
- selector 1 + つ/土 = 堊
- 仁/亻 + つ/土 = 佳
- れ/口 + つ/土 = 吐
- れ/口 + つ/土 + つ/土 = 哇
- 囗 + つ/土 = 周
- ゑ/訁 + つ/土 = 調
- ひ/辶 + つ/土 = 週
- 氷/氵 + 囗 + つ/土 = 凋
- る/忄 + 囗 + つ/土 = 惆
- の/禾 + 囗 + つ/土 = 稠
- い/糹/#2 + 囗 + つ/土 = 綢
- む/車 + 囗 + つ/土 = 蜩
- よ/广 + つ/土 = 圧
- ろ/十 + つ/土 = 在
- る/忄 + ろ/十 + つ/土 = 恠
- ん/止 + つ/土 = 址
- り/分 + つ/土 = 坪
- ぬ/力 + つ/土 = 型
- き/木 + つ/土 = 基
- 龸 + つ/土 = 堂
- め/目 + 龸 + つ/土 = 瞠
- む/車 + 龸 + つ/土 = 螳
- た/⽥ + つ/土 = 塁
- に/氵 + つ/土 = 塗
- う/宀/#3 + つ/土 = 塞
- お/頁 + つ/土 = 塾
- く/艹 + つ/土 = 墓
- そ/馬 + つ/土 = 墜
- し/巿 + つ/土 = 墨
- ま/石 + つ/土 = 壁
- つ/土 + つ/土 = 封
- し/巿 + つ/土 + つ/土 = 幇
- て/扌 + つ/土 = 掛
- 氷/氵 + つ/土 = 涯
- ね/示 + つ/土 = 社
- ね/示 + つ/土 + つ/土 = 褂
- ね/示 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 襭
- む/車 + つ/土 = 蛙
- ゆ/彳 + つ/土 = 街
- も/門 + つ/土 = 閨
- さ/阝 + つ/土 = 陛
- せ/食 + つ/土 = 鮭
- つ/土 + ち/竹 = 地
- つ/土 + ん/止 = 坂
- つ/土 + も/門 = 均
- つ/土 + ほ/方 = 坊
- つ/土 + 宿 = 坑
- つ/土 + 日 = 垣
- つ/土 + む/車 = 埃
- つ/土 + り/分 = 埋
- つ/土 + ひ/辶 = 城
- つ/土 + へ/⺩ = 埒
- つ/土 + つ/土 + へ/⺩ = 埓
- つ/土 + ま/石 = 培
- つ/土 + け/犬 = 埼
- つ/土 + と/戸 = 堀
- つ/土 + す/発 = 堅
- る/忄 + つ/土 + す/発 = 慳
- 心 + つ/土 + す/発 = 樫
- か/金 + つ/土 + す/発 = 鏗
- せ/食 + つ/土 + す/発 = 鰹
- つ/土 + い/糹/#2 = 堆
- つ/土 + ら/月 = 堕
- つ/土 + つ/土 + ら/月 = 墮
- つ/土 + よ/广 = 堤
- つ/土 + き/木 = 堪
- つ/土 + 数 = 場
- つ/土 + つ/土 + 数 = 塲
- つ/土 + つ/土 + 数 = 塲
- つ/土 + に/氵 = 塊
- つ/土 + は/辶 = 塑
- つ/土 + く/艹 = 塔
- つ/土 + う/宀/#3 = 塚
- つ/土 + ⺼ = 塩
- つ/土 + な/亻 = 境
- つ/土 + そ/馬 = 増
- つ/土 + ふ/女 = 墳
- つ/土 + る/忄 = 壊
- つ/土 + つ/土 + る/忄 = 壞
- つ/土 + み/耳 = 壌
- つ/土 + し/巿 = 寺
- や/疒 + つ/土 + し/巿 = 峙
- る/忄 + つ/土 + し/巿 = 恃
- た/⽥ + つ/土 + し/巿 = 畤
- つ/土 + 日 + し/巿 = 塒
- つ/土 + か/金 = 幸
- つ/土 + お/頁 = 執
- て/扌 + つ/土 + お/頁 = 摯
- む/車 + つ/土 + お/頁 = 蟄
- つ/土 + ゐ/幺 = 報
- な/亻 + つ/土 + か/金 = 倖
- 囗 + つ/土 + か/金 = 圉
- す/発 + つ/土 + か/金 = 睾
- つ/土 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鷙
- つ/土 + て/扌 = 捏
- つ/土 + つ/土 + み/耳 = 壤
- つ/土 + 比 + な/亻 = 圦
- つ/土 + 比 + 龸 = 圷
- つ/土 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 圸
- つ/土 + 比 + を/貝 = 圻
- つ/土 + ん/止 + selector 1 = 坎
- つ/土 + selector 4 + ふ/女 = 坏
- つ/土 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 坡
- つ/土 + selector 5 + し/巿 = 坤
- つ/土 + selector 4 + 日 = 坦
- つ/土 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 坩
- つ/土 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 坿
- つ/土 + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 垈
- つ/土 + も/門 + selector 2 = 垉
- つ/土 + selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 垓
- つ/土 + 宿 + や/疒 = 垠
- つ/土 + 宿 + れ/口 = 垢
- つ/土 + 龸 + と/戸 = 垪
- つ/土 + 比 + う/宀/#3 = 垰
- つ/土 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 垳
- つ/土 + 囗 + selector 6 = 埆
- つ/土 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 埔
- つ/土 + く/艹 + 比 = 埖
- つ/土 + き/木 + き/木 = 埜
- つ/土 + さ/阝 + ふ/女 = 埠
- つ/土 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 埣
- つ/土 + ろ/十 + め/目 = 埴
- つ/土 + ら/月 + ら/月 = 堋
- つ/土 + 宿 + か/金 = 堝
- つ/土 + な/亻 + れ/口 = 堡
- つ/土 + 宿 + も/門 = 堰
- つ/土 + 宿 + 日 = 堵
- つ/土 + た/⽥ + 宿 = 堺
- つ/土 + 宿 + へ/⺩ = 塀
- 火 + 宿 + つ/土 = 塋
- つ/土 + よ/广 + も/門 = 塘
- つ/土 + 比 + え/訁 = 塙
- つ/土 + せ/食 + う/宀/#3 = 塢
- つ/土 + selector 1 + め/目 = 填
- つ/土 + に/氵 + は/辶 = 塰
- つ/土 + そ/馬 + 比 = 塵
- つ/土 + む/車 + を/貝 = 塹
- つ/土 + り/分 + よ/广 = 墅
- つ/土 + す/発 + 火 = 墟
- つ/土 + せ/食 + し/巿 = 墫
- つ/土 + と/戸 + く/艹 = 墸
- つ/土 + も/門 + 日 = 墹
- つ/土 + 囗 + の/禾 = 墺
- つ/土 + 囗 + れ/口 = 墻
- つ/土 + 宿 + ひ/辶 = 壅
- つ/土 + た/⽥ + selector 1 = 壑
- よ/广 + よ/广 + つ/土 = 壓
- つ/土 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 壕
- つ/土 + ふ/女 + 火 = 壗
- た/⽥ + た/⽥ + つ/土 = 壘
- つ/土 + よ/广 + こ/子 = 壙
- つ/土 + 日 + ち/竹 = 壜
- つ/土 + ま/石 + 心 = 壟
- 氷/氵 + 宿 + つ/土 = 汢
- に/氵 + 宿 + つ/土 = 涅
- ⺼ + 宿 + つ/土 = 肚
- つ/土 + 比 + に/氵 = 堙
- つ/土 + 宿 + よ/广 = 壥
- つ/土 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 垤
- つ/土 + 宿 + つ/土 = 圭
- つ/土 + 宿 + と/戸 = 卦
- す/発 + 宿 + つ/土 = 罫
- れ/口 + 宿 + つ/土 = 啀
- け/犬 + 宿 + つ/土 = 奎
- ふ/女 + 宿 + つ/土 = 娃
- や/疒 + 龸 + つ/土 = 崕
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + つ/土 = 崖
- つ/土 + 宿 + 心 = 恚
- て/扌 + 宿 + つ/土 = 挂
- 心 + 宿 + つ/土 = 桂
- へ/⺩ + 宿 + つ/土 = 珪
- め/目 + 宿 + つ/土 = 睚
- ま/石 + 宿 + つ/土 = 硅
- ね/示 + 宿 + つ/土 = 袿
- と/戸 + 宿 + つ/土 = 鞋
- つ/土 + た/⽥ = 畦
- し/巿 + つ/土 + つ/土 = 幇
Compounds of 庄
- の/禾 + つ/土 = 粧
- を/貝 + selector 4 + つ/土 = 賍
Compounds of 甬
- み/耳 + つ/土 = 踊
- は/辶 + つ/土 = 通
- き/木 + は/辶 + つ/土 = 樋
- や/疒 + つ/土 = 痛
- 仁/亻 + 宿 + つ/土 = 俑
- き/木 + 宿 + つ/土 = 桶
- に/氵 + 龸 + つ/土 = 涌
- る/忄 + 宿 + つ/土 = 慂
- え/訁 + 宿 + つ/土 = 誦
- せ/食 + 龸 + つ/土 = 鯒
Compounds of 尭
- 日 + つ/土 = 暁
- 日 + 日 + つ/土 = 曉
- 火 + つ/土 = 焼
- 火 + 火 + つ/土 = 燒
- に/氵 + selector 6 + つ/土 = 澆
- く/艹 + selector 6 + つ/土 = 蕘
- な/亻 + 宿 + つ/土 = 僥
- や/疒 + 宿 + つ/土 = 嶢
- ま/石 + 龸 + つ/土 = 磽
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + つ/土 = 繞
- つ/土 + む/車 + selector 2 = 翹
- む/車 + 宿 + つ/土 = 蟯
- ひ/辶 + 宿 + つ/土 = 遶
- か/金 + 宿 + つ/土 = 鐃
- せ/食 + 宿 + つ/土 = 饒
- そ/馬 + 宿 + つ/土 = 驍
Compounds of 士
- つ/土 + selector 1 + selector 1 = 壼
- つ/土 + 宿 + selector 1 = 壷
- つ/土 + 龸 + selector 1 = 壺
- な/亻 + つ/土 = 仕
- へ/⺩ + つ/土 = 壮
- つ/土 + ね/示 = 装
- つ/土 + つ/土 + ね/示 = 裝
- へ/⺩ + へ/⺩ + つ/土 = 壯
- け/犬 + へ/⺩ + つ/土 = 奘
- と/戸 + へ/⺩ + つ/土 = 弉
- つ/土 + れ/口 = 吉
- つ/土 + 囗 = 喜
- ふ/女 + つ/土 = 嬉
- つ/土 + ぬ/力 = 嘉
- な/亻 + つ/土 + 囗 = 僖
- る/忄 + つ/土 + 囗 = 憙
- き/木 + つ/土 + 囗 = 橲
- 火 + つ/土 + 囗 = 熹
- ね/示 + つ/土 + 囗 = 禧
- せ/食 + つ/土 + 囗 = 鱚
- な/亻 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 佶
- ぬ/力 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 劼
- て/扌 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 拮
- き/木 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 桔
- お/頁 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 頡
- い/糹/#2 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 纈
- と/戸 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 髻
- し/巿 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 黠
- を/貝 + つ/土 = 贖
- つ/土 + 心 = 志
- や/疒 + つ/土 + 心 = 痣
- つ/土 + の/禾 = 穀
Compounds of 売
- え/訁 + つ/土 = 読
- つ/土 + ゑ/訁 = 殻
- つ/土 + つ/土 + ゑ/訁 = 殼
- る/忄 + つ/土 + ゑ/訁 = 愨
- い/糹/#2 + つ/土 = 続
- に/氵 + つ/土 + を/貝 = 涜
- つ/土 + つ/土 + を/貝 = 賣
- へ/⺩ + つ/土 + を/貝 = 牘
- そ/馬 + つ/土 + を/貝 = 犢
- め/目 + つ/土 + を/貝 = 覿
- し/巿 + つ/土 + を/貝 = 黷
- つ/土 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 竇
- い/糹/#2 + い/糹/#2 + つ/土 = 續
- え/訁 + え/訁 + つ/土 = 讀
Compounds of 貫
- る/忄 + つ/土 = 慣
- き/木 + 比 + つ/土 = 樌
Other compounds
- つ/土 + 龸 = 先
- か/金 + つ/土 = 銑
- ち/竹 + つ/土 + 龸 = 筅
- み/耳 + つ/土 + 龸 = 跣
- つ/土 + こ/子 = 去
- つ/土 + さ/阝 = 却
- ぬ/力 + つ/土 + こ/子 = 劫
- に/氵 + つ/土 + こ/子 = 溘
- も/門 + つ/土 + こ/子 = 闔
- つ/土 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盍
- ⺼ + つ/土 = 爪
- て/扌 + ⺼ + つ/土 = 抓
- ひ/辶 + ⺼ + つ/土 = 爬
- ち/竹 + ⺼ + つ/土 = 笊
- 心 + つ/土 = 瓜
- れ/口 + 心 + つ/土 = 呱
- き/木 + 心 + つ/土 = 柧
- け/犬 + 心 + つ/土 = 瓠
- む/車 + 心 + つ/土 = 瓣
- つ/土 + つ/土 + ⺼ = 鹽
- つ/土 + 宿 + せ/食 = 燕
- え/訁 + 龸 + つ/土 = 讌
Notes
Braille patterns
William F. Arnemann (October 14, 1850 – December 10, 1917) was a German-born American businessman and politician who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Background
Born in Hanover, Germany, Arnemann emigrated with his parents at age five and settled in West Bend, Wisconsin. In 1870, Arnemann started a soda water factory in Neenah, Wisconsin and was also in the ice business. He married Mary Bruening in 1872, with whom he had 10 children. Bruening was killed by a train in 1916.
Arnemann served on the Neenah Common Council and was mayor of Neenah. He also served on the Winnebago County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors. Arnemann was a Democrat. He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1903 and from 1915 until his death in 1917.
Arnemann died of heart failure in Neenah, Wisconsin.
Notes
External links
1850 births
1917 deaths
Hanoverian emigrants to the United States
Politicians from Neenah, Wisconsin
People from West Bend, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Democrats
Wisconsin city council members
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Wisconsin
19th-century American businesspeople
Michael Paul Kube-McDowell (born August 29, 1954), also known as Michael McDowell or Michael P. McDowell, is an American science fiction and non-fiction author.
Background
Born Michael Paul McDowell on August 29, 1954 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), he attended St. Joseph's High School (Camden, New Jersey) (Class of 1972) and Michigan State University.
Writing career
Kube-McDowell has written for television, been a stringer for a daily newspaper, and published short fiction, reviews, assorted nonfiction and erotica. He was honored for teaching excellence by the 1985 White House Commission on Presidential Scholars. Kube-McDowell's short fiction has been featured in Analog, Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine and The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction, as well as anthologies After the Flames and Perpetual Light. Three of his stories have been adapted as episodes of the TV series Tales from the Darkside. Outside of science fiction Kube-McDowell is the author of more than 500 nonfiction articles on subjects ranging from space careers to "scientific creationism" to an award-winning four-part series on the state of American education. Kube-McDowell's literary works have been recognized and highlighted at Michigan State University in their Michigan Writers Series.
Bibliography
Series
The Trigon Disunity
Emprise (1985)
Enigma (1986)
Empery (1987)
Star Wars : The Black Fleet Crisis
Before the Storm (1996)
Shield of Lies (1996)
Tyrant's Test (1996)
Novels
Alternities (1988)
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Odyssey (1987)
The Quiet Pools (1990)
Exile (1992)
The Trigger (1999) (with Arthur C. Clarke)
Vectors (2002)
Young adult novels
Thieves of Light (1987) (writing as Michael Hudson)
Short stories
I Shall Have a Flight to Glory (1992) (collected in Mike Resnick's alternate history anthology Alternate Presidents)
The Inga-Binga Affair (1992) (collected in Mike Resnick's alternate history anthology Alternate Kennedys)
Because Thou Lovest the Burning-Ground (1993) (collected in Mike Resnick's alternate history anthology Alternate Warriors)
Awards
Hugo Best Novel nominee (1991) : The Quiet Pools
Philip K. Dick nominee (1985) : Emprise
Pegasus Award for Best Performer (1994) as a member of the Black Book Band
References
External links
Official site
1954 births
Living people
Writers from Camden, New Jersey
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
American science fiction writers
Michigan State University alumni
American male short story writers
Science fiction fans
Writers from Philadelphia
Indiana University South Bend alumni
Michigan State University faculty
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from Pennsylvania
Novelists from New Jersey
Novelists from Michigan
Filkers
Rukhsana Jamshed Buttar () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in 2012. She served as Federal Parliamentary Secretary for Petroleum and Natural Resources.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
In Māori mythology, tipua or tupua are a type of differing shaped demon or "uncanny thing". Tipua could be common objects; sometimes even trees and rocks were associated as these types of spirits.
References
Māori legendary creatures
Mythological plants
Sutherlin High School is a public high school located in Sutherlin, Oregon, United States.
Academics
In 2008, 76% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 120 students, 91 graduated, 20 dropped out, two received a modified diploma, and seven were still in high school the following year.
Notable alumni
Steve M. Thompson, member of the Alaska House of Representatives from Fairbanks since 2011; mayor of Fairbanks, 2001-2007
References
High schools in Douglas County, Oregon
Public high schools in Oregon
Canal do Otário (lit. Sucker's Channel) is a Brazilian YouTube channel and website, created on February 3, 2012, by an anonymous user, whose host is a popular internet figure in Brazil, going by the name of "Otário Anonymous”.
Otário investigates false advertising and rants about it on YouTube with a paper bag over his head.
Anonymity
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Otário said he cherishes his anonymity to protect his ability to speak freely and to allow viewers of all demographics to relate to him. In addition to the paper bag on his head, he wears a suit and white gloves to cover his race and age. His speech is distorted into a high-pitch, Mickey Mouse-like voice.
During an interview with The Noite, hosted by Danilo Gentili on SBT, Otário said that his anonymity also helps him to stay safe from any threat to his security.
Controversies
Bradesco
In one popular video, he warns Brazilian consumers about what he says are hidden fees when they invest in a Bradesco S/A mutual fund. "This is what they're doing", he says in the video, imitating an armed robber, firing a warning shot with his fingers and shoving a wad of cash into his pocket. Bradesco said the video was offensive and won a case against Google Inc. on 2012 to remove it from its YouTube platform. Google has not yet removed the video and has appealed the case to a federal court in São Paulo.
Correios
The video with criticisms about Brazilian Post and Telegraph Corporation (also known as Correios) was banned in Brazilian YouTube through a court order (though it still remains available on YouTube in other countries). The video compares rates in Brazil with other countries and criticizes the state monopoly in the postage sector. By Correios' request, the Brazilian court ordered Google Inc to delete some parts of the video that shows the company's logo, which claimed "improper use of trademark". The decision was taken in November 2013, however, it was only effectively fulfilled in June 2014, coincidentally after the start of the Brazilian Civil Rights Framework for the Internet. The state-owned company said it will also request the removal of the video on Vimeo, as was done in Google.
Awards
2012 - Info Exame Magazine - Brazil, Editora Abril - "Perfil Geek of the Year"
2013 - YouTube, The Silver Play Button
2013 - Shorty Awards, Vox Populi Winner in Activism
2014 - Shorty Awards, Finalist in Activism
2015 - Shorty Awards, Finalist in Activist
2015 - Webby Award, Honoree for Online Film & Video / Public Service & Activism
See also
List of YouTube celebrities
References
External links
Anonymous bloggers
Brazilian bloggers
Brazilian political websites
Brazilian YouTubers
Censorship in Brazil
