Ditchfield is an English surname shared by:
Andy Ditchfield, founder of English rock band DeeExpus
Jimmy Ditchfield, 19th century football player for Burslem Port Vale F.C.
Right Rev. Dr. John Edwin Watts Ditchfield (1861–1923), first Church of England Bishop of Chelmsford
Rev. Dr. Peter Ditchfield (1854–1930), Church of England priest, local historian and editor of the Berkshire volumes of the Victoria County History
Karl-Heinz Tritschler (born 16 September 1949 in Vörstetten) is a former football referee from Germany. He is known for having officiated at the 1988 Summer Olympics, and the 1989 European Cup Final between AC Milan and Steaua București.
References
External links
Profile at worldfootball.net
1949 births
German football referees
Living people
Baddeck, Nova Scotia is a village founded in 1908, with a history stretching back to early Mi'kmaq, French and British settlements. The village was home to Alexander Graham Bell and was witness to the first flight in the commonwealth with Bell's Silver Dart.
Early settlement
The name "Baddeck" is believed to originate from a Mi'kmaq word. One theory is that it originates from the word "Abadek" or "Abadak", which means "a portion of food set aside for someone or a sultry place" while another theory is that it originates from a word meaning "place with an island near".
Europeans discovered the inland part of Cape Breton Island during the 17th century when Jesuit missionaries from France established a settlement at nearby St. Anns in 1629. British settlement came during the 18th century after the territory was ceded by France.
Island settlement
In 1819, Lt. James Duffus (half pay Naval Officer), whose brother-in-law was Sir Samuel Cunard founder of the Cunard Line of steamships, founded his home on what is now known as Kidston Island—then known as Mutton Island—off the shore of present-day Baddeck. Duffus renamed the island Duke of Kent's Island, in honour of his patron. Duffus operated a mercantile business on the island, serving people from River Baddeck and Grand Narrows; customers were ferried to the island by canoe. In 1820 Duffus was appointed a magistrate and in 1826 he was granted 400 acres on the mainland. Duffus died in 1833, and his former assistants operated the business for a little over two years. In 1836 the executors of his estate in Halifax sent William Kidston to wind up his business.
Growth of the village
Shire town
Up until 1851 Baddeck was known as Little Baddeck and it was part of Cape Breton County. William Kidston advocated the separation of Cape Breton County. In 1851 Kidston's advocacy paid off and Victoria County was split off from Cape Breton county and Baddeck became known by its present name. Kidston also advocated for Baddeck to become the site for the new county's jail and court house, which happened when Baddeck was established as the shire town of the county. When Baddeck became the shire town of the county, it established a municipal council and Murdoch MacAskill became the village custos rotulorum. The Victoria County Court House was finally constructed in 1889.
Baddeck, And that Sort of Thing
Baddeck rose to fame in 1874, with the publication of Baddeck, And That Sort of Thing by American writer and associate of Mark Twain, Charles Dudley Warner. Warner had visited Baddeck the previous year with Joseph Twichell and documented the voyage in the book. Warner stayed at the Telegraph House during his visit, a hotel built in 1861 and that still operates today. Warner described Baddeck as a "clean-looking village of white wooden houses, of perhaps seven or eight hundred inhabitants". Warner attended a church service at the kirk near the water. This church would have been Knox Church, a Presbyterian church built on Bay Road in 1857. He describes the church as being similar in appearance to a New England meeting house, with a pretty wooden spire and a plain, ugly interior. Warner also visited the county jail in Baddeck, which at the time was housing a single prisoner—a carpenter who was permitted to have a workbench and newspapers. The jail had four rooms on the ground floor and an attic with a "sleeping-room". The jailer's family was, at the time, staying in one of the empty cells. In addition to the church and jail, Warner describes Baddeck as having "very good schools" on par with those in Boston. Other travel books followed Warner's publication. In 1885 Samuel Greene Wheeler Benjamin published The Cruise of the Alice May in the Gulf of St. Lawrence and Adjacent Waters which included a description of Baddeck. According to Benjamin, Baddeck at this time consisted of highlanders—many of whom spoke only Gaelic.
Alexander Graham Bell era
In 1885, Alexander Graham Bell, his wife Mabel, and their two young daughters, arrived by boat via the St. Peters Canal. They fell in love with Baddeck and built two homes on their estate, which they named "Beinn Bhreagh" (Gaelic for 'Beautiful Mountain'), as well as another Bell Laboratory, an additional namesake to AT&T's Bell Laboratories many years later. Dr. Bell and his family helped the people of the village begin a new era. Alec Bell, who was a Scot and could speak Gaelic, took Baddeck to heart and made their home a gathering place for the village. Alec and his wife Mabel promoted culture, sociability, science and industry among the villagers.
In his new laboratory on Beinn Bhreagh across the bay from Baddeck, Alec Bell conducted experiments, built mammoth kites, airplanes, hydrofoil boats, and, during World War I, lifeboats for the Royal Canadian Navy. The Bells provided steady employment for many in the village; while Mabel Bell did much to foster home industries, among them the hooking of rugs for which the village of Chéticamp is in the present day famous.
Aviation
Bell undertook experiments with tetrahedral kites at his lab in Baddeck. On 6 December 1907, Thomas Etholen Selfridge piloted Bell's AEA Cygnet as it was towed into the air behind a motorboat, eventually reaching a height of in what was the first recorded heavier-than-air flight in Canada. These experiments latter allowed Baddeck to become the site of the first controlled powered aircraft to fly in Canada and the British Empire. Bell's aircraft, named the Silver Dart, was first flown from the ice of Baddeck Bay on 23 February 1909 by Bell's associate, J.A.D. McCurdy.
In the months after the flight of the Silver Dart, Bell's associates Casey Baldwin and McCurdy established the Canadian Aerodrome Company in Baddeck with Bell's financial backing. It was the first commercial aircraft manufacturer in the British Empire and it produced the first Canadian designed and built aircraft in 1909, the Baddeck No. 1, and a copy named the Baddeck No. 2. They also produced the Hubbard Monoplane in 1910, the first Canadian plane built for export. McCurdy and Baldwin also built Bell's experimental Bell Oionus I, though it never took flight. The Canadian Aerodrome Company ceased operations in 1910.
Hydrofoils
Another one of Bell's experimental craft, the hydrofoil HD-4 (once piloted by Mabel Bell) established the world watercraft speed record in 1917 after travelling at across Baddeck Bay (part of Bras d'Or Lake) – a speed record that endured for 20 years. In 1968 the Canadian Forces named a new experimental hydrofoil patrol ship in honour of those early experiments. (see Frederick Walker Baldwin)
Death
Alexander Graham Bell spent his last thirty years increasingly at Beinn Bhreagh, sometimes living there year-round in his turreted mansion, and died there in 1922. His wife followed him a few months later and today their remains rest together at the top of their mountain overlooking Bras d'Or Lake under a boulder of granite.
See also
Historic Buildings in Baddeck, Nova Scotia
References
Baddeck
Victoria County, Nova Scotia
History articles needing attention
Oliver Joseph Casey (born 14 October 2000) is an English professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Forest Green Rovers, on loan from Blackpool. He has previously played for Leeds United.
Career
Leeds United
Born in Leeds, Casey came through the academy at Leeds United. After impressing for Leeds' under 18s and under 23s, he signed a two-year professional contract with Leeds United in November 2018, making his professional debut on 7 December 2019 as an 85th-minute substitute for Mateusz Klich in a 2–0 victory at Huddersfield Town. With Leeds promoted to the Premier League as Championship champions and Casey receiving a Championship winners medal, he signed a new three-year contract with the club on 14 July 2020. Casey made two appearances for Leeds' first team across the 2020–21 season, both in cup competitions, whilst he made 21 appearances for the under-23 side as they won the Premier League 2 Division Two for the 2020–21 season.
Blackpool
On 22 June 2021, Casey signed a three-year contract with Blackpool, which went through on 1 July, for an undisclosed fee. It included the option to extend by an additional year.
Career statistics
Honours
Leeds United
EFL Championship: 2019–20
References
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Leeds
English footballers
Association football defenders
Leeds United F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
Harry Eden Godby (2 July 1847 – 1911) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played two first-class matches for Otago between 1874 and 1876.
Godby was born in England at Ramsgate in Kent in 1847, the son of a Church of England priest. He was educated at Marlborough College in Wiltshire. His brother, Michael Godby, also played cricket for Otago. Godby died in Australia in 1911.
References
External links
1847 births
1911 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Ramsgate
Sportspeople from Kent
Eilema auriflua is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Frederic Moore in 1878. It is found in the Bengal region of India and Bangladesh and the Indian states of Assam and Sikkim.
References
auriflua
Puss in Boots is a 1952 picture book translated and illustrated by Marcia Brown. The book is a translation of Charles Perrault's Puss in Boots. The book was a recipient of a 1953 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations.
References
1952 children's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Kavalar (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kilersky Selsoviet, Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 129 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Kavalar is located 3 km south of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Demirar and Chuvalar are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
George Mousley Cannon (December 25, 1861 – January 23, 1937) was the first president of the Utah State Senate.
Cannon was born in St. George, Utah Territory, to Angus Munn Cannon and his wife Sarah Maria Mousley. Cannon was born in a wagon box because at that time no homes had been constructed in St. George. When Cannon was about seven years old, he moved with his family to Salt Lake City. From 1877 to 1880, Cannon studied at the University of Utah. After this he taught at the school located on the farm of his uncle George Q. Cannon.
In 1882, Cannon left the school to become Deputy County Recorder for Salt Lake County. He then served as County Recorder from 1884 to 1890.
Cannon married Marian Adelaide Morris on December 25, 1884; they had 10 children.
In 1890, Cannon moved to Brigham Young's old Forest Farm which he had just purchased and he turned the area into the Salt Lake City neighborhood of Forest Dale. Cannon became a cashier in Zion's Savings Bank and Trust Company. He served as a delegate to the 1895 Utah State Constitutional Convention and chaired the committee which formulated the articles on taxation and public debt. In 1896, Cannon was elected to the Utah State Senate and served as its first president.
When The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) modified stake boundaries in 1900, dividing the new Granite Stake off from the Salt Lake Stake, Cannon became the Sunday School Superintendent of the new stake.
From 1901 until after 1930, Cannon served as a member of the General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union.
Cannon practiced plural marriage after the 1890 Manifesto. He married Ellen Christina Steffensen on June 17, 1901, by whom he had 10 children, and Katherine Vaughan Morris (his first wife's sister) on August 7, 1901, by whom he had six children.
References
Andrew Jenson. Latter-day Saints Biographical Encyclopedia. Vol. 1, p. 566; Vol. 4, p. 206.
1861 births
1937 deaths
American leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
American people of Manx descent
Cannon family
Politicians from Salt Lake City
People from St. George, Utah
Sunday School (LDS Church) people
University of Utah alumni
Utah state senators
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Nursing Science Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of nursing. The editor-in-chief is Rosemarie Rizzo Parse (Loyola University Chicago). The journal was established in 1988 and is published by Sage Publications. Nursing Science Quarterly is devoted exclusively to the enhancement of nursing knowledge. The major purpose of the journal is to publish original manuscripts focusing on nursing theory development, nursing theory–guided practice, and quantitative and qualitative research related to existing nursing frameworks.
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
General nursing journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1988
Martin Joe Laurello (born Martin Emmerling, 1885-1955), also known by the stage names Human Owl and Bobby the Boy with the Revolving Head, was a German-American sideshow performer and biological rarity who could turn his head 180 degrees to the rear. He performed with groups such as Ripley's Believe it or Not, Ringling Brothers, and Barnum & Bailey.
Early life and career
Laurello was born Martin Emmerling in Germany circa 1886. In 1921, together with a handful of other people with biological rarities from Europe, Laurello arrived in the United States. Laurello could turn his head 120 degrees. In the words of fellow sideshow performer Percilla Berjano, known as the "Monkey Girl", "[Laurello] could put his head all the way around". To accomplish this feat, he reportedly practised rotating his head for three years and also had to "dislocate various vertebrae". Being born with a slightly bent spine might have also aided Laurello in pulling off his act of flexibility.
For a period of time, Laurello was billed at the Bailey Circus as "Bobby the Boy with the Revolving Head". Laurello also worked at the New York City-based Hubert's Museum, mostly during the winter, as well as Ringling Brothers and Coney Island. During his stint at the Ripley's Believe It or Not! Odditoriums in the 1930s, Laurello managed to attract massive crowds. When performing, Laurello preferred to don a white shirt. He also trained dogs and cats to do acrobatic tricks.
Personal life
There is not much documented about Laurello's personal life. He was in two different marriages; his first one being Laura [Prechtl] Emmerling (born 1885), and they had one son, named Alexander Emmerling (1905-1960). After their divorce, he then met and married a woman named Emilie [Wittl] Emmerling (1895-1977), and they had two sons together: Albert (1922-1945) and Walter Emmerling (1926-1983).
Berjano described Laurello as "perhaps a Nazi" who "didn't like the American flag". On April 30, 1931, Laurello was arrested by Baltimore police during a tent-packed performance for abandoning his spouse and two sons, after she lodged a complaint via telegram. He was reportedly found standing on a platform with his back and face looking towards the crowd, and when the two officers confronted him, he turned his head around and winked at them both, then was placed under arrest.
References
1885 births
Year of birth uncertain
1955 deaths
German entertainers
Sideshow performers
Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus
Kyivskyi District () is urban district of the city of Donetsk, Ukraine, named after the capital city of Ukraine, Kyiv.
Places
External links
Kyivskyi Raion at the Mayor of Donetsk website
Kyivskyi Raion at the Uzovka website
Urban districts of Donetsk
Eilema signata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Francis Walker in 1854. It is found in northern China.
References
signata
Moths described in 1854
The Demi-Bride is a 1927 American comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard, depicting the naughtiness synonymous with Paris at the time. The film is considered lost.
Synopsis
Criquette (Norma Shearer) is Madame Girard (Carmel Myers)'s stepdaughter who blackmailed Philippe (Lew Cody) into marriage.
Cast
Norma Shearer as Criquette
Lew Cody as Philippe Levaux
Lionel Belmore as Monsieur Girard
Tenen Holtz as Gaston
Carmel Myers as Madame Girard
Dorothy Sebastian as Lola
Nora Cecil as School Teacher
References
External links
Progressive Silent Film List: The Demi-Bride at silentera.com, with still
1927 films
Films directed by Hobart Henley
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1927 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
Films directed by Robert Z. Leonard
1927 lost films
Lost comedy films
Films with screenplays by Florence Ryerson
Films with screenplays by F. Hugh Herbert
Films set in Paris
1920s American films
Mattias Nørstebø (born June 3, 1995) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey defenseman. He is currently playing for Mora IK in the HockeyAllsvenskan (Allsv).
Playing career
He made his Elitserien debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season. After five seasons within Brynäs IF, Nørstebø left out of contract to sign a two-year deal for SHL rivals, Frölunda HC, on March 31, 2016.
After three seasons within Frölunda HC, Nørstebø left as a free agent following the 2018–19 campaign. He signed a one-year contract in the Allsvenskan, returning to former loan club Mora IK on a one-year contract on 26 July 2019.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Brynäs IF players
Frölunda HC players
Mora IK players
Norwegian ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Trondheim
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Norway
The Hong Kong government started developing new towns in the 1950s to accommodate Hong Kong's booming population. During the first phase of development, the newly developed towns were called "satellite towns", a concept borrowed from the United Kingdom, of which Hong Kong was a colony. Kwun Tong, located in eastern Kowloon, and Tsuen Wan, located in the south-west of the New Territories, were designated as the first satellite towns, when the urban area in Hong Kong was still relatively small, restricted to the central and western parts of Kowloon Peninsula and the northern side of Hong Kong Island. Wah Fu Estate was also built in a remote corner on the southern side of Hong Kong Island, with similar concepts but at a smaller scale.
Plans to develop new areas were continued in the late 1960s and 1970s, when the name “new town” was officially adopted. As most flat lands in Kowloon and Hong Kong Island had already been developed, the government proposed to build new towns in the New Territories, a largely rural area at that time. The first phase of new-town development, which began in 1973, included Tsuen Wan, Sha Tin and Tuen Mun. With the success of these new towns, and the experience gained from building them, the government launched further stages of new-town development in subsequent decades. To date, nine new towns have been built, and about half of the Hong Kong population lives in these newly developed areas. After the government had built a new town on Lantau Island in the 1990s, the pace at which it developed new towns slowed in the 2000s, owing to lower population growth. As demand rose in the housing market and it became difficult for residents to buy new homes, the Hong Kong government suggested that new towns be built again in the 2010s, hoping thereby to increase the supply in the private housing market and provide more flats for public housing. For example, Hung Shui Kiu New Town, Kwu Tung North New Town and North Fanling New Town have been proposed by the government and currently under public consultation.
Land use is carefully planned in new towns, and development sets aside plenty of room for public housing projects. Highways, tunnels, bridges and railways have been built for accessibility. The first few new towns, such as Tuen Mun, Sha Tin, Yuen Long and Tai Po, were intended to be self-reliant, each having not only residential areas but also commercial, industrial and recreational areas, such that residents would not need to travel between the new towns and the city centre for work and leisure. To this end, a few industrial estates, such as Tai Po Industrial Estate and Yuen Long Industrial Estate, were built to provide work opportunities for the residents in the nearby new towns. Although the government successfully turned most of the new towns's town centres into vibrant commercial and cultural centres in their areas, the overall objective of self-reliance for the new towns failed, since most residents still had their jobs in Kowloon and on Hong Kong Island; the objective became impossible to accomplish when most of Hong Kong's secondary sector industries had moved to China.
History
The British government had developed new towns in the United Kingdom to help relocate displaced populations after the Second World War. This experience influenced the colonial Hong Kong government's development of new towns in Hong Kong.
Satellite towns
Before the 1950s, most of the population in Hong Kong lived in Hong Kong's urban area, namely the central and western parts of the Kowloon Peninsula and the northern coast of Hong Kong Island. After the Second World War, however, the population boomed. The drastic growth was due to prolonged political unrest in Mainland China, which brought a large number of refugees to Hong Kong from the 1950s to the early 1970s and led to the rapid advance of Hong Kong's economy from the 1970s to the early 1990s. The government in the 1950s originally had no plans to deal with the problem of housing the increasing population, until the Shek Kip Mei Fire in 1953 destroyed the homes of 58,203 people in a shanty town. The government, for the first time, built public housing to accommodate the victims and found a change in housing policy essential. On the one hand, the government began to provide public housing, and on the other hand it proposed to develop “satellite towns” in undeveloped areas in order to make more lands available for the increasing housing need. At first, it identified Tsuen Wan and Kwai Chung as sites for the first satellite towns, but it then found that Kwun Tong, located in then-underdeveloped eastern Kowloon, would be attractive to people living in the slums of nearby Ngau Tau Kok. Thus, in the late 1950s, Kwun Tong became the first developed satellite town. Around the same time, the government also began to develop Tsuen Wan as a satellite town. In 1967, using a similar concept on a smaller scale, it also built Wah Fu Estate, which lay to the west of Aberdeen in Pok Fu Lam, in a remote corner on the southern side of Hong Kong Island.
New towns
In the late 1960s and the 1970s, another stage of new-town developments was launched and the term "new town" was officially adopted. As most flat lands in Kowloon and Hong Kong Island had already been developed, the government proposed to build new towns in New Territories, a largely rural area at that time. Kwun Tong, as the first satellite town, was not considered as a new town, as it was part of Kowloon and regarded by the government as part of the urban area. The first phase of new town development was unveiled in 1973, including Tsuen Wan New Town, which as a satellite town was not brought to full-scale development, and also Sha Tin New Town and Tuen Mun New Town. These new towns were intended to accommodate a few hundred thousand people each. For example, according to the first plan in 1961, the government planned to accommodate 360,000 people in Sha Tin once the entire new town had been built; the estimated population in Sha Tin rose to 500,000 in the planning of the early 1970s. In the corresponding areas, land was reclaimed to create new space for some of the new towns. These newly developed towns, maturing in the 1980s, provided new homes to more than 1 million Hong Kong people.
The first phase having succeeded, Hong Kong government proposed later in the 1970s to build New Towns in other areas as well. As part of this second phase, the development of Tai Po New Town, Yuen Long New Town and Fanling-Sheung Shui New Town began in 1976, 1977 and 1978 respectively; the extension of the Tsuen Wan New Town to Tsing Yi Town also began in the mid-1970s, and was regarded as part of the second phase of new-town development. The third phase of new-town development was proposed in the 1980s, including Tseung Kwan O New Town, Tin Shui Wai New Town and Ma On Shan, the last of which was officially considered as an extension of Sha Tin New Town. The fourth phase of new-town development, so far the last, commenced in 1996 and developed North Lantau New Town (only Tung Chung was developed, although originally the plan included the area near Tai Ho Wan), as a supporting town for the then-newly constructed airport in Chek Lap Kok. At present, there are nine new towns in all.
New Town development slowed in the 2000s, on account of unexpectedly slow population growth. Indeed, even the development of North Lantau New Town was hindered: the population of North Lantau New Town was just 80,000 in early 2010s, less than half of the 200,000 originally planned. No additional new towns were established in the 2000s and early 2010s, and new-town development was restricted to further development of the ones already developed. In response to excess housing demand since the late 2000s, however, which resulted in extremely high housing prices and rents as well as very long queues in pending for public housing, government considered adding to the number of new towns again. In the early 2010s, the government proposed to build new towns in Hung Shui Kiu, Kwu Tung, North Fanling and Ping Che-Ta Kwu Ling. The proposals are matters of heated public debate; if the proposals are adopted, construction work is expected to begin in the mid 2010s, and its first phase to end in the early 2020s.
Urban planning
The planning of the new towns was, in colonial history, the first major attempt at horizontal coordination among government departments. Regarding it as a cornerstone of Hong Kong social policy, the colonial government aimed to alleviate urban overpopulation and improve quality of life for ordinary citizens. It planned all new towns carefully, with the objective that the new towns should be self-reliant. Besides residential areas, then, the government included commercial, industrial and recreational areas in the planning of the new towns in the first two phases, such that the new towns could provide their residents with enough job opportunities. The attempt, if successful, could minimise the need for transportation between the new towns and the city centre, lowering both residents' travel expenditures and the burden on the transportation system. For this reason, the government planned industrial areas near all the new towns it planned before the 1980s:
Sha Tin New Town: Fo Tan and Shek Mun;
Tuen Mun New Town: Tuen Mun Industrial Area 屯門工業區, west of the Tuen Mun River, north of Wong Chu Road, east of Shan King Estate and south of Tai Hing Gardens;
Tsuen Wan New Town: Chai Wan Kok Industrial Area 柴灣角工業區, Texaco Industrial Area 德士古工業區 and Kwai Chung;
Fanling-Sheung Shui New Town: On Lok Tsuen Industrial Area 安樂村工業區;
Tai Po New Town: Tai Po Industrial Estate 大埔工業邨;
Yuen Long New Town: Yuen Long Industrial Estate 元朗工業邨.
The idea did not work, however. In the 1980s, when the new towns were developing at their highest pace, secondary sector industries in Hong Kong began moving to the Mainland China, where costs were much lower, and Hong Kong gradually emerged instead as a commercial and financial centre in the region. In consequence, most of the work opportunities remained in the urban areas, forcing residents in the new towns to travel between the new towns and the city centre every day. From the 1990s on, when Hong Kong had almost no more substantial secondary industries, the industrial buildings were repurposed into offices and warehouses, or even rebuilt as residential apartments. The new towns planned in the 1980s and 1990s had either no more industrial areas (e.g. Tin Shui Wai New Town and Tung Chung), or industrial areas with only high-value-adding industries allowed (e.g. Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate 將軍澳工業邨).
Town centres
Typically, a new town was planned and developed around a town centre, which was the town's business, cultural and traffic hub. For example, in the town centres of Tuen Mun New Town and Sha Tin New Town, one can find shopping centres, public libraries, theatres, government offices, parks, and bus terminuses. Any new town with a railway station had its town centre planned near it. Tsuen Wan New Town was distinctive in having more than one town centre, situated around Tsuen Wan station and Kwai Fong station, and later also around Tsing Yi station after Tsuen Wan New Town had expanded to Tsing Yi. With the exception of Tin Shui Wai New Town, the only new town without a clear town centre, the new towns' town centres became vibrant business and cultural hubs of their areas.
Transport
Transport is vital for the new towns, and thus is planned with care. Before the development of new towns, most areas in the New Territories were poorly connected; new development required both roads and public transport.
To ease the traffic between the new towns and the urban area, new roads and highways were built. For example, Tuen Mun Road and Tolo Highway were two principal highways built in the late 1970s and early 1980s to connect the new towns in western New Territories and eastern New Territories to New Kowloon; tunnels (e.g. Lion Rock Tunnel and Tate's Cairn Tunnel) and bridges (e.g. Tsing Yi Bridge) were also built to shorten travel times.
Public transport was also developed. Many new towns were planned with new railway lines (e.g. MTR stations in Tsuen Wan New Town, Tseung Kwan O New Town, Tung Chung and the Ma On Shan Rail for Ma On Shan). The Kowloon–Canton Railway was electrified in the early 1980s in order to provide convenient transport to the new towns at Fanling-Sheung Shui, Tai Po and Sha Tin.
New towns in the north-western New Territories were connected by Light Rail Transit, although at the time they remained the only new towns without direct railway service to the urban areas. Because there was no railway transport, and Tuen Mun Road and Castle Peak Road were the only links to Kowloon, the traffic between these new towns and the urban area was highly congested, prompting the government to study new road and rail links. The situation improved when Tai Lam Tunnel opened in 1998. These new towns in the north-western New Territories were finally connected to urban areas with direct railway service when KCR West Rail (now part of the Tuen Ma Line) opened in 2003.
Housing
New towns' residential areas have both private and public housing.
Land reclamation
When new towns were first developed, land reclamation was an important way of gaining land to build on. Large areas were gained by land reclamations in Sha Tin, Tsuen Wan, Tuen Mun, Tai Po, Tsing Yi, Ma On Shan, Tin Shui Wai, Tseung Kwan O and Tung Chung – 7 of 9 new towns, with Fanling-Sheung Shui New Town and Yuen Long New Town being the only exceptions.
Established new towns
Planned new towns
Yuen Long District
Hung Shui Kiu New Town (Near Tin Shui Wai New Town and Yuen Long New Town)
North District (North East New Territories New Development Areas Planning)
Kwu Tung North New Town
North Fanling New Town (Extension of Fanling-Sheung Shui New Town)
Ping Che-Ta Kwu Ling New Town (Suspended)
Islands District
North Lantau New Town (Tung Chung Development Plan Phase 3 and Phase 4)
Planned new districts in established new towns
Yuen Long District
Yuen Long South (Yuen Long New Town)
Kam Tin South (Yuen Long New Town)
Tai Po District
Pak Shek Kok (Tai Po New Town)
Sai Kung District
Tseung Kwan O South and Pak Shing Kok (Tseung Kwan O New Town)
Anderson Road Quarry Development Plan (Tseung Kwan O New Town)
Sha Tin District
Shui Chuen O (Sha Tin New Town)
Kau To Hill (Sha Tin New Town)
Whitehead and Lok Wo Sha (Sha Tin New Town)
Tuen Mun District
So Kwun Wat (Tuen Mun New Town)
Others
Lok Ma Chau Loop (Yuen Long New Town and Fanling-Sheung Shui New Town)
References
Further reading
Between 1642 and 1651 the Channel Islands were involved in an eleven-year-long, wide-scale armed conflict known as the English Civil War, between the Parliamentarians (nicknamed pejoratively as the Roundheads) and Royalists (nicknamed the Cavaliers) over, principally, the manner of England's government and the amount of power the monarch should be able to wield.
For the most part, Jersey remained loyal to the Crown (even sheltering the future Charles II of England on two separate occasions in 1646 and 1649), whereas Guernsey, with the exception of Castle Cornet, was under Parliamentarian control. By 1651, Parliament gained control of both the islands and held them during the Interregnum even imprisoning Leveller dissident John Lilburne in Mount Orgueil Castle on 16 March 1654, due to Jersey having no habeas corpus laws. After the restoration of monarchy in 1660, the Parliamentarian general John Lambert was imprisoned on Guernsey.
History
From 1642 to 1651, England was torn apart by a series of internal conflicts known as the English Civil War between the Charles I of England (and later Charles II of England) and those who supported Parliament. The nature of the engagement was primarily based on whether the monarchy wielded absolute power over its subjects or was a constitutional monarchy and had to rule alongside a legislative body (e.g. English Parliament). As the war became more protracted, hostilities eventually spread to other parts of the British Isles (notably Scotland and Ireland) yet the Channel Islands were gradually embroiled in the conflict as well. While there was some support for Parliament amongst the island's inhabitants, Jersey under the de Carterets (see Sir George Carteret and Sir Philippe de Carteret II) were able to secure the island for the King throughout much of the civil war period. Guernsey, on the other hand, sided with the Parliamentarian cause, though Castle Cornet was held by Royalist sympathiser, governor Sir Peter Osborne, until 1651.
The beginnings of the Conflict on Jersey
On 26 March 1642 a petition was presented to the Long Parliament calling for the arrest of the then Governor and Bailiff Sir Philippe de Carteret on charges of mis-government. The petitions authors were a committee of several jurats notably Mr De La Hague, Mr Sammares, Mr Maufant, Mr Bisson, and Mr Hérault. They were joined by an unlikely ally, the Dean of Jersey, David Bandinel. The chief charges were those of mis-governance, nepotism and cronyism displayed by Sir Philippe.
One aspect noticeably absent from petition are religious differences which came to dominate similar protests in England, this is due in part to Sir Philippe's own faith which in England would have been seen as favourable to Parliament. The dean, on the other hand, had been an enemy of Parliament, being arrested in 1641 for imposing episcopal governance on the island during the 1620s and then jumping bail to return to Jersey. Another key figure Pierre d'Assigny was a Huguenot, given shelter by de Carteret on the island and became minister of the Town Church, against the Dean's wishes who was opposed to d'Assigny and de Carteret's Calvinist views. In spite of this early friendship d'Assigny would become an enemy of de Carteret.
Following the petition, and with the de Carteret name becoming known in Whitehall thanks to the privateering actions of George Carteret (Sir Philippe's nephew) Parliament issued an arrest warrant for Sir Philippe:
However, he refused to be arrested in the name of Parliament, declaring in March 1643 that "This Island has nothing to doe with Parliament but only to the King in Council". From a constitutional perspective this was correct, but de Carteret had made many enemies and they had been pushed towards Parliament by the king's steadfast support for Sir Philippe. Much of the island rebelled lead in part by a committee of jurats which had formed a bloc in the States against de Carteret, the Dean of Jersey and also the firebrand Huguenot preacher Pierre d'Assigny then Minister of the Town Church. Sir Philippe faced with the militia marching on the town had to flee to Elizabeth Castle while his wife and a son managed to successfully seize the fortress of Mont Orgueil located at the east of the island.
The Parliamentarian faction began the construction of works with which to bombard Elizabeth Castle, the yard of the Town Church was converted into an artillery battery. Under the instructions of Pierre d'Assigny (Minister of the Town Church) further batteries were constructed on the Town Hill, however the population was becoming increasingly reluctant to cooperate with the Parliamentarian leadership. Works were also constructed with which to bombard Mont Orgueil Castle. Modern cannon were received from England, however these were deployed only at the last minute, and also poorly and had little or no effect on breaking the deadlock. The Royalists mounted several skirmishes towards St. Helier and the batteries, however there was very little direct combat in the period most of the fighting being gunnery exchanges at long range with only minimal effect.
The recapture of Jersey by the Royalists
With the capture of Jersey's only two fortresses, the island fell to the royalist cause within the year and, following the death of Sir Philippe in 1643, his nephew George Carteret, took over operations for the royalists. In order to fund the military presence in the island, Carteret took to privateering. Along with his privateering exploits, George Carteret also sought to imprisoning Parliamentarian supporters and confiscating their property in order to fund the royalist expenses. However this alone was not enough, the Royalist cause by 1645 becoming increasingly desperate was in urgent need of revenues, this meant more unpopular taxation. A new Court House in the Royal Square was also constructed as a symbol of royal power prominently displaying the arms of both Carteret and the king.
The Prince of Wales, the future Charles II, was given sanctuary on the island of Jersey in 1646 and again in October 1649. Charles II was publicly proclaimed king after his father's death (following the first public proclamation in Edinburgh on 5 February 1649) in the Royal Square in St. Helier on 17 February 1649. Charles' visits also led to unwelcome changes in the nature of the island's religion; with the initial rebellion the Church had reverted to its Presbyterian/Calvinist state, but with the Royalists regaining control this was reversed. These changes were branded by contemporary critics as "papist", the Jersey church was brought closer to that of the Caroline one which "greatly scandalised the people". Combined with the large numbers of Catholic soldiers also on the island, the population was becoming disgruntled and Carteret's regime was becoming more autocratic and oppressive. Even Royalists who criticised Carteret's methods were not safe from persecution, as is the case with the Reverened le Cloche of St Ouen and his wife who disagreed with piracy and accused Carteret of being Godless. Similar views are shared by a fellow if moderate Royalist, Jean Chevalier in his journal.
The fall of Jersey to Parliament
With Jersey being the last royalist stronghold in the British Isles (as well as the effects of George Carteret's raids on shipping), a Parliamentarian force of 84 ships carrying c. 3,000 men including 700-800 cavalry, under Colonel James Heane and naval commander Robert Blake, was commissioned in 1651 to retake the island.
The Parliamentarians landed on 20 October 1651 to the west of the island at St Ouen's Bay and managed defeat the royalist force assembled to meet them in a short confrontation. The Royalist forces were heavily demoralised, having been forced to march up and down the bay under fire from Parliamentary ships who were sailing around to disguise the point of their landing. Support for Royalism on the island was also far lower than it had been in 1643 when the Parliamentarian faction was ousted from power. Many were unwilling to fight and the majority of the island was apathetic to the Royalist cause. Contemporary chroniclers point to Carteret's dictatorship, changes to the religion and war weariness as a primary cause. Many of the Royalist forces routed before any heavy fighting could take place, the majority of casualties were sustained by the cavalry who stayed longer, though even these were light. The Royalist forces were forced to retreat to their strongholds on the island. Morale amongst the Royalist garrison at Mont Orgueil was low, and they surrendered on amiable terms to Col. Heane, faced with the prospect of modern artillery being deployed on Mont St. Nichols, and with no prospect for relief the Old Castle would not have held for long, and the struggle would have largely been futile.
Elizabeth Castle, a modern fortress, surrendered seven weeks later after a protracted siege on 15 December 1651. The Parliamentarian forces were forced to deploy heavy mortars in order to bomb the fortress into submission, several batteries were constructed, the Town Church was converted into a guardhouse. The Parliamentarian bombardment of the castle destroyed the medieval abbey church in the heart of the castle which was being used as a storehouse for ammunition and provisions. Having lost many of his supplies, and powder and with no hope of relief due to Parliamentarian naval presence there was no hope of repelling an enemy attack. Sir George Carteret surrendered to Col. Heane of the Parliamentarian forces on the similar terms to that of Mont Orgueil. He and the other Royalist defenders were granted permission to withdraw to the continent. It is said that Carteret and Heane departed amicably.
In recognition for all the help given to him during his exile, Charles II gave George Carteret, bailiff and governor, a large grant of land in the American colonies, which he promptly named New Jersey, now part of the United States of America. In 1663 The States of Jersey were awarded a gilded Royal Mace in recognition of the island's support during Charles II's time in exile.
Guernsey
Guernsey sided with the Parliamentarians. Guernsey's decision was mainly related to the higher proportion of Calvinists and other Reformed churches, as well as Charles I's refusal to take up the case of some Guernsey seamen who had been captured by the Barbary corsairs. The allegiance was not unanimous, however; there were a few Royalist uprisings in the south-west of the island and Castle Cornet was held by the royalist governor, Sir Peter Osborne. From Castle Cornet, Osbourne was able to bombard the town of St. Peter Port unopposed, making sections of the town inhabitable. Throughout the period Castle Cornet was kept supplied by George Carteret.
In 1651, Jersey, which had been under royalist control since 1643, was seized by parliamentarian forces under Colonel James Heane. The Parliamentarians then captured the Crown of England that had belonged to Charles I which had been resident in the Court House in Jersey and brought it back to Guernsey, delivering it to the Governor of Castle Cornet as proof of Jersey's surrender.
The castle surrendered on about 9 December 1651, with the garrison permitted to march out bearing arms and to leave the island, effectively ending all royalist resistance to The Protectorate in the British Isles.
After the restoration of monarchy in 1660 the Parliamentary general John Lambert was imprisoned in on Guernsey.
Citations
Notes
References
Further reading
— Republished
Wars of the Three Kingdoms
Eddy Test was the common name for a test given throughout World War II and for several years thereafter, to identifying men with the capability and aptitude for being trained in the enlisted ranks as electronics maintenance technicians in the U.S. Navy and U.S. Marine Corps. The official name was Radio Technician Selection Test (RTST, Nav Pers 16578), but this designation was rarely used. Passing the Eddy Test served as the passport to the Electronics Training Program, possibly the best technical training program then available in the armed services.
Background
Since 1924, the Radio Material School (RMS), located on the campus of the Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) in Washington, D.C., had provided advanced maintenance training for selected men with a rating of electrician's mate or radioman in the U.S. Navy and Coast Guard. Admission required years of experience as an apprentice (then called a "striker") and passing a very difficult examination. The RMS graduated about 100 men per year, usually with a rating of petty officer first class. (Entertainer Arthur Godfrey was a 1929 Coast Guard graduate.)
As the 1940s began and the Navy prepared for the expected war, thousands of new ships, aircraft, submarines, and shore stations were being built, all needing electronics technicians. Also, there had been major advances in electronics, requiring technicians who had much better knowledge of theory. Thus, the existing RMS was inadequate and an entirely new training program was needed.
With the December 7, 1941, attack on Pearl Harbor, the urgency of a solution became highly critical. An ad hoc group in Washington, D.C., was developing a training plan and immediately began a crash effort. They were joined by William C. Eddy, a medically retired officer (deafness) and a recognized authority in electronics. (Eddy would shortly reenter active duty, and during the war years rise to the rank of captain).
In a few days, a plan was developed for what would be commonly called the Electronics Training Program (ETP). A vital element of the ETP would be the selection of students. These would mainly come from volunteers and draftees who, unlike the RMS students from the Regular Navy, would not have experience as apprentices; therefore, a comprehensive classification examination was needed for admission. Eddy volunteered to lead the development of this examination – thus, the name Eddy Test.
Application
The ETP involved a Primary School (officially called EE & RM School) that, in 12 weeks of 14-hour instructional days, covered the basics of electrical engineering, including the related mathematics; this was initially given by a number of engineering colleges and universities. Primary was followed by a Secondary School (officially called Advanced Radio Material School), giving advanced theory and laboratory work on actual hardware; several new Navy-operated schools, including an upgraded RMS, provided this instruction.
The ETP was reported to be the most intense and difficult technical instruction ever given to enlisted personnel. Therefore, the Eddy Test needed to identify students with the basic capability and psychological fitness to pursue such instruction. The test was noted to have been very successful for this purpose.
January 12, 1942, a prototype Primary School was opened using laboratories of Eddy's experimental television station in the "Loop" of downtown Chicago. Initial students were admitted on the basis of prior radio experience, and were also tested against a draft of the Eddy Test. The prototype school quickly evolved into an extensive operation called Radio Chicago; its functions included centralized grading all of the Eddy Tests. Eddy and his staff wrote a book to help people prepare for the test. Even after filtering with the Eddy Test, there was initially an unacceptably high failure rate in Primary School; thus, Radio Chicago added a 4-week Pre-Radio School, concentrating on physics, mathematics, and the slide rule, conducted by taking over several local junior colleges and high schools.
There are no records of the number of people taking the Eddy Test during WW II, but this is estimated to have been 500,000 or more. In an interview, Eddy stated that 86,000 persons "received training", possibly indicating that this number passed the test. Captain Eddy's Legion of Merit citation states that through 1945 some 30,000 technicians completed the ETP. These numbers show that only a small fraction initially passed the Eddy Test, and that, even with this, the failure rate in the overall program was some 60 percent.
There was a hard, universally used pass-fail criterion for the Eddy Test, and a second chance was normally never allowed. Eddy described the test as having questions with multiple-choice answers, with each of the answers giving some indication of the test-taker's mathematics/physics knowledge, creativity, reasoning ability, and general aptitude. Most answers were weighted – not simply right or wrong – and speed certainly affected the results. No copies of the actual test have been found.
Meaning and reliability
In early 1943, the Test and Research Section, Bureau of Naval Personnel, made an in-depth study of 660 students in Primary and Secondary Schools at the Naval Research Laboratory. The results were published later in the journal American Psychologist. The stated purpose of the study was "an endeavor to identify some of the characteristics of men who were successful in completing training." It was noted that "in such an extensive training program as that for radio technicians which demands a high degree of concentration and ability, the Navy could ill afford to spend several months training men who, because of lack of ability, were unable to complete the training."
Among other factors, the grades on the Otis Test were examined. It is stated in the paper that the mean score "for an unselected adult population is 42, with a possible score of 75. The average for the 660 students was 67.1." The high average led to administering the Officer Qualification Test to a group of 282 graduating students. The overall conclusion was that "the trainees rank well above the average enlisted man, pushing close to the ceiling of enlisted tests ... and they were also distinctly above the mean [value] for the officer population."
It has been cited elsewhere that ETP students scored an average of near 68 on the Otis Test. While this test does not directly indicate an intelligence score, it does indicate that personnel in the ETP were in the upper three percent of the population; this roughly corresponds to about 130 on the Stanford–Binet intelligence quotient scale.
The study indicated that the several forms of the initial RTST (Eddy Test) was somewhat lacking in internal consistency (there was a Kuder–Richardson Formula 20 value of 21%). The tests were subsequently improved to become 82 to 89%.
Updated test
In 1951, the Bureau of Naval Personnel contracted with the Advanced School of Education, Teachers College, Columbia University, to develop a new Electronic Technician Selection Test (ETST). The contract called for this to be "somewhat less difficult than the RTST, with a maximum discrimination at or near the seventy-fifth percentage of the general high school population."
References
External links
World War II Recruiting Brochure for radar/radio technicians
Aptitude
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Cognitive tests
Zuleima Bruff Jackson (October 9, 1843 – February 16, 1915) was an American painter, largely of floral pieces. Daughter of Joseph Goldsborough Bruff, she was born in Washington, D.C., and was taught by her father to be a "Designing Artist". In 1861 she married Danish immigrant John Jackson, a brevet major in the United States Army. She continued to live in Washington until her death. Two of her drawings are in the Library of Congress.
References
1843 births
1915 deaths
American women painters
19th-century American painters
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
Painters from Washington, D.C.
The American Journal of Community Psychology (AJCP) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering community psychology. It was established in 1973 by Dr. Charles D. Spielberger, with notable previous editors including, Dr. Julian Rappaport, Edison Trickett (1993-1999), Bill Davidson (1999-2010), and Jacob Tebes (2010-2018). AJCP is currently published by Wiley (publisher). The current editor-in-chief as of 2018 iss Dr. Nicole E. Allen (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign). Dr. Nicole Allen was the first woman to hold this position. In 2020, the journal had a two-year impact factor of 3.55. According to Clarivate's journal impact factor report, AJCP is consistently ranked as a top journal in the categories of Psychology, Multidisciplinary, Public, Environmental & Occupational Health, and Social Work.
In addition to publishing original research, the journal publishes empirical reviews, policy statements, editorials and first-person accounts.
The journal is the official publication of the Society for Community Research and Action, division 27 of the American Psychological Association.
References
External links
American Journal of Community Psychology Website
Psychology journals
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Publications established in 1973
Bimonthly journals
English-language journals
Psychotherapy journals
Zadębce-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Autochton bipunctatus, also known by the vernacular names Gmelin's banded skipper, two-spotted banded skipper, and twin-spot banded skipper, is a butterfly species in the family Hesperiidae.
It was first described by Johann Friedrich Gmelin as Papilio bipunctatus in the Gmelin 13th edition of Systema Naturae.
A. bipunctatus occurs in the Americas, where its distribution ranges from Mexico south to Bolivia and Brazil. Its habitat consists of forest edges at an altitude of up to 1000 m above sea level.
References
Autochton (butterfly)
Butterflies described in 1790
Taxa named by Johann Friedrich Gmelin
Hesperiidae of South America
Butterflies of Central America
Butterflies of North America
This is a timeline of the World Trade Organization (WTO).
Timeline
October 1947 - 23 countries sign the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) in Geneva, Switzerland, to try to give an early boost to trade liberalisation.
November 1947 - Delegates from 56 countries meet in Havana, Cuba, to start negotiating the charter of a proposed International Trade Organisation (ITO).
January 1, 1948 - GATT 1947 comes into force.
March 1948 - Charter of the ITO signed but US Congress rejects it, leaving GATT as the only international instrument governing world trade.
1949 - Second GATT Round of trade talks held at Annecy, France.
1950 - Third GATT Round held in Torquay, England.
1956 - The Geneva Round completed in May 1956, resulting in $2.5 billion in tariff reductions.
1960-1962 - Fifth GATT Round named in honor of the 57th secretary of the United States Department of the Treasury Douglas Dillon who proposed the negotiations.
1964-1969 - The Kennedy Round, named in honour of the late US president, achieves tariff cuts worth $40 billion of world trade.
1973-1979 - The Seventh Round, launched in Tokyo, Japan, results in reducing not only tariffs but trade barriers as well
1986-1994 - GATT trade ministers launch the Uruguay Round in Punta Del Este, Uruguay, embarking on the most ambitious and far-reaching trade round so far.
1986-1994 - GATT negotiations culminate in the Marrakech Agreement that establishes the World Trade Organization (WTO).
January 1, 1995 - The WTO comes into existence.
May 1, 1995 - Renato Ruggiero becomes director-general for a 4-year term.
December 9, 1996 – December 13, 1996 - The inaugural ministerial conference takes place in Singapore. Disagreements between largely developed and developing economies emerge during this conference over four issues initiated by this conference, which led to them being collectively referred to as the "Singapore issues".
May 18, 1998 – May 20, 1998 - Second Ministerial Conference in Geneva, Switzerland.
September 1, 1999 - Mike Moore becomes director-general. The post has been fiercely contested; eventually a compromise was reached with Mike Moore and Supachai Panitchpakdi taking half each of a six-year term.
November 30, 1999 – December 3, 1999 - The Third Ministerial Conference takes place in Seattle, USA. The conference itself ends in failure, with massive demonstrations and riots (At least 30,000 protesters disrupt the summit) drawing worldwide attention.
November 9, 2001 – November 13, 2001 - The Fourth Ministerial Conference takes place in Doha, Qatar. WTO members agree on the Doha Development Agenda (DDA or just Doha Round), the ninth trade round which is intended to open negotiations on opening markets to agricultural, manufactured goods, and services. The Conference issues the Doha Declaration.
December 11, 2001 - The People's Republic of China joins the WTO after 15 years of negotiations (the longest in GATT history).
January 1, 2002 - Taiwan joins under the name "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu".
August 2002 - WTO rules in favour of the EU in its row with the US government over tax breaks for United States exporters. The EU gets the go-ahead to impose $4 billion in sanctions against the US, the highest damages ever awarded by the WTO.
September 1, 2002 - Former Thai deputy prime minister Supachai Panitchpakdi begins a three-year term as director-general. He is the first WTO head to come from a developing nation.
September 2003 - WTO announces deal aimed at giving developing countries access to cheap medicines, hailing it as historic. Aid agencies express disappointment at the deal.
September 10, 2003 – September 14, 2003 - 5th ministerial conference in Cancún, Mexico aims at forging agreement on the Doha round. An alliance of 22 southern states, the G20 (led by India, People's Republic of China and Brazil), resisted demands from the North for agreements on the so-called "Singapore issues", on competition policy and on public procurement in trade talks. Instead, they called for an end to agricultural subsidies within the EU and the US. The talks broke down without progress, although trade facilitation, one of the Singapore issues, re-emerged with the support from both developed and developing countries in later Doha trade round discussion.
December 2003 - WTO rules that duties imposed by the US on imported steel are illegal. US President George W. Bush repeals the tariffs to avoid a trade war with the EU.
August 2004 - Geneva talks achieve a framework agreement on the Doha round. Developed countries will lower agricultural subsidies, and in exchange the developing countries will lower tariff barriers to manufactured goods.
March 2005 - Upholding a complaint from Brazil, WTO rules that US subsidies to its cotton farmers are illegal.
May 2005 - Paris talks aimed at finalizing issues for agreement before the December 2005 Ministerial Conference in Hong Kong are hung over technical issues. The group of five (U.S., Australia, the EU, Brazil and India) fail to agree over chicken, beef and rice. France continues to protest restrictions on subsidies to farmers. Oxfam accuses the EU of delaying tactics which threaten to scupper the Doha round.
May 2005 - The WTO agrees to start membership talks with Iran.
September 2005 - Frenchman Pascal Lamy takes over as WTO director-general. He was formerly the European Commissioner for Trade.
October 2005 - US offers to make big cuts in agricultural subsidies if other countries, notably EU does the same.
November 11, 2005- WTO General Council successfully adopts Saudi Arabia's terms of Accession
December 13, 2005 – December 18, 2005 - World trade talks in Hong Kong begin amid widespread belief that they will not succeed in making a breakthrough.
July 24, 2006 - At the end of yet another futile gathering of trade ministers in Geneva, Pascal Lamy formally suspends the negotiations.
October 2006 - The US and Russia reach agreement in principle on a bilateral market access deal in the context of Russia's efforts to join the WTO.
January 11, 2007 - Vietnam becomes the 150th WTO member state.
February 7, 2007 - In his report to the WTO General Council Lamy says that "political conditions are now more favorable for the conclusion of the Round than they have been for a long time". He then adds that "political leaders around the world clearly want us to get fully back to business, although we in turn need their continuing commitment."
References
World Trade Organization
Rivello is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Hilltowns in Basilicata
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Kijik (Dena'ina: Qizhjeh) is a ghost town in Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska, United States. An Athabascan village that was established on the shores of Lake Clark in the Alaska Range, its population was recorded at 91 in the 1880 United States Census and declined thereafter, falling to approximately 25 individuals by 1904. Today, the village has been abandoned. The ghost town is located within the bounds of Lake Clark National Park and Preserve.
The historic portion of the village was the subject of archaeological and ethnological research in the 1960s. Interviews with Dena'ina elders in Nondalton established that the people of Kijik relocated to Old Nondalton (not far from present-day Nondalton) in the early 20th century, probably to be closer to trading posts and the canneries of Bristol Bay. A survey expedition that visited the site in 1909 reported it to be abandoned. A major archaeological excavation of the historic village took place in 1966, exposing twelve foundational remnants of log houses (many of the houses having apparently been moved to Old Nondalton at the time of the relocation), and two of what appeared to be larger communal structures.
In 1979, twelve acres of the village site were added to the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district. A much larger area, encompassing a significant number of archaeological sites related to the habitation and use of the area from at least the 12th century forward, was designated a National Historic Landmark District in 1994, for the unique concentration of sites related to the inland Dena'ina people.
The community was known by many other names than "Kijik" during its history, including "Lake Clark Village", "Nijik", "Nikhkak", "Nikhak", and "Old Keegik". Its current name has been spelled in a wide variety of ways, including "Keechik", "Keeghik", "Keejik", "Keggik", "Keygik", "Kichak", "Kichik", "Kilchik", and "Kilchikh".
Demographics
Kijik first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as the unincorporated Tinneh village of "Kichik." It appeared again on the 1890 U.S. Census as "Nikhkak." It has not reported since and was abandoned after 1900.
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Alaska
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lake Clark National Park and Preserve
References
Geography of Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska
Ghost towns in Alaska
Inuit history
National Historic Landmarks in Alaska
Buildings and structures in Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska
Native American history of Alaska
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Alaska
National Register of Historic Places in Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska
Populated places on the National Register of Historic Places in Alaska
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Alaska
National Register of Historic Places in Lake Clark National Park and Preserve
Robat-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Soflá and Robāt Soflá; also known as Robāţ) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 16 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
Antun Marković (; born 4 July 1992) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Croatian club Slaven Belupo.
Club career
Atyrau
On 19 July 2019, Marković joined Kazakhstan Premier League side Atyrau. Two days later, he made his debut in a 1–0 home win against Ordabasy after being named in the starting line-up.
Return to Slaven Belupo
On 30 June 2020, Marković signed a one-month contract with Croatian First League club Slaven Belupo. His return came after the resumption of league matches which remained in half due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but he failed to debut with the team as it was the third choice.
Papuk Orahovica
On 21 August 2020, Marković joined Croatian Third League side Papuk Orahovica. Eight days later, he made his debut in a 1–1 away draw against Tehničar after being named in the starting line-up.
Rot-Weiß Erfurt
On 1 February 2021, Marković joined with NOFV-Oberliga Süd club Rot-Weiß Erfurt after signed a short-term deal until the end of the 2021–22 season.
Second return to Slaven Belupo
On 9 July 2021, Marković signed a two-year contract with Croatian First League club Slaven Belupo. Seven days later, he was named as a first team substitute for the first time in a league match against Dinamo Zagreb. His debut with Slaven Belupo came on 20 May 2022 in a 3–1 away defeat against Istra 1961 after being named in the starting line-up.
International career
Marković was born in Gjilan, FR Yugoslavia and raised in Voćin, Croatia to Kosovo Croats parents. On 22 May 2017, he received a call-up from Croatia for the friendly match against Mexico, he was an unused substitute in that match. In addition to Croatia, he has the right to represent his homeland, Kosovo at the international level.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Gjilan
Croatian footballers
Croatian expatriate footballers
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Kosovan footballers
Kosovan expatriate footballers
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Kosovo Croats
Association football goalkeepers
Croatian Football League players
NK Slaven Belupo players
Second Football League (Croatia) players
NK Koprivnica players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
FC Atyrau players
Oberliga (football) players
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt players
Mgandu is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 15,129 people in the ward, from 13,788 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Alin Răzvan Fică (born 14 June 2001) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Politehnica Iași, on loan from CFR Cluj.
Honours
Club
CFR Cluj
Liga I: 2019–20, 2021–22
References
External links
Alin Fica at lpf.ro
2001 births
Living people
People from Caracal, Romania
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
CFR Cluj players
Liga II players
FC Rapid București players
ACSF Comuna Recea players
Liga III players
Túrony () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Fujiwara no Takanobu () (1142–1205) was one of the leading Japanese portrait artists of his day.
Takanobu was born in Kyoto, and was the half-brother of Fujiwara no Sadaie, one of Japan's greatest poets. Takanobu specialized in nise-e (“likeness picture”) portraits, except instead of painting on small-size paper Takanobu painted on scrolls over a meter in height and width. Only three of his works have survived, the most notable is of Minamoto no Yoritomo, the founder of the Kamakura government. Takanobu's son Nobuzane carried on the family tradition of painting.
See also
Nise-e
Yamato-e
Kamakura period
External links
Britannica article
Portraits of Minamoto Yoritomo, by Fujiwara Takanobu, Kyoto National Museum
Japanese portrait painters
1142 births
1205 deaths
12th-century Japanese painters
12th-century Japanese historians
James Sharples (1797–1850) was an English Roman Catholic bishop. He served as coadjutor to the Vicar Apostolic of the Lancashire District from 1843 until his death in 1850.
Early life and ministry
James Sharples was born in Liverpool on 19 October 1797, the son of Thomas and Elizabeth Sharples. He began training for the priesthood at Ushaw College in County Durham on 27 January 1809. James left Ushaw on 21 September 1818, and continued with his studies at the English College, Rome, arriving there on 18 December 1818. He became a distinguished student, winning prizes in Theology and Hebrew. While at the English College, he was ordained a subdeacon on 21 December 1822, a deacon on 20 May 1823, and a priest on 30 November 1823. He left Rome in July 1824 to join the mission in the north of England.
At first he took temporary appointments at Lea and Kirkham before taking charge of the mission of St Alban's in Blackburn. He caused controversy when he placed a brass plaque with the word "Rectory" at the entrance of the clergy house in Blackburn, which offended Anglicans and lead to questions being asked in Parliament. However, the brass plaque remained for over a hundred years. After fourteen years at Blackburn, he was appointed to St Marie's Church, Sheffield in 1839, which later became the Cathedral Church of St Marie for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hallam.
Episcopal career
He was appointed coadjutor, with rights of succession, to Bishop George Hilary Brown, by the Propaganda Fide on 7 August 1843. The appointment was approved by Pope Gregory XVI on the same day, and dispatched on 8 August 1843. His brief to the titular see of Samaria was dated 11 August 1843, and he was consecrated titular bishop of Samaria at the Church of Sant'Agata dei Goti in Rome by Cardinal Giacomo Filippo Fransoni on 15 August 1843.
On his return to England, one of his first acts as a bishop was to bless the foundation stone of St. John's Church in Salford on 30 May 1844; which was opened in 1848, and subsequently became Salford Cathedral.
In July 1847, he returned to Rome as part of a deputation for talks on the restoration of the hierarchy in England and Wales, which included Nicholas Wiseman, the future Archbishop of Westminster. On the death of Bishop Thomas Griffiths, Wiseman had to return to London, leaving Sharples to remain in Rome until October 1847. Around that time his health took a turn for the worse. He brought back to England the proposal that the eight vicariates to be divided into twelve dioceses.
In 1850, he withdrew to Singleton, Lancashire for recuperation, but in June his doctors pronounced that any recovery of his condition was hopeless. He died in Eccleston, Lancashire on 11 August 1850, aged 52, just weeks before the hierarchy was restored. His remains are buried in St Mary's Churchyard in Great Eccleston.
References
Bibliography
1797 births
1850 deaths
Alumni of Ushaw College
English College, Rome alumni
Clergy from Liverpool
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in England
Apostolic vicars of England and Wales
"Wonderful Christmastime" is a Christmas song by English musician Paul McCartney. Recorded during the sessions for his solo album McCartney II (1980), it was released in November 1979 following Wings' final album Back to the Egg earlier that year. It was McCartney's first solo single in over 8 years since "Eat at Home" in 1971. "Wonderful Christmastime" has charted within the top 10 in Austria, Germany, Ireland, Latvia, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom as well as the top 20 in Canada, Slovakia, Sweden, and Switzerland. The track is regarded as one of McCartney's weaker compositions by numerous music critics. It has been covered by numerous artists.
"Wonderful Christmastime" was added as a bonus track on the 1993 CD reissue of Back to the Egg and on the 2011 "Special Edition" and "Deluxe Edition" reissue of McCartney II; a longer, unedited version was also included on the Deluxe Edition. The track was also mixed in 5.1 surround sound for inclusion on the 2007 DVD release The McCartney Years.
Background and recording
McCartney wrote the song in the key of B major, and recorded it entirely on his own during the sessions for his solo project McCartney II. Although the members of Wings are not on the recording, they do appear in the promotional music video, which was filmed at the Fountain Inn in Ashurst, West Sussex.
It also includes footage filmed at the Hippodrome Theatre in Eastbourne, where McCartney rehearsed his 1979 UK tour. Wings performed the song during their 1979 tour of the UK.
Reception and legacy
Following its release as a stand-alone single in the United Kingdom, "Wonderful Christmastime" peaked at number six on the UK Singles Chart on the week ending January 5, 1980. In the United States, the single peaked at number 83 on the Cash Box Top 100 Singles chart (week ending January 12, 1980) and at number 94 on the Record World Singles Chart (week ending December 29, 1979), but it did not initially make the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
"Wonderful Christmastime" first appeared on a Billboard magazine music chart in December 1984, when it peaked at number 10 for two straight weeks on the magazine's special Christmas Singles chart. Its next appearance on a Billboard music came on the week ending January 6, 1996, when the song both debuted and peaked at number 29 on the magazine's weekly Hot Adult Contemporary chart. "Wonderful Christmastime" finally debuted on the main Billboard Hot 100 chart in December 2018, at position number 47. It peaked at number 28 on the week ending January 2, 2021, following its 2020 chart re-entry two weeks earlier.
"Wonderful Christmastime" continues to receive substantial annual festive airplay, although some music critics consider it to be one of McCartney's mediocre compositions. Beatles author Robert Rodriguez has written of "Wonderful Christmastime": "Love it or hate it, few songs within the McCartney oeuvre have provoked such strong reactions."
Including royalties from cover versions, it was estimated in 2010 that McCartney makes $400,000 a year from this song, which puts its cumulative earnings at over $15 million.
Personnel
Paul McCartney – vocals, keyboards, synthesizers, guitars, bass, drums, percussion, jingle bells, production
Charts
Weekly charts
Certifications and sales
Kylie Minogue version
Australian singer Kylie Minogue and British singer-songwriter Mika covered the song for Minogue's reissue Kylie Christmas: Snow Queen Edition (2016). The song was released as album's second single on 9 December 2016 by Parlophone.
The song was performed on 6 December 2016 by Minogue and Mika on Italian programme Stasera Casa Mika.
Charts
Release history
Cover versions
Diana Ross on the 1994 album A Very Special Season which reached no. 37 in the UK and was certified Gold.
2002: Hilary Duff on her debut album Santa Claus Lane.
2008: Demi Lovato on the compilation CD, All Wrapped Up.
2011: Eli Young Band on the compilation The Country Christmas Collection, peaking at No. 33 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in January 2012
2012: Paul McCartney with New York City Children's Chorus on Saturday Night Live.
2013: Paul McCartney with the a cappella group Straight No Chaser on their EP Under the Influence: Holiday Edition
2018: The Monkees recorded a version for their album Christmas Party
2020: Lady A performed the song on CMA Country Christmas.
2021: Pentatonix covered the song for their Christmas album Evergreen.
References
External links
Sold on Song (BBC Radio 2)
Mika (singer) songs
Paul McCartney songs
Lady A song
1979 singles
2016 singles
British Christmas songs
Songs written by Paul McCartney
Song recordings produced by Paul McCartney
Parlophone singles
Columbia Records singles
Music published by MPL Music Publishing
1979 songs
British synth-pop songs
Deanna Kamiel (July 6, 1946 – June 14, 2018) was a Canadian-born director, documentary film/public TV writer/producer with a career in public broadcasting at the CBC in Toronto and PBS in Minneapolis and professor of film development at SUNY Purchase College and then at The New School, Manhattan, New York City, US. She worked for 26 years (1992–2018) as Head of The New School's Documentary Studies program, Director of Graduate Certificate in Doc Studies Program, and Assistant Professor of Media Studies - School of Media Studies, Manhattan, New York, U.S. Kamiel's documentaries were based on live interviews of the person(s) the film was about. As a student at The University of Toronto in the 1960s, she wrote for The Varsity in Toronto, and The Ubyssey in Vancouver.
Awards
Guggenheim Fellowship, 1984, Creative Arts, video and audio
Museum of Modern Art
Northwest Broadcast News Association (regional Emmy), 1983
National Association of Working Women, Best Profile, 1983
National Film Board of Canada
International Public Television Festival (INPUT): 1986, 1985, 1984
Tokyo Video Festival, First Prize, Nuclear Outpost, 1985
Chicago International Film Festival, Cinematography, Nuclear Outpost, 1985
The Humanitarian Award at the Long Island International Film Expo, June 30, 2014
Emmy (New York), City Arts, WNET, 1999
Grants
Ontario Arts Council Grant, 1979
Faculty Support Award, Purchase College, State University of New York, 2005
Faculty Support Award, Purchase College, State University of New York, 2010
Provost Faculty Research Fund Grant, The New School, Office of the Provost, 2013-14
Books
The Lace Ghetto
Filmography
Visions of Cinema (Interviews with Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Jonathan Demme, and Jean Luc Godard)
Visions of Home
Jean-Luc Godard
Boys with bats: an American romance
Milgrom's Obsession
Maggie and the Men of Minnesota, 1972
Dean and Me: Roadshow of an American Primary
Ruth
Adoption
Nuclear Outpost
Mickey's Diner
Nuclear Outpost
Nighttime at the Diner
Lessons from an American Primary
Articles
"I believe my eyes: The transformative theatre of Hanif Kureishi",
References
External links
Jewish Canadian writers
20th-century Canadian women writers
21st-century Canadian women writers
Canadian women screenwriters
Canadian documentary filmmakers
Canadian film producers
Canadian political writers
2018 deaths
Canadian educators
Canadian non-fiction writers
Canadian schoolteachers
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Feminist filmmakers
1946 births
Canadian women non-fiction writers
Women documentary filmmakers
Jewish Canadian filmmakers
Cullen is a genus of legumes (family Fabaceae) native to tropical, subtropical and arid regions of Africa, Asia and Australia. Despite the origin implied in the name of the constituent species Cullen americanum, legumes of this genus are not native to the Americas.
Cullen was previously included in broad definitions of the allied genus Psoralea.
References
Psoraleeae
Fabaceae genera
Beşkonak is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Robert Lamb (c.1703 – 3 November 1769) was an English churchman, bishop of Peterborough from 1764.
Life
He was son of Matthew Lamb of London, and nephew of Peniston Lamb, who left him a fortune, as did his father, a prosperous attorney. He was educated at Enfield, Middlesex under Robert Uvedale, and matriculated at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1721. He graduated LL.B. in 1726 and LL.D. in 1728.
He was ordained in 1727, and that year was appointed vicar of Hather and of Keelby, in Lincolnshire. He was Dean of Peterborough from 1744 to 1764. He was rector of Peakirk with Glinton, Northamptonshire, from 1747 to 1763, and then of Hatfield, Hertfordshire from 1763. In 1758 he became a Fellow of the Royal Society.
He was elected Bishop of Peterborough in 1764. He died at Hatfield rectory and was buried there. He was unmarried, and his younger brother Sir Matthew Lamb, 1st Baronet of Brocket Hall inherited his estate.
References
Notes
1703 births
1769 deaths
Bishops of Peterborough
Deans of Peterborough
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
South Korea national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for South Korea that represents the team in international competitions. The country has participated at the Asian Para Games, the IFCPF World Championships and the Paralympic Games. In their only appearance at the Paralympics, the finished fourth.
Background
Korea Cerebral Palsy Football Association (KFCPF) is in charge of managing the national team. While South Korea was active in participating in international regional competitions by 2016, the country did not have a national championship to support national team player development. National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2013, 2014, and 2015 .
Players
There have been a number of players for the Korean squad.
Ranking
South Korea was ranked eighteenth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. The team was also ranked fourth regionally in Asia-Oceania that year. South Korea was ranked nineteenth in November 2014. In August 2013, they were ranked twentieth. In July 2011 and September 2012, they were seventeenth.
Results
South Korea has participated in a number of international tournaments. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Canada, Portugal, Iran, Northern Ireland, Australia, Venezuela, Japan, Germany, Denmark, and Spain.
IFCPF World Championships
South Korea has participated in the IFCPF World Championships. At the 2011 edition, South Korea won the Fair Play Cup.
Paralympic Games
South Korea has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games.
Paralympic Results
References
National cerebral palsy football teams
South Korea at the Paralympics
South Korea national football team
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1984 Summer Paralympics
Erigeron lemmonii is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Lemmon's fleabane. It has been found only in Scheelite Canyon on the grounds of Fort Huachuca Military Reservation in Cochise County, Arizona.
Erigeron lemmonii is a branching perennial herb up to 60 centimeters (2 feet) tall, producing a woody taproot. The leaves and the stem are covered with hairs. The plant generally produces only 1-3 flower heads per stem, each head with up to 60 white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows shaded cliff-faces in pine-oak forest.
The species is named for John Gill Lemmon (1831 - 1908), husband of prominent American botanist Sarah Plummer Lemmon (1836 – 1923).
References
Flora of Arizona
lemmonii
Plants described in 1883
Megan Cardwell Godfrey (born December 5, 1983) is an American educator and politician serving in the Arkansas House of Representatives from the 89th district. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
Early life
Megan Cardwell was born to parent Cindy and Gary Cardwell on December 5, 1983. The family moved to Springdale, Arkansas when she was 14. After graduating from Springdale High School, Cardwell attended the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, graduating with a major in Spanish and minor in Latin American studies. She was active in Associated Student Government and was named homecoming queen at the University of Arkansas in 2004.
Career
Cardwell joined Teach for America after graduation and taught in the Los Angeles Unified School District until 2008. During this time, she also earned a master's in early childhood education from Loyola Marymount University.
In 2008, Cardwell married Daniel Godfrey of Springdale and returned to Springdale to raise her family. She worked at Springdale Public Schools as a teacher and ESL curriculum specialist. Springdale is the largest school district in Arkansas and often has the highest proportion of ESL-students in the state, reflecting the diverse demographics of Springdale and the 89th district. After nine years in Springdale, Godfrey took a position with Fayetteville Public Schools as Co-Director of English Language Learning.
Politics
In the general election on November 6, 2018, Godfrey narrowly unseated Republican State Rep. Jeff Williams by a final vote of 1,857 to 1,827 (50.5%-49.5%). She was the first Democrat elected to the House from Springdale since Louis McJunkin, who retired in 1999.
As a member of the 92nd Arkansas General Assembly, Godfrey was in the minority as a Democrat. At the start of the session, Republicans had maintained a state government trifecta since 2015. Godfrey's signature legislation in 2019 was lead sponsor of Act 837, which grants nursing licenses to qualified nursing school students with a Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status.
She announced plans to run for reelection in June 2019. Unopposed in the Democratic primary, Godfrey won a second term in November 2020 against Republican challenger Jed Duggar, a son of former state representative Jim Bob Duggar of 19 Kids and Counting fame.
See also
References
1983 births
Arkansas Democrats
Living people
Members of the Arkansas House of Representatives
People from Springdale, Arkansas
Women state legislators in Arkansas
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Elizabeth David: A Life in Recipes is a 2006 British drama television film directed by James Kent and starring Catherine McCormack, Greg Wise and Karl Johnson. Written by Amanda Coe, it is a depiction of the life of the cookery writer Elizabeth David. It first aired on the BBC in January 2006.
Cast
Catherine McCormack – Elizabeth David
Greg Wise – Peter Higgins
Karl Johnson – Norman Douglas
Kieran O'Brien – Charles Gibson Cowan
Jacqueline Defferary – Bulgie
Andrew Havill – Tony David
Tilly Blackwood – Doreen Thornton
Richard Bailey – waiter
Jane Lapotaire – Ernestine Carter
Martin Savage – George
Alan Cox – Cuthbert
Emma Campbell-Jones – Frances
Georgie Glen – Pamela
Lucy Scott – Patricia
Neville Phillips – Diner
Penelope Beaumont – Mrs Diner
Laura Lonsdale – Waitress
Bart Ruspoli – Italian Doctor
Sophie Duval – TV Reporter
References
External links
2006 television films
2006 films
2000s English-language films
2000s British films
British drama television films
Edward Kellogg (October 18, 1790 in Norwalk, Connecticut – April 29, 1858 in New York) was a businessman and economist. Influenced by his experience in the Panic of 1837, he became an early advocate of fiat money. His ideas later influenced the Greenback movement and the Populist Party.
Life and career
After a brief stint in business in Norwalk, he relocated to New York City and established Edward Kellogg & Co., a wholesale dry goods firm, which he operated until 1837. By that time, he was heavily invested in real estate in Brooklyn and moved his family there to facilitate the management of his properties. This, together with his financial studies, would occupy most of his time for the remainder of his life.
Economic ideas
Following the Panic of 1837, he began to think about the monetary system and what he believed its faults were. He was especially concerned about interest, which could often reach usurious levels. His first proposal was that all paper money should be issued by the government. (At that time, most banks issued their own private paper notes.) The government's notes would be low interest and backed by real estate. Simultaneously, the government would issue bonds (at the same interest rate) that could be exchanged for the notes. This, he believed, would keep interest rates tied to actual economic growth. The notes could also be redeemed for gold or silver, twice yearly, and would be insured by a National Safety Fund.
In 1843 Horace Greeley, editor of the New York Tribune, convinced Kellogg to publish his opinions. They were issued in tabloid form under the title "Usury: the Evil and Remedy". With a few additions and changes, it was reprinted the next year as a pamphlet, under the pseudonym Godek Gardwell, and renamed "Currency: the Evil and Remedy". In 1849, it was given the title "Labor and Other Capital" and published as a book. His daughter put out a new edition in 1861 and it was retitled again, as "A New Monetary System",
Influence on later movements
During his own lifetime, Kellogg's ideas garnered interest from Greeley and some other public figures, but they never came close to being adopted. Kellogg's proposals gained new attention during the American Civil War, when the United States began printing banknotes as a matter of wartime necessity. After the war, Alexander Campbell adopted aspects of Kellogg's proposals, calling for the permanent usage of fiat money. Campbell's approach served as the intellectual basis for the rise of the Greenback movement and would later influence the Populist Party.
Bibliography
Labor and Other Capital, reissued (1971) by A. M. Kelley,
References
External links
Letter from "Godek Gardwell" urging editor Freeman Hunt to publish his writings in the Merchants' Magazine.
1790 births
1858 deaths
People from Norwalk, Connecticut
Economists from Connecticut
19th-century American businesspeople
The Nathan B. Lattin Farm is a historic farm at 22 Walker Hill Road in Newtown, Connecticut. Founded by early colonial settlers to the area in the 18th century, it remains a good example of a rural farm property in an increasingly suburbanized area. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Description and history
The Nathan Lattin Farm is located in a rural setting in southeastern Newtown, on of land abutting the Halfway River, the town's border with Monroe. The property is now mostly wooded, and includes a farmhouse, a period icehouse, a 20th-century reproduction of an older barn, and the foundational remnants of other outbuildings. The farmhouse is a three-bay Colonial with a side-gable roof and a large central chimney, and is built on a fieldstone foundation. Its interior follows a typical center chimney plan, with a narrow entry hall, parlors to either side of the chimney, and the kitchen behind it. The chimney houses cooking fireplaces both in the kitchen and the basement; both feature beehive ovens made from stone, a departure from brick which is more usually found in these features. The house lacked modern amenities, including plumbing and electricity, until 1978.
The earliest documented colonial settlers of this area were the Lattins, whose name appear on a property listing in 1767. Construction methodology of the house suggests that it was built about 1750. The house is sited along what was once a major north–south road, and shows evidence of having been altered for use as an inn. The property was farmed by the Lattins until about 1897, when it was sold out of the family and adapted for use as a summer residence.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fairfield County, Connecticut
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
Houses completed in 1750
Lattin Nathan
National Register of Historic Places in Fairfield County, Connecticut
The men's javelin throw event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Thursday, August 2, 1928. Twenty-eight javelin throwers from 18 nations competed.
Records
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in metres) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Erik Lundqvist set a new Olympic record in the qualification with 66.60 metres.
Results
The qualification started at 2 p.m. The best six throwers qualified for the final. The final was held on the same day and started at about 4.30 p.m.
References
Sources
Official Olympic Report
Javelin
Javelin throw at the Olympics
Men's events at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Imma chloromelalis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1866. It is found in Brazil.
Adults are dark reddish brown, silvery cinereous beneath. The forewings are slightly rounded at the tips, with some green speckles, most of which form three very incomplete bands. The costa is hardly convex, while the exterior border is convex and hardly oblique. The hindwings are brown.
References
Moths described in 1866
Immidae
Moths of South America
The Iowa Tests of Educational Development (ITED) are a set of standardized tests given annually to high school students in many schools in the United States, covering Grades 9 to 12. The tests were created by the University of Iowa's College of Education in 1942, as part of a program to develop a series of nationally accepted standardized achievement tests.
The primary goal of the ITED is to provide information to assist educators in improving teaching.
Goals of the ITED
Rather than testing a student's content knowledge, the ITED endeavors to evaluate students' skills in a variety of areas, especially based on problem-solving and critical analysis of texts. These are considered by the authors of the ITED to be skills acquired across multiple curricular areas and skills that are important for academic success. Within the skill areas evaluated by the ITED, the test is designed to elicit information about a student's current skill level, growth and abilities within each area tested. The ITED is designed to examine and compare a student's ability in several educational fields, including vocabulary, reading comprehension, language, spelling, mathematical concepts and problem-solving, computation, analysis of social studies materials, analysis of science materials, and use of sources. Although the test is broken up into these fields, the goal of the ITED is to track the development of the skills and analysis needed in each of these areas rather than the content.
ITED Sections
Vocabulary
The vocabulary section of the ITED focuses on testing the development of students' vocabulary for everyday communication.
Reading Comprehension
The reading comprehension section of the ITED tests literal understanding as well as the higher-level skills of inference and analysis.
Language: Revising Written Materials
The language section of the ITED focuses on students' ability to revise and edit texts, include issues of style and clarity as well as grammatical errors.
Spelling
The ITED spelling test presents students with groups of words; students must indicate which word is misspelled or whether they are all spelled correctly.
Mathematics: Concepts and Problem-Solving
This section focuses on problem-solving and logical thinking skills rather than mathematical computation. Some questions require basic computation while others require students to determine the steps necessary to solve a problem without actually completing the problem itself.
Analysis of Social Studies Materials
This ITED section requires students to analyze information presented to them and will often contain documents including maps, graphs and reading passages.
Analysis of Science Materials
The science materials section of the ITED evaluates students' familiarity and comfort with scientific procedures and their ability to understand and analyze scientific information and methods.
Sources of Information
The sources of information section tests students' ability to do research and to use the resources available to them to find information.
Uses of the ITED
The ITED is used in the majority of schools in the state of Iowa, both in the public and private education sectors, and the tests have found some use in other regions of the United States. The ITED is administered in the fall and results are used along with classroom observation and student work by teachers to evaluate the progress of a student's abilities. The ITED results are also used by the state of Iowa to monitor schools' progress and determine if schools and students are meeting goals.
Individual student ITED results are used to help determine placements and tracks. The ITED helps educators and students plan student schedules by providing information for the school to use in placing students in classes of varying levels of difficulty. The results also provide information about students' academic potential, assisting students and school advisors as they make their high school course selections and plan for college.
The ITED is scored based on the number of questions a student answered correctly. Research has indicated that there is a correlation between ITED scores and student grade point averages (GPAs), although these correlations were lower than expected and lower than indicated by prior research.
See also
Education in the United States
High school—United States
Iowa education
Iowa Tests of Basic Skills
Secondary education in the United States
Standardized tests
References
Further reading
Qualls, Audrey L.; Ansley, Timothy N (1995). “The Predictive Relationship of ITBS and ITED to Measures of Academic Success”. Educational and Psychological Measurement, 55, 485-98
Shymansky, James A.; Enger, Sandra; Chidsey, Jennifer L.; Yore, Larry D; et al. (1997). “Performance Assessment in Science as a Tool to Enhance the Picture of Student Learning”. School Science and Mathematics, 97(4), 172-183.
Ansley, Timothy N. Forsyth; Robert A (1990). “An Investigation of the Nature of the Interaction of Reading and Computational Abilities in Solving Mathematics Word Problems”. Applied Measurement in Education 3(5), 319-330.
External links
Iowa Testing Programs
Utah State Office Of Education: Assessment & Accountability - The IOWA Tests
Riverside Publishing - Iowa Tests of Educational Development (ITED) Details
Testing in Iowa: An Overview
Tests of Educational Development, Iowa
Standardized tests in the United States
Achievement tests
The River Dibb is located in North Yorkshire, England. It is a tributary of the River Wharfe. Grimwith Reservoir is at the head of the River Dibb at a point some from Appletreewick. The river flows for , and must maintain a flow of of water a day into the River Wharfe system.
Toponomy
The name is possibly derived from the Olde English dib, a dialectical form of dip meaning hollow, or deep place pool. The name of Dybb/Dibb is recorded in local 14th century records as Dybbe, a now lost hamlet near Burnsall, where the people who lived there were lead miners.
Course
The river starts from the south side of Grimwith Reservoir and flows south-west through Burnett Fold Nook and then south before returning south-west to pass under the B6265 at Dibble's Bridge, which has been the scene of two coach crashes - one in 1925 when seven people were killed, and one in 1975 when 33 people were killed. Below its confluence with Holes Beck, the Ordnance Survey maps show the name of the river changing to Barben Beck. It follows a mostly southerly course through Rough Close Wood and Barnscar Plantation to Rookcroft Wood. It turns west through Sprinsgide Wood and then south-west again past Hartlington Mill, where it was once used to power a diameter undershot water wheel, and under Hartlington Bridge before joining the River Wharfe.
The river flows for largely over millstone grit, which overlays limestone and shales. A leat used to take water from a high point of the river (between the overflow of the reservoir and Dibbles Bridge) to a lead mine near to Barben Beck.
Ecology
The river is noted as having white-clawed crayfish, brown trout and arctic char present. The arctic char were introduced into Grimwith Reservoir from Windermere in 1989, 1990, and 1991. Surveys detected the fish in the River Dibb in 1995 and 1998. In 2015, Yorkshire Water agreed to keep a constant flow in the river from Grimwith Reservoir. As the designation of Grimwith Reservoir is one of compensation when needed in times of low water flow in the Wharfe and beyond, the river historically could run dry, making it difficult for wildlife to survive in the river. Yorkshire Water are required to allow to flow into the River Wharfe from Grimwith Reservoir via the River Dibb on a daily basis.
Folklore
Dibble's Bridge is sometimes referred to as Devil's Bridge. It is traditionally said to have been built by the Devil for a shoemaker named Ralph Calvert, after Calvert offered the Devil a drink.
Lists
Tributaries
Birsta Gill Dike
Stone Gill Dike
Holes Beck
Settlements
Dibble's Bridge
Hartlington
Crossings
B6265 Dibble's Bridge
Hartlington Bridge
References
Dibb
Parliamentary elections were held in Egypt on 24 May 1926. The result was a victory for the Wafd Party, which won 150 of the 215 seats.
Results
References
Egypt
Elections in Egypt
1926 in Egypt
May 1926 events
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
William Marshall was a Scottish rugby football player.
He was capped once for in 1872. He also played for Edinburgh Academicals.
He was the brother of Thomas Roger Marshall who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Poverty is widespread and unchecked across the 26 provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). Despite being the second-largest country in Africa, with an approximate area of , and being endowed with rich natural resources, the DRC is the second-poorest country in the world. The average annual income is only $785 US dollars. In 2019, the United Nations (UN) Human Development Index (HDI) ranked the DRC as the 175th least-developed country out of 189 countries with an HDI of 0.480. More than 80% of Congolese people live on less than $1.25 a day, defined as the threshold for extreme poverty.
Causes
Instability
Instability from years of wars and political upheaval is one of the most significant causes of poverty in the DRC, while poverty and youth unemployment has ignited conflicts. The D.R.C. is home to raw mineral ores worth an estimated US$24 trillion, which has been the driving force for one of the worlds most devastating conflicts since World War II. The war over raw materials in the Congo kills an estimated 10,000 civilians a month. The precious metals mined in the Congo are used in the manufacturing of smartphones, lightbulbs, computers, and jewelry. The corruption in the mining industry has become a lucrative trade for militia groups who, before 2010, generated yearly revenues estimated around $185 million indirectly from foreign investors. Although the passage of the Dodd–Frank Act in the USA substantially reduced the market for illegal minerals, and the majority of mines are now under civilian control, militia groups continue to fund themselves from gold mining. Foreign companies investing in the armed groups that control mineral resources has resulted in the loss of over $1 billion in tax revenue. In addition, the Congolese government's awarding of mining assets to foreign countries at one-sixth their value have cost the Congolese people about $1.35 billion.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) was very poor before the most recent outbreak of civil war in the 1990s. According to the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa, the data is sparse, but nevertheless it has concluded that "[a]rmed conflicts have caused a deterioration in living standards in most of the provinces". Households in war-torn areas spend less money per person for daily expenses than those in peaceful areas, a sign that the war has negatively affected their economic conditions.
Disease
Disease is another central cause of poverty in the DRC. Major diseases such as Cholera, Hepatitis A, Malaria, Polio, Measles and Typhoid Fever continue to run rampant. 1.2% of the Congolese are affected by HIV/AIDS. In the DRC, Malaria is the primary cause of morbidity and mortality. The DRC has the second-highest number of reported cases of Malaria worldwide. Children are especially susceptible to Malaria, and the disease is responsible for the deaths of 19 percent of children under the age of five. Tuberculosis is another leading cause of death. Infectious diseases have reduced the life expectancy of the Congolese to only 48 years, while one in seven children dies before the age of five.
Hunger
According to the Food Security Portal, nearly 70 percent of the DRC population have little to no access to an adequate food supply contributing to the malnourishment of one out of every four children. Malnutrition in children is especially high in war-torn provinces that rely on the mining industry. The principal contributing factor to food shortages is population displacement. Due to the ongoing violence the United Nations estimates that approximately 2.3 million persons are displaced in the DRC. The conflicts in mining provinces have disrupted harvesting activities resulting in three million people being at risk of starvation.
Water
Water shortages also play an integral role in severe food shortages. The lack of infrastructure in rural areas, as well as the collapse of infrastructure due to fighting, have left the majority of the Congolese without access to clean water sources. The DRC holds over half of the water reserves in Africa, and yet, in 2011, three-quarters of the population had no access to safe drinking water.
See also
Economy of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Water crisis in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mining industry of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Human Development Report: Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Economy of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Social issues in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Worship is the thirteenth studio album by Swedish death metal band Hypocrisy. It was released on 26 November 2021, eight years after End of Disclosure. It is the first metal album to be launched into space. Music videos for "Worship," "Chemical Whore," "Children of the Gray," and "Dead World" were made. This would be the last album with drummer Reidar "Horgh" Horghagen who left the band in April 2022.
Track listing
Personnel
Hypocrisy
Peter Tägtgren – guitars, vocals, mixing, recording
Mikael Hedlund – bass, songwriting (2, 7)
Reidar "Horgh" Horghagen – drums, songwriting (2, 11)
Other Personnel
Blake Armstrong – cover art
Sebastian Tägtgren – songwriting (track 4)
Marcelo Vasco – layout
Hannah Verbeuren – photography
Svante Forsbäck – mastering
Charts
References
2021 albums
Hypocrisy (band) albums
Nuclear Blast albums
Albums produced by Peter Tägtgren
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Osorno (in Latin: Dioecesis Osornensis ) is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Puerto Montt, in Chile. The diocese was established on 15 November 1955 by Pope Pius XII by means of the papal bull Christianorum qui in Diocesibus.
Diocesan statistics
The diocese, which comprises the entire province of Osorno in the Los Lagos region of Chile, covers a territory of 9,236 km² and has 22 parishes. According to the 2002 census by the Chilean Instituto Nacional de Estadística, 69.3% of the diocesan population of Osorno, ages 15 and over, considered themselves as Catholic. This figure represents about 154,000 Catholics out of a total population of 221,509 (2002).
The mother church of the diocese is the Cathedral of San Mateo in the city of Osorno.
Bishops of Osorno
Francisco Valdés Subercaseaux, O.F.M. Cap. † (20 June 1956 – 4 January 1982, died)
Miguel Caviedes Medina (8 November 1982 – 19 February 1994, appointed bishop of Los Angeles)
Alejandro Goic Karmelic (27 October 1994 – 10 July 2003, appointed coadjutor bishop of Rancagua). Mgr. Goic is the current president of the Chilean Conference of Catholic Bishops.
René Osvaldo Rebolledo Salinas, former Vicar General of Villarrica (8 May 2004 - 14 December 2013, appointed Archbishop of La Serena)
Juan Barros Madrid (March 2015 – 11 June 2018, resigned)
Jorge Enrique Concha Cayuqueo, O.F.M. (6 February 2020 -)
Parishes
City of Osorno and its surroundings:
San Mateo Apóstol, Cathedral (1792)
Nuestra Señora del Carmen (1957)
Sagrado Corazón (1964)
San Francisco (1967)
María Reina de los Mártires (1990)
Santa Rosa de Lima (2001)
Nuestra Señora de Lourdes (1930)
Jesús Obrero (1964)
El Buen Pastor (1972)
San José (1980)
San Leopoldo Mandic (1986)
Other localities:
Sagrada Familia (1901), Río Negro
San Joaquín y Santa Ana (1910), Río Negro
San Juan Bautista (1806), Mission (Misión) of San Juan de la Costa
Cristo Resucitado (1975), Mission of Cuinco (San Juan de la Costa)
San Bernardino (1794), Mission of Quilacahuín (San Pablo)
Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria (1836), San Pablo
San Agustín (1904), Puerto Octay
San Juan Nepomuceno (1909), Cancura (Osorno)
San Sebastián (1944), Purranque
Nuestra Señora de Fátima (1955), Entre Lagos (Puyehue)
San Pedro Apóstol (1970), Rupanco (Puyehue)
External links
Website of the diocese (in Spanish)
Diocese of Osorno at the www.catholic-hierarchy.org website
Osorno
Osorno
Osorno
Orsono, Roman Catholic Diocese of
1955 establishments in Chile
Halcyondale is an unincorporated community in Screven County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office was established at Halcyondale in 1842, and remained in operation until 1957. The name Halcyondale is a coined one meaning "peaceful valley".
References
Unincorporated communities in Screven County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Amblyomma tuberculatum, commonly known as the gopher tortoise tick, is a species of hard tick native to the United States whose adult and nymphal stages are commonly collected from the gopher tortoise, Gopherus polyphemus, with as many as 19 individual ticks taken from a single tortoise.
Life cycle
Adult female specimens of A. tuberculatum collected in Alabama and Georgia and maintained in the laboratory engorged on tortoises and ingested at least 2,160 mg of blood and produced up to 9,353 eggs each. Eggs incubated at constant temperatures hatched at 21.1 - 32.2 °C. Larvae engorged in 9–13 days on rabbits and molted to the nymph in a minimum of 20 days. Larvae exposed to subfreezing temperatures of −1 °C survived 46 days. Nymphs engorged in 10–37 days on rabbits, and molted to adults in a minimum of 19 days. The life cycle required a minimum of 207 days.
Distribution
The distribution of Amblyomma tuberculatum has been thought to be intrinsically linked to the distribution of its primary host, the gopher tortoise, but the presence of gopher tortoises does not always equate to the presence of A. tuberculatum, with only 23% of gopher tortoise populations infested with A. tuberculatum in one study, suggesting a more restricted distribution for the tick than that of its host. In a 2011 study, A. tuberculatum was found only at sites with a mean sand depth of >100 cm and a mean percentage of topsoil and burrow apron sand composition >94.0% and >92.4%, respectively, indicating that environmental factors, not just host range, influence the distribution of A. tuberculatum.
References
tuberculatum
Animals described in 1894
Arachnids of North America
Oberzissen is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
David or Dave Osborne may refer to:
David Osborne (politician) (born 1964), American politician; Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives
David E. Osborne (born 1951), American author and former Al Gore advisor
David Osborne (cricketer) (1879–1954), English cricketer
Super Dave Osborne, a character created and played by comedian Bob Einstein
See also
David L. Osborn, American diplomat
Dave Osborn, American football player
David Osbourne, a character on the Irish soap opera Fair City, portrayed by Matt Fraser
Aleksandr Alekseevich Khvostov (; 8 January 1857 – 23 November 1921) was an Imperial Russian politician.
After graduating from the Imperial Alexander Lyceum, he entered the Ministry of Justice.
He served as Minister of Justice from July 19, 1915, to July 22, 1916, and was responsible for the trial of Vladimir Sukhomlinov. He became Minister of Interior from July 22, 1916, to September 29, 1916 (New Style).
He was (and became known as) the uncle of Alexei Khvostov.
References
Sources
Out of My Past: The Memoirs of Count Kokovtsov Edited by H.H. Fisher and translated by Laura Matveev; Stanford University Press, 1935.
The Memoirs of Count Witte Edited and translated by Sydney Harcave; Sharpe Press, 1990.
1857 births
1922 deaths
Russian monarchists
Interior ministers of Russia
Members of the State Council (Russian Empire)
Aleksandr
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1986 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and Torpedo won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
This is a list of notable people from or associated with Lucknow, India.
Academics, education and science
S. P. Chakravarti, father of Electronics and Telecommunications engineering education in India.
Dalip Kumar Upreti, Indian Lichenologist
Salman Akhtar, psychoanalyst
Herbert V. Günther, professor of philosophy
Mukesh Haikerwal, general practitioner and former federal president of the Australian Medical Association, Companion of the Order of Australia since 2011.
Asma Hussain, UP's first fashion designer; Head of Asma Hussain Institute of Fashion Technology, Lucknow
Kailas Nath Kaul, botanist and agricultural scientist
Gopal Khanna, 5th Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, United States Department of Health and Human Services
Veena Talwar Oldenburg, professor of history
Anil K. Rajvanshi, rural development expert Padma Shri 2022.
Kalbe Sadiq, educationist
Hashima Hasan, she is the James Webb Space Telescope Deputy Program Scientist and the Education and Public Outreach Lead for Astrophysics.
Arts and culture
Jan Nisar Akhtar, poet and lyricist, father of Javed Akhtar
Muzaffar Ali, filmmaker
Naushad Ali, film musician
Amitabh Bhattacharya, Bollywood singer and lyricist
Nivedita Bhattacharya, theatre and television actress
Ranveer Brar, chef, television host
Pali Chandra, Kathak dancer
Anup Jalota, Indian classical singer and musician
Hashim Akhtar Naqvi, Indian calligrapher
Cliff Richard, British singer and musician, now settled in Portugal and Barbados
Mohammad Shakeel, contemporary artist
Kavi Pradeep, Poet and lyricist. Famous for writing patriotic songs
Actors and singers
Disha Patani, actress
Urfi Javed, actress
Aahana Kumra, actress
Talat Mahmood, singer
Sumona Chakravarti, actress
Tia Bajpai, singer and actress
Ali Fazal, actor
Amit Mishra, Singer
Kanika Kapoor, singer
Shantanu Moitra, music composer
Gayatri Iyer, singer
Baba Sehgal, singer
Aditi Sharma, actress
Kushal Tandon, actor
Richa Panai, actress
Zoya Afroz, actress, Miss India
Anaika Soti, actress
Nandini Singh, actress
Amrapali Gupta, actress
Surendra Pal, actor
Kumar Gaurav, actor
Arti Singh, actress
Gungun Uprari, actress
Cliff Richard, singer
Amit Sadh, actor
Anil Rastogi, actor
Malini Awasthi, singer
Roshan Abbas, TV anchor
Javed Akhtar, writer
Vartika Singh, actress, Miss India
Activists
Sehba Hussain, activist, former member of National Advisory Council
Runa Banerjee, social worker and co-founder of the Self Employed Women's Association (SEWA)
Poets, authors and journalists
Mir Babar Ali Anis, Marsiya writer (poet)
Iftikhar Arif, poet
Brij Narayan Chakbast, poet
Mirza Dabeer, Marsiya writer (poet)
Altaf Fatima, novelist
Rosie Llewellyn-Jones, Lucknow historian
Majaz, poet
Josh Malihabadi, poet
Vinod Mehta, journalist
Mir Taqi Mir, poet
Amaresh Misra, historian and author
Maulana Hasrat Mohani, poet
Syed Sulaiman Nadvi, Islamic historian
Syed Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi, Islamic scholar and writer
Amritlal Nagar, novelist
Suryakumar Pandey, poet
Manikonda Chalapathi Rau, journalist
Mirza Hadi Ruswa, poet
Ratan Nath Dhar Sarshar, novelist
K.P. Saxena, poet
Abdul Halim Sharar, Lucknow historian
Gaura Pant Shivani, writer
Sri Lal Sukla. novelist
Shaukat Siddiqui, novelist
Srijan Pal Singh, author and advisor to A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Bhagwati Charan Verma, writer
Yashpal, novelist, freedom fighter
Mohsin Zaidi, poet
Masroor Jahan, novelist and short-story writer
Zameer Akhtar Naqvi poet
yogesh praveen historian and author
Business and professionals
Agha Hasan Abedi, Pakistani banker and philanthropist
Manoj Bhargava, US-based entrepreneur; founder and CEO of 5-Hour Energy Drink
Ved Rattan Mohan, MD of Mohan Meakin
Prashant Pathak, Canadian investor and entrepreneur
Rajesh Gopinathan, MD and CEO of Tata Consultancy Services
Subrata Roy, businessman; worker director of Sahara India Pariwar, the world's largest employer
Syed Safawi, entrepreneur
Military
John Alexander, soldier
John Coleman, soldier
Edward Hilton, soldier
William Stephen Raikes Hodson, British officer
Henry Montgomery Lawrence, soldier
Claude Martin, French major general who fought for the British; established La Martiniere Schools at Lucknow, Lyons and Calcutta
Sir James Outram, 1st Baronet, British general
Manoj Kumar Pandey, 1st battalion, 11 Gorkha Rifles, Param Vir Chakra
Arthur Skey, Royal Navy rear-admiral
Politics
Intezar Abidi, politician
K. C. Singh Baba, Parliament
Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna former Chief Minister of UP
Mirza Hameedullah Beg, former Chief Justice of India
Shuja-ud-Daula, Nawab of Oudh
Sandeep Dikshit, Parliament
Asaf-Ud-Dowlah, Nawab of Oudh
Chandra Bhanu Gupta Three times Chief Minister of UP.
Amir Haider, Senior Congress Leader
Mohammad Haleem, former Chief Justice of Pakistan
Mohammad Hidayatullah, former acting President of India (1969–1969); former vice-president of India (1979–1984); 11th Chief justice of India (1968–1970)
Sheila Kaul, former Union Cabinet Minister in India
Rajkumari Amrit Kaur, former Minister of Health
Begum Hazrat Mahal, Queen of Oudh
Satish Mishra, lawyer
Brajesh Pathak, politician
Ashok Kumar Rawat, politician
Mohammad Yunus Saleem, lawyer
Sayed, Nawab of Oudh
Wajid Ali Shah, Nawab of Oudh
Shankar Dayal Sharma, former President of India
Kirti Vardhan Singh, Parliament
Kaushal Kishore, Indian Politician
Sarvraj Singh, politician
Atal Bihari Vajpayee, former Prime Minister of India
Anne Warner, Australian politician
Sports
Afaq Hussain, cricketer
Shahid Mahmood, cricketer
Ravinder Pal Singh, hockey
Apoorva Sengupta, cricketer
Rinku Singh, professional wrestler signed with WWE's development territory NXT
Suresh Raina, cricketer
Arthur Skey, cricketer
References
People
Lucknow
Lucknow
Vernon Green (May 1, 1937 – December 24, 2000) was the American leader of the rhythm and blues band The Medallions. He wrote the 1954 song "The Letter", which contained the nonsense lyric "the puppetuse of love." According to an interview with Green, puppetutes was "A term I coined to mean a secret paper-doll fantasy figure [thus puppet], who would be my everything and bear my children."
Green died on December 24, 2000, in Los Angeles, California, from complications of a stroke he suffered earlier that year.
References
External links
Soul and R&B Heaven
2000 deaths
American rhythm and blues musicians
Specialty Records artists
1937 births
20th-century American musicians
Phyllis Harrison-Ross (August 14, 1936 – January 16, 2017) was an American psychiatrist who pioneered programs for developmentally disabled and mentally ill children.
Early life and education
She received a B.S. from Albion College in 1956 and an M.D. from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 1959. She completed a fellowship at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine from 1964 to 1966.
Career
She instructed at several institutions including Cornell Medical School and New York Medical College. She sat on the Medical Review Board of the New York State Commission of Corrections several times and became the chair in 2008. She served as director and chief of psychiatry at Metropolitan Hospital Community Health Center. She was a member of the American Psychiatric Association and Black Psychiatrists of America, and was president of the latter from 1976 to 1978.
She was the first in her field to start programs for children with developmental disabilities and mental illnesses. Her programs were implemented in public schools and reduced the institutionalization of children. She also studied the effects of poverty on children and treated children for phobias. In the 1970s, she hosted a talk show and co-hosted a radio show that educated parents. After 9/11, the World Trade Center attack, and Hurricane Katrina, she helped victims recover from disaster-induced mental illness.
She received the Leadership in Medicine Award of the Susan Smith McKinney Stewart Society in 1978, the Award of Merit of the Public Health Association of New York City in 1980, and the Solomon Carter Fuller Award of the American Psychiatric Association in 2004.
Death
Harrison-Ross died of lung cancer on January 16, 2017.
References
External links
Interview with Phyllis Harrison-Ross
1936 births
2017 deaths
American psychiatrists
American women psychiatrists
American women physicians
Wayne State University School of Medicine alumni
Albion College alumni
Deaths from lung cancer
Weill Medical College of Cornell University faculty
American women academics
21st-century American women
A campaign began in 2017 when Birmingham won its bid to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
Emblem
The official emblem was unveiled on 27 July 2019 in Centenary Square, Birmingham, by the Birmingham Organising Committee for the 2022 Commonwealth Games (BOCCG) as part of the Commonwealth Social Festival to commemorate Three Years To Go. The emblem is a jagged, triangular "B" shape formed by blue-yellow gradient lines representing the key venues of the Games in the West Midlands. It was designed by local agency RBL, based in Royal Leamington Spa. This insignia is also the first to use the Commonwealth Games Federation's (CGF) new branding, "Commonwealth Sport". Locals in the city and on social media have mostly reacted positively to it and some compared it to the emblem for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Sponsors
Partners
Longines, a Swiss watchmaker, agreed to be the official partner and timekeeper for the next three editions of the Games, beginning in Birmingham in 2022. The news was made on Commonwealth Day, 9 March 2020, when the CGF, in collaboration with Longines and BOCCG, unveiled the Games's countdown clock in Centenary Square.
On 23 September 2020, BOCCG announced the University of Birmingham as the games' second official partner. The university provided venues and accommodation for the athletes during the events. The agreement also confirmed the university as the official partner of the international leg of the Games's Queen's Baton Relay.
On 9 March 2022, E.ON was unveiled as the third partner.
References
2022 Commonwealth Games
The 1969 Canadian-American Challenge Cup was the fourth season of the Can-Am auto racing series. It consisted of FIA Group 7 racing cars running two-hour sprint events. It began June 1, 1969, and ended November 9, 1969, after eleven rounds.
This was the first season of Can-Am following the demise of the similar United States Road Racing Championship. With several USRRC events choosing to continue on under Can-Am, the series schedule was greatly expanded beyond its normal six event seasons. This also meant that the season was run over a greater period of time, rather than just being run in the autumn.
The season was swept by McLaren, whose founder Bruce McLaren won the championship over teammate and fellow New Zealander Denny Hulme. McLaren won six races to Hulme's five, winning the championship by a mere five points.
Schedule
Season results
Drivers Championship
Points are awarded to the top ten finishers in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1. Only the best nine finishes out of eleven rounds counted towards the championship. Points earned but not counting towards the championship are marked by parenthesis.
References
Can-Am seasons
Can-Am
Amos Townsend (1821March 17, 1895) was an American politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1877 to 1883.
Biography
Born in Brownsville, Pennsylvania, Townsend attended the common schools of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and clerked in a store in Pittsburgh. He moved to Mansfield, Ohio, in 1839 and engaged in mercantile pursuits. He served as the United States marshal during the Kansas troubles. He moved to Cleveland, Ohio, in 1858 and engaged in the wholesale grocery business. He served as member of the Cleveland City Council 1866–1876, serving as president for seven years. He served as member of the State constitutional convention in 1873.
Townsend was elected as a Republican to the Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1877 – March 3, 1883). He served as chairman of the Committee on Railways and Canals (Forty-seventh Congress). He declined renomination. He served as member of a wholesale foodpacking firm. He died while on a visit to St. Augustine, Florida, March 17, 1895. He was interred in Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland, Ohio.
Sources
1821 births
1895 deaths
United States Marshals
People from Brownsville, Pennsylvania
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Cleveland City Council members
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1873)
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Kaki Klon Suphap () is Thai narrative poem in the form of klon suphap, written by Chaophraya Phra Khlang (Hon) during the reign of King Rama I (1782–1809). It is based on the Kakati Jataka from the Pali Canon, and tells the tale of Nang Kaki (Lady Kaki), a stunningly beautiful palace consort who through coincidences and misfortune, ends up having to consort with various different male characters. In modern Thai slang, the term kaki (กากี) carries negative connotations, and is used as a derogatory term to describe a promiscuous woman who has relations with many men, despite the character of Kaki being unwillingly coerced, blackmailed or forced into having sexual relations with the various male characters throughout the folk tale.
Plot Synopsis
Thao Phromatat (Lord Phromatat) is the ruler of the city-state of Nakhon Paranasri, who despite his advanced age has a stunningly beautiful young royal consort known as Nang Kaki (Lady Kaki), whom he deeply loves and is greatly possessive of, forbidding anyone, even the palace courtiers, noblemen or even his closest male friends from seeing, or even being in her presence, save for very few exceptions. One of the few males allowed to be in the presence of Kaki is “Nadhkuvaen”, a khondhan, or demigod half-man half-angel who is very attractive and very skilled in the musical fields and poetry, and a favourite court musician of Thao Phromatat, often playing calming lullabies when he indulges in his favourite sport of saka (an ancient Thai sport similar to modern-day polo, but in folk tales and chronologies often depicted with magical flying horses). Aside from his close relatives, Thao Phromatat also plays saka with a close friend, a mysterious figure extremely skilled in the sport known as Vaenadhrai, who actually is a garuda in disguise, and lives at a distant palace called Chimbhli, situated on Mount Meru, unreachable by most mere mortals. Vaenadhrai takes the appearance of a muscular, attractive man, who refuses to tell Thao Phromatat where he comes from, but always arrives to play saka with him on a standard basis before leaving.
After hearing rumours of Vaenadhrai's perfect figure from the other ladies of the court, Kaki secretly watches him, both accidentally making eye contact at that second, and are mutually excited by each other's attractive figures, causing Vaenadhrai to formulate a plot to kidnap Kaki and take her from Thao Phromatat. He achieves this by transforming himself back into his fully-fledged garuda figure and blocks the sunlight and creates a great storm, causing those within the city of Nakhon Paranasri to panic. In the confusion, he snatches away Kaki and brings her to his Chimbhli Palace, where they engage in an affair, continuing to disguise himself as an attractive man while in the walls of the Chimbhli residence. Kaki's inexplicable disappearance causes great distress to Thao Phromatat. Nadhkuvaen, who is secretly in love with Kaki volunteers to find her. He deeply suspects Vaenadhrai, as on the day when the garuda made eye contact with Kaki, Naedhkuvaen himself was secretly watching, and later notices Vaenadhrai's irregular behaviour during the usual game of saka, and uses his demigod powers to transform himself into a flea, attaching himself to Vaenadhrai when he flies back to Chimbhli. He finds Kaki there, and coerces her into having sexual relations with him, threatening to expose her affair with Vaenadhrai to Thao Phromatat if she refuses. He returns to Nakhon Paranasri, and during the next scheduled game of saka, creates a poem with explicit details about Kaki, angering Vaenadhrai immensely. The garuda returns to Chimbhli and confronts Kaki about it, and, refusing to listen to her, returns her shamed and publicly humiliated to Thao Phromatat. Despite still loving her, the elderly king follows court protocol and punishes her by leaving her on a raft that is set afloat into the ocean without supplies.
After being stranded for days on the raft, and nearly dying, Kaki is rescued by a merchant who is dumbfounded by her beauty and marries her instantly. Shortly thereafter, the merchant's ship is attacked by pirates, with the pirate leader forcefully taking Kaki as his wife, before the entire pirate crew mutiny and slaughter themselves while fighting over Kaki once they dock. She manages to escape, and is rescued by an elderly ruler, 'Thao Dosavong, the widower ruler of another city-state, Paisali. He takes her as his queen, with Kaki refusing to tell him where she came from in fear that he would be disgusted by her and evict her from his city should he find out the truth. While Dosavong is senile and far too elderly compared to the other men in Kaki's life, he views her with affection and keeps her at his court.
Meanwhile, since having left Kaki to die in the ocean, Thao Phromatat is greatly depressed, and eventually passes away without a legitimate successor. The people of Nakhon Paranasri choose the popular Nadhkuvaen to be their next ruler. Nadhkuvaen still loves Kaki, and when he finds out that she is the queen of Paisali, he immediately has a royal ambassador demand Kaki's return from Paisali. When the city-state refuses to comply, he raises the Paranasri armies and sacks Paisali, taking back Kaki, and crowns her his queen.
See also
Ka Kee, 1980 film adaptation
Neang Kakey, Khmer version
References
Thai poems
The Apostolic Nunciature to the Gambia is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in the Gambia. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Liberia.
List of papal representatives to Gambia
Apostolic Pro-Nuncios
Johannes Dyba (25 August 1979 - 1 June 1983)
Romeo Panciroli (6 November 1984 - 18 March 1992)
Luigi Travaglino (7 November 1992 - 2 May 1995)
Apostolic Nuncios
Antonio Lucibello (8 September 1995 - 27 July 1999)
Alberto Bottari de Castello (18 December 1999 - 1 April 2005)
George Antonysamy (4 August 2005 - 21 November 2012)
Mirosław Adamczyk (8 June 2013 - 12 August 2017)
Dagoberto Campos Salas (17 August 2018 – 14 May 2022)
References
Gambia
The Gambia–Holy See relations
Michael Head (28 January 190024 August 1976) was a British composer, pianist, organist and singer who left some enduring works still popular today. He was noted for his association with the Royal Academy of Music. His compositional oeuvre mainly consists of songs, as well as choral works and few larger-scale pieces such as a piano concerto.
Life
Michael Dewar Head was born in Eastbourne, England, on 28 January 1900. His father was a barrister and journalist and his mother an accomplished amateur singer and pianist. His mother's influence evidently dominated, and at age 10 he commenced his musical training, taking lessons in piano with Jean Adair and in singing with Fritz Marston at the Adair-Marston School of Music. He was educated at Monkton Combe School in Somerset.
He began to study at the Royal Academy of Music but was soon called up for service in the War. While working at an ammunition factory, he composed the song cycle Over the rim of the moon (Head et al., 1920). This was to become his first published work.
After the war, Head resumed his studies at the Academy. He studied composition with Frederick Corder, piano with T B Knott and organ with Reginald Steggall. He won a scholarship for composition. He also won other awards for composition, sight singing and harmony. In 1924, Head was made an Associate of the Academy. Two years later, he took up a post at Bedales School, Petersfield, where he taught for three years.
Head gave his first public recital as a self accompanied singer at Wigmore Hall in 1929. After this debut performance, his fame grew rapidly. He gave several more recitals in the British Isles and in many parts of the world. Additionally he gave several radio recitals, both in Britain and Canada. He took up the post of Pianoforte Professor at the Royal Academy in 1927 after an invitation by Sir John McEwen. This post he was to hold until his retirement in 1975.
Head was appointed an examiner for the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music and as such toured many countries, including Barbados, South Africa and Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe). At the outbreak of World War II, he returned to London and continued teaching throughout the blitz. During this time, he gave hundreds of concerts in factories and in small towns.
Head died in Cape Town on 24 August 1976, from a sudden and unexpected illness, while examining for the Associated Board in Rhodesia and South Africa.
Works
Most of Head's works are songs. However, his early works include a piano concerto, a tone poem, and scherzo for orchestra. His best known song cycles are Over the Rim of the Moon (1918–19) and Songs of the Countryside (1921–23). The first of these contains probably his most famous song, "The Ships of Arcady". All the texts in this song cycle were by the Irish war poet Francis Ledwidge, who was killed in action during World War I on 31 July 1917. Songs of the Countryside uses poems by various poets. The first song, "Sweet Chance, That Led My Steps Abroad" was at setting of W. H. Davies's 1914 poem "A Great Time". "The Piper" is a setting of Seumas O'Sullivan's famous poem of the same name. One of his popular songs is the Christmas carol The Little Road to Bethlehem, the words of which are by Margaret Rose. Other famous songs include "Money, O!" and "Why have you stolen my delight?" (see Bush, 1982).
References
External links
Listing of songs and choral settings by Michael Head on LiederNet
Hyperion-records.co.uk
The Little Road to Bethlehem
West coast concert series
Lammas Records
Lyrics for Ships of Arcady
1900 births
1976 deaths
People from Eastbourne
British classical pianists
British male pianists
British male organists
People educated at Monkton Combe School
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
20th-century English singers
20th-century British pianists
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century British composers
20th-century organists
20th-century British male singers
The Uniform Trade Secrets Act (UTSA), published by the Uniform Law Commission (ULC) in 1979 and amended in 1985, is a Uniform Act promulgated for adoption by states in the United States. One goal of the UTSA is to make the state laws governing trade secrets uniform, which is especially important for companies that operate in more than one state. Historically, the law governing misappropriation of trade secrets developed separately in each state.
Of course, achieving the goal of uniformity depends upon the number of states that choose to adopt it. , the UTSA has been enacted by 48 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. As with other Uniform Acts, some states have modified language in their version of the statute.
Motivation
A prefatory note to the UTSA states some original motivations for the act:
The UTSA made note of the commercial value and competitive advantages inherent in trade secrets. Unlike patent protection, which was addressed at the federal level, trade secret misappropriation was addressed at the state level.
In the United States there existed a prevalence of interstate commercial transactions that extended beyond the jurisdiction of individual state legislation. For example, goods may have been manufactured in State A, warehoused in State B, sold from State C, and delivered in State D.
As a result, the UTSA sought to alleviate the uneven development and "uncertainty concerning the parameters of trade secret protection" by recommending a uniform trade secret law and, at the same time, allowing the states the flexibility to meet local circumstances by modifying the text as enacted in each state.
In addition to providing some recourse for any uncertainty associated with a patent, the UTSA also serves to codify the common law remedies that have emerged in many states. These remedies are based on legal precedent set by previous cases, and therefore allow for greater uncertainty, particularly in less industrial states where there have been fewer trade secret cases.
The UTSA notes that any confusion caused by having strictly common law remedies to trade secret misappropriation was exacerbated by omitting trade secret rules from the second edition of the Restatement of Torts.
Overview
The UTSA contained a prefatory note followed by 12 sections of proposed law. Each section was followed by a "comments" section that provided clarifications and examples as to the intent of the law. Section 1 presented definitions of key terms as they are used throughout the act. Sections 2–4 provided remedies for potential wrongs committed in violation of the act, including injunctive relief, damages and attorney's fees. Sections 5–12 made additional provisions related to the implementation of the law, and the relationship to other laws.
Key definitions
The UTSA provided several definitions of terms as they are used throughout the act. Some of these definitions are replicated here for the benefit of the reader.
Although not included in the definition itself, the original text of the UTSA provided clarification regarding the definition of proper and improper means. The comments refined the definition by listing several proper means of discovery, including discovery by independent invention, reverse engineering, licensing arrangement, and published literature. The comments also clarified that improper means included actions that were, "improper under the circumstances; e.g., an airplane overflight used as aerial reconnaissance to determine the competitor's plant layout during construction of the plant".
The UTSA noted that the types of accidents or mistakes that would lead to use of a learned trade secret being misappropriated did not include actions or mistakes that "constitute a failure of efforts that are reasonable under circumstances to maintain its [the trade secret's] secrecy".
The UTSA also provided refinement through comments to the definition of a trade secret itself:
Multiple parties may hold rights to the same trade secret, as they may all individually derive value from it.
A trade secret ceases to exist when it is common knowledge within the community in which it is profitable. This means that the secret does not need to be known by the general public, but only throughout the industry that stands to profit from it.
A party that reverse engineers a trade secret may also obtain trade secret protection for their knowledge, provided the reverse engineering process is non-trivial.
Knowledge preventing loss of funds, such as that a particular idea does not work, is valuable and as such qualifies for trade secret protection.
Regarding reasonable efforts to maintain secrecy, the UTSA maintained that actions such as restricting access to a "need-to-know basis" and informing employees that the information is secret met the criteria for reasonable efforts. The UTSA stated that the courts do not require procedures to protect against "flagrant industrial espionage" were not necessary.
Remedies
The UTSA provided for several potential remedies for wrongs committed under the act, including injunctive relief, damages, and attorney's fees.
Injunctive relief
Section 2 of the UTSA provided for injunctive relief from trade secret misappropriation. Section 2(a) stipulated, "Actual or threatened misappropriation may be enjoined". However, the length of the injunction was limited to the length of time the trade secret exists (i.e., remains unknown to some party who could profit from knowing the secret) plus sufficient time to eliminate any competitive advantage that could have been obtained by misappropriation of the trade secret.
In addition to the possible enjoinment described in section 2(a), section 2(b) allowed for the payment of reasonable royalties in place of an injunction under exceptional circumstances. The UTSA, in the comments for section 2, referenced a court case in which a misappropriated trade secret was used to build military technology for use during the Vietnam War. As an injunction may have prevented necessary equipment from reaching U.S. armed forces, the judge ordered that the misappropriator pay an appropriate royalty to the trade secret owner rather than imposing an injunction.
Damages
In addition to injunctive relief offered under the UTSA, parties may also receive damages. Section 3(a) states that, "Damages can include both the actual loss caused by misappropriation and the unjust enrichment caused by misappropriation that is not taken into account in computing actual loss". Furthermore, the act stated in section 3(b) that if misappropriation is, "willful and malicious" the court may award damages up to twice what would otherwise be entitled under section 3(a). Restrictions similar to those imposed on the duration of injunctive relief are imposed on the duration of damages as well.
Attorney's fees
Section 4 of the UTSA stipulated that the court may award attorney's fees to the prevailing party for actions made in "bad faith or willful and malicious misappropriation".
Other provisions
Section 5 provided for the "preservation of secrecy"; namely that a court should take reasonable means to protect a trade secret during any legal action concerning the trade secret. These secretive measures can include sealing records and gag orders.
Section 6 provided a statute of limitations, requiring that any action under the UTSA must be "brought within 3 years after the misappropriation is discovered or by the exercise of reasonable diligence should have been discovered".
Section 7 stated that the UTSA superseded any existing "... tort, restitutionary, and other law of this State providing civil remedies for misappropriation of a trade secret". The section also made clear that the UTSA did not affect (1) contractual remedies, (2) civil remedies not based on trade secret misappropriation, or (3) criminal remedies, which may otherwise be of use to the aggrieved party.
Section 8 stated the goal of making trade secret law uniform among states enacting the UTSA.
Section 9 provided a short title to refer to the act and section 10 described the severability of the act.
Sections 11 and 12 provided a date when the act took effect and the opportunity to explicitly list other acts to be repealed.
Adoption by U.S. states
, the UTSA has been adopted by all states except New York and North Carolina (but its law is very similar and seems to borrow heavily from the act ). On May 2, 2013, Texas enacted Senate Bill 953, becoming the 47th state to adopt the UTSA. The Texas statute took effect on September 1, 2013.
Massachusetts adopted the Uniform Trade Secrets Act effective October 1, 2018.
The UTSA has also been adopted in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. States are not required to pass the act exactly as is, and some have made amendments.
Notable cases
The following cases have directly referenced the UTSA:
Rivendell Forest Prods. v. Georgia-Pacific Corp. (10th Cir. 1994)
Comprehensive Techs. Int'l v. Software Artisans, Inc. (4th Cir. 1993)
DVD Copy Control Association v. Bunner (Cal. App. 1994)
Ajaxo v. E*Trade Financial Corp. (Cal. App. 2010)
Silvaco Data Systems v. Intel Corp. (Cal. App. 2010)
R.C. Olmstead, Inc. v. CU Interface (N.D. Ohio 2009)
Justmed v. Byce (9th Cir. 2010)
Decision Insights, Inc. v. Sentia Group, Inc. (4th Cir. 2011)
Cypress Semiconductor Corp. v. Superior Court (Cal. App. 2008)
NCR v. Warner (S.D. Ohio 2008)
Othentec v. Phelan (4th Cir. 2008)
Southern Nuclear Operating Co. v. Elec. Data Sys. Corp. (11th Cir. 2008)
International application
Trade secret law varies more from country to country.
The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) has provisions providing for uniform minimum standards for protecting trade secrets.
Trade Secrets in Europe are dealt with on a country-by-country basis. In England and Wales, trade secret protection is predicated upon the common law concept of "breach of confidence"—i.e., regardless of the existence of a contract, those who obtain the trade secret in confidence shall not take unfair advantage of it without consent.
Germany's Act Against Unfair Competition states, "any person who, in the course of business activity for purposes of competition, commits acts contrary to honest practices" and hold violators responsible for damages.
See also
Defend Trade Secrets Act
Economic Espionage Act of 1996
Glossary of legal terms in technology
Biswamohan Pani, charged in 2008 with stealing $1 billion worth of trade secrets from Intel
Data General Corp. v. Digital Computer Controls, Inc. addressing secrecy given widespread disclosure
Non-disclosure agreement
PhoneDog v. Kravitz addressing whether social media accounts could constitute trade secrets
Trade secret
The Case for a Federal Trade Secrets Act
Ajaxo Inc. v. E*Trade Financial Corp.
References
External links
United States intellectual property law
Secrecy
Trade secrets
Trade secrets
The 1899 Carrabelle hurricane caused significant damage in the Dominican Republic and the Florida Panhandle. The second tropical cyclone and second hurricane of the 1899 Atlantic hurricane season, the storm was first observed south of the Dominican Republic on July 28, 1899. Shortly thereafter, it made landfall in Azua Province, Dominican Republic with an intensity equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. Early on July 29, the system weakened to a tropical storm, shortly before emerging into the Atlantic Ocean. It then moved west-northwestward and remained at the same intensity for the next 24 hours. The storm made landfall near Islamorada, Florida on July 30. It then brushed Southwest Florida before emerging into the Gulf of Mexico. The storm began to re-intensify on July 31 and became a hurricane later that day. Early on August 1, it peaked with winds of 100 mph (155 km/h), several hours before making landfall near Apalachicola, Florida at the same intensity. The storm quickly weakened inland and dissipated over Alabama on August 2.
In the Dominican Republic, three large schooners were wrecked at Santo Domingo; only one crew member on the three vessels survived. "Great" damage was reported along coastal sections of the country while a loss of telegraph service impacted most interior areas. In Florida, damage in the city of Carrabelle was extensive, where only nine houses remained. Losses in the city reached approximately $100,000 (1899 USD). At least 57 shipping vessels were destroyed; damage from these ships collectively totaled about $375,000. Additionally, 13 lumber vessels were beached. Many boats at the harbor and the wharfs in Lanark were wrecked; large portions of stores and pavilions in the city were damaged. The towns of Curtis Mill and McIntyre were completely destroyed, while the resort city of St. Teresa suffered significant damage. Overall, seven deaths were confirmed in Florida and losses in the state reached at least $1 million.
Meteorological history
A "violent hurricane" was first observed near the south coast of Hispaniola at 1200 UTC on July 27. Within the next six hours, the storm made landfall in Azua Province, Dominican Republic with winds of 80 mph (130 km/h) – equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. Early on July 28, it weakened to tropical storm while moving northwestward across northern Haiti. A few hours later, the storm emerged into the Atlantic near Port-de-Paix. The system maintained intensity for over 24 hours as it moved northwestward and parallel to the north coast of Cuba. At 1000 UTC on July 30, the storm made landfall in Islamorada, Florida on Upper Matecumbe Key with winds of 45 mph (75 km/h). It weakened slightly and then moved just offshore or struck the mainland portion of Monroe County, Florida. Early on July 31, the storm began to re-strengthen while entering the eastern Gulf of Mexico.
HURDAT – the North Atlantic hurricane database – indicated that the system re-intensified into a hurricane at 1200 UTC on July 31. Further deepening occurred, with the storm becoming a Category 2 hurricane early on August 1. Later that day, the hurricane made landfall between Carrabelle and Eastpoint, Florida with winds of 100 mph (155 km/h). Reports at landfall indicate that the storm was small, spanning a diameter of only . At 1800 UTC on August 1 – about an hour after it moved inland – a weather station measured the storm's minimum barometric pressure of . Early on August 2, it weakened to a tropical storm and then a tropical depression several hours later. Shortly thereafter, it's dissipating over southern Alabama.
Impact
News reports indicate that a "violent" hurricane struck the Dominican Republic on July 28. Three large schooners were wrecked at Santo Domingo; only one crew member on the three vessels survived. "Great" damage was reported along coastal sections of the country, while a loss of telegraph service impacted most interior areas.
Due to "somewhat threatening" weather conditions on July 30 and July 31, advisories were issued to stations across Florida, warning of the potential for strong winds. As a result, 40 vessels, coasting schooners, and spongers remained at port in Cedar Key. According to the displayman at Cedar Key, "they [the ships and sailors] would have sailed and some would have been lost" had they not received warnings.
At the time of the storm, it was described as "the most disastrous cyclone that ever visited this section of Florida". Losses from the storm in Florida reached at least $1 million. The city of Carrabelle was devastated as only nine houses in the city remained. According to the mayor, about 200 families were left homeless. The New York Times stated that, "Carrabelle is literally wiped from the map." Losses in the city reached approximately $100,000. One fatality occurred in Carrabelle when a house collapsed on a woman; numerous other people in the area sustained injuries. At least 57 shipping vessels were destroyed, including 14 barques, 40 small boats, and 3 pilot boats. Losses for these ships collectively totaled about $375,000. At the Chattahoochee, then known as River Junction, a mass meeting of citizens was held on August 4 to collect money for the victims of the storm in Carrabelle.
Additionally, 13 lumber vessels were beached. A 30-mile (48 km) portion of the Carrabelle, Tallahassee and Georgia Railroad was washed away. A passenger train was blown over 100 yards from the track, injuring many passengers. Many boats at the harbor and the wharfs in Lanark were wrecked. The local summer resort of Lanark Inn was blown into the Gulf of Mexico. Large portions of stores and pavilions in the city were damaged. At McIntyre, virtually the entire town was destroyed, except for only two mill boilers. The city of Curtis Mill was completely destroyed. Additionally, the resort city of St. Teresa suffered significant damage. A total of fifteen ships either destroyed or beached at Dog Island, including the Benjamin C. Cromwell and James A. Garfield. At least 15 people were reported missing. Six drowning deaths were confirmed in association with this storm.
See also
Hurricane David
Hurricane Erin (1995)
Hurricane Isaac (2012)
List of Florida hurricanes (pre-1900)
Notes
References
External links
Books by Jose' Fernandez Partagas
Monthly Weather Review
1890s Atlantic hurricane seasons
Category 2 Atlantic hurricanes
Hurricanes in Florida
1899 natural disasters in the United States
1899 in Florida
1899 in the Dominican Republic
1899 meteorology
Kane County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 515,269, making it the fifth-most populous county in Illinois. Its county seat is Geneva, and its largest city is Aurora. Kane County is one of the collar counties of the metropolitan statistical area designated "Chicago–Naperville–Elgin, IL–IN–WI" by the US Census.
History
Kane County was formed out of LaSalle County in 1836. The county was named in honor of Elias Kane, United States Senator from Illinois, and the first Secretary of State of Illinois.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county's area was , of which is land and (0.8%) is water. Its largest cities are along the Fox River.
Climate
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Geneva have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. The average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July.
Adjacent counties
McHenry County (north)
Cook County (east)
DuPage County (east)
Will County (southeast)
Kendall County (south)
DeKalb County (west)
Parks and recreation
Fox River Trail
Great Western Trail
Illinois Prairie Path
James "Pate" Philip State Park
Forest preserves
Kane County has an extensive forest preserve program, with numerous nature preserves, historic sites, and trails.
Almon Underwood Prairie
Andersen Woods
Arlene Shoemaker
Aurora West
Barnes
Big Rock Forest Preserve & Campground
Binnie Forest Preserve
Blackberry Maples
Bliss Woods
Bolcum Road Wetlands
Bowes Creek Greenway Forest Preserve
Bowes Creek Woods Forest Preserve
Braeburn Marsh
Brewster Creek Forest Preserve
Brunner Family
Buffalo Park Forest Preserve
Burlington Prairie
Burnidge Forest Preserve/Paul Wolff Campground
Camp Tomo Chi-Chi Knolls
Campton
Cardinal Creek
Culver
Deer Valley Golf Course
Dick Young
Eagles Forest Preserve
Edgewater Greenway Forest Preserve
Elburn Forest Preserve
Elgin Shores
Fabyan
Ferson Creek
Fitchie Creek
Fox River Bluff East & Fox River Bluff West
Fox River Forested Fen Forest Preserve
Fox River Shores
Freeman Kame – Meagher
Glenwood Park Forest Preserve
Grunwald Farms
Gunnar Anderson
Hampshire Forest Preserve
Hampshire South Forest Preserve
Hannaford Woods/Nickels Farm
Helm Woods
Hoscheit Woods Forest Preserve
Hughes Creek Golf Club
Jack E. Cook Park & Forest Preserve
Jelkes Creek
Johnson's Mound
Jon J. Duerr
Kenyon Farm
Lake Run Forest Preserve
LeRoy Oakes
Les Arends
Lone Grove Forest Preserve
McLean Fen Forest Preserve
Meissner Prairie – Corron
Mill Creek
Muirhead Springs
New Haven Park
Oakhurst
Otter Creek
Pingree Grove Forest Preserve
Poplar Creek
Prairie Green
Raceway Woods
Raymond Street
Regole
Rutland Forest Preserve
Sauer Family Prairie Kame
Schweitzer Woods
Settler's Hill
Sleepy Hollow Ravine
Tekakwitha Woods
Tyler Creek Forest Preserve
Virgil Forest Preserve
Voyageur's Landing
Willoughby Farms
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 515,269 people, 170,479 households, and 128,323 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 182,047 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 74.6% white, 5.7% black or African American, 3.5% Asian, 0.6% American Indian, 13.0% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 30.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 24.3% were German, 13.0% were Irish, 7.9% were Polish, 7.4% were Italian, 7.1% were English, and 2.4% were American.
Of the 170,479 households, 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.7% were non-families, and 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.45. The median age was 34.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $67,767 and the median income for a family was $77,998. Males had a median income of $53,833 versus $39,206 for females. The per capita income for the county was $29,480. About 7.0% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.5% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Aurora University
Elgin Community College
Judson University
Waubonsee Community College
Infrastructure
Health care
There are several hospitals serving the county:
Advocate Sherman Hospital, Elgin
Northwestern Medicine Delnor Hospital, Geneva
Presence Mercy Medical Center, Aurora
Presence Saint Joseph Hospital, Elgin
Rush-Copley Medical Center, Aurora
Transportation
Metra
Pace
Airport
Aurora Municipal Airport
Major highways
Kane county has an extensive county highway system that includes federal, state and county maintained routes. During the years that the county was represented by Dennis Hastert it received many federal earmarks for highway improvements to respond to population growth. In addition, the county has entered into an agreement with the Illinois State Toll Highway Authority to operate a limited access toll bridge on the Longmeadow Parkway that is not connected to any other tollway.
Interstate 88
Interstate 90
U.S. Highway 20
U.S. Highway 30
U.S. Highway 34
Illinois Route 19
Illinois Route 25
Illinois Route 31
Illinois Route 38
Illinois Route 47
Illinois Route 56
Illinois Route 58
Illinois Route 62
Illinois Route 64
Illinois Route 68
Illinois Route 72
Illinois Route 110
Kane County Route 17
Randall Road
Communities
Cities
Aurora (mostly)
Batavia (mostly)
Elgin (mostly)
Geneva
St. Charles (mostly)
Yorkville (part)
Villages
Algonquin (part)
Barrington Hills (part)
Bartlett (part)
Big Rock
Burlington
Campton Hills
Carpentersville
East Dundee (mostly)
Elburn
Gilberts
Hampshire
Hoffman Estates (part)
Huntley (part)
Kaneville
Lily Lake
Maple Park (part)
Montgomery (mostly)
North Aurora
Pingree Grove
Sleepy Hollow
South Elgin
Sugar Grove
Virgil
Wayne (part)
West Dundee
Census-designated place
Prestbury
Other unincorporated communities
Allens Corners
Almora
Bald Mound
Bowes
Five Island Park
Freeman
La Fox
Mooseheart
North Plato
Nottingham Woods
Plato Center
Rainbow Hills
Starks
Udina
Valley View
Wasco
Townships
Aurora Township
Batavia Township
Big Rock Township
Blackberry Township
Burlington Township
Campton Township
Dundee Township
Elgin Township
Geneva Township
Hampshire Township
Kaneville Township
Plato Township
Rutland Township
St. Charles Township
Sugar Grove Township
Virgil Township
Politics
Kane County is coterminous with the 16th Judicial Circuit. The 16th Judicial Circuit is divided into four subcircuits. The first subcircuit consists of the majority of Aurora Township. The second subcircuit consists of most of Elgin and Dundee townships. The fourth subcircuit consists the tri-cities area of Batavia, Geneva, and Saint Charles. The third subcircuit consists of all territory not included in the other three subcircuits, which corresponds to an area of roughly the western two thirds of the county.
As one of the Yankee-settled and prosperous suburban “collar counties”, Kane County was a stronghold of the Free Soil Party in its first few elections, being one of nine Illinois counties to give a plurality to Martin van Buren in 1848. Kane County then unsurprisingly became solidly Republican for the century and a half following that party's formation. It voted for the GOP presidential nominee in every election between 1856 and 2004 except that of 1912 when the Republican Party was mortally divided and Progressive Theodore Roosevelt carried the county with a majority of the vote over conservative incumbent William Howard Taft.
The gradual shift of the GOP towards white Southern Evangelicals, however, has led the generally moderate electorate of Kane and the other “collar counties” to trend towards the Democratic Party. In 2008, then-Illinois Senator Barack Obama became the first Democrat to carry Kane County since Franklin Pierce in 1852, and the first ever to win an absolute majority of the county's vote (the previous two Democratic winners, Pierce and James K. Polk in 1844 had both gained only pluralities due to strong Free Soil votes). Obama won a plurality in 2012, and Hillary Clinton improved upon Obama's showing to become the second Democrat to win a majority in 2016. In 2020, Joe Biden had the best performance ever by a Democrat in the county, even besting Obama's 2008 victory.
See also
Dundee Township Park District
Fermilab
Fox River (Illinois River tributary)
Golden Corridor
Illinois Technology and Research Corridor
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kane County, Illinois
Tri-Cities, Illinois
Notable people
Patricia Golden
Frank D. Weir
References
General
External links
Kane County government website
1836 establishments in Illinois
Chicago metropolitan area
Illinois counties
Populated places established in 1836
Jack Armstrong (1884–1963)
was a footballer who played in The Football League for Nottingham Forest between 1905 and 1922.
Armstrong also played cricket for Nottinghamshire Seconds and made 17 appearances in the Minor Counties Championship between 1909 and 1910.
Armstrong came from a sporting family. His brother Thomas Armstrong played cricket for Nottinghamshire and another brother Albert played for Forest Reserves on several occasions.
References
English footballers
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
The Olé Football Academy, commonly referred to as Olé, is a national association football centre based in the suburb of Porirua in Wellington, New Zealand. Considered the premier football academy in New Zealand, Olé are currently represented at the senior level by Central Premier League side Western Suburbs, and have produced a number of New Zealand internationals in both men's and women's football. Founded in 1997 by Dave Wilson and his son, Michael, the academy was directed by Declan Edge from 2012 to 2020. Since 2020 the Technical Director has been Ben Sippola.
Olé Football Academy shares a current partnership with Team Wellington, sending academy prospects to the club to gain top-tier experience in the ISPS Handa Premiership. Prior to this, Olé partnered with ISPS Handa Premiership club Eastern Suburbs for the 2018–19 season, in which Eastern Suburbs won the title for the first time in their history – a success largely attributed to the Olé academy, whose graduates consisted of the majority of the team. Internationally, Olé have formed a partnership with Swedish club Torslanda IK, now coached by Edge; players and coaches are exchanged regularly.
Notable graduates
The academy's two most notable graduates are current PSV Eindhoven midfielder Ryan Thomas and Beşiktaş winger Tyler Boyd. Others listed are either current internationals, or have represented a professional team outside New Zealand following graduation from Olé Football Academy.
References
External links
Olé Football Academy website
1997 establishments in New Zealand
Association football academies
TBBS is an acronym that may refer to
The Bread Board System, a DOS based commercial bulletin board system, or
Total Body Bone Scan, a nuclear diagnostic imaging technique
Tanuku Municipality is the local self government in Tanuku, a Town in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is classified as a first grade municipality.
History
Mullapudi Harischandra Prasad was the first chairman of Tanuku. After So Many Municipal Chairman'S Of Tanuku Was Going Generation. Tanuku Town Municipality.
Last Term Municipal Chairman Was
( Parimi Venkatesulu )
Son/Of ( Parimi Krupavaram)
Administration
The municipality was constituted in 1979 and the urban local body is classified as a first grade municipality. The jurisdictional area of the municipality is spread over an area of , with 34 municipal wards. The present municipal commissioner of the city is Mr.Gorantla Sambasiva Rao and the chairperson is SS REDDY GARU.
Tanuku Municipal Chairman - Ss Reddy Ysrcp
Civic works and services
Tanuku is one of the municipality to be a part of energy conservation project, in coordination with Energy Efficiency Services Limited (EESL), under Union Ministry of Power.
See also
List of municipalities in Andhra Pradesh
References
1979 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Government agencies established in 1979
Municipal Councils in Andhra Pradesh
Kevin G. McAllister is an American businessman, serving as a senior operating officer of AE Industrial Partners LLC since June 2020. He previously served as president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (2016–2019) and president and CEO of GE Aviation (2014–2016).
Education
McAllister received a bachelor's degree from University of Pittsburgh in materials engineering.
Career
McAllister joined GE Aviation in 1989 and held various positions in materials engineering and sales. Before departing for Boeing, McAllister held the role of Chief Executive Officer and President of GE Aviation Services.
In November 2016, McAllister was named as President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, taking the role previously held by Raymond Conner. In October 2019, McAllister was ousted from his position as CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes amid controversy surrounding the Boeing 737 MAX groundings.
In June 2020, McAllister joined AE Industrial Partners as a senior operating partner.
References
Living people
American chief executives
Boeing people
University of Pittsburgh alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Somerset County Cricket Club is one of the 18 member clubs of the English County Championship, representing the historic county of Somerset. The club was established in August 1875 and has played first-class cricket since 1882, List A cricket since 1963, and Twenty20 cricket since 2003. Unlike most professional sports, in which a team usually has a single fixed home ground, county cricket clubs have traditionally used different grounds in various towns and cities within the county for home matches, although the use of minor "out grounds" has diminished since the 1980s. Somerset have played first class, List A, or Twenty20 matches at eighteen different grounds.
Somerset's first home first-class match was against Hampshire in 1882 at the County Ground, Taunton. This ground is the headquarters of the county club, and has hosted more Somerset matches than any other ground. It was originally known as the Taunton Athletic Ground, and featured a cycling/running track around the outside of the playing area which was later removed. Prior to the cessation of cricket during the First World War, Somerset only played at three other grounds; two in Bath, and Clarence Park in Weston-super-Mare. The Recreation Ground in Bath, the home ground of Bath Rugby, has been a regular setting for Somerset, hosting over 300 county matches. It is also Somerset's only venue other than the County Ground to have hosted a Twenty20 match. Clarence Park also frequently hosted Somerset matches until 1996, and has featured over 200 Somerset games. The next most frequently used ground is Morlands Athletic Ground in Glastonbury, where Somerset played 24 times between 1952 and 1978.
After the First World War, Somerset began playing in a wider variety of locations around the county, including three different grounds in Yeovil, and also hosted five matches at the Recreation Ground in Torquay, despite that being in Devon. They played in three different grounds in Bristol, which has been considered an independent county since 1373, though it was part of the county of Avon from 1974 until 1996, and where Gloucestershire County Cricket Club have their headquarters. After 1979, Somerset only played at the County Ground, the Recreation Ground and Clarence Park until 2012, when they faced Cardiff MCC University at Taunton Vale, their first new ground in 37 years. Somerset have not played a county match outside of Taunton since 2011, when they faced Essex in a Twenty20 match in Bath.
Grounds
Below is a complete list of grounds used by Somerset County Cricket Club for first-class, List A and Twenty20 matches. Statistics are complete through to the end of the 2022 season. Only matches played by Somerset at the grounds are recorded in the table. Matches abandoned without any play occurring are not included.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Grounds
Somerset
Somerset-related lists
Emad Shargi is an Iranian-American businessman. On April 23, 2018, during a trip to Iran, Shargi and his wife were taken into custody by Iranian authorities and held in Evin prison. Emad Shargi was taken to a Tehran court on November 30, 2020 where he was informed that he had been convicted of espionage without a trial and sentenced to 10 years in prison. Iran does not recognize dual citizenship, depriving prisoners like Shargi of consular assistance and diplomatic access.
The families of the American nationals imprisoned in Iran called for the Biden administration to prioritize their return in negotiations. A U.S. official said the Biden administration is treating the issue of the detainees independently from the Iran nuclear deal negotiations and are trying to resolve it as soon as possible.
See also
List of foreign nationals detained in Iran
Human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran
References
Living people
American people imprisoned in Iran
Year of birth missing (living people)
Live at SOB's is a live album released by American musician John Legend. Recorded June 28 and December 6, 2002 at SOB's in New York, it was produced by longtime collaborator Dave Tozer.
Track listing
"Set It Off" – 4:04
"Alright" – 3:34
"Lifted" – 3:58
"Soul Joint" – 4:02
"Hurts So Bad" – 5:12
"Sun Comes Up" – 8:00
"The Wrong Way" – 4:13
"Motherless Child" – 4:23
"Burning Down the House" – 2:42
"Without You" – 4:06
John Legend albums
Albums produced by Dave Tozer
2002 live albums
William Trevor Cox (24 May 1928 – 20 November 2016), known by his pen name William Trevor, was an Irish novelist, playwright, and short story writer. One of the elder statesmen of the Irish literary world, he is widely regarded as one of the greatest contemporary writers of short stories in the English language.
Trevor won the Whitbread Prize three times and was nominated five times for the Booker Prize, the last for his novel Love and Summer (2009), which was also shortlisted for the International Dublin Literary Award in 2011. His name was also mentioned in relation to the Nobel Prize in Literature. He won the 2008 International Nonino Prize in Italy. In 2014, Trevor was bestowed Saoi by the Aosdána.
Trevor resided in England from 1954 until his death at the age of 88.
Biography
Trevor was born as William Trevor Cox in Mitchelstown, County Cork, Ireland, to a middle-class, Anglo-Irish Protestant (Church of Ireland) family. He moved several times to other provincial towns, including Skibbereen, Tipperary, Youghal and Enniscorthy, as a result of his father's work as a bank official.
He was educated at St. Columba's College in Dublin, and at Trinity College Dublin, from which he received a degree in history. Trevor worked as a sculptor under the name Trevor Cox after his graduation from Trinity College, supplementing his income by teaching. He married Jane Ryan in 1952 and emigrated to Great Britain two years later, working as a copywriter for an advertising agency. It was during this time that he and his wife had their first son.
His first novel, A Standard of Behaviour, was published in 1958 (by Hutchinson of London), but received little critical success. He later disowned this work, and, according to his obituary in the Irish Times, "refused to have it republished". It was in fact republished in 1982 and in 1989.
In 1964, at the age of 36, Trevor was awarded the Hawthornden Prize for Literature for The Old Boys. This success encouraged Trevor to become a full-time writer.
In 1971, he and his family moved from London to Devon in South West England, first to Dunkeswell, then in 1980 to Shobrooke, where he lived until his death. Despite having spent most of his life in England, he considered himself to be "Irish in every vein".
William Trevor died peacefully in his sleep on 20 November 2016. He was 88 years old.
Works and themes
He wrote several collections of short stories that were well received. His short stories often follow a Chekhovian pattern. The characters in Trevor's work are typically marginalized members of society: children, the elderly, single middle-aged men and women, or the unhappily married. Those who cannot accept the reality of their lives create their own alternative worlds into which they retreat. A number of the stories use Gothic elements to explore the nature of evil and its connection to madness. Trevor acknowledged the influence of James Joyce on his short-story writing, and "the odour of ashpits and old weeds and offal" can be detected in his work, but the overall impression is not of gloominess, since, particularly in his early work, the author's wry humour offers the reader a tragicomic version of the world. He adapted much of his work for stage, television and radio. In 1990, Fools of Fortune was made into a film directed by Pat O'Connor, followed by a 1999 film adaptation of Felicia's Journey, which was directed by Atom Egoyan.
Trevor set his stories in both England and Ireland; they range from black comedies to tales based on Irish history and politics. A common theme is the tension between Protestant (usually Church of Ireland) landowners and Catholic tenants. His early books are peopled by eccentrics who speak in a pedantically formal manner and engage in hilariously comic activities that are recounted by a detached narrative voice. Instead of one central figure, the novels feature several protagonists of equal importance, drawn together by an institutional setting, which acts as a convergence point for their individual stories. The later novels are thematically and technically more complex. The operation of grace in the world is explored, and several narrative voices are used to view the same events from different angles. Unreliable narrators and different perspectives reflect the fragmentation and uncertainty of modern life. Trevor also explored the decaying institution of the "Big House" in his novels Fools of Fortune and The Story of Lucy Gault.
Awards and honours
Trevor was a member of the Irish Academy of Letters and Aosdána. He was awarded an honorary CBE in 1977 for "services to literature", and was made a Companion of Literature in 1994. In 2002 he received an honorary KBE in recognition of his services to literature. He won the 2008 International Nonino Prize in Italy.
Trevor was nominated for the Booker Prize five times, making the shortlist in 1970, 1976, 1991 and 2002, and the longlist in 2009. He won the Whitbread Prize three times and the Hawthornden Prize for Literature once.
Since 2002, when non-American authors became eligible to compete for the O. Henry Award, Trevor won the award four times, for his stories Sacred Statues (2002), The Dressmaker's Child (2006), The Room (2007), a juror favourite of that year, and Folie à Deux (2008).
Trevor was shortlisted for the International Dublin Literary Award in 2011.
Recognition
1965: Hawthornden Prize for Literature for The Old Boys
1970: Mrs. Eckdorf in O'Neill's Hotel was shortlisted for the Booker Prize
1975: Royal Society of Literature for Angels at the Ritz and Other Stories
1976: Whitbread Award for The Children of Dynmouth
Allied Irish Banks Prize for fiction
Heinemann Award for Fiction
Shortlisted for the Booker Prize
1980: Giles Cooper Award for Beyond the Pale
1982: Giles Cooper Award for Autumn Sunshine
1982: Jacob's Award for TV adaptation of The Ballroom of Romance
1983: Whitbread Prize for Fools of Fortune
1991: Reading Turgenev was shortlisted for the Booker Prize
1994: Whitbread Prize Best Novel for Felicia's Journey
1999: David Cohen Prize by the Arts Council of England in recognition of his work.
2001: Irish Literature Prize
2002: Irish PEN Award The Man Booker Prize 1970
2002: The Story of Lucy Gault was shortlisted for the Booker Prize and the Whitbread Award
2003: Kerry Group Irish Fiction Award at the Listowel Writers' Week
2008: Bob Hughes Lifetime Achievement Award in Irish Literature
Legacies
A monument to William Trevor was unveiled in Trevor's native Mitchelstown on 25 August 2004. It is a bronze sculpture by Liam Lavery and Eithne Ring in the form of a lectern, with an open book incorporating an image of the writer and a quotation, as well as the titles of his three Whitbread Prize-winning works, and two others of significance.
On 23 May 2008, the eve of his 80th birthday, a commemorative plaque, indicating the house on Upper Cork Street, Mitchelstown where Trevor was born, was unveiled by Louis McRedmond.
Bibliography
Novels and novellas
A Standard of Behaviour (Hutchinson, 1958)
The Old Boys (Bodley Head, 1964)
The Boarding House (Bodley Head, 1965)
The Love Department (Bodley Head, 1966)
Mrs Eckdorf in O'Neill's Hotel (Bodley Head, 1969)
Miss Gomez and the Brethren (Bodley Head, 1971)
Elizabeth Alone (Bodley Head, 1973)
The Children of Dynmouth (Bodley Head, 1976)
The Distant Past (Poolbeg Press, 1979)
Other People's Worlds (Bodley Head, 1980)
Fools of Fortune (Bodley Head, 1983)
Nights at the Alexandra (Hutchinson, 1987)
The Silence in the Garden (Bodley Head, 1988)
Two Lives (the two novellas Reading Turgenev and My House in Umbria) (Viking Press, 1991)
Felicia's Journey (Viking, 1994)
Death in Summer (Viking, 1998)
The Story of Lucy Gault (Viking, 2002)
Love and Summer (Viking, 2009)
The Dressmaker's Child (Penguin Books)
Short story collections
The Day We Got Drunk on Cake and Other Stories (Bodley Head, 1967)
The Ballroom of Romance and Other Stories (Bodley Head, 1972)
The Last Lunch of the Season (Covent Garden Press, 1973)
Angels at the Ritz and Other Stories (Bodley Head, 1975)
Lovers of their Time (Bodley Head, 1978)
Beyond the Pale (Bodley Head, 1981)
The Stories of William Trevor (Penguin, 1983)
The News from Ireland and Other Stories (Bodley Head, 1986)
Family Sins and Other Stories (Bodley Head, 1989)
Outside Ireland: Selected Stories (Viking, 1992)
The Collected Stories (Viking, 1992; Penguin, 1993, 2003)
After Rain (Viking, 1996)
Cocktails at Doney's (Bloomsbury Classics, 1996)
The Hill Bachelors (Viking, 2000)
A Bit On the Side (Viking, 2004)
Cheating at Canasta (Viking, 2007)
Bodily Secrets (Penguin Great Loves, 2007; new selection of stories from earlier collections)
The Collected Stories (Viking, 2009) .
Selected Stories (Viking, 2010), listed as "the second volume of his collected stories" .
Last Stories (Viking, 2018)
Short fiction
Drama
Out of the Unknown: "Walk's End" (1966)
Play for Today: O Fat White Woman (1971, adaptation from short story)
The Old Boys (Davis-Poynter, 1971)
A Night with Mrs da Tanka (Samuel French, 1972)
Going Home (Samuel French, 1972)
Marriages (Samuel French, 1973)
The Ballroom of Romance (Pat O'Connor, 1982)
Going Home (Samuel French, 1972)
Children's books
Juliet's Story (The O'Brien Press, Dublin, 1991)
Juliet's Story (Bodley Head, 1992)
Non-fiction
A Writer's Ireland: Landscape in Literature (Thames & Hudson, 1984)
Excursions in the Real World: memoirs (Hutchinson, 1993)
As editor
The Oxford Book of Irish Short Stories (Oxford University Press, 1989)
See also
List of winners and shortlisted authors of the Booker Prize for Fiction
References
Sources
External links
William Trevor at The British Council
William Trevor at Ireland Literature Guide
William Trevor at Read Ireland
William Trevor at The New Yorker
Archival material at
Interviews
Interview with John Tusa, BBC Radio 2010
Interview with Mark Lawson, BBC Radio 2009
1928 births
2016 deaths
Saoithe
Costa Book Award winners
David Cohen Prize recipients
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
Honorary Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Irish Anglicans
Irish male short story writers
Jacob's Award winners
The New Yorker people
People educated at St Columba's College, Dublin
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
People from Mitchelstown
Writers from Devon
20th-century Irish novelists
20th-century Irish male writers
Irish male novelists
Irish PEN Award for Literature winners
20th-century Irish short story writers
O. Henry Award winners
People from Mid Devon District
Pelagerythrobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
Pleasant Island may refer to:
Pleasant Island, former name of Nauru, an island country in the Micronesian South Pacific
Pleasant Island (Alaska), an island in Alaska
Pleasant Island (Montana), an island on Foy Lake
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1530.
Events
January – The first printed translation of the Torah into English, by William Tyndale, is published in Antwerp for distribution in Britain.
May – The Tyndale Bible is publicly burned in England as heretical.
unknown dates
First complete edition of the 'Zürich Bible', Huldrych Zwingli's translation into German printed by Christoph Froschauer, is published.
An edition of Desiderius Erasmus's Paraphrasis in Elegantiarum Libros Laurentii Vallae is the first book to use the Roman form of the Garamond typeface cut by Claude Garamond.
Paracelsus finishes writing Paragranum and leaves Nuremberg.
This is the earliest likely date for first printing of the Middle English tail-rhyme chivalric romance Sir Isumbras and of Sir Lamwell.
New books
Prose
Otto Brunfels – (third part: 1536)
Erasmus – A handbook on manners for children (De Civilitate Morum Puerilium Libellus)
William Tyndale – The Practice of Prelates
Drama
Henry Medwall – Nature (first printing)
John Heywood – The Play called the foure PP; a newe and a very mery interlude of a palmer, a pardoner, a potycary, a pedler
Poetry
Pietro Bembo – Rime
Girolamo Fracastoro – Syphilis sive morbus gallicus
Hans Sachs – Das Schlaraffenland
Births
July 3 – Claude Fauchet, French historian (died 1601)
August 2 – Girolamo Mercuriale, Italian physician and philologist (died 1606)
November 1 – Étienne de La Boétie, French judge, philosopher and essayist (died 1563)
Unknown dates
Jerónimo Bermúdez, Spanish playwright and poet (died 1599)
Jean Bodin, French political philosopher (died 1596)
François de Belleforest, French poet and translator (died 1582)
Pey de Garros, Occitan poet writing in Gascon (died 1585)
Baltasar del Alcázar, Spanish poet (died 1606)
Thomas Hoby, English diplomat and translator (died 1566)
Jan Kochanowski, Polish poet also writing in Latin (died 1584)
William Stevenson, English clergyman and presumed playwright (died 1575)
Approximate years
Judah Moscato, Italian rabbi, poet and philosopher (died 1593)
Richard Tarlton, English actor (died 1588)
Deaths
April 27 (one source states August 6) – Jacopo Sannazaro, Neapolitan poet, humanist and epigrammist also writing in Latin (born 1458)
April 28 – Niklaus Manuel, Swiss playwright writing in German and artist (born 1484)
August 28 – Gerold Edlibach, Swiss chronicler (born 1454)
December 22 – Willibald Pirckheimer, German humanist writer (born 1470)
Unknown date – Molla, Indian poet writing in Telugu, translator of the Ramayana (born 1440)
probable – Juan del Encina, Spanish poet, musician and playwright (born 1468)
References
Literature
1530 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
Santa Maria Ahuacatitlán is a village in the municipality of Cuernavaca, in the state of Morelos, Mexico. Ahuacatitlán means "place among aguacates" (avocados).
Location
Santa Maria Ahuacatitlán is located north of the city of Cuernavaca in Morelos. It borders Huitzilac and villages such as San Pedro Huertas to the north. On its eastern borders are the towns of Chamilpa and Ocotepec. To the south is Buena Vista, and to the east is Colonia del Bosque.
From Mexico City, the village can be reached by the Federal Mexico - Cuernavaca highway.
History
According to records of the city of Cuernavaca, Santa Maria Ahuacatitlan was formed when a portion of inhabitants of Cuernavaca fled the main city upon the approach of Hernán Cortés.
Gregorio Lemercier (1912-1987), founds the monastery of Santa María de la Resurrección in 1952.
The state of Morelos and the city of Cuernavaca were hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic in Mexico. On May 22, 2020, Santa María Ahuacatitlán reported six confirmed cases of infection. On June 6, the Comité Municipal de Contingencia COVID-19 (CMCC-19) listed the Centro, Antonio Barona, Alta Vista, Lomas de Ahuatlán, and Santa María Ahuacatitlán as the neighborhoods with the most infections. Santa María Ahuacatitlán was included in the list of high-risk neighborhoods during the pandemic in December 2020.
Famous people
Genovevo de la O (1876–1952) was born in Santa María Ahuacatitlán. He fought with Emiliano Zapata and organized the Siege of Cuernavaca in 1914. He was a signer of the Plan de Ayala and fought for peasant rights his entire life. He is buried in Santa María Ahuacatitlán.
See also
Cuernavaca
Cuernavaca Municipality
References
Populated places in Morelos
Nahua settlements
MycoWorks is a startup company based in Emeryville, California, which produces materials from mycelium. The company was founded in 2013 by Philip Ross, Sophia Wang, and Eddie Pavlu.
History
Co-founder and Chief Technical Officer Phil Ross's work with mycelium began before the formation of the company; this has assisted in the company's developments. In 2017 Matthew L. Scullin signed on as Chief Executive Officer. In early 2020 the company raised Series A financing, and later that year, $45 million in Series B financing with Natalie Portman and John Legend participating.
Technology
Fine Mycelium is the patented process that produces the unique cellular structure of their first commercially available product, called Reishi. Fine Mycelium is an evolution of, and major improvement on, mushroom leather. Fine Mycelium engineers the naturally interwoven threads of mycelium to produce proprietary, interlocking structures.
Products
Reishi is the first commercially available product from MycoWorks. MycoWorks expects brand partners to release the first products made with Reishi in 2021.
See also
Ecovative Design
References
External links
Companies based in San Francisco
Technology companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Biotechnology in the United States
2013 establishments in California
Fungi in cultivation
Guy (died 19 October 1175), was count of Nevers and Auxerre. He was the son of William III, Count of Nevers and Ida of Sponheim. He married Matilda, granddaughter of Duke Hugh II of Burgundy, just prior to his leaving for the holy land.
Guy succeeded his brother William IV in 1168. He died in 1175 and was succeeded by his son, William, whilst his wife Mathilde would be regent of Nevers.
Children
Guy and Matilda had three children:
William V, Count of Nevers
Agnes I, Countess of Nevers
Ida
Notes
References
1175 deaths
12th-century French people
Counts of Nevers
Georges Creek is a long 3rd order tributary to the Deep River in Chatham County, North Carolina.
Course
Georges Creek rises about 2 miles northeast of Goldston, North Carolina in Chatham County and then flows southeast to the Deep River about 0.5 miles east of Farmville, North Carolina.
Watershed
Georges Creek drains of area, receives about 47.5 in/year of precipitation, and has a wetness index of 426.24 and is about 65% forested.
See also
List of rivers of North Carolina
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Chatham County, North Carolina
Propositions 94, 95, 96, and 97 were Californian ballot propositions that sought to expand the scope of Native American gambling enterprises in California. All four propositions were approved by voters during elections on February 5, 2008
Proposals
All propositions sought to expand Indian Gaming Compacts with individual tribes. Proposition 94 affected the Pechanga Band of Luiseño Mission Indians, Proposition 95 affected the Morongo Band of Mission Indians, Proposition 96 affected the Sycuan Band of the Kumeyaay Nation, Proposition 97 affected the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians.
All the propositions allowed the tribes to operate additional slot machines and changed the environmental impact assessment procedures. The propositions also made the tribes pay additional deposits into the state General Fund.
Results
References
94, 95, 96, and 97
José Morillo (born 28 May 1962) is a Spanish water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Forest Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 17 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 17
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Fort de la Rivière Tremblante (also called "Fort Tremblante", "Aspin House" and "Grant's House") was a trading post of the North West Company on the Assiniboine River from 1791 to 1798.
It was in prime fur country and produced most of the beaver and otter pelts in the Assiniboine district. Many of the furs likely came from the forested area to the east that is now Duck Mountain Provincial Park (Saskatchewan). It was founded by Robert Grant in 1791 and from 1793 to 1798 Cuthbert Grant Sr was in charge. His more famous son was born here in 1793. It was closed in 1798 and burned down in 1800.
It was located about 9 miles south southeast of Kamsack, Saskatchewan and west of Togo, Saskatchewan. It was located 500 paces east of the Assiniboine just above the mouth of the Rivière Tremblante which comes in from the east.
Fort. de la Rivière Tremblante was excavated by Hugh MacKie, a University of Saskatchewan archaeologist, in the summers of 1967 and 1968. This work demonstrated that it was a solidly built establishment with several episodes of construction as it was expanded through the years.
See also
Assiniboine River fur trade
References
MacKie, Hugh T. (1968). "Excavation of Fort Riviere Tremblante (1791-98)". In The Blue Jay, Vol. 26, No. 2, pp. 101-105.
Meyer, David and Hugh T. Mackie (2017). "Whooping Cranes and Ft. Rivière Tremblante (1791-98). In Saskatchewan Archaeology Quarterly, Vol. 3, No. 4, pp. 110-117.
North West Company forts
Forts in Saskatchewan
Burned buildings and structures in Canada
Admirals Beach is a rural community located in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Previously spelled Admiral's Beach, it is a fishing port located on the island of Newfoundland; specifically it is along a point of land in the southern Avalon Peninsula near Great Colinet Island fronting St. Mary's Bay.
The community was incorporated in January 1968.
Geography
Good fishing grounds and a sheltered cove attracted the first settlers to the area. The town is part of Division 1 and is bounded by St. Mary's Bay and the unorganized area Subdivision W. Nearby communities include St. Joseph's, Riverhead and St. Mary's.
History
Admirals Beach was first settled in the early nineteenth century by a French admiral. In 1864 there were three families living there. By 1911 it had a Post Office and a population of 39. The community grew over the years until a large population came from Great Colinet Island during the resettlement programme of 1956. Its population in the 2016 Census was 135.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Admirals Beach had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Economy
Although the majority of its residents were fishermen, Admirals Beach also had two ships building yards where fishing boats and longliners were built with supplies from local sawmills.
See also
List of cities and towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
References
External links
Populated coastal places in Canada
Towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
Populated places established in the 19th century
Fishing communities in Canada
The twentieth European Masters Athletics Championships was held in Aarhus, Denmark, from 27 July-6 August 2017. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
References
European Masters Athletics Championships
European Masters Athletics Championships
European Masters Athletics Championships
International athletics competitions hosted by Denmark
Sport in Aarhus
European Masters Athletics Championships
European Masters Athletics Championships
The San Juan-Caguas Rail project, currently named NOVOTRÉN, will link the Puerto Rican cities of San Juan and Caguas through a "regional rail network". The plan was announced by the Mayor of Caguas, William Miranda Marín, along with former governor Aníbal Acevedo Vilá on . The agreement signed creates a public-private society between three parties: the central government, the city council and a regional partnership; it entails an investment of $200 million by the central government through the Government Bank of Development (Banco Gubernamental de Fomento in Spanish). The total cost of the project is estimated at between $375 million and $400 million.
The execution of the project will be in charged by Mideast Technology Initiative "Tecnológica Centro Oriental" (INTECO), a non-profit organization that groups municipal governments, academic and industrial institutions of the region.
The new line will include two stops in Caguas that will connect the Tren Urbano (Urban Train in English) in San Juan. The mayor of Caguas projected that in first year ridership should be between 10,000 and 15,000 daily, and that it should climb to about 20,000 in a year and a half.
The Puerto Rico Highway & Transportation Authority (PRHTA) has chosen The Innovative Transportation Group (ITG) - formed by French rail and urban transport management and design consultancy Semaly and Ray and locals such as architect Raúl Gayá, a project group which carried out the study, the drafting of enterprise consultation file documents and assistance in the choice of the contract holders.
In March 2013, the name of the project was revealed and it will be called the NOVOTREN.
Overview
San Juan is the capital of Puerto Rico, and its metropolitan area has a population of approximately 2 million, almost one half of the main island's total. It is the economic and political center of Puerto Rico, and its main international entry point. Currently a automated metro system "Tren Urbano" is operating and underused.
Caguas, located about south of San Juan, is the fifth-largest city in terms of population with approximately 200,000. It is part of the agricultural, commercial and industrial core of the central region as well as part of the San Juan Metropolitan Area.
Currently, the main form of transportation between these two cities is by two highways, PR-52 and PR-1.
Features
To be competitive and attractive, the projected local and regional "rapid rail line" will run between San Juan and Caguas up to an ideally maximum , operating wholly on dedicated rights-of-way in the center of highway PR-52, covering the distance between the two cities in about 15 minutes (for comparison, an automobile takes about 20 minutes in non-rush hour time and may take up to 90 minutes in rush hour). Luggage racks and laptop computer sockets could be a possibility if projected future expansions are to be considered.
Schedule
As of , no work to date has begun and the project remains postponed, although one additional reversible (zipper-lane) express lane along PR-52 has since been added. Current traffic levels continue to remain heavily congested during rush hour periods.
The original schedule was set to begin with Tren Interurbano's technical proposals being revealed by the end of 2007 with several firms bidding for the construction contract shortly thereafter. Beginning stages of construction were originally scheduled for the first quarter of 2008, which was planned to finish around the end of 2009 or the first quarter of 2010, allowing for two years of construction time.
In March 2013, a new schedule was released on the local newspaper El Nuevo Dia. According to the published schedule, interested companies will be qualified into the project. Starting May 2013, proposals will be developed as well as negotiations with interested construction companies. During the months of September and October, proposals will be received and a company willing to build the rail will be chosen. Finally, during November or December, it is expected the construction will start.
In 2015, the Government of Puerto Rico projected that the train will be operating before elections on 2016.
Stations
The new train will link San Juan's Tren Urbano Cupey or Centro Médico stations with Las Catalinas Mall and Plaza Centro stations in Caguas. Several intermediate stops are proposed, one of these being Montehiedra, but according to the proposed route published in March 2013, Montehiedra will not be considered for a station.
Financing resources
Proposed financing would include a long-term concession model, similar to privately developed Teodoro Moscoso Bridge by SEOPAN under which private firms would finance, design, build and manage major portions of the system under long-term franchises. Federal Government funding is not being sought at this time.
See also
Rail transport in Puerto Rico
Transportation in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Caribbean Business Article Caguas To San Juan In 15 Minutes
Innovative Transport Projects
San Juan Tramway proposal – En Rieles
Light rail in Puerto Rico
Proposed public transport in North America
Proposed public transportation in the United States
Manuel Benedito Vives (25 December 1875 – 20 June 1963) was a Spanish painter. He was born in Valencia on Christmas 1875. His father was a taxidermist, and his brother was a musician. At age 13 he was enrolled in the San Carlos School of Fine Arts, from which he graduated six years later. Upon graduation, he began work in Joaquín Sorolla's workshop and traveled to Madrid with him two years later.
He was a member of the Academia de Bellas Artes de España from 1900 to 1904 and later worked as a teacher at the School of San Fernando.
He painted landscapes, still lifes, and portraits, the later of which he was best known for, especially towards the end of his career. He painted Alfonso XIII several times. In 1944, he received the Civil Order of Alfonso X, the Wise.
The Fundación Manuel Benedito museum, founded in October 2020 by Vicenta Benedito, his niece, is dedicated to his work. The museum is located in what used to be his studio in Madrid.
References
1875 births
1963 deaths
19th-century Spanish painters
19th-century Spanish male artists
Spanish male painters
20th-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish male artists
People from Valencia
Spanish portrait painters
Painters from the Valencian Community
Menglang (; ) is a town in and the county seat of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 87,703 and an area of . Menglang is the administrative, cultural, economic and transportation center of the Lancang Lahu Autonomous County.
Etymology
"Menglang" is a place name of Dai language. "Meng" means place and "Lang" means wash. Two words together, meaning a washed place.
Administrative division
As of 2016, the town is divided into four communities and eleven villages:
Fofang Community ()
Dashuijing Community ()
Wenquan Community ()
Qiankuang Community ()
Tangsheng ()
Mengbin ()
Nandian ()
Fuben ()
Dalinwo ()
Xiagudi ()
Luoba ()
Dapingzhang ()
Kanmashan ()
Baomaidi ()
Bulao ()
History
After the Management System Reform in the Ming dynasty (1368–1644), it came under the jurisdiction of Menglian Zhangguansi ().
In the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), it became the jurisdiction of Mengbin Tusi ().
In 1940, it belonged to the 1st District of Lancang County. That same year, the 1st District of Lancang County was revoked and it belonged to Donglang Township ().
Menglang was upgraded to a town in August 1962. In 1988, Tangsheng Township () was merged into the town. In January 2006, the villages of Mashan (), Bulao () and Baomaidi () and Donglang Hani Ethnic Township () were merged into Menglang.
Geography
It is surrounded by Laba Township and Zhutang Township on the northwest, Nuozhadu Town on the southeast, Donghui Town on the southwest, and Nanling Township on the northeast.
The town is in the subtropical climate zone, with an average annual temperature of , total annual rainfall of , a frost-free period of 240 to 280 days and annual average sunshine hours in 2118.9 hours.
The terrain of the town is high in the northeast and low in the southwest. The highest point in the town is Mount Mangjing (), which, at above sea level.
The Nanlang River () flows through the town.
Economy
The local economy is primarily based upon agriculture and pig-breeding. Soybean, vegetable, and sugarcane are the economic plants of this region.
Demographics
As of 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the town's population now to be 87,703.
Transportation
The National Highway G214 passes across the town northwest to southeast.
The town is the starting point of Provincial Highway S309.
References
Bibliography
Towns of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Shagufta Sadiq () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement on a seat reserved for women from Sindh in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Muttahida Qaumi Movement MNAs
Guillaume René Gigliotti (born 9 November 1989) is a French footballer who plays as a left back for Italian club Bari.
Career
Born in Istres, Gigliotti finished his formation with Monaco, making his senior debuts with the reserve team in the 2007–08 season. In July 2010, he moved to Italy, signing with Novara. After appearing sparingly with the club, he was loaned to Foggia in August 2011.
After being a regular with Foggia (contributing with 31 appearances and 2 goals), Gigliotti signed with Empoli, with Flavio Lazzari moved to opposite direction. However, he only appeared once with Empoli, playing the last minutes in a 3–1 home win over Varese.
On 3 September 2013 Gigliotti moved to Spain, signing a contract with Badalona on free transfer.
On 2 February 2014 he was signed by Foggia Calcio.
On 16 July 2018 he joined Serie B club Salernitana, signing a 3-year contract.
On 31 July 2019, he signed a 2-year contract with Serie B club Crotone.
On 5 October 2020 he moved to Chievo on a two-year contract.
Personal life
Guillaume's brother, David Gigliotti, is also a professional footballer. He is of Argentine descent through his father.
Honours
Bari
Serie C: 2021–22 (Group C)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Istres
Sportspeople from Bouches-du-Rhône
French people of Argentine descent
Sportspeople of Argentine descent
French footballers
Association football defenders
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
AS Monaco FC players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Novara F.C. players
Calcio Foggia 1920 players
Empoli F.C. players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
F.C. Crotone players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
S.S.C. Bari players
Segunda División B players
CF Badalona players
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
French expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Italy
French expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Footballers from Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
The 1962–63 Detroit Red Wings season was the Red Wings' 37th season. They finished in fourth place in the National Hockey League (NHL) with a record of 32 wins, 25 losses, and 13 ties. Detroit defeated the Chicago Black Hawks four games to two in the Semi-Finals, but lost the Stanley Cup Finals to the Toronto Maple Leafs, four games to one.
This season saw right winger Gordie Howe capture the Art Ross Trophy as the league's leading scorer. He potted 38 goals and added 48 assists for 86 points. Howe was also named winner of the Hart Memorial Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player, his sixth overall.
Offseason
Regular season
Final standings
Record vs. opponents
Schedule and results
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|1||W||October 11, 1962||2–1 || align="left"| @ New York Rangers (1962–63) ||1–0–0
|- align="center"
|2||T||October 13, 1962||0–0 || align="left"| @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||1–0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|3||W||October 14, 1962||3–1 || align="left"| Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||2–0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|4||W||October 18, 1962||5–3 || align="left"| Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||3–0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|5||W||October 21, 1962||3–1 || align="left"| Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||4–0–1
|- align="center"
|6||T||October 25, 1962||3–3 || align="left"| @ Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||4–0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|7||W||October 28, 1962||2–0 || align="left"| Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||5–0–2
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|8||W||November 1, 1962||4–0 || align="left"| New York Rangers (1962–63) ||6–0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|9||W||November 3, 1962||7–3 || align="left"| @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||7–0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|10||W||November 4, 1962||3–1 || align="left"| Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||8–0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|11||L||November 8, 1962||1–4 || align="left"| @ Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||8–1–2
|- align="center"
|12||T||November 10, 1962||3–3 || align="left"| @ Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||8–1–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|13||W||November 11, 1962||3–2 || align="left"| @ New York Rangers (1962–63) ||9–1–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|14||L||November 14, 1962||2–4 || align="left"| @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||9–2–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|15||L||November 17, 1962||2–3 || align="left"| @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||9–3–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|16||W||November 18, 1962||3–1 || align="left"| @ Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||10–3–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|17||L||November 22, 1962||0–3 || align="left"| Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||10–4–3
|- align="center"
|18||T||November 24, 1962||1–1 || align="left"| @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||10–4–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|19||W||November 25, 1962||3–2 || align="left"| Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||11–4–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|20||L||November 29, 1962||0–5 || align="left"| New York Rangers (1962–63) ||11–5–4
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|21||L||December 2, 1962||1–3 || align="left"| Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||11–6–4
|- align="center"
|22||T||December 5, 1962||3–3 || align="left"| @ New York Rangers (1962–63) ||11–6–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|23||W||December 6, 1962||5–3 || align="left"| Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||12–6–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|24||L||December 8, 1962||1–2 || align="left"| @ Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||12–7–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|25||W||December 9, 1962||4–3 || align="left"| Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||13–7–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|26||W||December 13, 1962||3–2 || align="left"| New York Rangers (1962–63) ||14–7–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|27||W||December 15, 1962||3–1 || align="left"| Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||15–7–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|28||L||December 16, 1962||2–5 || align="left"| @ New York Rangers (1962–63) ||15–8–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|29||L||December 20, 1962||3–5 || align="left"| Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||15–9–5
|- align="center"
|30||T||December 23, 1962||2–2 || align="left"| Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||15–9–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|31||W||December 25, 1962||2–1 || align="left"| Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||16–9–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|32||L||December 26, 1962||4–5 || align="left"| @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||16–10–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|33||L||December 29, 1962||1–5 || align="left"| @ Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||16–11–6
|- align="center"
|34||T||December 31, 1962||1–1 || align="left"| New York Rangers (1962–63) ||16–11–7
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|35||L||January 1, 1963||2–4 || align="left"| @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||16–12–7
|- align="center"
|36||T||January 6, 1963||5–5 || align="left"| Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||16–12–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|37||W||January 10, 1963||3–2 || align="left"| @ Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||17–12–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|38||L||January 12, 1963||1–2 || align="left"| @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||17–13–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|39||W||January 13, 1963||4–2 || align="left"| New York Rangers (1962–63) ||18–13–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|40||W||January 17, 1963||5–3 || align="left"| Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||19–13–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|41||L||January 19, 1963||1–5 || align="left"| @ Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||19–14–8
|- align="center"
|42||T||January 20, 1963||2–2 || align="left"| Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||19–14–9
|- align="center"
|43||T||January 24, 1963||1–1 || align="left"| Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||19–14–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|44||L||January 26, 1963||0–3 || align="left"| Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||19–15–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|45||W||January 27, 1963||5–3 || align="left"| @ Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||20–15–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|46||W||January 30, 1963||6–1 || align="left"| @ New York Rangers (1962–63) ||21–15–10
|-
|- align="center"
|47||T||February 2, 1963||4–4 || align="left"| @ Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||21–15–11
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|48||L||February 3, 1963||2–6 || align="left"| Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||21–16–11
|- align="center"
|49||T||February 6, 1963||3–3 || align="left"| @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||21–16–12
|- align="center"
|50||T||February 7, 1963||3–3 || align="left"| Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||21–16–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|51||W||February 10, 1963||2–1 || align="left"| Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||22–16–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|52||L||February 13, 1963||2–6 || align="left"| @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||22–17–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|53||W||February 16, 1963||3–1 || align="left"| Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||23–17–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|54||L||February 17, 1963||1–6 || align="left"| Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||23–18–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|55||L||February 21, 1963||3–5 || align="left"| Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||23–19–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|56||L||February 23, 1963||2–3 || align="left"| @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||23–20–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|57||W||February 24, 1963||3–2 || align="left"| @ New York Rangers (1962–63) ||24–20–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|58||L||February 26, 1963||3–4 || align="left"| New York Rangers (1962–63) ||24–21–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|59||L||February 28, 1963||3–5 || align="left"| @ Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||24–22–13
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|60||W||March 2, 1963||7–1 || align="left"| @ Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||25–22–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|61||W||March 3, 1963||3–2 || align="left"| @ New York Rangers (1962–63) ||26–22–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|62||L||March 5, 1963||3–4 || align="left"| Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||26–23–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|63||L||March 9, 1963||3–5 || align="left"| @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||26–24–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|64||W||March 10, 1963||4–3 || align="left"| @ Boston Bruins (1962–63) ||27–24–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|65||W||March 14, 1963||9–4 || align="left"| New York Rangers (1962–63) ||28–24–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|66||L||March 16, 1963||3–5 || align="left"| @ Montreal Canadiens (1962–63) ||28–25–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|67||W||March 17, 1963||4–2 || align="left"| Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||29–25–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|68||W||March 19, 1963||5–1 || align="left"| @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) ||30–25–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|69||W||March 23, 1963||2–1 || align="left"| @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||31–25–13
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|70||W||March 24, 1963||3–2 || align="left"| Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) ||32–25–13
|-
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus-minus PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals;
MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts;
Playoffs
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|1||L||March 26, 1963||4–5 || || align="left" | @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) || 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|2||L||March 28, 1963||2–5 || || align="left" | @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) || 0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|3||W||March 31, 1963||4–2 || || align="left" | Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) || 1–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|4||W||April 2, 1963||4–1 || || align="left" | Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) || 2–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|5||W||April 4, 1963||4–2 || || align="left" | @ Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) || 3–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|6||W||April 7, 1963||7–4 || || align="left" | Chicago Black Hawks (1962–63) || 4–2
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|1||L||April 9, 1963||2–4 || || align="left" | @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) || 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|2||L||April 11, 1963||2–4 || || align="left" | @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) || 0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
|3||W||April 14, 1963||3–2 || || align="left" | Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) || 1–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|4||L||April 16, 1963||2–4 || || align="left" | Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) || 1–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
|5||L||April 18, 1963||1–3 || || align="left" | @ Toronto Maple Leafs (1962–63) || 1–4
|-
Awards and honors
Art Ross Trophy: Gordie Howe
Hart Memorial Trophy: Gordie Howe
Gordie Howe, Right Wing, NHL First Team All-Star
Terry Sawchuk, Goaltender, NHL Second Team All-Star
References
Red Wings on Hockey Database
Detroit
Detroit
Detroit Red Wings seasons
Detroit Red Wings
Detroit Red Wings
The bay-capped wren-spinetail (Spartonoica maluroides) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is monotypic within the genus Spartonoica.
It is found in mid-northern Argentina, Uruguay and extreme southeastern Brazil. Its natural habitats are swamps and intermittent saline marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
bay-capped wren-spinetail
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Pampas
Birds of Uruguay
bay-capped wren-spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Ōwaka River, until 2019 officially the Owaka River, flows southeastward through The Catlins, an area of the southern South Island of New Zealand. Its total length is , and it shares the estuary of the Catlins River, flowing into the Pacific Ocean at Pounawea, south of Balclutha. Its source is on the slopes of Mount Rosebery, south of Clinton. The Ōwaka River is located within the Clutha District.
The small town of Owaka is situated about one kilometre from the south bank of the river. The locality of Tahora was located at the Ōwaka River where the road and railway crossed the river; there is little trace of that settlement visible today.
References
Rivers of Otago
The Catlins
Rivers of New Zealand
Clutha District
Secret Circle (foaled April 13, 2009) is a Thoroughbred race horse who won the 2011 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Sprint, 2013 Breeders' Cup Sprint, and Dubai Golden Shaheen.
Background
The horse was bred by Willmott Stables. He was sired by Eddington, a California-based stallion who won the 2005 Pimlico Special.
Racing career
2011: two-year-old season
Secret Circle broke his maiden at Del Mar on July 23, 2011 going furlongs on the all-weather track. He sped to the lead, dueled inside with Basmati. He inched away on the turn and drew off in the stretch to win by lengths. He was ridden by Rafael Bejarano. The horse made his stakes debut in the Jack Goodman Stakes on October 11, 2011 going six furlongs at Santa Anita Park. He had speed between foes, then stalked the pace a bit off the rail, came out three deep into the stretch, gained the lead in upper stretch, inched away. Was ridden along to widen past the furlong marker while drifting in and was under a long hold late. The final time was 1:08.27.
Secret Circle's next start was the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Sprint, on November 4, 2011 at Churchill Downs. He bumped with Shumoos leaving the gate, quickly recovered and forced a sharp pace in about path two, dueled with a slim advantage mid turn, shook clear of Trinniberg in upper stretch, widened his margin with a furlong remaining, wandered out towards the center of the track near the sixteenth pole, was guided back down and held on to win by a length. He completed the six furlongs in 1:10.52 and capped an undefeated season.
2012 & 2013: two- and three-year-old seasons
In 2013, Secret Circle returned from being injured in the 2012 Arkansas Derby, where he finished 2nd to Bodemeister, by winning an allowance race at Santa Anita Racetrack. Secret Circle's next race was the Breeders' Cup Sprint, which he won by a neck.
2014: five-year-old season
Secret Circle made his 2014 debut in the Grade II Palos Verdes Handicap on February 2, 2014 at Santa Anita Park. He had good early speed between horses, dueled inside, put a head in front past the eighth pole, inched away from his pace rival in deep stretch but could not hold off the eventual winner Wild Dude. Secret Circle was expected to run in the Grade III Count Fleet Sprint on April 10, 2014 at Oaklawn Park but was mistakenly tranquilized when flown. Medications need 48 hours to clear, so he was forced to be scratched. He didn't race again until Grade I Santa Anita Sprint Championship on October 4, 2014. Facing Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile winner Goldencents, Secret Circle had good early speed and dueled inside, put a head in front on the turn, fought back leaving the turn and into the stretch and held third.
The Santa Anita Sprint Championship was a prep for the Breeders' Cup Xpressbet Sprint. He was unable to repeat his 2013 success, but finished a very game second to Work All Week, getting beat by 1/2 length. He traveled to the east coast for a start in the Cigar Mile Handicap on November 29, 2014. Secret Circle stumbled badly at the start, but recovered to finish second.
2015: six-year-old season
It was confirmed that Secret Circle would return for a six-year-old campaign, and won the Golden Shaheen at Meydan Racecourse with Victor Espinoza as jockey. It will likely by his last year, with the Breeder's Cup Sprint at Keeneland being his ultimate target.
References
2009 racehorse births
Racehorses trained in the United States
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Breeders' Cup Juvenile Sprint winners
Breeders' Cup Sprint winners
Thoroughbred family 16-g
Maureen Fitch is a plant physiologist who works for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Hawaii Agricultural Research center. She was part of the team of researchers that engineered papayas resistant to the Papaya ringspot virus (PRSV), and many other papers as well, on this subject, and related ones.
References
External links
Hawaiian Agricultural Research Center profile
21st-century American botanists
Living people
Plant physiologists
Women botanists
21st-century American women scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jack Edwin Drake (July 29, 1934 – October 11, 2015) was an American politician in the Iowa State Representative from the 21st District. A Republican, he served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1993 until his death. Drake was born and raised near Walnut, Iowa and lived in Griswold. Drake attended the University of Iowa.
, Drake served on several committees in the Iowa House – the Agriculture, Appropriations, and State Government committees. He also served as the chair of the Agriculture and Natural Resources Appropriations Subcommittee.
Biography
Jack Drake was first elected in 1992. He was born on July 29, 1934, in Walnut, Iowa. His father, Wallace, and mother, Arlene, were both farmers. He attended grade school at Lincoln #2 Country School in Walnut. He graduated from Atlantic High School. Following graduation, he attended the University of Iowa.
In 1954, he married his wife, Shirley, and together they have raised four children – three of which still live in SW Iowa. The fourth lives in Nevada, Iowa. He and his wife Shirley have eleven grandchildren, and nine great-grandchildren
Drake attends Griswold United Methodist Church. He was the Chair of the Finance Committee and served on the Audit Committee. He was a former Sunday school teacher
He was Board Secretary of the Walnut Telephone Company. In addition, he was an active member of the Corn Growers Association, Soybean Association, NFIB, and Iowa Farm Bureau.
He was a former Board Member of the Pottawattamie County Zoning Board; the former President of the East Pottawattamie County Farm Bureau; and the former President of the Pottawattamie County Extension Council. Jack was active in 4-H and served as a leader of the organization at one time. Drake died on October 11, 2015 in hospital at the Atlantic, Iowa.
Electoral history
*incumbent
References
External links
Representative Jack Drake official Iowa General Assembly site
Financial information (state office) at the National Institute for Money in State Politics
Profile at Iowa House Republicans
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
1934 births
2015 deaths
University of Iowa alumni
People from Pottawattamie County, Iowa
People from Cass County, Iowa
Iowa Republicans
Farmers from Iowa
Farmersville High School (abbr. FHS) is a public American senior high school set in Farmersville, California, United States. The school is part of the Farmersville Unified School District, which takes in the majority of students from its K-8 program.
Academics
As of the 2005/2006 school year, all students enrolled at FHS must at least meet the following criteria before graduation:
4 years of English (40 credits)
3 years of Math (30 credits) [10 of the math credits must be the completion of Algebra 1B or the equivalent of Algebra 1]
2 years of P.E. (20 credits)
1 year of Frosh Studies (10 credits)
1 year of World History (10 credits)
1 year of U.S. History (10 credits)
1 year of Government/Economics (10 credits)
1 year of Physical Science (10 credits)
1 year of Life Science (10 credits)
1 year of Fine Arts (10 credits)
1 year of Foreign Language (10 credits)
1 year of keyboarding (10 credits)
120 credits of electives
In total, 300 credits are necessary for a student at FHS to graduate. Also, starting with the 2007/2008 school year, freshman through senior year is used to calculate the cumulative high school GPA. Prior to this move, sophomore through senior year factored into the overall student GPA at FHS.
Athletics
FHS sports teams are called the Aztecs, and have their home games on campus. The Aztecs participate in the East Sierra League (Div. VI, CIF Central Section) and have varsity, JV, and frosh/soph teams. Below are all the sports that FHS participates in and their respective season:
Fall
Cross Country
Women's Volleyball
Football
Winter
Men's Basketball
Women's Basketball
Men's Soccer
Women's Soccer
Wrestling
Spring
Baseball
Softball
Track & Field
An aquatics program will be introduced following the construction of the new aquatic center.
Clubs and organizations
Every year, FHS has the following clubs and organizations that students can participate in:
ASB
Art Club
Avid Club
Band / Color guard
Representatives for each class:
President
Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer
Choir
CSF
Dance Club
Drama
FFA
Key Club
Pep Squad
Spanish Club
Theatre
Yearbook
References
High schools in Tulare County, California
Public high schools in California
For the European road project, see Trans-European road network
The Terrestrial Ecosystem Research Network, or TERN by its acronym, is a research network that enables coordinated work across private research centres and Australian government agencies. TERN has also been described as "Australia's terrestrial ecosystem observatory": it provides empirical data to Australian and foreign institutions. As of 2021, TERN boasted that its infrastructure has been instrumental in the publication of over 1,000 academic articles. NASA says it has used TERN data.
At launch in 2009, its funding included $55 million from the Australian government and $4 million in Queensland government funding. The partners include the University of Queensland, the Queensland University of Technology, Griffith University, CSIRO, the Queensland Department of Environment & Resource Management, and the University of Adelaide, all of which direct TERN.
As of 2021, TERN was funded by NCRIS, an Australian government initiative. TERN itself funds research infrastructure and data collection.
Infrastructure
TERN operates over 700 sites across Australia. As of 2013, TERN had installed 20 flux towers. The Daintree Rainforest Observatory (DRO), in Cape Tribulation, is monitored by TERN.
TERN provides three ranges of infrastructure: environmental monitoring at continental scale, a large collection of research plots, and a more limited collection of intensively monitored sites.
References
External links
Research in Australia
2009 establishments in Australia
West Siberian Krai (, Zapadno-Sibirsky Krai) was an early krai of the Russian SFSR, created after the split of the Siberian Krai in 1930. By the 1937 All-Union Census, it had population of 6,433,527.
See also
References
1930 establishments in Russia
1937 disestablishments in Russia
Former administrative units of Russia
In polyhedral combinatorics, the Gale transform turns the vertices of any convex polytopes into a set of vectors or points in a space of a different dimension, the Gale diagram of the polytope. It can be used to describe high-dimensional polytopes with few vertices, by transforming them into sets of points in a space of a much lower dimension. The process can also be reversed, to construct polytopes with desired properties from their Gale diagrams. The Gale transform and Gale diagram are named after David Gale, who introduced these methods in a 1956 paper on neighborly polytopes.
Definitions
Transform
Given a -dimensional polytope, with vertices, adjoin 1 to the Cartesian coordinates of each vertex, to obtain a -dimensional column vector. The matrix of these column vectors has dimensions and rank . The Gale transform replaces this matrix by a matrix of dimension , whose column vectors are a basis for the kernel of . Then has row vectors, of dimension . These row vectors form the Gale diagram of the polytope. There is a choice of which basis for the kernel to use, but it changes the result only by a linear transformation.
A proper subset of the vertices of a polytope forms the vertex set of a face of the polytope, if and only if the complementary set of vectors of the Gale transform has a convex hull that contains the origin in its relative interior.
Equivalently, the subset of vertices forms a face if and only if there is no linear function that assigns non-negative values to the complementary vectors.
Linear diagram
Because the Gale transform is defined only up to a linear transformation, its nonzero vectors can be normalized to all be -dimensional unit vectors. The linear Gale diagram is a normalized version of the Gale transform, in which all the vectors are zero or unit vectors.
Affine diagram
Given a Gale diagram of a polytope, that is, a set of unit vectors in an -dimensional space, one can choose a -dimensional subspace through the origin that avoids all of the vectors, and a parallel subspace that does not pass through the origin. Then, a central projection from the origin to will produce a set of -dimensional points. This projection loses the information about which vectors lie above and which lie below it, but this information can be represented by assigning a sign (positive, negative, or zero) or equivalently a color (black, white, or gray) to each point. The resulting set of signed or colored points is the affine Gale diagram of the given polytope. This construction has the advantage, over the Gale transform, of using one less dimension to represent the structure of the given polytope.
Gale transforms and linear and affine Gale diagrams can also be described through the duality of oriented matroids.
As with the linear diagram, a subset of vertices forms a face if and only if there is no affine function (a linear function with a possibly nonzero constant term) that assigns a non-negative value to each positive vector in the complementary set and a non-positive value to each negative vector in the complementary set.
Examples
The Gale diagram is particularly effective in describing polyhedra whose numbers of vertices are only slightly larger than their dimensions.
Simplices
A -dimensional polytope with vertices, the minimum possible, is a simplex. In this case, the linear Gale diagram is 0-dimensional, consisting only of zero vectors. The affine diagram has gray points.
One additional vertex
In a -dimensional polytope with vertices, the linear Gale diagram is one-dimensional, with the vector representing each point being one of the three numbers , , or . In the affine diagram, the points are zero-dimensional, so they can be represented only by their signs or colors without any location value. In order to represent a polytope, the diagram must have at least two points with each nonzero sign. Two diagrams represent the same combinatorial equivalence class of polytopes when they have the same numbers of points of each sign, or when they can be obtained from each other by negating all of the signs.
For , the only possibility is two points of each nonzero sign, representing a convex quadrilateral. For , there are two possible Gale diagrams: the diagram with two points of each nonzero sign and one zero point represents a square pyramid, while the diagram with two points of one nonzero sign and three points with the other sign represents the triangular bipyramid.
In general, the number of distinct Gale diagrams with , and the number of combinatorial equivalence classes of -dimensional polytopes with vertices, is .
Two additional vertices
In a -dimensional polytope with vertices, the linear Gale diagram consists of points on the unit circle (unit vectors) and at its center. The affine Gale diagram consists of labeled points or clusters of points on a line. Unlike for the case of vertices, it is not completely trivial to determine when two Gale diagrams represent the same polytope.
Three-dimensional polyhedra with six vertices provide natural examples where the original polyhedron is of a low enough dimension to visualize, but where the Gale diagram still provides a dimension-reducing effect. These include both the regular octahedron and the triangular prism. The linear Gale diagram of a regular octahedron consists of three pairs of equal points on the unit circle (representing pairs of opposite vertices of the octahedron), dividing the circle into arcs of angle less than . Its affine Gale diagram consists of three pairs of equal signed points on the line, with the middle pair having the opposite sign to the outer two pairs. The linear Gale diagram of a triangular prism consists of six points on the circle, in three diametrically opposed pairs, with each pair representing vertices of the prism that are adjacent on two square faces of the prism. The corresponding affine Gale diagram has three pairs of points on a line, like the regular octahedron, but with one point of each sign in each pair.
Applications
Gale diagrams have been used to provide a complete combinatorial enumeration of the -dimensional polytope with vertices, and to construct polytopes that have unusual properties.
Polytopes constructed in this way include:
The Perles polytope, an 8-dimensional polytope with 12 vertices that cannot be realized with rational Cartesian coordinates. This polytope was constructed by Micha Perles from the Perles configuration (nine points and nine lines in the plane that cannot be realized with rational coordinates) by doubling three of the points of the Perles configuration, assigning signs to the resulting 12 points, and treating the resulting signed configuration as the Gale diagram of a polytope. Although irrational polytopes are known with dimension as low as four, none are known with fewer vertices.
The Kleinschmidt polytope, a 4-dimensional polytope with 8 vertices, 10 tetrahedral facets, and one octahedral facet, constructed by Peter Kleinschmidt. Although the octahedral facet has the same combinatorial structure as a regular octahedron, it is not possible for it to be regular. Two copies of this polytope can be glued together on their octahedral facets to produce a 10-vertex polytope in which some pairs of realizations cannot be continuously deformed into each other.
The bipyramid over a square pyramid is a 4-dimensional polytope with 7 vertices having the dual property, that the shape of one of its vertex figures (the apex of its central pyramid) cannot be prescribed. Originally found by David W. Barnette, this example was rediscovered by Bernd Sturmfels using Gale diagrams.
The construction of small "unneighborly polytopes", that is, polytopes without a universal vertex, and "illuminated polytopes", in which every vertex is incident to a diagonal that passes through the interior of the polytope. The cross polytopes have these properties, but in 16 or more dimensions there exist illuminated polytopes with fewer vertices, and in 6 or more dimensions the illuminated polytopes with the fewest vertices need not be simplicial. The construction involves Gale diagrams.
Notes
References
Polyhedral combinatorics
Ruth Walczak (born 15 September 1988) is a British rower.
Rowing career
Walczak made her British junior debut in 2005 and also made four appearances at the World U23 Championships. She won a bronze medal in the lightweight single scull at the 2013 World Rowing Championships in Chungju and finished in ninth place at the 2014 World Rowing Championships. Walczak was part of the British team that topped the medal table at the 2015 World Rowing Championships at Lac d'Aiguebelette in France, where she won a silver medal as part of the lightweight quadruple sculls with Brianna Stubbs, Emily Craig and Eleanor Piggott.
References
1988 births
Living people
British female rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
People from Rochdale
Xmi Private Limited, is a Singapore technological company founded in 2006 by brothers Ryan Lee and Reuben Lee together with Barry Choo. Ryan Lee is also the current CEO of the company. Xmi focuses on introducing the newest wave of multimedia products to the global market, starting with an objective of creating the smallest portable speaker with the highest quality sound possible. Xmi is more commonly known as X-mini which is the brand name of its products.
The main products that the company offers are compact and portable capsule speakers that have in-built rechargeable batteries which work mainly with smartphones, tablets and other smart devices. The newer capsule speakers produced by Xmi includes Bluetooth capabilities which allows wireless connection with smart devices. Xmi managed to break-even on all first year expenses within three months of launching of its first X-mini™ Capsule Speakers. As of 2012, Xmi has sold close to three million units of the X-mini™ Capsule Speakers.
Products
Xmi introduced their first X-mini speakers in 2007. The X-mini speakers had built-in rechargeable batteries to provide a direct energy source for the speakers.
In 2009, Xmi launched the second generation speakers with a new function called "buddyjack" which enables users to connect multiple capsule speakers to a single source of music.
In 2011, Xmi invested approximately $1million in a manufacturing plant in Shenzhen, China to help produce components and research for new ideas and improvements for its X-mini™ products. The plant employs about 180 engineers and assembly workers.
Overseas Market
Xmi currently sells in over 80 countries across regions like Asia Pacific, Australia, Europe, Latin America, Middle East and North America. In 2014, international sales of Xmi's products account for 95% of its total revenue. Since Xmi was established, it had taken a proactive stance on selling on the global market so as to have a larger consumer population. Lee understood that Xmi has to produce in large quantities to survive as a business. Xmi USA was officially incorporated in Los Angeles, California on 27 April 2012 which will serve the markets in North America and South America. After Xmi USA's incorporation, Xmi has managed to double its revenue in 2012.
References
External links
2006 establishments in Singapore
Audio equipment manufacturers of Singapore
Loudspeaker manufacturers
Technology companies established in 2006
Singaporean brands
Zhang Chenglin (; Pinyin: Zhāng Chénglín; ; born 20 January 1987 in Bengbu) is a Chinese professional footballer who currently plays for Chinese Super League club Guangzhou F.C.
Club career
Zhang Chenglin started his football career with Shenyang Ginde when he first played in a league game against Liaoning FC on 14 August 2005 in a 1-1 draw. He would often be used as a versatile substitute for the next several seasons and was part of the squad that moved to Changsha while the club renamed themselves Changsha Ginde. It wasn't until the arrival of Zhu Bo as the club's manager before Zhang started to become a more regular starter for the club and he went on to score his first league goal against Guangzhou Pharmaceutical on 3 July 2009 in a 4-2 win. By the 2010 league season, Zhang would start to settle within the team's central defense by the newly appointed manager Miodrag Ješić and would even start to produce a steady partnership with Wang Qiang. However, this was little too late for the club and the team were relegated at the end of season.
Zhang then transferred to top tier side Shaanxi Chanba in December 2010 with his younger brother Zhang Chengxiang. He would go on to make his league debut for the club on 10 April 2011 against Shenzhen Ruby as a substitute for Li Chunyu in a 1-0 victory. After the game, he would then become a vital member within the team's defence and eventually go on to score his first goal for the club in a league game against Nanchang Hengyuan on 23 October 2011 in a 3-1 defeat. At the beginning of the 2012 season, Zhang followed the club when it decided to move to Guizhou and rename themselves Guizhou Renhe.
Zhang transferred to Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande on 29 November 2016. He made his debut on 10 March 2017 in a 2–1 away loss against Shandong Luneng Taishan, coming on as a substitute for Chen Zepeng in the 85th minute. On 1 August 2017, he scored his first goal for the club in the second leg of 2017 Chinese FA Cup fifth round against city rival Guangzhou R&F, which Guangzhou Evergrande won 7–2. On 28 October 2018, he scored his first league goal for Guangzhou in a 3–0 away win over Guizhou Hengfeng.
On 7 February 2019, Zhang was loaned to fellow first-tier club Tianjin Tianhai for the 2019 season. On 1 March 2019, he made his debut for the club in a 3–0 away defeat against his former club Guangzhou Evergrande.
International career
On 12 October 2010, Zhang made his debut for the Chinese national team when the national team manager Gao Hongbo called him up for a friendly against Uruguay, which Zhang came on as a substitute for Yang Hao in a 4-0 defeat.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played on 13 December 2021.
Honours
Club
Beijing Renhe
Chinese FA Cup: 2013
Chinese FA Super Cup: 2014
Guangzhou Evergrande
Chinese Super League: 2017
Chinese FA Super Cup: 2018
Personal life
Zhang's younger brother Zhang Chengxiang, also a professional footballer, has played with him at Changsha Ginde (2007–2010) and Guizhou Renhe (2011–2014).
References
External links
ZHANG CHENGLIN at Soccerway.com
1987 births
Living people
People from Bengbu
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Anhui
China international footballers
Changsha Ginde players
Beijing Renhe F.C. players
Guangzhou F.C. players
Tianjin Tianhai F.C. players
Wuhan F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Association football defenders
The Montana Public Service Commission (PSC) is a quasi-judicial regulatory board of elected officials in the U.S. state of Montana.
The PSC regulates private, investor-owned natural gas, electric, telephone, water and private sewer companies doing business in Montana. In addition, the PSC regulates intrastate railroads and certain motor carriers hauling regulated commodities. The PSC oversees natural gas pipeline safety regulations. There is a major effort by the legislature and commissioners to put social-media companies under PSC jurisdiction as well.
Commissioners
The Montana Public Service Commission, PSC, has since 1975 served as a five-member board with commissioners serving staggered four-year terms.
Democrat former District 3 Commissioner John Vincent of Gallatin Gateway and District 4 Commissioner Gail Gutsche, also a Democrat, lost their bids for a second term on the commission during the November 2012 election to Koopman and Hamilton, both Republicans. The 2012 election created the first all-Republican commission since its establishment in 1975 as a five-member commission.
Republican Brad Johnson, former Secretary of State of Montana, bested state Rep. Galen Hollenbaugh in the November 2014 election to fill the District 5 seat on the PSC. Commission Chairman Bill Gallagher, a Helena Republican, opted not to seek reelection to the seat amid an ongoing battle with pancreatic cancer, which he said could limit his ability to serve a second term on the commission.
Districts
The 5 districts of the Commission are separated by county as follows:
District 1:
Blaine, Cascade, Chouteau, Daniels, Dawson, Fergus, Garfield, Hill, Judith Basin, Liberty, Petroleum, Phillips, Richland, Sheridan, Roosevelt, Toole, Valley, Wibaux
District 2:
Big Horn, Carbon, Carter, Custer, Fallon, Powder River, Prairie, Rosebud, Treasure, Yellowstone
District 3:
Beaverhead, Broadwater, Deer Lodge, Gallatin, Golden Valley, Jefferson, Madison, Meagher, Musselshell, Park, Silver Bow, Stillwater, Wheatland
District 4:
Granite, Lincoln, Mineral, Missoula, Powell, Sanders, Ravalli
District 5:
Flathead, Glacier, Lake, Lewis and Clark, Pondera, Teton
How the agency works
The PSC's office is located at 1701 Prospect Ave. in Helena, Montana, where a staff of more than 30 employees, including economists, engineers, attorneys, rate analysts and others, work for the Department of Public Service Regulation. The agency works to "fairly balance the long-term interests of Montana utility and transportation companies and the customers they serve," according to the agency's Mission Statement. The department operates under the executive branch of Montana government, with the Public Service Commission overseeing the department, the Mission Statement states.
The commission generally meets once per week for its general business meeting — typically at 9:30 a.m. each Tuesday — with audio and video of the meeting streaming online at www.psc.mt.gov. Meeting times and dates may change depending on commissioners' travel schedules and the scheduling of other matters before the commission. Commission meetings are open to the public in the Bollinger Room at the PSC offices in Helena. The commission occasionally meets in executive session to discuss issues it, or the agency's attorneys, believe fall within the guidelines for closing a meeting per the state's open meeting laws. While the PSC is a public agency, utilities have the option to seek a protection order and request documents be held confidential by the commission, but must make a showing to the commission that the information meets guidelines for protection as outlined in section 38.2.5007 of the state of Montana's procedural rules for public service regulation.
Because the job is often complex and requires a thorough understanding of the utility industry, the commission relies on its staff for a wide range of research, data analysis and number crunching. The PSC's staff often appears before the commission during its weekly business meetings to discuss findings and research pertaining to matters before the commission.
The Public Service Commission likens the process of establishing utility rates to that of a banker considering a loan. While the agency doesn't loan money, "It analyzes the company's financial statements for accuracy, examines its operating practices to ensure efficiency, and reviews known future events that may affect the business."
The Commission's website, however, points out a significant contrast between the role of a banker and that of a commissioner:
"The banker would be pleased if a loan applicant could make very high profits. By law, the PSC must allow only those profits that are just and reasonable. In other words, the PSC must allow utilities an opportunity to earn just enough profit so that utility owners will have the incentives to provide adequate service to customers. No more, no less. It is this public interest protection that makes the PSC unique. The Montana Consumer Counsel, meanwhile, represents Montana consumers and intervenes on behalf of the ratepayers on issues before the Public Service Commission.
While the job of regulating utilities can be highly technical, the five commissioners and dozens of staff employees review filings made with the agency. Commissioners work within the agency from individual offices near the Capitol in Helena. Also housed within the agency are the Legal, Utility and Transportation/Centralized Services divisions. While agency employees typically live in the city of Helena, commissioners are elected from five districts across the state and often frequently travel back and forth between their home towns and the PSC offices, or make other arrangements that allow them to spend time at the agency's offices in Helena and to attend the commission's weekly meeting. Koopman and Vincent traded barbs during the 2012 election on the topic of commuting to the PSC from District 3 and meeting attendance.
PSC's approval of utility's $900M purchase of 11 hydroelectric assets
While the PSC has in previous years made headlines in Montana for its sometimes heated disagreements and personality conflicts, one regulatory issue remained at the forefront of the commission's agenda since late 2013. NorthWestern Energy on Oct. 11, 2013 notified the Commission that it planned to seek pre-approval from the Public Service Commission to purchase 11 hydroelectric facilities from PPL Montana, which the commission ultimately approved, with conditions, in its final order dated Sept. 26, 2014 (47-48). NorthWestern Energy in November 2014 said it had completed the transaction to purchase the 11 hydroelectric facilities with a price tag of $900 million, which translates into a 5.2 percent increase in residential power bills.
Commissioner Travis Kavulla concurred in part and dissented in part in the final order, which includes a more than 30-page dissenting opinion from the commissioner (56-89). Kavulla wrote that he dissents from pre-approval of the utility's purchase "for two basic reasons," but that he concurred with some portions of the final order (56). Kavulla argued that he's "skeptical of NorthWestern's valuation of the 11 hydroelectric dams and one storage reservoir (the Hydros) it wishes to purchase. A company ordinarily would have a strong incentive not to over-state the value of an asset it wishes to acquire. That is not the case here. The Commission's Order irrevocably places into consumer rates the $870 million NorthWestern has asked for. The price consumers pay over the next few decades for these assets should be rooted in valid estimates of the assets' market value, but it cannot simply be assumed that the purchase price represents a fair market value" (56).
Kavulla further states in his dissenting opinion that had NorthWestern Energy been required to "stand by the predictions it is making" on the valuation of the assets, that his skepticism might be lessened (57). Kavulla added, " Unfortunately, this Order divests the utility of almost all responsibility in this regard."
In a six-page concurring opinion also included in the final order, Commissioner Roger Koopman wrote that in his review of the utility's application to purchase the assets, he finally determined that "the benefits of the purchase clearly outweighed the risk, and joined the majority in supporting approval" (51). Still, Koopman said the utility had threatened to "undermine" the process by saying it would "walk away from the deal" if the commission sought to make substantive changes. "This threat of termination was ubiquitous, and was expressed in terms that limited Commission prerogatives and afforded commissioners as little room to maneuver as possible" (52). Koopman added that he doesn't agree with everything in the order, but that for the most part he believes the utility's purchase of the assets is "in the public interest" (54). He also wrote in his opinion that a large amount of information in the application and review process "stood on estimations, projects and judgement calls" and that it is difficult to gauge the final outcome of the commission's final order (54). Koopman wrote in the order, "We live in the present, trying to predict the future from whatever facts we have at hand. Those predictions will already be inaccurate 24 hours from now, based on events over which we have no control. We must rely on the collective wisdom of 5 commissioners and 35 dedicated staff, and on the expressed desires of the people of Montana. It is a process that, while far from perfect, works quite well" (55).
References
External links
Montana Public Service Commission Website
Montana
State agencies of Montana
Alice Muthoni Gichuru, who writes as Muthoni wa Gichuru, is a Kenyan writer of fiction for children and young adults, as well as short stories.
Life
Muthoni wa Gichuru grew up in Matanya, a small village in Nanyuki. As a child she recalls her father reading to her from a Gikuyu book titled Kamina na Kamina. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in information sciences from Moi University.
Gichuru's husband, Joseph Kamau, encouraged her to start writing stories in 2002. Her first published book, Breaking the Silence (2009), was runner-up for the 2011 Jomo Kenyatta Prize for Literature in the English-language youth category. The Carving (2019) was the winner of the 2018 CODE Burt Prize for African Young Adult Literature in Kenya.
Works
Breaking the Silence. Nairobi: East African Educational Publishers, 2009.
The Hidden Package. Nairobi, Kenya: East African Educational Publishers Ltd., 2016.
The Other side and Other stories : Nairobi, Kenya:Storymoja Publishers., 2016
The Bitter Sweet and Other Stories : Nairobi, Kenya:Storymoja Publishers., 2016
The Scary Trip and Other Stories : Nairobi, Kenya:Storymoja Publishers., 2016
Beyond the Barricades. Nairobi, Kenya: East African Educational Publishers Limited, 2016.
Moon Scapes: Short Stories and Poetry. 2017.
The Carving. Nairobi, Kenya : Longhorn Publishers, 2019.
Smart Sidi and the Poem. Nairobi, Kenya : Longhorn Publishers, 2019.
Smart Sidi and the lost ball. Nairobi, Kenya : Longhorn Publishers, 2019.
Smart Sidi and the play house. Nairobi, Kenya : Longhorn Publishers, 2019.
Kefa's Quest. Phoenix Arizona, USA : Worlds Unknown Publishers, 2020.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Kenyan children's writers
Kenyan women children's writers
21st-century Kenyan writers
21st-century Kenyan women writers
Moi University alumni
Becoming Zlatan () is a 2015 Swedish independent coming-of age sports documentary about Swedish International association football player Zlatan Ibrahimović. The film was directed by brothers Fredrik and Magnus Gertten and follows Ibrahimović through his formative years with football clubs Malmö FF and AFC Ajax all the way to his break through with Juventus F.C. in 2005.
The film has been featured at several film festivals including the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam, Helsinki Documentary Film Festival and the Rouen Nordic Film Festival.
Synopsis
The film tells the story of Swedish association football player Zlatan Ibrahimović, during his formative years, through archival footage, including rare interviews with a young Ibrahimović where he speaks about his personal life and the obstacles he has met along the way. The film follows Ibrahimović from his debut with the Swedish club Malmö FF in 1999, his turbulent years with the Dutch club AFC Ajax, all the way up to his breakthrough with the Italian football club Juventus F.C. The film traces his life as a troubled youth with seemingly insurmountable challenges stemming from his private life, up until joining the global stage as an international star. As a talented young player, Ibrahimović is faced with constant pressure of living up to his expectations, while balancing the challenges he faces at home and in his career path.
Cast
Marco van Basten as Himself
Leo Beenhakker as Himself
Hasse Borg as Himself
Fabio Capello as Himself
David Endt as Himself
Jan van Halst as Himself
Ahmed Hossam Hussein Abdelhamid as Himself
Zlatan Ibrahimović as Himself
Ronald Koeman as Himself
Jari Litmanen as Himself
Andy van der Meyde as Himself
Luciano Moggi as Himself
Yksel Osmanovski as Himself
See also
Cinema of Sweden
References
External links
2015 films
Swedish documentary films
Swedish association football films
Films set in Sweden
Films set in the Netherlands
Films set in Italy
2010s sports films
2015 documentary films
Documentary films about association football
Malmö FF
AFC Ajax
Juventus F.C. in popular culture
Dutch-language films
2010s English-language films
2010s Italian-language films
2010s Swedish-language films
2015 multilingual films
Swedish multilingual films
2010s Swedish films
Farnham Pottery is located in Wrecclesham near Farnham, Surrey. This is one of the best preserved examples of a working Victorian country pottery left in England and is a grade II listed building. Its significance in the local area is shown by it featuring on the emblem of Wrecclesham Cricket Club.
History
A major pottery industry has existed in the Farnham area since Roman times and in the 16th century supplied London with a substantial part of its pottery requirements. In the Middle Ages, Farnham clay was shipped by river to Kingston upon Thames and surrounding villages, where it was potted; collectively this is known as "Surrey whiteware". A letter in 1594 mentions that white clay was dug in Farnham Park to make drinking vessels used by lawyers at the Inner Temple in London. At its height, the pottery operated its own clay pits, had four working kilns and employed up to thirty men. A lightweight tramway connected the pits to the pottery, with tubs being pushed along the temporary tracks.
In 1872 it was owned by Absalom Harris. The early work was utility wares including drainpipes and tiles. Around 1880, he was asked to copy a French vase. After many trials, Harris managed to produce a reasonable example using a lead glaze made green by the addition of copper oxide.
After that, the production of art pottery featured more prominently in the company's agenda, and Farnham Greenware, as it was known, established itself. A strong connection with Farnham School of Art was formed.
W. H. Allen designed for Farnham Pottery from the turn of the century until 1943. The pots were sold at Heals and Liberty. The company was widely known for its 'owl jugs' which were produced up to the 1950s.
The pottery is now no longer owned by the Harris family. Farnham Buildings Preservation Trust (FBPT) bought the site in 1998 and they have their own group of potters (West Street Potters) producing pottery there. The pottery still contains many examples of the original moulds and a number of local houses were built using architectural fittings made on this site.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
Farnham Pottery
Farnham
Grade II listed buildings in Surrey
English pottery
Art pottery
Justin de Haas (born 1 February 2000) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender for Prva HNL side Lokomotiva Zagreb.
References
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Zaanstad
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Eerste Divisie players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Croatian Football League players
Jong AZ players
Jong PSV players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb II players
NK Lokomotiva Zagreb players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Frog Juice is a card game that was published by Gamewright in 1995.
Gameplay
Frog Juice is a card game in which players capture cards to obtain enough ingredients to make a potion.
Reviews
In the January 1996 edition of Dragon (Issue #225), Rick Swan called this "a charming little card game, easy enough for kids, yet engaging enough for undemanding grown-ups."
References
Card games introduced in 1995
Gamewright Games games
Erigeron ovinus is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, called the sheep fleabane. It has been found only in the southeastern part of the US state of Nevada (Clark County + Lincoln County).
Erigeron ovinus is a perennial herb up to 15 centimeters (6 inches) tall, with a large taproot, forming clumps of many individuals close together. Leaves are pinnatifid with long narrow lobes. The plant generally produces one or two flower heads per stem, each head with numerous yellow disc florets but no ray florets. The species grows on ridges and in cracks in rocks in conifer woodlands.
The oldest name for this plant is Erigeron caespitosus subsp. anactis. Conquist in 1947 sought to raise this from subspecies to the level of species, but opted to forgo the common (but not mandatory) practice of using the subspecific epithet as a species epithet. He chose a new epithet instead, ovinus.
References
Flora of Nevada
ovinus
Plants described in 1922
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Kenneth McKinnon House, also known as the McKinnon-McArthur-Kinlaw-Johnson House, is a historic home located near St. Pauls, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was built about 1840, and is a two-story, timber frame dwelling with Greek Revival style interior design elements. It rests on a brick pier foundation, has a side-gable roof, and exterior end chimneys. At the rear is a one-story end-gable kitchen/dining room addition. The front facade features an overhanging second story, thereby creating a full-width, recessed first-story porch.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival houses in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1840
Houses in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
Forrestal or Forristal (Irish: Ó Fuireastal) is an ancient Irish surname from the southeast of Ireland, and still exists today primarily in the counties of Kilkenny, Wexford and Waterford.
Alternate spellings
The name has been spelled in many different forms, all of which are related to the same family including; Forristal, Forrestal, Forristal, Forestal, Forrestall, Foristal, and in medieval times, Forstall (a name still used in present-day Louisiana). Forestell is a variation found in Canada. Also, in Gaelic Irish as Ó Fuireastal (pronounced Furristhawl), Mac Fuireastal, Mac Coillte, Ó Coillte, and Mac An Choill.
History and ancestry
The Forristals were rooted in Glenmore parish, County Kilkenny, where they held several castles, some of which were located at Forristalstown, Carrickcloney and Mullenahone.
The family is listed in the medieval records of Kilkenny, Wexford, and Waterford. They are shown aligning themselves through marriage with the Catholic nobility of Ireland through marriage alliances with the FitzGeralds, Aylwards, Cantwells, O'Bolgers, Butlers of Ormond and O'Kennedys, which through these marriages they share common ancestors and bloodlines. Many of the modern day Forrestals descend from these noble unions.
The family motto, "In corda inimicorum regis", is likely taken from the Latin Vulgate's rendering of Psalm 45:5, and means "in the hearts of the king's enemies." In modern translation, the full verse is: "Let your sharp arrows pierce the hearts of the king's enemies; let the nations fall beneath your feet" (New International Version).
People
Elaine Forrestal (born 1941), Australian children's writer
James Forrestal, (1892–1949), First United States Secretary of Defense
Michael Forrestal, one of the leading aides to McGeorge Bundy, the national security adviser of President John F. Kennedy
Laurence Forristal, (1931-2018) Irish Roman Catholic prelate who served as the Bishop of Ossory from 1981 to 2007.
Desmond Forristal, Irish priest, writer and filmmaker.
Scott Forstall, American software engineer, best known for leading the original software development team for the iPhone and iPad.
Edmund J. Forstall, developer of the Forstall System in 1842 in Louisiana
Michael Forrestall, Canadian Senator & Member of Parliament
Roger Forstall Sweetman, Irish born Newfoundland Politician
References
External links
Forrestal History: Resource Dedicated to the History of the Forrestal Family
Surnames of Irish origin
Irish families
Megalota fallax is a moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in Thailand, India, Sri Lanka and Laos.
References
Moths described in 1909
Olethreutini
Faster Pussycat is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985 by vocalist Taime Downe, guitarists Brent Muscat and Greg Steele and bassist Kelly Nickels. The group has since gone through numerous line-up changes leaving Downe as the only constant member. They broke up in 1993, but reformed in 2001. Faster Pussycat has released four studio albums to date: Faster Pussycat (1987), Wake Me When It's Over (1989), Whipped! (1992) and The Power and the Glory Hole (2006). They were a successful and influential hard rock band during the late 1980s and early 1990s, having sold over two million records worldwide.
History
Early years (1985–1987)
Faster Pussycat was formed in Hollywood by Taime Downe during the glam metal and glam punk boom of the 1980s. The earliest incarnation of the band featured Downe and Greg Steele along with Brent Muscat. The name of the band is derived from the Russ Meyer film Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!.
After multiple early personnel changes, Faster Pussycat consisted of Downe (vocals), Steele (guitar), Muscat (guitar), Kelly Nickels (bass) and Mark Michals (drums).
Just before the band recorded their debut album, Nickels got into a motorcycle accident and broke his leg in seven places. He was replaced by Eric Stacy from Champagne Darling Cool. Shortly thereafter, Nickels joined L.A. Guns.
Rise to fame and break-up (1987–1993)
The band signed a record contract with Elektra Records, which released their debut album Faster Pussycat in 1987. The band established a following among heavy metal, glam rock and sleaze rock fans, mainly through two promotional videos from the first album for the songs "Bathroom Wall" and "Don't Change That Song". In November 1987, the band appeared on the cover of Screamer Magazines debut issue. In the United States the band toured with Alice Cooper, David Lee Roth and Motörhead in support of the album.
Also in 1987, Faster Pussycat appeared in the rockumentary film The Decline of Western Civilization part 2 - The Metal Years. The band was interviewed and performed live versions of "Cathouse" and "Bathroom Wall".
Two years later, Faster Pussycat recorded their most successful album, Wake Me When It's Over. The album earned "Gold" status from the RIAA. Sales were mainly driven by the hit single "House of Pain". Music videos were produced for "House of Pain" and "Poison Ivy". While the band was touring for the album in 1990, drummer Mark Michals was arrested in Omaha, Nebraska and fired from the band after signing for a package of heroin addressed to himself. Frankie Banali of Quiet Riot filled in as drummer for the remainder of the tour, after which Brett Bradshaw became the long-term drummer. Tours with Kiss and Mötley Crüe followed.
In 1990, the band recorded a cover of Carly Simon's "You're So Vain" for a compilation called Rubáiyát: Elektra's 40th Anniversary and filmed a video. The song was later included on the 1992 Belted, Buckled And Booted EP.
In 1992, the band released their third album, Whipped!, which peaked at number 90 on the chart.
In 1993, Faster Pussycat parted ways with Stacy and hired Aaron Abellira to replace him. They embarked on a warmup tour, an American tour and then some shows in Japan. Most of the shows were sold out. They also played one last sold-out show in Hollywood at the Hollywood Palace.
A few weeks after returning to the U.S., Faster Pussycat broke up, its members going their separate ways.
Downe was involved with industrial musical act Pigface, before forming his own industrial rock act with Kyle Kyle of Bang Tango called the Newlydeads.
Reunion and change of musical style (2001–2005)
In 2001, Faster Pussycat reformed with original members Downe (vocals), Muscat (guitar) and Steele (guitar), alongside Downe's former Newlydeads bandmates Xristian Simon (guitar), Danny Nordahl (bass) and Chad Stewart (drums). Nordahl had also played in the Throbs, and Nordahl and Chad Stewart also both play in Motochrist.
A remix compilation, Between the Valley of the Ultra Pussy, was released the same year, featuring industrial-rock remixes of the band's classic tracks, along with a bonus cover of Kiss's "I Was Made For Loving You". However, this divided fans, as many of the older fanbase who enjoyed standard hard rock were not familiar with industrial rock.
Steele left the band halfway through the 2001 headlining reunion tour. Tracii Guns filled in as guitarist for the rest of the tour, after which Faster Pussycat continued as a five-piece. Eric Griffin from Murderdolls, Synical and (later) Wednesday 13 filled in as guitarist for the American tour, as Muscat's scheduling conflicts prevented him from participating. Muscat returned briefly, until oral cancer sidelined him in late summer of 2005, and he was temporarily replaced by Michael Thomas, an arrangement that would become permanent when Muscat chose not to return to the line-up.
Name dispute and Brent Muscat's Faster Pussycat line-up (2006–2007)
In December 2006, three former original Faster Pussycat members, Brent Muscat, Eric Stacy and Brett Bradshaw, along with Underground Rebels vocalist Kurt Frohlich and Sin City Sinners guitarist Todd Kerns, began performing under the name Faster Pussycat, creating two versions of the band, both claiming to be the original. Muscat claimed that this was to allow fans to hear Faster Pussycat tracks played the way they were originally recorded, as opposed to the industrial-rock version of the band that he said Downe continued to front. Muscat also made a legal claim to the name Faster Pussycat.
Muscat's Faster Pussycat line-up agreed to play the AVN Awards after-party at the Dive Bar in Las Vegas, Nevada. According to a press release, the band—which did not include Downe—would perform "all classic tracks, no remixes, no B.S."
Downe posted a bulletin on Myspace saying Faster Pussycat was not playing in Las Vegas and that Muscat's version was a "tribute band." Muscat responded that he donated all his earnings from the gig, and planned to donate a portion of any future earnings, to cancer research. In various interviews, Downe disputed Muscat's version of events and indicated that the issue was being dealt with via the courts.
In February 2007, Brent issued this statement on his Myspace blog:
In a March 2007 interview with an Italian publication, Muscat stated:
On April 21, 2007, Muscat circulated via Myspace an open invitation to Downe and Steele to reunite, along with Stacy and Bradshaw. There was no response from Downe. Brent's version of Faster Pussycat toured Europe in Spring 2007 with Frohlich replacing Downe on vocals along with Kerns on guitar.
In July 2007, Muscat decided to drop the battle to use the name Faster Pussycat, and has since started a band called Sin City Sinners. Brent has stated in an interview that "Faster Pussycat is dead."
Downe continued with the name Faster Pussycat, performing at Rocklahoma in July 2007. During the band's set, Downe went on a tirade, referencing Muscat's cancer and stating his wish that Muscat would die, which received a poor reception from both the crowd and journalists. He then cut the set short and left the stage without playing several of the band's biggest hits.
Recent times (2008–present)
Faster Pussycat toured the U.S. in the summer of 2008 with Tracii Guns' version of LA Guns.
In the late spring of 2010, Ace Von Johnson replaced Michael Thomas, who was devoting his full-time work to Adler's Appetite.
In late 2013, Faster Pussycat's current line-up went on tour, performing mainly in clubs, bars and university venues. While the band's past problems had shrunk their audiences, the 2013 shows received positive reviews.
During an August 15, 2015 performance at the Cathouse, Brent Muscat, Eric Stacy, and Greg Steele from the classic line-up joined Downe and his then-current incarnation of the band on stage to perform "Bathroom Wall" and "Babylon."
In September 2020, Faster Pussycat posted a picture of themselves in the studio on Facebook, working on what appears to be new material.
Former drummer Brett Bradshaw died unexpectedly on March 26, 2021, at age 50.
Band members
Current members
Taime Downe – lead vocals, guitar, programming, harmonica, tambourine (1985–1993, 2001–present)
Danny Nordahl – bass, backing vocals (2001–present)
Chad Stewart – drums, percussion, backing vocals (2001–present)
David Lorge (Captain Badges) – vocals / songwriting (1986–1987)
Sam Bam Koltun – guitar, mandolin, talkbox, backing vocals (2019–present)
Ronnie Simmons – guitar (2021–present)
Former members
Brent Muscat – guitar, acoustic guitar, sitar, percussion, talkbox, backing vocals (1985–1993, 2001–2005, 2015)
Greg Steele – guitar, acoustic guitar mandolin, keyboards, piano, backing vocals (1985–1993, 2001, 2015)
Mark Michals – drums, percussion, backing vocals (1985–1990)
Walt "Walta" Adams – bass (1985-1986)
Kelly Nickels – bass (1986–1987)
Eric Stacy – bass, fretless bass, backing vocals (1987–1993, 2015)
Brett Bradshaw – drums, percussion, backing vocals (1990–1993; died 2021)
Aaron Abellira – bass (1993)
Michael Thomas – guitar (2005–2010)
Ace Von Johnson – guitar (2010–2020)
Dish – drums, percussion (2005)
Xristian Simon – guitar (2001–2021)
Touring members
Frankie Banali – drums, percussion (1990; died 2020)
Tracii Guns – guitar, backing vocals (2001–2002)
Eric Griffin – guitar (2005)
Sam Bam Koltun – guitar, backing vocals (2019–Present)
Danny Nordahl- bass, backing vocals (2001–Present)
Chad Stewart - drums, percussion (2001–Present)
Ronnie Simmons - Guitar, backing vocals (2021–Present)
Taime Downe - Lead Vocals, Guitar (1985–Present)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
Front Row for the Donkey Show (2009)
EPs
Live and Rare (1990)
Belted, Buckled and Booted (1992) // 25,000+ US
Compilations
Between the Valley of the Ultra Pussy (2001)
Greatest Hits: Faster Pussycat (2003)
Singles
References
External links
Faster Pussycat official website
1986 establishments in California
American industrial rock musical groups
Elektra Records artists
Glam metal musical groups from California
Glam punk groups
Hard rock musical groups from California
Heavy metal musical groups from California
Musical groups established in 1986
Musical groups disestablished in 1993
Musical groups reestablished in 2001
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Punk rock groups from California
Hoinkes Peak is a sharp rock peak, high, standing at the head of Henderson Glacier, where it forms part of the west wall of the glacier, in the Heritage Range, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1961 to 1966, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Herfried C. Hoinkes, a meteorologist at Little America V Station in 1957.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Peterd () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Leptocytheridae is a family of ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida.
Genera
Genera:
Aenigmocythere Bonaduce, Masoli & Pugliese, 1976
Amnicythere Devoto, 1965
Bisulcocythere Ayress & Swanson, 1991
References
Ostracods
Linn County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 230,299, making it the second-most populous county in Iowa. The county seat is Cedar Rapids. Linn County is named in honor of Senator Lewis F. Linn of Missouri. Linn County is included in the Cedar Rapids, IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The earliest inhabitants of Linn County, prior to Anglo settlement, were the Sac and Fox tribes. Relations were described by 20th century historians as amicable. Native Americans provided food and furs to whites in exchange for merchandise.
Linn County was created as a named but unorganized area on December 21, 1837, as a part of Wisconsin Territory. It became part of Iowa Territory on July 4, 1838, when the territory was organized. Linn County was organized by the first legislative assembly of the Iowa Territory on January 15, 1839. A site was selected for its first county seat along Indian Creek, and was named Marion, after the Revolutionary War general Francis Marion. As early as 1855, there were debates over moving the county seat to the fast-growing Cedar Rapids, southwest of Marion, but it was not until November 6, 1919, that there were enough votes in favor of the move (9,960 to 4,823). The first rail line was built through Cedar Rapids in 1859, and made the town (and the county) a major commercial hub in eastern Iowa.
Many areas of the county were damaged by the flooding of Cedar River in June 2008, and again during the August 2020 Midwest derecho.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 380
Iowa Highway 27
U.S. Highway 30
U.S. Highway 151
U.S. Highway 218
Iowa Highway 1
Iowa Highway 13
Adjacent counties
Benton County (west)
Buchanan County (northwest)
Cedar County (southeast)
Delaware County (northeast)
Iowa County (southwest)
Johnson County (south)
Jones County (east)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 230,299 in the county, with a population density of . 94.04% of the population reported being of one race. There were 101,230 housing units, of which 94,751 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 211,226 in the county, with a population density of . There were 92,251 housing units, of which 86,134 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 191,701 people, 76,753 households, and 50,349 families in the county. The population density was . There were 80,551 housing units at an average density of 112 per square mile (43/km2). The racial makup of the county was 93.90% White, 2.57% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 1.37% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.46% from other races, and 1.44% from two or more races. 1.42%. were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 76,753 households 31.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.20% were married couples living together, 9.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.40% were non-families. 27.50% of households were one person and 8.90% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.99.
Age spread: 25.30% under the age of 18, 10.10% from 18 to 24, 30.30% from 25 to 44, 22.10% from 45 to 64, and 12.20% 65 or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.40 males.
The median household income was $46,206 and the median family income was $56,494. Males had a median income of $38,525 versus $26,403 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,977. About 4.30% of families and 6.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.60% of those under age 18 and 6.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government
On July 24, 2007, the voters of Linn County approved a measure to change the form of government from a three-member Board of Supervisors elected at large to a five-member Board of Supervisors elected by district. The supervisors serve overlapping four-year terms.
The current supervisors are:
The Board of Supervisors operate as both the executive and legislative branches of Linn County government. The following departments report directly to the Board of Supervisors: Communications, Community Services, Engineering/Secondary Road, Facilities, Finance and Budget, Human Resources, Information Technology, LIFTS (para-transit), Planning and Development, Policy and Administration, Purchasing, Risk Management, Soil and Water Conservation, Sustainability, and Veteran Affairs. Conservation and Public Health report to independent boards appointed by the Board of Supervisors. The County Attorney, Auditor, Recorder, Sheriff and Treasurer are elected separately.
Communities
Cities
Alburnett
Bertram
Cedar Rapids
Center Point
Central City
Coggon
Ely
Fairfax
Hiawatha
Lisbon
Marion
Mount Vernon
Palo
Prairieburg
Robins
Springville
Walford
Walker
Unincorporated communities
Covington
Lafayette
Toddville
Troy Mills
Waubeek
Western
Whittier
Viola
Ghost towns
Ivanhoe
Townships
Bertram
Boulder
Brown
Buffalo
Clinton
College
Fairfax
Fayette
Franklin
Grant
Jackson
Linn
Maine
Marion
Monroe
Otter Creek
Putnam
Spring Grove
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Linn County.
† county seat
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Linn County, Iowa
USS Linn County (LST-900)
References
External links
Linn County government's website
The History of Linn county, Iowa
History of Linn County Iowa by Luther A. Brewer and Barthinius L. Wick
1839 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1839
Cedar Rapids, Iowa metropolitan area
Francesco Antonucci (born 20 June 1999) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Volendam, on loan from Feyenoord.
A Belgium youth international, Antonucci played in the academies of Anderlecht and Ajax, before being signed by Monaco in 2017. He made his breakthrough on loan at FC Volendam, earning a transfer to Feyenoord in August 2020.
Club career
Monaco
Antonucci played in the youth of La Louvière Centre, Charleroi, Anderlecht and Ajax. In the winter break of the 2016–17 season he moved to Monaco. At Monaco, he played for the second team, competing in the Championnat National 2, the fourth tier of the French football league system.
Loan to Volendam
Ahead of the 2019–20 season, Antonucci was sent on a one-season loan to Dutch second-tier Eerste Divisie club FC Volendam, where he made his professional debut on 13 September 2019, a 1–1 home draw against FC Dordrecht. He came on for Alex Plat in the 74th minute. A week later, he made his debut in the starting lineup in the Vissersderby against SC Telstar and immediately scored his first senior goal, the first of the match off an assist from Kevin Visser, in a match that Volendam eventually won 2–1. In the second period of the Eerste Divisie season, Antonucci really started to find his feet in manager Wim Jonk's team, as Volendam won eight matches in a row and thus took a period title, qualifying them for promotion play-offs. In the deciding match, against MVV Maastricht (4–1 win), Antonucci scored. Throughout the season, Antonucci would become one of the defining players of the Volendam team, as he scored six goals and made three assists in the months of December and January alone. In March 2020, he was named "Best Talent" of the third period. Shortly afterwards, all football activity was suspended in the Netherlands due to the COVID-19 pandemic. At that time, Antonucci was joint club top goalscorer alongside Martijn Kaars.
Feyenoord
Second loan to Volendam
Antonucci returned to AS Monaco in early June 2020, as the 2019–20 season had been officially cancelled in Dutch football. In August 2020, Antonucci signed a four-year contract with an option of another year with Eredivisie club Feyenoord, with part of the deal being Antonucci playing another year on loan at Volendam. He continued his strong play and finished the 2020–21 season as the Volendam player with the most assists (11). Antonucci and Volendam qualified for the play-offs for promotion, but NAC Breda proved too strong.
Return to Feyenoord
At the end of the 2020–21 season, Antonucci returned to Feyenoord. On 22 July 2021, he made his debut for the club as a substitute in a qualifying match for the UEFA Europa Conference League against Drita. In stoppage time, Antonucci struck the post and could thus not prevent the match from ending in a 0–0 draw.
Third loan to Volendam
On 6 January 2022, Antonucci was sent on his third loan to Volendam, signing a six-month loan deal. If the club were to win promotion to the Eredivisie, the loan would be automatically extended one season. Volendam was promoted and the loan was extended for 2022–23.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Belgium profile at Belgian FA
1999 births
Living people
Belgian people of Italian descent
Belgian footballers
Belgian expatriate footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Championnat National 2 players
Belgian First Division A players
UR La Louvière Centre players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
AFC Ajax players
AS Monaco FC players
FC Volendam players
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1961 season.
Overview
It was contested by 4 teams, and KÍ Klaksvík won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Desmond N'Ze Kouassi (born 17 April 1989) known as Desmond N'Ze or just Desmond in Japan, is a former professional footballer who played as a centre-back. Born in Ghana, he is a naturalized Italian citizen.
Career
Hellas Verona
N'Ze made his debut for Hellas Verona on 18 November 2006, coming on as a 27th-minute substitute in his side's 3-0 loss to Rimini. La Gazzetta dello Sport gave a 6 out of 10 score for his debut.
Inter Milan
After just one appearance for Hellas Verona first team, N'Ze signed for the reserve team of Inter Milan in January 2008 on an 18-month contract.
Avellino
After failing to make any appearances for the Inter Milan first team, Desmond signed for Serie B side Avellino in co-ownership deal. His debut was on 20 September 2008, coming on as an 85th-minute substitute is his side's 2-1 loss to AlbinoLeffe. N'Ze was an unused bench in 2008–09 Coppa Italia on 20 August; the club was eliminated by Reggiana. N'Ze made a total of ten appearances for the side in Serie B. In June 2009 Inter give up to remain 50% registration rights to Avellino. However Avellino bankrupted at the start of season.
Valle del Giovenco
In January 2010, Desmond joined Valle del Giovenco. He made his debut on 17 January 2010, drawing 0-0 to Portosummaga; La Gazzetta rated his debut 7 out of 10 scores. However, he only played 5 more times for VdG. The team also bankrupted at the start of next season.
Milazzo
In March 2011 N'Ze joined Milazzo. He made his debut on 27 March 2011 against Vibonese. In the next season N'Ze played all 4 games in 2011–12 Coppa Italia Lega Pro and 19 games in 2011–12 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
Once again Milazzo bankrupted in July 2012.
Fujieda MYCFC
In August 2012, Desmond joined Japan Football League side Fujieda MYFC. He made his debut on 16 September 2012, playing the whole ninety minutes as Fujieda MYFC drew 0–0 with Zweigen Kanazawa. On 20 January 2014, he left the club.
FC Gifu
In January 2013, Desmond joined FC Gifu on loan to the end of 2013. He made his debut on 3 March 2013 against Yokohama FC, losing the game 2-0. On 31 March 2013, he was sent off after receiving two yellow cards in Gifu's 3-0 loss to Tokyo Verdy. He scored his first goal for the club on 17 April 2013, scoring in a 3-2 loss against Kataller Toyama.
Return to Fujieda MYFC
On 1 May 2014, Fujieda MYFC announced that they had re-signed Desmond to play in their inaugural season in the J3 League. On 4 August 2014, it was announced that Desmond had left the club.
Personal life
He also holds Italian nationality. His brother Marcus N'Ze is also a professional footballer.
In 2014, N'Ze began working for his friend Mario Balotelli as a personal assistant. He was notably his personal chauffeur at Liverpool, being frequently spotted sleeping in the passenger seat of Balotelli's Ferrari in Melwood's car park, waiting for his friend to finish training.
Career statistics
References
External links
AIC profile (data by football.it)
Italian footballers
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Inter Milan players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
S.S. Milazzo players
Fujieda MYFC players
FC Gifu players
Serie B players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Japan Football League players
Association football central defenders
Ghanaian emigrants to Italy
Italian sportspeople of African descent
Naturalised citizens of Italy
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Italian expatriates in Japan
1989 births
Living people
Old Gimmestad Church () is a former (historic) parish church of the Church of Norway in Gloppen Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Sørstranda. It was once the church for the Gimmestad parish which is part of the Nordfjord prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Bjørgvin, but it now serves mostly as a museum. The red, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1692 by an unknown architect. The church seats about 80 people.
The church was in regular use until 1910 when the new Gimmestad Church was completed. Since 1910, the church has been preserved as a historic site and is occasionally used for religious services or weddings.
History
The earliest existing historical records of the church date back to the year 1308, but it was not a new church at that time. The first church in Gimmestad was a wooden stave church. In 1650, the old church was in such poor condition that it was decided to tear down the old building and to rebuild a new church on the same site. So, in 1652 the old church was torn down and a new timber-framed building was constructed. Unfortunately, the new building was not a high quality building because in December 1690, the church took on significant damage during a winter storm, with the wind severely damaging the building. In 1692, the church was torn down and replaced with a new building on the same site.
The building from 1692 still stands today. It is representative of typical Norwegian church architecture from the period after the Reformation. Although changes were made to its walls, the church has retained most of its original features. The most significant change was made around 1720, when the church was painted red and embellished with flower motifs. During that same renovation project the ceiling was painted blue and stars were drawn on it. At the back of the church building is a christening house or front house. In the old days, babies were christened in this room. It was the custom in those days to then carry the baby from this room to the altar.
By the early 1900s, the church was too small for the congregation and many in the parish chose to attend the larger Vereide Church on the other side of the fjord. In 1902, the Church Ministry decided that the church should be torn down and replaced, but due to local opposition, the church was preserved as a museum and a new church was to be built nearby. In 1910, the new Gimmestad Church was built about to the east, closer to the fjord. After the new church was completed in 1910, it became the main church for the parish and the old church was taken out of regular use. It is now used mostly as a museum, but on special occasions it is still used as a church. In 1914–1915, the old church was restored according to plans by Kristen Rivertz. In the 1960s, the church was restored again according to plans by Egill Reimers, and Bjørn Kaland restored the interior painting and decorations on the walls and ceiling.
Media gallery
See also
List of churches in Bjørgvin
References
Gloppen
Churches in Vestland
Long churches in Norway
Wooden churches in Norway
17th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1692
13th-century establishments in Norway
Jahangir Khan (; born 3 October 2000) is a professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Southern. Born in Pakistan, he plays for the Hong Kong national team.
Early life
Born in Pakistan, Khan moved to Hong Kong at the age of 10.
Club career
Happy Valley
In August 2019, Khan was signed professionally by Happy Valley and was registered as a foreign player to play in the HKPL.
On 8 September 2020, Khan received his HKSAR passport, making him eligible to be registered as a local player in Hong Kong.
Southern
On 3 July 2021, Khan joined Southern.
He played 4 games as substitutes for the club in HKPL and featured 9 times in Sapling Cup with 2 goals in his first season in Southern.
International career
On 1 June 2022, Khan made his international debut for Hong Kong in the friendly match against Malaysia which makes him the first South Asian born player to represent Hong Kong.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
International
References
External links
Living people
2000 births
Sportspeople from Attock
Hong Kong footballers
Hong Kong international footballers
Pakistani footballers
Naturalized footballers of Hong Kong
Hong Kong people of Pakistani descent
Pakistani emigrants to Hong Kong
Pakistani expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Hong Kong First Division League players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Happy Valley AA players
Southern District FC players
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Bình Triệu station is a subsidiary station of Saigon station. A high speed line is scheduled for completion to take traffic congestion away from Saigon.
See also
Phan Thiết station
References
Railway stations in Vietnam
The 1903–04 season was East Stirlingshire Football Club's fourth season in the Scottish Football League, being admitted to the Scottish Football League Second Division. The club also competed in the minor Stirlingshire Cup.
Fixtures and results
Scottish Second Division
Table
Results by round
Other
Stirlingshire Cup
See also
List of East Stirlingshire F.C. seasons
References
External links
East Stirlingshire FC official site
East Stirlingshire F.C. seasons
East Stirlingshire
Clear Lake is a mountain lake southeast of Portland, Oregon, United States in Mount Hood National Forest. It can be seen from flights in the region as a bird-shaped body of water.
It is south of Mount Hood and northeast of Timothy Lake, near the junction of U.S. Route 26 and Skyline Road at the latter's northern terminus. It is near the northwest corner of Wasco County. The Pacific Crest Trail is 4 km (2 mi) west of the lake.
It is fed by several small streams of the eastern Cascade crest. It is the headwaters of Clear Creek, a tributary of the White River, blocked at the east end by the Wasco Dam. The earthen dam was a 1959 irrigation project of the United States Bureau of Reclamation, 59 feet high and 1901 feet long at its crest.
Clear Lake Butte is a butte south of the lake, and defines the northwest corner of Warm Springs Indian Reservation. The lake is known for abundant fish and its windy conditions. The banks are edged by tree stumps and free range cattle tracks. The campground has 28 established spots and an overflow area.
See also
Clear Lake (Oregon), for other lakes with the name
List of lakes in Oregon
References
Lakes of Oregon
Lakes of Wasco County, Oregon
Protected areas of Wasco County, Oregon
Mount Hood National Forest
Vaso Komnenić (, born 15 May 1955 in Kosovska Mitrovica), is a retired Serbian and Yugoslav high jumper.
He represented Yugoslavia at the 1980 Summer Olympics and won 6th place in high jump. He was a member of Red Start athletics club.
References
Sports Reference
Living people
1955 births
Sportspeople from Mitrovica, Kosovo
Serbian male high jumpers
Yugoslav male high jumpers
Olympic athletes of Yugoslavia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Kosovo Serbs
The Perry County Courthouse is a historic government building in the city of New Lexington, Ohio, United States. Built near the end of the nineteenth century after the end of a county seat war, it is the fifth courthouse to serve Perry County, and it has been named a historic site because of its imposing architecture.
History
After Perry County was established in 1817, the county commissioners and courts met for their first two years at John Fink's tavern on the eastern side of Somerset at the corner of Main Street (the Zane Trace) and High Street. At the end of the two years, county officials began using their newly completed jail as a courthouse; it was a jail more than anything else, and the commissioners and other people did not like to call it a courthouse, but a courtroom was provided in the second story, as well as room for other county officers. It functioned as a courthouse from 1819 until 1829. In 1826, bids were let for the construction of a purpose-built courthouse on Somerset's public square; it was occupied three years later, and the old "courthouse" jail soon succumbed to fire. Ever since the creation of the county, the village of New Lexington had been agitating to become the county seat, and a county seat war ensued in the 1850s; after three new state laws, three elections, and two decisions by the Supreme Court, the county offices departed Somerset for the upstart community in early 1857, leaving the old courthouse to be used by Somerset as its village hall.
The first courthouse at New Lexington was not paid for by the taxpayers in general, because advocates of New Lexington as county seat had raised the necessary amount through private donations. Among the stipulations of the state law permitting the removal of the county seat was that suitable buildings should be provided if the seat were to be moved; such a building was finished, but it stood vacant for several years before the offices were placed in it. As the end of the nineteenth century approached, the county's needs expanded to the point that the old courthouse was insufficient, and a fifth courthouse, the present structure, was erected in 1887 and dedicated one year later.
Architecture
Designed by Joseph W. Yost, and built at a cost of $143,000, the present Perry County Courthouse is a large Richardsonian Romanesque building constructed of stone; the ashlar walls are laid in a random fashion, while the ashlar of the foundation is laid in a more regular manner. Visitors can enter the building through a grand recessed entrance under an archway at the top of a grand staircase; upon reaching the interior, they find themselves in a hallway with a tiled floor and plaster reliefs on the walls between the entrances for various county offices. The most prominent component of the exterior is the two-part clock tower in the center, which rises above the street, but the entire building derives an appearance of great size from its three-story construction and from the large monolithic wall above the main entrance. Its Romanesque influence is apparent from details such as the miniature turrets above the main entrance and on the corners of the tower. From its earliest years, the courthouse has been considered one of Ohio's grandest, due in part to its location in a small community in a rural county.
Jail
Located behind the courthouse is the old county jail, a three-story brick building. Also constructed in 1887, it succeeded the old courthouse as the jail; the 1857 courthouse included dedicated jail space on its first floor.
Recent history
In 1981, the Perry County Courthouse and its jail were listed together on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying for designation both because of their architecture and because of their place in Ohio's history.
In the 1990s, the courthouse attracted statewide attention when a prominent lawsuit, DeRolph v. State, was filed in the Perry County Common Pleas Court. Claiming that Ohio's existing system of school funding violated the state constitution, a coalition of school districts in southern Ohio sued the state in 1991 in order to force through a fundamental change in school funding. Upon the county judge's ruling in favor of the coalition three years later, the lawsuit was appealed through the courts and received numerous trials in all levels of the Ohio judiciary throughout the rest of the decade, including multiple decisions by the Supreme Court.
References
Government buildings completed in 1887
Buildings and structures in Perry County, Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Perry County, Ohio
Clock towers in Ohio
County courthouses in Ohio
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
New Lexington, Ohio
Romanesque Revival architecture in Ohio
James Francis Hollingsworth (March 24, 1918 – March 2, 2010) was a United States Army Lieutenant-General.
Early life
Hollingsworth was born and raised a few miles north of Sanger, Texas. In 1935 he entered North Texas Agricultural College, and attended for one year before transferring to Texas A&M. While there he was a member of the Corps of Cadets and graduated in May 1940 with a degree in agriculture. Upon graduation he was commissioned a US Army reserve officer, and took a job in Houston before being called to active duty two months later.
World War II
Hollingsworth served in the Third Army during World War II with the 2nd Battalion, 67th Armored Regiment and was wounded five times.
Vietnam War
Brigadier General Hollingsworth served as assistant commander of the 1st Infantry Division in 1966–67. Hollingsworth and new division commander Major General William E. DePuy relieved a number of commanders whom they regarded as combat ineffective. During this tour he was profiled by English journalist Nicholas Tomalin in his story The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong, which was published in The Sunday Times on 5 June 1966. After reading of these activities DePuy and Hollingsworth were reprimanded by Chief of Staff of the United States Army Harold K. Johnson who wrote to DePuy: "If I had wanted a lead scout in command of the 1st Division you would not have gotten the job. Your value and Holly's is proportional to the responsibility that you have for something over 15,000 men. Your job is not to shoot VC. Your job is to see that other people shoot VC." Tomalin's story was later used as part of the inspiration for the character Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore in the film Apocalypse Now.
On 31 August 1967, as a result of the criticisms of the Army National Guard during the 1967 Detroit riot, the Chief of Staff of the United States Army set up a board under Hollingsworth, then deputy commanding general of the United States Army Test and Evaluation Command, to look into the leadership of both the National Guard and the Army Reserve.
In 1972 Hollingsworth was serving as Commander of Third Regional Assistance Command in III Corps. During the Battle of An Lộc, part of the North Vietnamese Easter Offensive, Hollingsworth was responsible for organizing the air support that allowed the Army of the Republic of Vietnam forces to hold the town and ultimately defeat the People's Army of Vietnam assault. During an interview taped by CBS, Hollingsworth said that he would never entertain a proposal by the Red Cross that
the two sides should declare a temporary cease-fire at An Loc to treat the wounded. On another occasion, speaking of An Loc's attackers, he told reporters he intended to "kill them all before they get back to Cambodia." In each case it was clear that Hollingsworth considered himself the effective commander at An Lộc, even though a South Vietnamese officer was technically in charge. COMUSMACV General Creighton Abrams reportedly instructed Hollingsworth to "shut his mouth."
In April 1972 Hollingsworth commented on the declining morale and discipline among US forces remaining in South Vietnam stating: "It is very common to observe U.S. soldiers driving and riding in trucks along the roads and highways in the Long Binh-Bien Hoa-Saigon area who are a disgrace to the Army and to the United States... Seldom does one see such a soldier with a proper haircut wearing a complete and proper uniform. Frequently, they wear no headgear and are in their undershirts. Many times they are bare to the waist. Further, many of our soldiers wear defaced hats and jackets with unauthorized embroidered and stenciled symbols and sayings, pins, buttons, and other items that give them a hippie like appearance. In addition, these soldiers often operate their vehicles in an equally careless manner...Standards (observed off post) merely reflect standards practiced on post."
Post-Vietnam
Hollingsworth served as commander U.S. Army Alaska until October 1971 when he was replaced by Major General Charles M. Gettys.
Hollingsworth served as commander of I Corps in the Republic of Korea from mid-1973. During his time in Korea Hollingsworth updated the existing operational plans for defense against a North Korean attack, OPLAN 5027, from a largely defensive strategy to a forward-based offensive strategy known as OPLAN 5027-74, in which after blunting the initial North Korean assault the US/ROK forces would seize Kaesong and then go on to capture Pyongyang.
Hollingsworth retired and was replaced by Lieutenant General John H. Cushman in March 1976. Hollingsworth's planned retirement was apparently accelerated following a January 13, 1976 interview with the Wall Street Journal where Hollingsworth stated that he had prepared for "a short violent war" following any North Korean attack that the US/ROK forces would win in 9 days. He stated: "We'll need five days and nights of real violence, after that we'll need four more days to tidy up the battlefield."
Civilian career
Following his retirement from the Army, Hollingsworth was commissioned to prepare an analysis of the Army's conventional warfighting capabilities, particularly to repel a Warsaw Pact attack in Europe, this "Hollingsworth Report" published in 1976 was used to procure increased funding for Army and NATO readiness.
Later life
Hollingsworth died on 2 March 2010 in San Antonio, Texas and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
References
1918 births
2010 deaths
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
United States Army personnel of World War II
People from Sanger, Texas
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Soldier's Medal
United States Army generals
Military personnel from Texas
A spinet desk is an antique desk with an exterior shape similar to a writing table, But slightly higher and is fitted with a single drawer under the whole length of the flat top surface. The spinet desk is so named because when closed it resembles a spinet, a musical instrument of the harpsichord family.
This single drawer, however, is a dummy. It is a hinged panel which is meant to be folded in, at the same time as half of the hinged top surface is folded back on to the top of the other half, revealing an inner desktop surface of normal height, with small drawers and pigeonholes in the back. In certain spinet desks the inner desktop surface can be drawn out a few inches, adding working space.
The image of the front of the spinet desk shows it in a closed position while the image of the side shows it in a partly open position, just before the hinged mobile part of the top is placed on the fixed part of the top.
By this capacity of hiding or revealing the main working area the spinet desk could be said to be a smaller, less obtrusive cousin of the rolltop desk and the cylinder desk. Like them, and unlike the secretary desk or the fall front desk, it can be closed up without disturbing too much the paperwork and various documents and implements left on the main desktop surface.
See also
List of desk forms and types.
References
Monteith, Edward R. Tables designed to lead dual lives. Fine Woodworking. Volume 93. March/April 1992 pp. 70–71
Desks
History of furniture
Inch'Allah is a single of French slam poet Grand Corps Malade featuring French-Algerian singer Reda Taliani and is the first charting success of Grand Corps Malade in the French Singles Chart. The lyrics are by Grand Corps Malade and the music by Greg Kasparian. The single was produced by Tefa.
Charts
It was released in October 2011 and charted the first time on 5 November 2011 at #90 in its week of release, eventually reaching #59 its highest position in the French Singles Chart.
Music video
The music video directed by Mehdi Idir portrays a wedding of a friend of Grand Corps Malade. When Grand Corps Malade sees the disastrous musical act hired for the wedding party, he pitches in to "save" the wedding party by calling on the help of Reda Taliani and some fellow musicians, winning the previously bored invitees over with his poetry and song.
Although the song is meant to be a wedding song, Grand Corps Malade uses the opportunity turning it into a "wish list" of what he aspires in seeing in French society through his slam poetry, with Reda Taliani responding to his "list" with "Inch'Allah" (God willing in Arabic).
A number of artists, athletes and French celebrities make cameo appearances in the music video including former tennis player and artist Yannick Noah, footballer Lilian Thuram, comedian, actor and radio and TV personality Eric Judor, actress Mathilda May, DJ Abdel, rappers Rim'K, Kamini, Soprano, as well as Tunisiano and Aketo (both from hip hop band Sniper).
References
2011 songs
Grand Corps Malade songs
2011 debut singles
French-language songs
Macaronic songs
Paul Connor may refer to:
Paul Connor (Coronation Street), fictional character on a soap opera
Paul Connor Jr., fictional character on British soap opera Coronation Street, nephew of the above
Paul Connor (footballer) (born 1979), English professional footballer
See also
Paul O'Connor (disambiguation)
The Iowa State Cyclones women's swimming and diving team represents Iowa State University (ISU) and competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I. The team is coached by Duane Sorenson, who has led Iowa State since the 1997-98 season. The Cyclones host their home meets at Beyer Pool on Iowa State's campus.
History
Iowa State first had club swim teams dating back to the 1920s but first put together a varsity squad for the 1970–71 year. They were able to capture their first Big Eight Title in 1974 under coach Deidre Singleton.
Head Coach Ramsey Van Horn was hired in 1979 to lead the Cyclones. Iowa State experienced a considerable amount of individual success under Ramsey including 15 All-Americans and 21 Conference Champions. Ramsey was let go in 1997.
Duane Sorenson has been the head coach since the 1997-98 season. He is assisted by Jeff Warrick who is a diving specialist.
Record
Individual Accomplishments
Swimming Conference Champions
Diving Conference Champions
All-Americans
Facilities
Beyer Hall Pool is the site of Cyclone home swimming meets. The facility houses a six-lane, T-shaped, 25-yard competitive pool with an attached diving well. The pool has permanent spectator seating for approximately 800 people. The competitive pool has a variable depth bottom and turbulence reducing gutters. Beyer pool is also equipped with a Colorado electronic timing system and a seven-line scoreboard display. Underwater viewing windows aid the coaching staff with stroke correction and videotape stroke analysis.
Beyer's diving well has two 1-meter diving boards, two 3-meter diving boards and a 5-meter platform. The 5-meter platform and 1-meter diving boards are on concrete stands. The 3-meter boards are on Durafirm stands and all diving boards are Maxiflex model “B” springboards. Next to the diving well are a trampoline and a dry-board that is fully equipped with a spotting rig designed to help divers learn and perfect somersaulting and twisting dives. The pool also has two TIVO video systems that capture dives off each board and platform allowing divers to quickly view the dive they just performed.
Beyer has been the home of the 1962 and 1971 NCAA meets as well as numerous conference championships.
References
Woman 's
Martinas Orlando Rankin (born October 20, 1994) is American football offensive tackle who is a free agent. He played college football at Mississippi State and was drafted by the Houston Texans in the third round of the 2018 NFL Draft. He has also been a member of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Early life
After playing at Mendenhall High School in Mississippi, Rankin spent two years at Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College in Perkinston, Mississippi. He was rated as the ninth best junior college recruit by 247 Sports and committed to play at Mississippi State over offers from Oklahoma, Florida, Louisville, Missouri, Ohio State, Ole Miss, Texas, and others.
College career
Rankin redshirted in 2015 and earned a starting job as a junior in 2016. He had a breakout year in 2017, winning the Kent Hull Trophy and being named to the 2017 All-SEC football team.
Professional career
NFL Draft
Before his senior season, Rankin was projected as a first round pick in the 2018 NFL Draft by several writers. Rankin's draft stock began to slide after he sustained an ankle injury during the season and also had mediocre performances against LSU and Auburn. On November 16, 2017, it was announced that Rankin had accepted his invitation to play in the 2018 Senior Bowl. On January 20, 2018, it was reported that Rankin would be unable to play in the Senior Bowl due to an ankle injury he sustained in the TaxSlayer Bowl. Rankin attended the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis, but did not perform any drills due to the foot injury he sustained. On March 28, 2018, he attended Mississippi State's pro day, but chose to only perform the broad jump and vertical jump. Rankin also attended a private meeting with representatives from the Cincinnati Bengals and Denver Broncos. At the conclusion of the pre-draft process, Rankin was projected to be a second or third round pick by NFL draft experts and scouts. He was ranked as the fourth best offensive tackle by Scouts Inc. and was ranked the seventh best offensive tackle in the draft by DraftScout.com and Sports Illustrated.
Houston Texans
The Houston Texas selected Rankins in the third round with the 80th overall pick in the 2018 NFL Draft. Rankins was the eighth offensive tackle drafted in 2018. The pick used to draft Rankin was acquired in a trade that sent Duane Brown to the Seattle Seahawks.
On May 10, 2018, the Houston Texans signed Rankin to a four-year, $3.54 million contract that includes a signing bonus of $901,268.
The Texans stated they drafted Rankin to play offensive tackle although many scouts and draft experts viewed him as an interior offensive lineman in the NFL. During rookie minicamp, Rankin sustained a foot injury which required surgery and was sidelined for the entire training camp.
Kansas City Chiefs
On August 31, 2019, Rankin was traded to the Kansas City Chiefs in exchange for running back Carlos Hyde. He started five games at left guard before suffering a knee injury in Week 10. He was placed on injured reserve on November 11, 2019. During his absence, the Chiefs went on to win Super Bowl LIV, their first championship in 50 years. He was placed on the active/physically unable to perform list (PUP) at the start of training camp on July 31, 2020. He was moved to the reserve/PUP list at the start of the regular season on September 5, 2020. He was activated on November 10. He was placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list by the Chiefs on November 16, 2020, and activated on November 23. He was waived on June 17, 2021.
References
External links
Kansas City Chiefs bio
Mississippi State Bulldogs bio
1994 births
Living people
People from Mendenhall, Mississippi
Players of American football from Mississippi
American football offensive tackles
Mississippi State Bulldogs football players
Houston Texans players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Center for Economics and Neuroscience (CENs) is an interdisciplinary research institute at the University of Bonn in Germany.
History
It was founded in 2009 by neurologist Christian E. Elger, economist Armin Falk, Martin Reuter and Professor Dr. Bernd Weber (currently the dean of the faculty of medicine, University of Bonn), who set the goal of creating a platform for the field of neuroeconomics in Germany to contribute findings internationally and promote interdisciplinary work. CENs combines the knowledge and methods of neuroscience, behavioral genetics, medicine, psychology and empirical economic research to expand the understanding of human behavior, especially in economically relevant contexts. Since 2019 PD Dr. Schultz is the acting Director (provisional) of the CENs whose main research interests are social perception and decision-making.
Research
CENs is a central scientific facility at the University of Bonn. Its research includes the experimental economic research laboratory for conducting computer-aided behavioral experiments with up to 24 test subjects simultaneously, two fMRI scanners for behavioral experiments with interaction with functional and structural images and a biomolecular laboratory for genotyping various polymorphisms. With this applied methods the interdisciplinary research team studies the neurophysiological basis of economic decision-making. The research team consists of researchers of various scientific areas such as neuroscience, psychology and economics and includes directors, postdoctoral researchers, PhD candidates and associated members.
References
Research institutes in Germany
University of Bonn
de:Center for Economics and Neuroscience
Take 2 () is a 2017 Singaporean comedy film directed by Ivan Ho and executive produced by Jack Neo. This marks Ho's directorial debut after being a longtime scriptwriting partner of Neo's, and one of two films distributed by mm2 Entertainment during the Chinese New Year period in 2017, the other being The Fortune Handbook.
Plot
On a venture to turn over a new leaf and break away from their past misdemeanours, Ah Hu and his 3 other cellmates set up a new F&B venture selling Japanese ramen. But being ex-convicts hinder their success and their inability to fit in with society lands them in numerous comical situations. Their clumsiness ultimately causes the business to flounder. Unwilling to give up the good fight and believing that change will bring about a solution, the four friends come up with a new idea; a 3-in-1 tuition center for students that also provides F&B and massage services for their parents. Good times don't last when Ah Hu's nemesis, Di Tie kidnaps his estranged son. Having sworn never to fall back to the path of wrongdoing, it is down to Ah Hu and his friends to save his son without weapons, alerting the cops, and breaking the law. So begins a daring yet entertaining rescue mission.
Cast
Wang Lei as Mad Dog
Ryan Lian as Ah Hu
Maxi Lim as Jian Ren
Gadrick Chin as Sha Bao
Chen Tianwen as Di Tie, Ah Hu's old nemesis
Dennis Chew as Ah Hong
Henry Thia as Hei Ge, Ah Hu's ex-gang leader
Charmaine Sei as Ah Yu, Ah Hu's older sister
Kanny Theng as Joey, Jian Ren's love interest
Shawn Ho as Ah Guang, Ah Hu's son
Production
Pre-production
Neo, whose films have been associated with Chinese New Year, said in an interview with The Straits Times that "it's time to give other new film-makers a chance to make their own films". As such, he made Ho, who co-wrote the script for Ah Boys to Men 3: Frogmen, Long Long Time Ago and the "That Girl" segment of 7 Letters, the director of Take 2, while he serves as executive producer and provides Ho with directorial advice.
Casting and crew
Wang Lei, who plays Mad Dog in the film, signed up "without hesitation" because the role mirrors his life experience as a former gambler.
Lian, who had taken on minor roles for 17 years, and starred as a gangster in Long Long Time Ago, would be making his debut as one of the leads. In order to fully immerse himself in his role of a former convict, Lian would interact with ex-convicts to understand their lives better. According to an interview with the New Paper, he would "eat and talk with them for about three hours (almost every day)", "(watch) the way they behaved, and they would share their life stories".
Dennis Chew, who had previously cross-dressed as Aunty Lucy in Paris and Milan, would take on the role of the lady boss of a tuition centre, among five other roles. For this role, he had to put on a female bodysuit, which had to be custom made and ordered from overseas. It takes 1 hour and 10 minutes for Chew to finish the costume and makeup.
Shawn Ho, then a final-year student studying for a Higher Nitec in film-making at ITE College Central, was approached by the casting directors on the first day of his internship to play Ryan Lian's son in the film, after they have auditioned many people. In order to prepare for his role, he had to brush up on his Mandarin skills using a personal tutor.
Filming
Filming started on June 23, 2016, and ended in end July.
Reception
Critical reception
Rachel Chan of The New Paper rated the film a 3.5 out of 5 stars, feeling that "it is nice to see a heavy topic on ex-convicts being made into a light-hearted film while still keeping the comedic factor and emotions running high".
Boon Chan of The Straits Times rated the film a 2.5 out of 5 stars, feeling that Ho "cannot quite decide if he wants to do a drama or a comedy", and Lian, being the film's lead, "surrounded here by discordant notes, from Dennis Chew in a number of cross-dressing roles to Chen Tianwen as a crazily flamboyant nemesis to a bizarre soundtrack of European songs", drawing the attention away from him.
References
External links
2017 films
2017 comedy films
Singaporean crime comedy films
2010s Mandarin-language films
Ablaberoides fahraei is a species of beetle first discovered in 1904. No sub-species are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
References
Beetles described in 1904
Scarabaeidae
Rai Radio 3 Classica is a radio channel, owned and produced by the Italian State broadcaster RAI, which broadcasts uninterrupted classical music without commercials.
Until August 2015 it was known as Rai Radio FD 5, and before that as FD Auditorium. From 2015 till 2017 the station was called Rai Radio 5 Classica. Until 31 December 2019 it was called Rai Radio Classica.
The channel is distributed via:
the cable radio service Filodiffusione, which was launched in 1958 by RAI and SIP (now Telecom Italia)
the Hot Bird satellite using DAB technology
the digital terrestrial DVB-T network (available in Italy only)
Internet Portal Rai Play Radio
Rai Radio 3 Classica, unlike its sister channel Rai Radio Tutta Italiana, can also be heard on FM in five Italian cities: Rome (on 100.3 MHz), Turin (101.8), Milan (102.2), Naples (103.9), and Ancona (106.0). It is also relayed overnight by Rai Radio 3, generally between 2 AM (1:30 on Saturday and Sunday) and 6. From September 2017 to August 2022 Rai Radio 3 had its own night programming. Rai Radio TRST A also relays Rai Radio 3 Classica daily from 19:35 till 06:58 hrs on FM in the area of Trieste.
Earlier logos
External links
Official Site
Live Streaming
Streaming with player
Free-to-air
Radio stations in Italy
Cable radio
Classical music radio stations
Radio stations established in 1958
RAI radio stations
Pardachirus is a genus of soles mainly native to coastal water in the Indo-Pacific. A single species, P. poropterus is restricted to estuaries and lower sections of freshwater streams. At least some species in the genus are toxic.
Species
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:
Pardachirus balius J. E. Randall & Mee, 1994 (Piebald sole)
Pardachirus hedleyi J. D. Ogilby, 1916 (Southern peacock sole)
Pardachirus marmoratus (Lacépède, 1802) (Finless sole)
Pardachirus morrowi (Chabanaud, 1954) (Persian carpet sole)
Pardachirus pavoninus (Lacépède, 1802) (Peacock sole)
Pardachirus poropterus (Bleeker, 1851) (Estuary sole)
References
Soleidae
Ray-finned fish genera
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Eilema bilati is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
References
bilati
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Moths of Africa
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Hillside Cemetery is a historic cemetery on West Main Street (Massachusetts Route 2) between Brown Street and Charles Street in North Adams, Massachusetts, United States. Located on the western fringe of the city, the earliest portions of the cemetery date to 1798; it is the community's oldest public burying ground. The cemetery is divided by Route 2, with the older section to the north and the younger section (laid out in 1858) to the south. The cemetery's location at the foot of Mount Greylock gives it excellent views of the surrounding area, and of the urban core of North Adams.
The older portion of the cemetery is less formally laid out than the newer section. It includes a fairly steeply sloped hill and a bowl-shaped valley, and is lined by grassy paths laid out in a grid. The oldest graves are at the top of the hill, the oldest dating to 1798. The southern portion of the cemetery is much larger, and is laid out with narrow roadways, most of which were in place by 1878. The terrain of the southern section is similar to that of the northern, also featuring a hill and valley. The most prominent memorial is the Tinker Mausoleum (1926), located in the northern section.
The oldest surviving cemetery in North Adams is the Old Congregational Burying Ground (1780). Hillside appears to have been established as a family cemetery of the locally prominent Knight family, who buried their daughter Olive in 1798. Members of the Knight family were among the first to introduce textile manufacturing into North Adams, its early source of growth and prosperity in the 19th century. The town of Adams (from which North Adams separated in 1878) purchased the southern tract in 1858. North Adams' second public cemetery, located in the southern part of the city, was opened in 1898.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Notable burials
Edwin Thayer Barlow, architect
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
References
Notes
External links
Buildings and structures in North Adams, Massachusetts
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Cemeteries in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
Harris Arcade, also known as the Arcade Building, is a historic commercial building located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1938, and is a two-story, brick Commercial Style building, with Tudor Revival-Style arched arcade openings. It features an eight-foot wide arcade passage with a broken-tile terrazzo floor and intact late-interwar period commercial space.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Commercial buildings completed in 1938
Tudor Revival architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
The National Community Boats Association (NCBA) is a waterway society, registered charity No. 1108993 and limited company No. 5331820, in the United Kingdom.
NCBA supports community boat projects and encourages more people to access the inland waterways of the UK. Its headquarters are at the Yorkshire Waterways Museum in Goole. The NCBA held a National Conference towards the end of 2008.
Member organisations
The association has over 100 member community boats projects, all over the UK.
Organisations which are members of the National Community Boats Association operate boats which are specially designed and equipped to cater for people with disabilities, with learning difficulties and learning disabilities, disadvantaged groups, people with special needs, people of all ages.
These organisations carry an estimated 250,000 passengers per year from the above-mentioned groups.
Membership list
Accessible Boating Association, Hampshire
Adam's Ark Project, Doncaster
Angel Community Canal Boat Trust, London ACCT Website
Baldwin Boat Trust, Leicester Website
BDN Guide Counties Narrowboat, Birmingham, West Midlands
Beauchamp Lodge Settlement, London Website
Birmingham City Council Youth Service Division
Bradford Out & About Barge Association, West Yorkshire Website
Brent Play Association, Wembley
Bromley Youth Trust, Kent
Camden Canals & Narrowboat Association CCNA Website
Canal Boat Adventure Project, Cheshire
Canal Boat Project CBP website
Care Afloat, Skelmersdale, Lancashire
Children's Activity & Recreational Projects, Wolverhampton
East Manchester Community Boat Project, Hyde EMCBP Website
Ethel Trust Community Barge, Sheffield ETCB Website
Gloucestershire Disabled Afloat Riverboats Trust Website
Hampshire County Council Youth Services
Heulwen Trust, Welshpool Website
Hillingdon Narrowboats Association, Middlesex HNA Website
Kensington Foundation, Blackpool
Laburnum Boat Club, Hackney's Community Boating Project Website
London Narrow Boat Project, Luton, Bedfordshire
Maypole Community Boat Projects, Birmingham
Mosaic, Shaping Disability Services, Leicester
Nottingham Narrowboat Project
Open Lock Project Website
Oxfordshire Narrowboat Trust
Queen Elizabeth's Foundation for Disabled People, Leatherhead, Surrey
Reach Out Projects, Hertfordshire Website
Re-Union, Edinburgh Website
River Thames Boat Project, Kingston-upon-Thames RTBP Website
Rivertime Boat Trust (RBT), Maidenhead, Berkshire RBT Website
Safe Anchor Trust, Mirfield, West Yorkshire S.A.T Website
South Staffordshire Narrowboat Company Ltd, Wolverhampton Website
South West Herts Narrowboat Project, Hertfordshire Website
St Andrew's Methodist Youth Centre, Bristol
St John Ambulance, Northampton, and Nottinghamshire
Stockport Canal Boat Project SCBP Website
Surrey Care Trust Swingbridge Community Boat Programmes, Swingbridge Website
Surrey County Council Outdoor Learning & Development, Surrey
Swansea Community Boat Trust SCBT Website
Thames & Kennet Narrowboat Trust, Wokingham, Berkshire Website
The Bruce Charitable Trust, Hungerford BCT Website
The Bruce Wake Charitable Trust, Rutland BWCT Website
The Canal Boat Project, Hertfordshire, and Harlow, Essex
The Kingfisher Medway Trust, Faversham, Kent KMT Website
The Lyneal Trust, Shrewsbury Website
The Pirate Club, London Website
The Seagull Trust, Ratho, Edinburgh Website
The Sobriety Project, Goole, East Riding of Yorkshire Website
The Wharf Narrowboat, Walsall
The Willow Trust, Cirencester, Gloucestershire
Tideway Adventurers Narrowboat Project, London TANP Website
Top Lock Training, Stockport TLT Website
Truman Enterprise Narrowboat Trust, Walsall TENT Website
Unity Enterprise, Govan, Scotland
Vale of Llangollen Canal Boat Trust, Llangollen, Clwyd, Wales VLCBT Website
Warwickshire Association of Youth Clubs Website
Waterstart, Goole
Waveney Stardust, Lowestoft, Suffolk Website
Wildside Activity Centre, Wolverhampton WAC Website
Wirral Community Narrowboat Trust, Ellesmere Port WCNT Website
Wooden Canal Boat Society
Training for community boat operators
NCBA also delivers training for the management of community boats.
The Certificate in Community Boat Management is a nationally accredited course for helmsmen and crew members working with people who are young, elderly, disadvantaged or disabled on Class A or B Waters.
Other courses: Basic Boat Handling; Complete Crew Course; Regional Training Moderator; Senior Trainer; CCBM Training Endorsement; and Additional Course Units.
Work with offenders and young persons
NCBA is operating two special projects:
Y-AFLOAT - Involving young people in community boating
Prisons Project - facilitating the reunion of offenders with their families
The UK Government's Department for Education and Skills awarded the National Community Boats Association an NVYO grant of £123,990 for youth work.
See also
List of waterway societies in the United Kingdom
References
External links
National Community Boat Association's website
British Waterways' own site: listing for National Community Boats Association
EUROPEAN UNION - NCBA a Partner in the EU's 'Eureauweb' Project, part of the European Waterways Tourism Development Service
Disabled boating
Charities based in Scotland
Waterways organisations in the United Kingdom
The second election to Dyfed County Council was held in May 1981. It was preceded by the 1977 election and followed by the 1985 election. There were a number of unopposed returns, particularly in rural parts of the county.
Overview
The Independents remained the largest party but lost ground to Labour.
In Pembrokeshire, Labour gained three seats from the Independents, although one of these - in Pembroke Dock - was from a former Labour councillor who stood as an Independent.
Ward Results (Cardiganshire)
Aberaeron No.1
Aberaeron No. 2
Aberaeron No.3
Aberystwyth No.1
Aberystwyth No.2
Aberystwyth No. 3
Aberystwyth Rural No. 1
Aberystwyth Rural No.2
Aberystwyth Rural No.3
Cardigan
Lampeter
Teifiside No.1
Teifiside No.2
Teifiside No.3
Tregaron
Ward Results (Carmarthenshire)
Ammanford No. 1
Ammanford No.2
Berwick
Burry Port East
Burry Port West
Carmarthen No. 1
Carmarthen No. 2
Carmarthen No. 3
Carmarthen Rural No.1
Carmarthen Rural No.2
Carmarthen Rural No. 3
Carmarthen Rural No. 4
Carmarthen Rural No. 5
Carmarthen Rural No. 6
Carmarthen Rural No. 7
Cwmamman
Felinfoel
Hengoed
Llandeilo No.1
Llandeilo No.2
Llandeilo No.3
Llandeilo No.4
Llandeilo No.5
Llandeilo No.6
Llanedi
Llanelli No.1
Llanelli No.2
Llanelli No. 3
Llanelli No.4
Llanelli No.5
Llanelli No. 6
Llanelli No.7
Llangennech
Llan-non
Newcastle Emlyn No.1
Newcastle Emlyn No.2
Pembrey
Pontyberem
Trimsaran
Westfa
Ward Results (Pembrokeshire)
Cemaes No. 1
Cemaes No. 2
Cemaes No. 3
This ward was previously known as Narberth No.3 but was renamed following the transfer of several wards from South Pembrokeshire to Preseli District Council.
Fishgaurd and Goodwick No. 1
Fishgaurd and Goodwick No. 2
Haverfordwest No.1
Haverfordwest No. 2
Haverfordwest Rural No. 1
Haverfordwest Rural No. 2
Haverfordwest Rural No. 3
Haverfordwest Rural No. 4
Haverfordwest Rural No. 5
Milford Have No. 1
Milford Have No. 2
Milford Have No. 3
Narberth No. 1
Narberth No. 2
Neyland and Llanstadwell
Pembroke No. 1
Pembroke No. 2
Pembroke No. 3
The previous Labour councilor stood as an Independent but was defeated by a future MP.
Pembroke Rural No. 1
Pembroke Rural No. 2
Tenby
References
1981
1981 Welsh local elections
O Human Star is a science fiction webcomic by Blue Delliquanti.
Synopsis
O Human Star follows Alastair "Al" Sterling, the person who invented the modern robot. Sixteen years after Al dies, his mind is put into a synthetic replica of his human body. The world now is populated with robots living alongside humans. Al finds his old business partner and lover, Brendan, who has built their company into the world's largest tech company, and meets Sulla, the first humanoid robot, who was made with a copy of Al's mind but has chosen a female body. Al tries to reintegrate into the new world and determine who brought him back and why.
The comic is presented with sections both in the present and the past; the past is illustrated in orange, while the present is in blue.
Author and publication history
O Human Star is written and illustrated by Blue Delliquanti. Delliquanti, who is non-binary and is from Minneapolis, previously worked with Soleil Ho on the graphic novel Meal for Iron Circus Comics, and has contributed to Smut Peddler, The Sleep of Reason, and Beyond.
O Human Star began publication in 2012 and concluded in August 2020.
Reviews
Polygon reviewer Samantha Riedel called O Human Star "the best robot comic in a decade", saying that it "delves into complex themes of gender and the need to belong" and calling it "one of the most sociopolitically relevant works of the past ten years".
Writing for the DiNKY Awards, DiNKY director Ted Intorcio said "In addition to being a wonderful love story for these men, it challenges the reader's perceptions of what “normal” looks like... OHS explores LGBTQ issues in a very sensitive way without having this context / subtext overpower the story... Blue's Manga-influenced style is more than competent and complements the tone of the story nicely. I can't recommend this book enough for anyone who likes great stories with rich context and tons of applicability."
Awards
|-
! scope="row" | 2018
| Webcomics Category
| Prism Awards
|
| For excerpts of O Human Star from 2017
|
|-
! scope="row" | 2016
| Best in Show
| DiNKY Awards
|
|
|
|-
! scope="row" | 2016
| Best Work - Self Published
| DiNKY Awards
|
|
|
|-
! scope="row" | 2016
| Outstanding Work – Diversity
| DiNKY Awards
|
|
|
|-
! scope="row" | 2015
| Outstanding Online Comic
| Ignatz Award
|
|
|
|-
! scope="row" | 2015
| LGBT Graphic Novel
| Lambda Literary Award
|
|
|
|-
! scope="row" | 2014
| Favorite Webcomic (Continuing Story)
| Autostraddle
|
|
|
|-
! scope="row" | 2012
| Queer Press Grant
| Prism Comics
|
|
|
External links
References
Science fiction webcomics
2010s webcomics
LGBT-related webcomics
LGBT speculative fiction
Transgender-related comics
LGBT-related graphic novels
Robots in literature
Andrew Moon Bain is a visual artist, record producer, musician, songwriter, and designer. He grew up in Seattle, Washington where he was very active in the arts as a youth. He was a young cellist in the Seattle Youth Symphony Orchestras from ages 8–12. He also formed a hip-hop group in high school and later an original rock band with his younger brother. He relocated to Providence, Rhode Island as a young adult and earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts in sculpture from the Rhode Island School of Design. Bain remained in New England after earning his degree, subsequently becoming an active and integral member of Providence's exploding art community. His visual art is represented in numerous private collections, museums and at the Rhode Island School of Design Museum. In the summer of 2019, Bain did a large-scale wall installation at the Brown University Perry and Marty Granoff Center for the Creative Arts entitled “We Are All Carbon Beings”.
Lustre Kings
Between high school and college, Bain traveled the United States extensively. His travels took him to Jamaica, West Indies, a trip that indelibly influenced his life. Shortly after this first visit, his childhood friend, Corrin Haskell, taught school in Jamaica and came back with a 7” inch vinyl record he produced. Bain immediately jumped on board to co-found independent US based reggae label, Lustre Kings Productions in 1997.
Bain spent 13 years living in Brooklyn, New York where he continued to be a producer and visual artist. He has traveled and worked extensively in the United States, Europe, Jamaica and throughout the Caribbean, which have all influenced his life, art and music.
Music production and Zion I Kings
Bain is an accomplished sound record engineer, mixing engineer, and songwriter. He is one third of the prolific modern roots reggae production team Zion I Kings as well as the writing and production duo PaperStars, both parties receiving a Grammy Award nomination in 2013 for Snoop Lion Reincarnated (album). Bain continues to make a significant mark in the genre of modern roots reggae music. He has written and produced records for artists such as Wyclef Jean, Sizzla, Snoop Dogg, Diplo, Protoje, Major Lazer, Midnite, Anthony B, Blakkamoore, Lutan Fyah and many others.
Recently Bain completed production on Blakkamoore's third full-length studio album, Upward Spiral. As well as French/New Caledonian artist Marcus Gad's next album Rhtyhm of Serenity (Lustre Kings/Baco Records ).
In 2010, Bain co-founded Providence, Rhode Island-based Rock & Soul band, Boo City. Boo City's sound has many stylistic influences including Soul, Rhythm & Blues, Rock, Hip-Hop, and Reggae. In addition to Boo City, he is currently working on a solo project under the moniker, Brown Bones, an acoustic, urban-folk inspired album with subtle electronic elements.
Discography
2020
Upward Spiral – Blakkamoore
Rhtyhm of Serenity – Marcus Gad
Mash Down Riddim- Zion I Kings
Culture Dem 4 – Lustre Kings Productions
2019
Not Another Word – Protoje, Lila Ike, Agent Sasco
Rebel With a Cause – Pressure Busspipe
Rebirth- Marlon Asher
Get Aktive – Junior Natural
Mek A Menshun – Akae Beka
Life of a Gheto Youth Vol. 2 – Various Artists
2018
Digital Ancient Dub - Zion I Kings
Nurtured Frequency – Akae Beka
Perfect Storm Riddim – Zion I Kings
2017
Arkaingelle – Tru Da Fyah
100 Years Strong – Pressure, Stanley & The 10 Sleepless Knights
Dub in Zion – Zion I Kings
Mash Down Georgetown – Jahdan Blakkamoore
2016
9 – Jah9 -
Music Never Dies – Lutan Fyah
Lifetime Riddim – Zion I Kings
Market Place Riddim – Zion I Kings
Portals – Akae Beka
Livicated – Akae Beka
Dub in Style – Zion I Kings
2015
Order of Distinction - Jahdan Blakkamoore
Lion of Judah Riddim – Various Artists
Nyacoustic Chants- Various Artists
Lion of Judah Riddim - Various Artists /Zion I Kings
2014
Junction Riddim – Various Artists /Zion I Kings
Therapeutic- Ziggi Recado
Jah Warriah Riddim- Various Artists /Zion I Kings
Redemption – Jah Bless
The Sound – Pressure
Ride Tru – Midnite – I Grade
Beauty For Ashes – Midnite – I Grade
2013
Free the Universe – Major Lazer
Seven Bridges – Break Science
Original Yard Food – General Jah Mikey
New Scroll – Cornell Campbell
Reincarnated – Snoop Lion
Rootical – Lloyd Brown
Queen of The Forest – Jahdan Blakkamoore feat. Illuminati Congo
Songbird Riddim - Various Artists / Zion I Kings
2012
Jah Golden Throne- Various Artists
Meditation – Nazarenes
Masterpiece - Glen Washington
2011
Back for the First Time - Perfect Giddimani
To Your Majesty – Danny I
Unto the Pure – Illuminati Congo feat. Digital Ancient
2010
Babylon Nightmare - Jahdan Blakkamoore
Black Gold – Toussaint
2009
Guns Don't Kill People, Lazers Do – Major Lazer
Proverbs Riddim – Various Artists
Lustre Kings in Dub Vol. 1 - Various Artists / Digital Ancient
Know the Road - Norris Man
Culture Dem vol. 3 – Various Artists
2008
Infinite Dub - Midnite-Lustre Kings
The Shining Riddim
Joy Bells Ringing - Al Pancho
Take Charge - Noble Society
2007
Red Razor Riddim - Various Artists
Unchangeable – Danny I
Royal Muzik vol. 1 (Japanese Import)
Live from the Frontline - Various Artists
Rastafari Unity EP – Various Artists
Infinite Quality – Midnite-Lustre Kings
2006
New Day Riddim – Various Artists
Salvation – The Lambsbread
2005
Time and Place – Lutan Fyah
Talking Drum Riddim – Various Artists
Culture Dem vol. 2 - Various Artists
Holding Firm – Ras Attitude
2004
No Polotics Riddim - Various Artist
Calling All Jah Children - Various Artist
2003
Fortune Teller Riddim – Various Artists
The Future - Turbulence
Alarm Clock Riddim – Various Artists
2002
African Charm Riddim – Various Artists
Credential Riddim – Various Artists
Culture Dem – Various Artists
2001
Future Flow Riddim – Various Artists
2000
Black Mystic Riddim – Various Artists
Culture Dem – Various Artists
1999
Ites Riddim – Various Artists
Fire Works Riddim – Various Artists
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Artists from Seattle
21st-century American artists
Zalmond David Franklin or Salmond Franklin was a Communist Party of the United States member and KGB asset during World War II. Zalmond was married at one time to KGB operative Sylvia Callen. According to the testimony of Louis Budenz, Zalmond did "secret work" in Spain during the Spanish Civil War, and he also worked part of the time as a bacteriologist at a Spanish Loyalist hospital.
Upon returning in the late 1930s, Zalmond is alleged to have been recruited for anti-Trotsky work and was sent on several missions to Canada on behalf of Soviet intelligence. He worked as a security guard at the Soviet Pavilion in the 1939 New York World's Fair, sharing this work with two of his former comrades from the International Brigade, Morris Cohen and Milton Wolff. He is reported to have worked in Alberta, Canada, in 1943. Michael Straight named Franklin in his FBI interview as one of his Soviet intelligence contacts.
In March 1942, Franklin met with Clarence Hiskey, Professor of Chemistry at Columbia University and a member of the CPUSA, in New York City. As they walked to the subway, Hiskey described the progress of the research that was then being undertaken at Columbia on the atomic bomb. "Imagine," he told Franklin, "a bomb dropped in the center of this city which would destroy the entire city." Hiskey would supply Franklin with classified material until he moved to the Metallurgical Laboratory at Chicago in October 1943. Then Hiskey, codenamed RAMSEY, would be handled by the GRU illegal Arthur Adams.
Franklin is referenced in the 26 May 1944 Venona project decrypt. It is a report from Bernard Schuster describing a complaint from Nathan Einhorn about Franklin. Franklin had married Rose Richter after divorcing Sylvia Callen a year earlier. Einhorn's wife, Frieda and Rose Richter were sisters. Einhorn was complaining to Schuster that Zalmond was bragged too much about his contact with Soviet intelligence. Einhorn believed this affected operational security. According to the cable Schuster was keeping an eye on Franklin in case of more insecure talk. Shortly afterward, Franklin was removed from active work.
Venona
Zalmond Franklin codenamed CHEN, possibly in error, is referenced in the following Venona project decrypt:
749 KGB New York to Moscow, 26 May 1944.
Anatoly Gorsky's December 1948 "Memo on Compromised American Sources and Networks" gives CHAP as Franklin's codename. CHAP appears in the following decrypts:
1003 KGB New York to Moscow, 18 July 1944.
1328 KGB New York to Moscow, 15 September 1944.
1430 KGB New York to Moscow, 10 October 1944.
1523 KGB New York to Moscow. 27 October 1944.
References
Allen Weinstein and Alexander Vassiliev, The Haunted Wood: Soviet Espionage in America—the Stalin Era (New York: Random House, 1999).
John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr, Venona: Decoding Soviet Espionage in America (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1999), pgs. 261–262, 350, 432
Louis Budenz affidavit, 11 November 1950, American Aspects of the Assassination of Leon Trotsky, U.S. Congress, House of Representatives, Committee on Un-American Activities, 81st Cong., 2d sess., part I, v–ix
Louis Budenz, Men Without Faces: The Communist Conspiracy in the USA (New York: Harper and Brothers, 1948), 123–126.
Year of birth missing
American spies for the Soviet Union
American people in the Venona papers
American communists
Idris Garba Kareka is a Nigerian politician born in Jahun, Jigawa State. He represents the Jahun constituency in the Jigawa State House of Assembly under the platform of All Progressive Congress (APC), and serves as speaker of the 7th Jigawa Assembly.
Impeachment
Shortly after the 2015 general election and the 6th Jigawa Assembly was inaugurated in June, members unanimously elected Garba as speaker. On 3 January 2017 less than seven months after his swearing in, 25 of the 30 members unceremoniously called for his impeachment while the governor was away on a foreign trip. The reasons given for the impeachment were that Garba was too unyielding to the requests of his colleagues and he had claimed too much power for himself, which made his colleagues lose confidence in him. Shortly after the 2019 general elections, the 7th Jigawa Assembly was inaugurated in May and Garba was once again elected speaker.
References
External links
Jigawa State Government. Retrieved on 1 May 2021
Nigerian politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The Vietnam War body count controversy centers on the counting of enemy dead by the United States Armed Forces during the Vietnam War (1955–1975). There are issues around killing and counting unarmed civilians (non-combatants) as enemy combatants, as well as inflating the number of actual enemy who were killed in action (KIA). For search and destroy operations, as the objective was not to hold territory or secure populations, victory was assessed by having a higher enemy body count.
Overview
Since the goal of the United States in the Vietnam War was not to conquer North Vietnam but rather to ensure the survival of the South Vietnamese government, measuring progress was difficult. All the contested territory was theoretically "held" already. Instead, the US Army used body counts to show that the US was winning the war. The Army's theory was that eventually, the Viet Cong (VC) and People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) would lose after the attrition warfare.
According to historian Christian Appy, "search and destroy was the principal tactic; and the enemy body count was the primary measure of progress" in General Westmoreland's war of attrition. "Search and destroy" was coined as a phrase in 1965 to describe missions aimed at flushing the VC out of hiding, while the body count was the measuring stick for the success of any operation. Since the early stages of the war did not seek to hold territory, assessments of whether an operation was considered a victory or not was entirely based on having a higher enemy killed ratio for US commanders. Competitions were held between units for the highest number of VC/PAVN killed in action, or KIAs. Army and marine officers knew that promotions were largely based on confirmed kills. The pressure to produce confirmed kills resulted in massive fraud. Appy claims that American commanders exaggerated body counts by 100 percent. One study revealed that 61% of American commanders considered that body counts were grossly exaggerated.
Killing and counting of unarmed civilians
Gunter Lewy estimated that 1/3 of those killed and counted as "enemy KIA" killed by US/ARVN forces were civilians. He estimates around 220,000 civilians were counted as "enemy KIA" in battlefield operations reports during battles against VC/NVA. Lewy estimated the use of free-fire zones was an important factor in this.
For official US military operations reports on free-fire zones, there are no distinctions between enemy KIA and civilian KIA since it was assumed by US forces that all individuals killed in an area declared a free-fire zone, regardless of whether they were combatants or civilians, were considered enemy KIA. Since body counts was a direct measure of operational success, this often caused US battle reports to list civilians killed as enemy KIA.
Author Alex J. Bellamy wrote that the inclusion of civilians killed led to discrepancies between weapons seized and official body counts, noting that the official "enemy KIA" body count during Operation Speedy Express, was over 10,000 enemy KIA with only 748 weapons recovered. A US Army Inspector General estimated that there were 5,000 to 7,000 civilian casualties from the operation. The My Lai Massacre and Son Thang massacre both initially reported women and children killed as "enemy combatants".
Former Marine Officer and later war-time corresponding Philip Caputo in the book A Rumor of War noted:
Christian Appy in Working Class War documents and describes some atrocities committed by US forces. Civilian deaths from US airstrikes were sometimes blamed on the PAVN/VC or claimed as "VC" casualties by US forces in subsequent "Personnel Damage Assessments". Other reported incidents include ambushing or attacking unarmed groups of men such as fishermen or farmers, which were reported as "Viet Cong", as well as any civilians wearing black pajamas and civilians running away from helicopters, including women and children who were again reported as "enemy combatants" KIA. One notable example of this was the purported killing of hundreds of unarmed civilians by Tiger Force following grievous losses from a PAVN ambush, in which the unit proceeded to kill countless women, children and crippled individuals during Operation Wheeler/Wallowa. Journalist Jonathan Schell, who reported on Operation Cedar Falls, reported a general inability of US forces discerning VC from unarmed civilians, based on tacit ignorance of the culture and the killing of civilians on whim or suspicion. During the operation he was told about numerous incidents including when a man riding a bicycle past a patrol near his town was shot and subsequently declared a VC, and the shooting of a woman carrying medical supplies, who was then declared an enemy combatant serving as a medic post-mortem.
Body count inflation
In the summer of 1970, H. Norman Schwarzkopf writes, "the Army War College issued a scathing report" that, among other things, "criticised the Army's obsession with meaningless statistics and was especially damning on the subject of body counts in Vietnam. A young captain had told the investigators a sickening story: he'd been under so much pressure from headquarters to boost his numbers that he'd nearly gotten into a fistfight with a South Vietnamese officer over whose unit would take credit for various enemy body parts. Many officers admitted they had simply inflated their reports to placate headquarters."
The junior officers queried in the 1970 "Study on Military Professionalism" (seemingly the study that Schwarzkopf refers to) had particularly violent reactions to instructions on the body count. "They told of being given quotas and being told to go out and recount until they had sufficient numbers. 'Nobody out there believes the body count,' was the reportedly common response."
In Lewis Sorley's book A Better War, published in 1999 after studies of voluminous previously-secret papers of Creighton Abrams, he writes "Body count may have been the most corrupt – and corrupting – measure of progress in the whole mess. Certainly the consensus of senior Army leaders, the generals who commanded in Vietnam, strongly indicates that it was. A survey found that sixty-one percent of officers believed that the body count was often inflated. Typical comments by the respondents were that it was 'a fake – totally worthless', that 'the immensity of the false reporting is a blot on the honor of the Army', and that they were grossly exaggerated by many units primarily because of the incredible interest shown by people like McNamara and Westmoreland."
Secretary of Defense Charles Hagel states that U.S. commanders on the ground inflated body counts since this was how their success was judged. "You used that body count, commanding officers did, as the metric and measurement of how successful you were", hence providing a positive incentive for deliberate fabrication. During the Battle of Dak To and the Battle of the Slopes, one company commander alleges after losing 78 men while finding 10 enemy bodies, the "enemy body count" figures were deliberately re-written as 475 by General William Westmoreland and released as official operational reports.
Shelby Stanton stated that accurate assessments of PAVN and VC losses were largely impossible due to lack of corresponding statistics, the fact that allied ground units were often unable to confirm artillery and aerial kills, and gamesmanship practiced by units under pressure to "produce results". American losses were subject to statistical manipulation as well. For instance, dying soldiers put aboard medical evacuation helicopters were often counted as only wounded in unit after-action tables.
Author Mark Woodruff has stated that the Vietnamese government's official estimate (released in April 1995) of 1.1 million PAVN/VC fighters dead/missing indicates that US body counts had actually underestimated communist losses.
Estimates of total casualties
The official US Department of Defense figure was 950,765 communist forces killed in Vietnam from 1965 to 1974. Defense Department officials believed that these body count figures need to be deflated by 30%. The Ministry of Defense for Vietnam reported 849,018 military dead and missing during the war for the period between 1955 and 1975 (of which a third were non-combat deaths). The Vietnamese government does not officially view the First Indochina War as separate from the later phase, and across all three wars, including the First Indochina War and the Third Indochina War, there was a total of 1,146,250 PAVN/VC military deaths or missing. Per war: 191,605 deaths/missing in the First Indochina War, 849,018 deaths/missing in the Second Indochina War (Vietnam War), and 105,627 deaths/missing in the Third Indochina War. More than 300,000–330,000 PAVN/VC soldiers remain officially missing in action (their bodies were not found), with some estimates putting the number as high as 500,000.
Lewis Sorley in A Better War cites Douglas Pike with a figure of 900,000 PAVN/VC dead and missing by 1973, and states that during a 1974 visit by Admiral Elmo Zumwalt to North Vietnam, PAVN General Võ Nguyên Giáp advised Zumwalt that the North had 330,000 missing. Jim Webb claims that the Vietnamese lost over 1.1 m soldiers. Geoffrey Ward and Ken Burns in the book The Vietnam War state over a million casualties were reported as well.
References
Attrition warfare
Military history of the United States during the Vietnam War
Military science
Vietnam War casualties
Alfred Thomas "Fred" Evans (24 February 1914 – 13 April 1987) was a British Labour Party politician. Evans was Member of Parliament for Caerphilly from a 1968 by-election until 1979, when he retired.
Biography
Evans was born into a miner's family in 1914. He was educated at both primary and grammar schools at Bargoed and went on to study at the University College of Wales Cardiff. He married Mary Katharine O'Marah in 1939 and they had a son and two daughters.
Evans was head of the English Department at Bargoed Grammar School (1937–1949), headmaster of Bedlinog Secondary School (1949–1966), and headmaster of Lewis Boys Grammar School in Pengam (1966–1968).
Evans was Agent to the Ness Edwards, (then MP for Caerphilly), and a Councillor on Gelligaer Urban District Council 1948–1951. He contested unsuccessfully for the Labour Party the Leominster division of Herefordshire in 1955 and the Stroud division of Gloucestershire in 1959. He sat as MP (Labour) for the Caerphilly division of Glamorganshire from 1968 until 1979 when he retired. He died in 1987 aged 73.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
1914 births
1987 deaths
Welsh Labour Party MPs
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Magdalena Valerio Cordero (born 27 September 1959), is a Spanish legal expert and politician, of the PSOE, that has spent most of her political career in the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha. She was Minister of Labour, Migrations and Social Security of the Government of Spain between 2018 and 2020, when she was succeeded by Yolanda Díaz and José Luis Escrivá.
Biography
Origins and career
Born in Torremocha, province of Cáceres, on 27 September 1959, she studied Law at the Complutense University of Madrid, graduating there in 1985. She has been a resident of Guadalajara since 1989. She worked as an exam coach and Area coordinator of Labour and Social Security in the Centro de Estudios Velázquez-ADAMS between 1986-1990. She is an officer of the Social Security Management Body and the Employment Management Scale of the INEM (National Employment Sistem). She also worked as head of the Bureau of Personnel in the Provincial Directorate of the INSERSO (Old Age and Social Services Institute) of Guadalajara between 1991-1994 and later than Deputy Director of Economic-Administrative Management and provincial secretary of the INSALUD of Guadalajara between 1994 and 1999.
Political career
In the 1999 local elections she was elected councillor in the Guadalajara City Council, and was re-elected in 2003 when she was appointed second deputy mayor and councillor for Economy, Finance, Procurement, Heritage and Citizen Participation. In September 2005 she was appointed Minister of Labor and Employment of Castilla-La Mancha and, in 2007, Minister of Tourism and Handicrafts. In September 2008 she became the regional Minister for Public Administration and Justice. In the regional elections of 2007 she headed the list of the PSOE for Guadalajara, winning a seat in the Regional Cortes.
In July 2008 she was elected a member of the Regional Executive Committee of the PSOE of CLM and in October of the same year was elected General Secretary of the Municipal Executive Committee of Guadalajara Capital. Also, from 2000 to 2012 she was a member of the Regional Committee of the PSOE of CLM. In May 2010 she stood down from the Government Council to be appointed a delegate to the Board of Communities of Castilla-La Mancha. That same year she won the primaries to be a PSOE candidate for the Guadalajara City Council. After the Socialist defeat in the elections of 2011, she went on to lead the opposition at City Hall.
Heading the PSOE ticket in Guadalajara in the general elections of 2011, she won a seat in Cortes Generales.
Minister of Labour, Migrations and Social Security
The new Spanish Prime Minister, Pedro Sánchez, following the motion of censure that the PSOE tabled against the previous government of Mariano Rajoy (PP) and that was carried on 1 June 2018, appointed her as Minister in the new Spanish government. Felipe VI sanctioned by royal decree her appointment as holder of the portfolio of Minister of Labour, Migrations and Social Security. On 7 June she was sworn into office before the King at Zarzuela Palace.
In February 2020 she was chosen by the Socialist group to chair the "Pacto de Toledo" Parliamentary Committee for Pension Reform.
References
1973 births
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Government ministers of Castilla–La Mancha
Government ministers of Spain
Guadalajara, Spain municipal councillors
Living people
Members of the 10th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 13th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 7th Cortes of Castilla–La Mancha
Members of the Cortes of Castilla–La Mancha from Guadalajara
People from the Province of Cáceres
Spanish jurists
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
Women government ministers of Spain
Women members of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 14th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
The tracheoesophageal septum is an embryological structure. It is formed from the tracheoesophageal folds or ridges which fuse in the midline. It divides the oesophagus from the trachea during prenatal development. Developmental abnormalities can lead to a tracheoesophageal fistula.
Structure
The tracheoesophageal septum is formed from the tracheoesophageal folds laterally (longitudinal ridges), which fuse in the midline. It divides the oesophagus from the trachea. This is complete by 6 weeks of gestation. It divides the foregut tube: the laryngotracheal tube ventrally and oesophagus dorsally.
Function
The tracheoesophageal septum divides the oesophagus from the trachea during prenatal development.
Clinical significance
Developmental abnormalities of the tracheoesophageal septum can lead to a tracheoesophageal fistula. This may be caused by certain mutations of genes involved in its development. Other theories for the origin of tracheoesophageal fistula have been suggested. A laryngotracheal cleft is a related abnormality.
References
Human head and neck
Embryology of digestive system
Argentina competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. Wheelchair tennis player Gustavo Fernandez has been chosen to carry the nation's flag at the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
The following Argentine competitors won medals at the games. In the by discipline sections below, medalists' names are bolded.
Athletics
Track
Men
Women
Field
Men
Women
Key
Note–Ranks given for track events are within the athlete's heat only
Q = Qualified for the next round
q = Qualified for the next round as the fastest loser or, in field events, by position without achieving the qualifying target
NR = National record
WB= World Best
D/Q = Disqualified
N/A = Round not applicable for the event
Bye = Athlete not required to compete in round
Boccia
Argentina qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport at the Montreal hosted 2015 BisFed Americas Pair and Team championship in the Teams BC1/BC2 event. They claimed gold ahead of silver medalist Brazil and bronze medalists Canada.
Individual
Pairs and teams
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Argentina qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Road
Men
Women
Track
Pursuit
Time trial
Equestrian
Football 5-a-side
Argentina qualified for the Paralympics by finishing second the 2015 Parapan American Games in Toronto, Canada and the IBSA Blind Football World Championships in Tokyo, Japan. Both finishes were behind host nation, Brazil, who earned an automatic qualifying berth.
Group B
Semifinal
Bronze medal match
Football 7-a-side
Argentina qualified for the Paralympics through the 2015 Parapan American Games in Toronto after Iran's qualifying spot was withdrawn because of a lack of competitors in their region.
The draw for the tournament was held on May 6 at the 2016 Pre Paralympic Tournament in Salou, Spain. Argentina was put into Group B with the United States, Netherlands and Russia. Iran qualified for the 2016 Rio Games following the suspension of Russia. The IPC ruled that there could not be a redrawn for the groups. This resulted in Iran being put into Group A with the Netherlands, Argentina and the United States.
The tournament where the Paralympic draw took place featured 7 of the 8 teams participating in Rio. It was the last major preparation event ahead of the Rio Games for all teams participating. Argentina finished 7th after losing placement matches to the United States 4 - 3 and Ireland 0 - 3.
Going into the Rio Games, the country was ranked sixth in the world.
Group B
Classification 5/6
Judo
Five Argentine judoka have qualified to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. The competitions took place at the Carioca Arena 3
Men
Women
Paracanoeing
Argentina earned a qualifying spot at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport following their performance at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint & Paracanoe World Championships in Milan, Italy where the top six finishers in each Paralympic event earned a qualifying spot for their nation. Lucas Nicolas Diaz earned the spot for Argentina after finishing fourth in the men's KL1 event. The competition took place at Lagoa Stadium.
Powerlifting
Argentina has qualified one athlete to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro. The competition will take place at Riocentro. Jose David Coronel previously competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in the 75 kg category.
Rowing
Argentina has qualified one rower to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro. The competition will take place at Rodrigo de Freitas Lagoon.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships. Argentina qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the 2.4m event with a sixteenth-place finish overall and the sixth country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships. The boat was crewed by Tomas Saez Raffaelli. Yet, the boat was crewed at the 2016 Games by Juan Fernández Ocampo, who previously competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games.
Swimming
Argentina has qualified 11 Paralympic swimmers to the 2016 Summer Paralympic Games, which will compete in various events at the Olympic Aquatics Stadium in Rio de Janeiro.
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
Women
Wheelchair basketball
The Argentina women's national wheelchair basketball team has qualified for the 2016 Rio Paralympics. As hosts, Brazil got to choose which group they were put into. They were partnered with Algeria, who would be put in the group they did not chose. Brazil chose Group A, which included Canada, Germany, Great Britain and Argentina. Algeria ended up in Group B with the United States, the Netherlands, France and China.
Group A
Wheelchair tennis
Argentina qualified three competitors in the men's single event, Ezequiel Casco, Gustavo Fernandez and Agustin Ledesma. Fernandez was the Parapan American Games champion.
See also
Argentina at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Argentine sport
David Skae MD, FRCSEd (5 July 1814 – 18 April 1873) was a Scottish physician who specialised in psychological medicine. He has been described as the founder of the Edinburgh School of Psychiatry and several of his assistants and pupils went on to become leading psychiatrists throughout the British Isles.
Life
David Skae was born at 5 Elder Street in Edinburgh the son of David Skae, an architect and builder, and his wife, Helen Lothian. Both parents died whilst David was a child, and he was educated by his maternal uncle, the Rev. William Lothian, at St Andrews. At the age of fourteen Skae began his university career, studying liberal arts at the University of St Andrews. At sixteen years of age he left St Andrews to take up a post as a clerk in a lawyer's office in Edinburgh. Shortly thereafter he enrolled as a medical student and in 1835 he qualified as a Licentiate of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (LRCSEd). In the following year he was awarded Fellowship of the College (FRCSEd). In 1836 he began to teach in the Edinburgh Extramural School of Medicine and his lectures on medical jurisprudence soon became popular. After delivering fourteen courses of lectures, he began to teach anatomy at the Extramural School where his colleagues included James Young Simpson, Professor James Spence, and William Fergusson. In 1842, St Andrews University awarded him a Doctorate of Medicine.
Meanwhile from 1836 Skae filled the office of surgeon to the Lock Hospital, and wrote several original papers on syphilis. He made insanity his special study, approaching it from the point of view of a student of nervous and mental physiology. In 1846 he obtained the appointment of physician superintendent of the Royal Edinburgh Asylum at Morningside, and held the post till his death, twenty-seven years later. During his tenure of office the institution doubled in size, and he attracted a succession of gifted assistant physicians. From 1853 and up until a few years before his death, he lectured on insanity for medical students in the wards of the asylum. A number of his lectures (some of the very earliest of their kind ever given in Britain) have been collected and are today held within the archives of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh. From 1870 he was assisted by Dr (later Sir) John Sibbald.
In 1873 he was nominated Morisonian lecturer on insanity at the RCPE; but he did not live to complete his term of office.
He died at his official residence at Tipperlinn House in Morningside, Edinburgh, of oesophegeal cancer, on 18 April of that year. He is buried in Grange Cemetery in south Edinburgh. The grave stands on the east side of the main eastern path.
Family
He had married Sarah Macpherson, daughter of Major Macpherson of Ayr, and they had children.
His children included Dr Frederick William Adolphus Skae (b.1842) also an expert in mental health.
Works
Skae published papers on 'The Treatment of Dipsomaniacs' in 1858, and on 'The Legal Relations of Insanity' (1861 and 1867). His major work was the 'Classification of the Various Forms of Insanity on a Rational and Practical Basis.' He made this topic the subject of an address which he delivered at the Royal College of Physicians, London, on the occasion of his occupying the presidential chair of the Association of Medical Officers of Asylums (9 July 1863); and he further developed it in the Morisonian lectures on insanity, 1873. These lectures were completed and published posthumously by his pupil and successor, Thomas Smith Clouston. Skae's classification is founded upon what he called the 'Natural History of Insanity.' Instead of separating the insane into groups of maniacs, melancholiacs, and so on, Skae proposed that classification should be based on the underlying bodily condition of the patient—puerperal mania, traumatic mania, and so on. Skae's classification was not generally adopted. His definition of insanity was "a disease of the brain affecting the mind".
References
Attribution
1814 births
1873 deaths
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Scottish medical writers
Heads of psychiatric hospitals
19th-century Scottish medical doctors
Scottish psychiatrists
19th-century Scottish writers
Alan (died 9 March 769) was an Aquitanian scholar, hermit and homilist who served as the sixth Abbot of Farfa in central Italy from 761. Before taking over at Farfa, Alan composed the Homiliarium Alani, "one of the most successful homiliaries of the late eighth and early ninth centuries", traces of which may be found in the liturgical formulae scattered throughout Farfa's eighth-century charters.
Alan may have been a native of Aquitaine or perhaps just a member of an Aquitanian family established in the Sabina. There is a charter dating to his tenure as abbot, from January 766, which refers to a certain Teuderisinus as the abbot's avus, that is, grandfather (or perhaps ancestor). This Teuderisinus held land at Rieti and also in the countryside. He gave half of the former, two rural casae, and an undefined property to Farfa sometime before 766. In the charter of January that year a certain Theodosius made an exchange of land at Mallianus with Farfa in which he received the lands formerly granted it by Teuderisinus. If Teuderisinus was indeed the grandfather of Alan, this implies "hitherto undreamt-of mobility and geographical scope among the landowning class, as well as strong and enduring connections between the Sabina and Gaul among the laity as much as the monastic clergy."
According to Gregory of Catino, the eleventh-century historian of Farfa, Alan was elected abbot in 761 to replace the abbot Wandelbert, who was retiring or was forced to do so. According to Gregory, Alan was selected for his moral and intellectual qualities. At the time he was residing in seclusion at a hermitage he had built beside the oratory (oratorium) dedicated to Saint Martin atop Monte Acuziano (Monte San Martino), overlooking the abbey. He would spend much of his abbacy there also. The first contemporary document in which he appears as abbot is dated to January of that year (the fourth indiction).
In the first year of his abbacy Alan brought to an end an ongoing dispute with the local Audualdi family by extracting an oath from Corvillus and purchasing the land Maurus owned at Mallianus, locus of the dispute. During his abbacy Alan also received twelve private donations (including oblations), purchased six properties, and made property exchanges with six others. He also received one promissio (promise of land). The overall picture of his administration is one of continued expansion of the abbey's lands but increased "rationalisation" of what it already held. Alan also received from Duke Theodicius of Spoleto four grants of income and land between 763 and 767. On the first occasion (763) he received the tithes of two curtes; on the second (765) a gualdus; on the third (766) two casae (houses) and a casalis; and on the final occasion (767) some pasture. Alan was otherwise in conflict with the duke, who accused the abbey of encroaching on public land, estates it had in fact received from king Aistulf some years earlier. In 762 king Desiderius confirmed Farfa's entitlement to some other lands it had received from Aistulf. Alan did not or, perhaps of unfamiliarity with local politics was unable to, cultivate a relationship with the king that benefited the abbey, as that between Desiderius and the later abbot Probatus would.
According to Gregory of Catino, Alan died on 9 March 769. On the day of his death, perhaps already senile, he was convinced by a certain Guicpert to appoint him his successor. In the end the monks had to get the king to expel Guicpert and grant the abbey the right to elect a successor. They chose Probatus.
Works
Alanus de Farfa: Homiliarium Alani, Europeana
Notes
|-
769 deaths
People from Aquitaine
Abbots of Farfa
Year of birth unknown
8th-century Christian clergy
French hermits
Flerzheim is a district of Rheinbach in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Location
Flerzheim is located twelve kilometres southwest of Bonn in the Cologne Lowland in the foothills of the Eifel, in Germany. Through the town flows the Swift River. North of the town is Müttinghoven, and Lüftelberg east; south and west of the town is Meckenheim Ramershoven. Flerzheim is adjacent to the park Kottenforst-Ville.
History
As early as 5000 years ago people lived on the territory of today Flerzheims. In the year 31 BC, the Romans settled in the district. Around the year 20 AD, they established a well-known villa north of Flerzheim in the 4th Century but was destroyed. Today's Flerzheim was founded in 807 AD.
Under the Bonn-law, Flerzheim was recognized on 1 January 1969 as a district on the Rhine river. Flerzheim is retained as a separate village as part of the town Rheinbach; however, the phone prefix number is the town of Meckenheim (02225).
Transportation
The bus line 800 of Bonn / Rhine river of regional Cologne Buservice (RVK) provides links to other safe places. Also located within 5 kilometers of 3 stops the Voreifel train from Bonn to Euskirchen.
In the city, the country's roads 113 and 163 meet.
Two highways run west in the vicinity: the A61 is 2 km away and the A565 east 4 km away.
Attractions
St. Martin (Flerzheim)
Heisterbach Abbey
Notable persons
Andrew Gau (1800–1862), Catholic theologian
Districts of North Rhine-Westphalia
The 2001 World Aesthetic Gymnastics Championships, the 2nd edition of the Aesthetic group gymnastics competition, was held in Tallinn, Estonia from June 29 to 30, at the Kalev Sports Hall.
Participating nations
Results
References
External links
IFAGG site
World Aesthetic Gymnastics Championships
2001 in Estonian sport
2001 in gymnastics
Gymnastics competitions in Estonia
International sports competitions hosted by Estonia
Twyford Wood, formerly known as Twyford Forest, is a commercial wood around in Lincolnshire owned by the Forestry Commission, England, an agency of the British Government and managed by its subsidiary, Forest Enterprise (England).
History
A woodland had existed before the Second World War, covering approximately . During the war, much of the land beyond this was developed from 1943 onwards as RAF North Witham. This was used operationally by the United States USAAF. At the end of air hostilities in Europe, the USAAF handed the site back to the Royal Air Force, who used the site as a bomb-collection dump, from which ordnance was then dispatched for disposal.
At the end of hostilities of the Second World War, the woodland and RAF site were taken over by the Forestry Commission in 1945. In the 1950s, they redeveloped all of their woodlands holdings in the River Trent valley with Scots and Corsican pine for use by local industry, leaving the original Quercus robur oaks on the original woodland in place.
The name Twyford comes from the former medieval village of that name, south of Colsterworth, Note: there is a similarly named surviving village at SK728103
Present
Managed commercially today by Forest Enterprise (England), the commercial woodland lies one mile to the east of Colsterworth. To the south is Beaumont Wood.
Soil and geology
The soil association is 712g Ragdale. Chalky till; slowly permeable seasonally waterlogged clayey and fine loamy over clayey soil. Boulder clay over upper Lincolnshire limestone.
Nature conservation
The butterfly reserves are managed by the Lincolnshire branch of Butterfly Conservation. It is home to the dingy skipper and the grizzled skipper.
Facilities
There is a small car park, with access from the A151. The wood is used for off-road motor sport.
References
Ordnance Survey. (several maps)
Bruce Barrymore Halpenny Action Stations 2. (1991) .
Soil Survey of England and Wales. Sheet 4. (1983)
Institute of Geological Sciences. One-Inch Series, Sheet 143.)
External links
Forestry Commission
The Tardis and Twyford Wood
News items
Lincolnshire Police in November 1997
Forests and woodlands of Lincolnshire
South Kesteven District
Motorsport venues in England
Foreign Land () is a 1995 Brazilian action film directed by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas.
Cast
Alberto Alexandre - Maitre Machado
Fernando Alves Pinto - Paco
Alexandre Borges - Miguel
Canto e Castro - Porteiro
Laura Cardoso - Manuela
António Cara D'Anjo - Espanhol 1
Filipe Ferrer - Coprador
João Grosso - Carlos
Miguel Guilherme - André
Miguel Hurst - Angolano 3
Tchéky Karyo - Kraft
João Lagarto - Pedro
Zeka Laplaine - Loli
Álvaro Lavín - Espanhol 2
Carla Lupi - Agente turismo
Fernanda Torres - Alex
Review
—Sounds and Colours
Reception
Foreign Land has the rank of two out of five stars on AllMovie.
References
External links
1995 films
1995 crime thriller films
1990s chase films
1990s Portuguese-language films
Brazilian black-and-white films
Films directed by Walter Salles
Films directed by Daniela Thomas
Brazilian crime thriller films
The Rosedale Plantation Barn is a historic barn at 879 Old Military Road in Arkadelphia, Arkansas. The barn measures by , and was constructed from hand-hewn logs. It is the last surviving structure of a slave plantation that was established in 1860, and was disassembled and reconstructed at its present location in 2002 to save it from demolition. It is believed to be the largest log barn in the state.
The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clark County, Arkansas
References
Commercial buildings completed in 1860
Buildings and structures in Arkadelphia, Arkansas
Barns on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Clark County, Arkansas
Robert Sidney Pratten (1824–1868), was an English flautist. He played first flute for the Royal Italian Opera, English Opera, the Sacred Harmonic Society, Philharmonic, and other concerts and musical festivals.
Pratten was born on 23 January 1824, the second son of a music professor.
On 24 September 1854, Pratten married the German guitar virtuoso, composer and teacher Catharina Josepha Pelzer (1824-1895), later also known as Madame Sidney Pratten.
Pratten died on 10 February 1868, aged 44, at Ramsgate.
References
1824 births
1868 deaths
English flautists
19th-century English musicians
Fyodor Adrianovich Funtikov (1875/76 – 5 May 1926) was Chairman of Provisional Executive Committee of the Transcaspian Region Soviet during the period July 1918 – Jan 1919. He was a Socialist Revolutionary railway worker, who in his role as head of the Transcaspian Government was held responsible for the execution of the 26 Baku Commissars.
Biography
Funtikov was a locomotive engineer and a member of the Socialist Revolutionary Party since 1905. On 11–12 July 1918 he became one of the leaders of the anti-Bolshevik uprising of workers in Ashgabat. On 12 July, he was elected the head of the Transcaspian Government by the Ashgabat strike committee, composed mainly of workers, Socialist-Revolutionaries and Mensheviks. According to historians Michel Heller and Alexander Nekrich, this was the only truly working class government in Russia.
After the defeat of the rebels near Chardzhou on 28 July 1918, Funtikov turned for help to the head of the British military mission in Mashhad (northeastern Iran), General Wilfred Malleson, with whom a formal agreement was signed on 19 August 1918. Malleson sent 2,000 Indian sepoys led by Colonel Nollis, who took command of the combined forces. As a result, the Funtikov government fell into a certain dependence on the British, which subsequently gave Soviet historiography reason to consider it as a "puppet". On 19 September 1918, Funtikov participated in a meeting in Krasnovodsk, where it was decided to shoot the 26 Baku Commissars.
On 2 January 1919, after the unrest of workers in Ashgabat, the Provisional Government was ousted and replaced by a "Committee of Public Salvation" of five persons who Funtikov was arrested on 15 January 1919 on charges of corruption. On 2 March 1919, Funtikov testified to the former member of the SR Central Committee, Vadim Chaikin, who, on behalf of the Central Committee, conducted an investigation into the participation of party members in the murder of commissars. He said of his role in the execution: "I was aware of this upcoming case, but did not consider it possible to prevent it ... the execution was previously decided at the insistence of the English mission."
Soon after, Funtikov was released and left for Russia as a private individual. Funtikov hid on his farm near Tsaritsyn until he was betrayed to the Cheka by his daughter. He was then put on trial in Baku on 26 April 1926. The trial was well publicised. Funtikov was described by N. Smirnov as "a man of medium height, dressed in a worn chuiku and boots, with a thick beard on a slightly elongated face." Mir Bashir Gasimov attended the trial. He was charged with rebellion against the Soviet regime, relations with foreign states and the organization of terrorist acts. The court hearings were held in the hall, which accommodated one and a half thousand people, and, in addition, powerful loudspeakers were installed on one of the squares in Baku. He pleaded guilty to counter-revolutionary activity and organising an uprising to seize power in the Transcaspian region. He admitted linking up with the British command and in the shooting of 9 Ashgabat commissars. However he denied any involvement in the execution of the Baku commissars. The central newspapers Pravda and Izvestia, as well as Dawn of the East and Baku Worker regularly and fully covered the process.
On 27 April 1926 he was found guilty and sentenced to death. After his application for clemency was rejected, Fyodor Funtikov was executed on 5 May 1926.
References
1926 deaths
Socialist Revolutionary Party politicians
People executed by the Soviet Union
People of the Russian Revolution
20th century in Turkmenistan
Year of birth uncertain
Russian revolutionaries
Mian Mahalleh () may refer to:
Mian Mahalleh, Gilan
Mian Mahalleh, Mazandaran
The Angel of Pennsylvania Avenue is an American 1996 television film directed by Robert Ellis Miller, the last film Miller directed before his death on January 27, 2017. The film was completed days before actor Robert Urich had surgery for cancer.
Plot
During the Great Depression, an unemployed Detroit man is arrested for a crime he didn't commit, prompting his three children to travel over 500 miles to the White House in search of help from President Herbert Hoover in order to have their father home for Christmas.
Cast
Diana Scarwid as Annie Feagan
Robert Urich as Angus Feagan
Tegan Moss as Bernice Feagan
Britt Irvin as Lily Feagan
Alexander Pollock as Jack Feagan
Camille Mitchell as Margaret
Thomas Peacocke as President Herbert Hoover
Production
Filming took place in Vancouver, British Columbia during October and November 1996. Robert Urich had been diagnosed with synovial sarcoma in August 1996 and received treatments while filming was taking place; Ulrich had also completed a chemotherapy course just before he was approached to perform as Angus. Days after filming was completed Ulrich had surgery for the cancer.
Release
The Angel of Pennsylvania Avenue premiered on The Family Channel on December 15, 1996. It was a co-production between the channel and Hallmark Entertainment.
Reception
Radio Times gave it 2 stars, saying "Cheesy dialogue and general overacting don't help matters, though it still warms the heart when the trio are finally given their audience with President Hoover."
References
External links
1996 television films
1996 films
1990s Christmas drama films
ABC Family original films
American Christmas drama films
Films about presidents of the United States
Films directed by Robert Ellis Miller
Great Depression films
Christmas television films
Cultural depictions of Herbert Hoover
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Baharuia is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1995. It contains only one known species, Baharuia gracilis, native to Borneo and northern Sumatra.
References
Flora of Borneo
Flora of Sumatra
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Apocyneae
Sir Adam Ferguson (1770–1854) was deputy keeper of the regalia in Scotland.
Life
Ferguson was born on 21 December 1770, the first son of Professor Adam Ferguson.
Ferguson is recorded attending the Royal High School, Edinburgh in 1777. At both the Royal High School and the University of Edinburgh he was one of the companions of Walter Scott. This friendship with Scott developed into a strong bond lasting until Scotts death in 1832. An example: "Of all Scott's bosom-cronies the man of quickest, lightest, most spontaneous fun, of most triumphant mimicry, and of gentlest, happiest temper, was, by universal testimony, Sir Adam Ferguson". Another example described in Scott's memoirs, is his letter to Lord Montagu, the 4th Duke of Buccleuch in 1819 recommending Ferguson as personal secretary for the Duke's impending visit to Lisbon. He was also one of the nineteen original members of the society, 'called by way of excellence, "The Club"', (a club formed for the consumption of oysters, claret and rum punch) among the members of which, from the accident of a Newhaven fisherman mistaking him for a brother of the craft, he obtained the cognomen of Linton. It was in company with Ferguson that Scott in 1793 first visited the scenes in Perthshire on the highland border which he afterwards described in his poems and romances. In 1797 Ferguson accompanied Scott to the Lake District and whilst staying at Gilsland, one evening, both dressed up in their regimental uniform of The Royal Edinburgh Volunteers which they had recently joined, and met Scott's future wife Charlotte Carpenter. By joining The Volunteers he began to shape his future military life. Between 1803 and 1806 he was the collector of the Widows Fund for the Society of Writers to His Majesty's Signet.
In the early 1800s Ferguson entered the army; he was appointed an ensign on 1 December 1805 in the 2nd battalion 21st Regiment of Foot serving in Scotland and Ireland. He was appointed a lieutenant on 21 October 1806 in the 2nd battalion 34th Regiment serving in Jersey. He was promoted to captain in the 2nd battalion 58th Regiment in February 1808 and served in Jersey until embarking for Portugal where he arrived on 2 July 1809. He served in the Peninsular War under the 1st Duke of Wellington. Ferguson commanded a company of some 58 men from the 2nd Battalion, of the 58th Regiment of Foot. The battalion comprising nine companies and were initially based in Lisbon as a protection force. The battalion was headquartered at Vila Nova and then moved northwards in autumn 1810 to the Lines of Torres Vedras. It was whilst protecting "The Lines" he describes in a letter to Scott receiving a copy of The Lady of the Lake and reading Canto Vi to his soldiers whilst under cannon fire. In April 1812 the regiment was involved in the Battle of Salamanca. For his actions he later received the Salamanca bar on his Peninsular war medal. He was taken prisoner during Wellington's retreat from Burgos in autumn 1812, held prisoner in a town in the Auvergne, and was not released till the peace of 1814. As a prisoner of the Napoleonic Army, despite suffering some hardships, he was accorded some favour from Napoleon for the sake of his father's first cousin Joseph Black M.D. On 8 October 1816 he went on half-pay and appointed to the 101st Regiment on disbandment.
In the summer of 1817 Ferguson accompanied Scott in an excursion to the Lennox, with the main aim of visiting Rob Roy's cave at the head of Loch Lomond. In the following year he and his sisters took up their residence in the mansion-house of Toftfield, which Scott had recently purchased, and on which, at the ladies' request, he bestowed the name of Huntlyburn. On 19 August 1818 Ferguson, mainly through the exertions of Scott, was appointed keeper of the Scottish Regalia, which then had recently been re-discovered. About this time, Ferguson commissioned Sir David Wilkie to paint the Scott family resulting in the painting The Abbotsford Family in which Scott and his family are represented as a group of peasants and Ferguson as a gamekeeper or poacher. Ferguson is seen standing to the right of Scott with the feather in his cap.
In 1819 Ferguson, in the capacity of secretary, accompanied Scott's friend, Charles Montagu Scott, 4th Duke of Buccleuch, then in declining health, to Lisbon. In 1821 he married the widow of George Lyon of London, and daughter of John Stewart of Stenton, Perthshire. They lived at Gattonside House between 1821 and 1824. On the occasion of the visit of King George IV to Scotland he was knighted at Hopetoun House on 29 August 1822.They later return to Huntlyburn and are living there from around 1826 onwards.
Between 1847 and 1852 Ferguson lived at 27 George Square, Edinburgh they are depicted in a painting executed by David Cooke Gibson held in the Scottish National Gallery.
He died on 25 December 1854. He was buried on 1 January 1855 in the now sealed south-west section of Greyfriars Kirkyard known as the Covenanter's Prison with his wife Margaret Stewart of Stenton.
Paintings and Memorial
Note
The information citing the regiments that he served with is taken from primary sources shown. This differs from the 19th century secondary source biographers and writers who no doubt looked at the mid 19th century Army list which only list the 101st regiment; this was the final regiment he was appointed to on half pay. The 101st regiment did not serve in the Peninsular: they were posted to Jamaica, but also spent a short time in Jersey at the same time as Ferguson was working as secretary to the lieutenant governor General Sir George Don in St Helier. Ferguson describes the parties and dark eyed lassies of the island to Scott in his letters.
Current photographs of Ferguson's homes close to Abbotsford House where Scott lived:
References
Attribution
by Thomas Finlayson Henderson. That article cited "Lockhart's Life of Scott" and "Gent. Mag. new ser. (1855) xliii. 195." The Gentleman's Magazine.
External links
National Galleries Scotland
Sir Walter Scott's Friends by Florence MacCunn 1910 p.327
1771 births
1854 deaths
18th-century Scottish people
19th-century Scottish people
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish soldiers
British Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
British prisoners of war (Napoleonic Wars)
Prisoners of war held by France
People educated at the Royal High School, Edinburgh
burials at Greyfriars Kirkyard
The Norwegian Hospitality Association () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The CEO is Kristin Krohn Devold and the Chairman of the board is Ole Warberg.
The Norwegian Hospitality Association is a member organization consisting of hotels and other accommodation, restaurants, catering and other food service businesses. Members also include campsites, family amusement parks, alpine facilities and other attractions. Member businesses make their living offering experiences ranging from lodging to rafting: in short, anything in the area of tourism.
The Norwegian Hospitality Association has 2500 member businesses with a total of 55,000 employees and annual turnover nearing NOK 30 billion. The organization covers the entire country, has seven district offices and is one of the three largest national associations in the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise (NHO). The affiliation with the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise enables the Norwegian Hospitality Association to benefit from the organization's extensive resources. The Norwegian Hospitality Association desires to participate actively in the shaping of Norwegian industrial policy and seeks to influence decisions that public bodies take nationally or locally. Its overarching aim is to create enhanced profitability for its member businesses.
The Norwegian Hospitality Association is a party to wage negotiations, at the same time as it has extensive expertise in wage and employer issues. Member businesses also have the advantage of such services as the Norwegian Hospitality Association's Service Office. Co-operation agreements for purchasing from a number of major suppliers to the industry make considerable savings for member businesses.
In 2005, hospitality businesses contributed NOK 80 billion to GNP. Lodging and food service comprise 10,759 businesses that have NOK 52 billion in sales and employ 88,975 persons, which constitutes 4.1 percent of the total employment in Norway.
References
External links
Official site
Employers' organisations in Norway
The 2021 U.S. Poker Open was the third edition of the U.S. Poker Open, a series of high-stakes poker tournaments held at Aria Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. The series was held from June 3-15, with 12 scheduled events culminating in a $50,000 No-Limit Hold'em tournament. The player who earned the most points throughout the series was crowned the champion, earning $50,000 and the Golden Eagle trophy.
David Peters won three events and cashed four times to win the series championship for the second consecutive time. Sean Winter won the Main Event and finished second in the overall standings, also for the second straight time.
Schedule
Series leaderboard
Results
Event #1: $10,000 No-Limit Hold'em
2-Day Event: June 3-4
Number of Entries: 95
Total Prize Pool: $950,000
Number of Payouts: 14
Winning Hand:
Event #2: $10,000 Pot-Limit Omaha
2-Day Event: June 4-5
Number of Entries: 65
Total Prize Pool: $650,000
Number of Payouts: 10
Winning Hand:
Event #3: $10,000 No-Limit Hold'em
2-Day Event: June 5-6
Number of Entries: 77
Total Prize Pool: $770,000
Number of Payouts: 11
Winning Hand:
Event #4: $10,000 Big Bet Mix
2-Day Event: June 6-7
Number of Entries: 48
Total Prize Pool: $480,000
Number of Payouts: 7
Winning Hand: (2-7 Single Draw)
Event #5: $10,000 No-Limit Hold'em
2-Day Event: June 7-8
Number of Entries: 85
Total Prize Pool: $850,000
Number of Payouts: 13
Winning Hand:
Event #6: $10,000 8-Game
2-Day Event: June 8-9
Number of Entries: 68
Total Prize Pool: $680,000
Number of Payouts: 10
Winning Hand: / / (Stud 8)
Event #7: $10,000 No-Limit Hold'em
2-Day Event: June 9-10
Number of Entries: 99
Total Prize Pool: $990,000
Number of Payouts: 15
Winning Hand:
Event #8: $10,000 Pot-Limit Omaha
2-Day Event: June 10-11
Number of Entries: 63
Total Prize Pool: $630,000
Number of Payouts: 9
Winning Hand:
Event #9: $10,000 No-Limit Hold'em
2-Day Event: June 11-12
Number of Entries: 99
Total Prize Pool: $990,000
Number of Payouts: 15
Winning Hand:
Event #10: $10,000 Short Deck
2-Day Event: June 12-13
Number of Entries: 27
Total Prize Pool: $270,000
Number of Payouts: 4
Winning Hand:
Event #11: $25,000 No-Limit Hold'em
2-Day Event: June 13-14
Number of Entries: 69
Total Prize Pool: $1,725,000
Number of Payouts: 10
Winning Hand:
Event #12: $50,000 No-Limit Hold'em
2-Day Event: June 14-15
Number of Entries: 42
Total Prize Pool: $2,100,000
Number of Payouts: 6
Winning Hand:
Leaders
References
External links
Official website
2021 in poker
2021 in sports in Nevada
Poker television shows
Poker tournaments
Firmino Baptista is a paralympic athlete from Portugal competing mainly in category T11 sprint events.
Baptista competed in his first Paralympics in 2000 where he ran in the 100m and 200m, winning a silver medal in the 200m. He also competed in the following two Paralympics in 2004 and 2008 but despite competing in the 100m, 200m and the 4 × 100 m was unable to win any further medals.
References
Paralympic athletes of Portugal
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Portugal
Portuguese male sprinters
Living people
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the World Para Athletics European Championships
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Visually impaired sprinters
Paralympic sprinters
15029/15030 Gorakhpur–Pune Weekly Express is the Express train of the Indian Railways connecting Pune in Maharashtra and Gorakhpur via Basti of Uttar Pradesh.
It has inaugurated at Thursday 26 March 2015. At any given time the 15029 Gorakhpur - Pune Weekly Express always gets the normal priority like other express, on any line.
The 15029/15030 Gorakhpur - Pune weekly Express left Gorakhpur Junction railway station for Pune Junction railway station, to cover a distance of km in 34 hours 40 mins. It had a 1-1 AC 2&3-Tier and 8 3-Tier Sleeper. Also, the train is the third Express Train between Gorakhpur Junction railway station to Pune Junction railway station in India and other all trains are Express.
History
This train began in March 2015.
Accommodations
Gorakhpur-Pune is the express train to have One AC-2 TIER Coaches, One AC 3 TIER Coaches, Eight 3 TIER SLEEPER Coaches, Five GEN Coaches and Tow SLR Coaches. The trains have normal priority on the Indian railway network. The trains offer four classes of accommodation: Second Class AC 2-Tier (bays of 4 berths + 2 berths on the side) with open system berth, Second Class AC 3-Tier (bays of 6 berths + 2 berths on the side) it also with open system berth and Second class 3 Tier sleeper (bays of 6 berths + 2 berths on the side). Generally it has 1 AC 2-Tiers and 1 AC 3-Tiers ( both of which may be increased according to demand), it has 8 Second class 3 Tier sleeper(which may be increased according to demand), it has no pantry car, 5 GEN (Unreserved) and 2 SLR (Second-class Luggage/parcel van + guard van ('G' missing). See note for 'GS' above.)
route
15029 Gorakhpur - Pune Weekly Express leaves Gorakhpur Junction on a weekly basis and reaches Pune Junction on the 3rd day.
15030 Gorakhpur - Pune Weekly Express leaves Pune Junction on a weekly basis and reaches Gorakhpur Junction on the 2nd day.
On this route, the train covers a distance of in 34 hrs 40 mins.
Coach composition
See also
Express trains in India
List of named passenger trains of India
References
Passenger trains originating from Gorakhpur
Transport in Pune
Railway services introduced in 2015
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Red Nose Day 2009 was a fund-raising event organised by Comic Relief, broadcast live on BBC One and BBC Two from the evening of 13 March 2009 to early the following morning. It was part of the "Do Something Funny For Money" campaign. It was held on Friday 13 March till Saturday 14 March 2009 from 7:00 pm to 3:45 am on BBC One.
Presenters
Donation Progress
13 March 2009
The Mount Kilimanjaro total was £3,500,000. The Wine Relief total was £750,000. A notable, single donation of £6,000,000 was donated by an anonymous donor. £501,863 was raised by Ryman. Foxybingo.com raised £150,000. Subway managed to raise £407,763.
14 March 2009
Sketches
Musical Performances
The Show
Top of the Pops
BBC Two's special Comic Relief edition of Top of the Pops, drew an impressive 6.73m (31.6%) over 35 minutes.
Features
Let's Dance for Comic Relief
Best bits from the series so far.
Comic Relief Does The Apprentice
Pre-recorded final installment.
The BT Red Nose Climb
The BT Red Nose Climb saw nine celebrities successfully scale 19,330 feet (5,890 m) to reach the summit of Africa's highest mountain to raise money for Comic Relief. On 27 February 2009, Gary Barlow, Ronan Keating, Chris Moyles, Ben Shephard, Cheryl Cole, Kimberley Walsh, Denise Van Outen, Fearne Cotton, and Alesha Dixon set off to Tanzania to tackle Mount Kilimanjaro with project manager and guide Jeremy Gane of Charity Challenge. The Climb has already raised in excess of £3.5 million with over £1.8 million coming from the audience of BBC Radio 1 (a record for the station.) All nine celebrities reached the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro on Saturday, 7 March 2009. Cheryl Cole, Fearne Cotton, Denise Van Outen and Ben Shephard reached the summit first at sunrise. On Thursday 12 March 2009 BBC One's 'Kilimanjaro: The Big Red Nose Climb' was seen by 8.74m viewers (36.6% share). British Prime Minister Gordon Brown met with the group upon their return to the United Kingdom and congratulated the "nine heroes" on their achievement, saying that they were "inspiring a generation of kids who would never have thought about these things".
Cast and Reporters
Adam Clayton
Adele
Adrian Chiles
Al Murray
Alan Carr
Alan Sugar
Alesha Dixon
Alex Kapranos
Alexander Armstrong
Andy Bell
Anjli Mohindra
Annie Lennox
Anthony McPartlin
Ashley Cole
Ben Miller
Ben Shephard
Bono
Carol Vorderman
Caroline Aherne
Catherine Tate
Cheryl Cole
Chris Moyles
Chris Sharrock
Christine Bleakley
Claire Skinner
Claudia Winkleman
Craig Cash
Daniel Anthony
Daniel Radcliffe
Daniel Roche
Danielle Lloyd
Danny O'Donoghue
David Baddiel
David Beckham
David Mitchell
David Tennant
David Walliams
Davina McCall
Deborah Meaden
Declan Donnelly
Denise van Outen
Dominic Wood
Duncan Bannatyne
The Edge
Edith Bowman
Elisabeth Sladen
Emma Watson
Ewan McGregor
Fearne Cotton
Fern Britton
Fiona Phillips
Flo Rida
Frankie Sandford
French and Saunders
Gok Wan
Gary Barlow
Gem Archer
Gerald Ratner
Graham Norton
Guy Garvey
Harry Enfield
Harry Hill
Howard Donald
Hugh Dennis
Jack Dee
James Caan
James Corden
James Morrison
Jason Gardiner
Jason Manford
Jason Orange
Jennifer Aniston
Joanna Lumley
Jo Brand
John Terry
Jonathan Ross
Kate Moss
Kathryn Drysdale
Katy Brand
Keeley Hawes
Keith Lemon
Kimberley Walsh
Larry Mullen, Jr.
Lemar
Lenny Henry
Louis Walsh
Margaret Mountford
Mark Owen
Mark Potter
Matt Lucas
Mathew Horne
Michael Parkinson
Michelle Mone
Miranda Hart
Mollie King
Nicholas McCarthy
Nick Hewer
Noel Fielding
Noel Gallagher
Omid Djalili
Owen Coyle
Owen Wilson
Patsy Palmer
Paul Thomson
Paul Whitehouse
Pete Turner
Peter Crouch
Peter Jones
Ralf Little
Ramona Marquez
Reggie Yates
Richard Jupp
Richard McCourt
Ricky Gervais
Ricky Tomlinson
Rio Ferdinand
Rob Brydon
Robbie Williams
Robert Hardy
Robert Webb
Rochelle Wiseman
Ronan Keating
Ronnie Corbett
Rory Bremner
Ruby Wax
Rupert Grint
Ruth Jones
Sadie Frost
Sienna Miller
Simon Cowell
Simon Le Bon
Stephen Merchant
Steve Jones
Sue Johnston
Theo Paphitis
Thomas Knight
Tom Jones
Tyger Drew-Honey
Una Healy
Vanessa White
References
External links
BBC Red Nose Day Page
Red Nose Day Official Website
Red Nose Day Schedule
Red Nose Day
2009 in British television
2009 in the United Kingdom
March 2009 events in the United Kingdom
Larry Ahern is an American computer game designer, writer, artist, and animator. He is best known for being the co-project leader on The Curse of Monkey Island, alongside Jonathan Ackley.
Career
Larry Ahern began his career as an artist and animator on Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge in 1991. He was lead animator on Full Throttle in 1995, and finished his tenure at LucasArts as co-project leader on The Curse of Monkey Island in 1997.
After leaving LucasArts, he joined Microsoft in 2001. While there, he worked as an artist on Blood Wake and Microsoft Flight Simulator X. After leaving Microsoft, he co-founded Crackpot Entertainment with former LucasArts alumnus Mike Levine. Through Crackpot Entertainment, they developed the action-adventure game Insecticide,. Part I of Insecticide for the PC was released in 2008. However, development of Part II of the game for the PC was never completed due to a lack of funding. In July 2012, all of the cut scene videos from Part II were released by Levine and Ahern on YouTube. In an interview, Ahern expressed the troublesome development of Part II with the publisher SouthPeak "the new publisher pretty much ignored us for a month or two while they "evaluated" the prospects of our title, which also wasn't a good sign. They ultimately decided not to publish Part II, and we never got much of an explanation, but I'm guessing someone there with a calculator was predicting trouble with the whole venture. Either that or they were just creeped out by bugs.".
He has since been working freelance creating interactive entertainment for amusement parks. In this function, he co-designed Walt Disney World's Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom with his former Curse of Monkey Island co-lead, Jonathan Ackley, in 2012.
Games
1991 Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge, artist, animator (LucasArts)
1992 Super Star Wars, artist, animator (LucasArts)
1993 Zombies Ate My Neighbors, additional art (LucasArts)
1993-Star Wars: Rebel Assault, additional art (LucasArts)
1993 Day of the Tentacle, artist (LucasArts)
1993 Sam & Max Hit the Road, artist (LucasArts)
1995 Full Throttle, lead animator (LucasArts)
1997 The Curse of Monkey Island, co-project leader (LucasArts)
2001 Blood Wake, artist (Microsoft)
2006 Microsoft Flight Simulator X, artist (Microsoft)
2008 Insecticide, co-project leader (Crackpot Entertainment)
2012 Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom, co-designer (The Walt Disney Company)
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Lucasfilm people
American video game designers
American video game directors
The 2014–15 film awards season began in December 2014 with the Gotham Independent Film Awards 2014 and ended in February 2015 with the 87th Academy Awards. Major winners for the year included The Grand Budapest Hotel, Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance), Boyhood, Whiplash, and The Theory of Everything, among others.
Award ceremonies
Films by awards gained
References
American film awards
The Bolt (French: Le Verrou), also known as The Lock, is a gallant scene painted by Jean-Honoré Fragonard in 1777. It is one of the most famous paintings by the painter. The common interpretation suggests that the scene depicts two lovers entwined in a bedroom, the man locking the door. The painting is preserved in the Louvre Museum, in the section of the Department of Paintings devoted to eighteenth-century French painting on the second floor of the Sully wing. It stands together with some of the most famous pictorial masterpieces of the same period, in a chronologically organized path. This painting, a true symbol of the libertine spirit of the 18th century, reflects the state of mind adopted by the painters of the era, notably that of François Boucher, one of Fragonard's teachers and a great representative of rococo painting.
History of the work
Commissioned work
The work was commissioned in 1773 by Louis-Gabriel Véri-Raionard, Marquis de Véri (1722–1785). Having been produced for such a reputable and demanding collector, this erotic painting, ostensibly light but asserting a real ambition, formed part of a collection of depictions that were amorous, at times coarse and yet eminently representative of the spirit of French society at a time when the Enlightenment movement was about to waver. The canvas seemed to unveil a profound revitalization of Fragonard's inspiration that first distinguished itself in historical paintings, in particular Jeroboam Sacrificing to Idols, first prize of Rome 1752. The obtaining of this distinction allowed Fragonard to enjoy a great fame. His scenes of gallantry were extremely popular, and the nobility offered him many commissions, like that of Baron Saint-Julian for The Swing (1767).
Originally, Fragonard had given The Bolt "a more suitable twin: The Contract," itself following on from another called The Armoire. The painting, which belonged to the Marquis of Véri's collection, was brought to us thanks to the etching of Maurice Blot, who had, 8 years previously, made an etching of The Bolt. This print, considered as mediocre, had great success, however, attributable in large part to the fame of Fragonard. Indeed, a theory claimed that the two works, The Contract and The Bolt, constitute, along with another painting of Fragonard, The Armoire, the three chapters of a novel in which the heroes would be the two lovers. The Bolt illustrated the passion of the couple, The Armoire, the discovery of their affair and being caught in the act, and The Contract, their reconciliation.
The Bolt is often considered alongside a work of more sacred inspiration, The Adoration of the Shepherds (1775). This canvas, also commissioned by the marquis, was suggested by Fragonard himself. It shows Fragonard's will to revive holy artwork and draw contrast between two types of love: carnal or libertine love, belonging to the 18th century, and sacred, religious love.
Analysis
Source of inspiration and realization
Painting tall lover of the drawing Fragonard started by making several sketches and surveys of The Bolt. We suppose that the Master used models for the realization of his work, like he sometimes was used to, as could illustrate his canvas The Model's First Sitting. He also liked to draw his inspiration from writings of his time. Gault de Saint-Germain said about him that "Ariosto, Boccaccio, La Fontaine were his inspirers and his ingenious teachers, spiritual in the inventiveness, he got sometimes the freshness of the color of his inimitable models."
Just like Francis Boucher, Fragonard used a sublayer of printing red or gray, said "printer", like colorful background and this before putting the paint. This sublayer allowed to avoid medium absorbing the paint.
After making sketch of the subject by an outline, he applied the paint in several superimposed layers. The stroke was fine, light but precise, nervous and effective. The stroke of Fragonard besides is easily recognizable by his spontaneity, his genius. Note the example of "figures de fantaisie" made, they say, in an hour and which reveal all the mastery of the painter.
External links
http://cartelfr.louvre.fr/cartelfr/visite?srv=car_not_frame&idNotice=10905
1777 paintings
Paintings by Jean-Honoré Fragonard
Erotic art
Paintings in the Louvre by French artists
The Rendsburg Loop () is an elevated spiral railway in Rendsburg in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein, connecting the Rendsburg High Bridge over the Kiel Canal on the Neumünster–Flensburg line to Rendsburg station.
Construction
The first bridge built over the original Kiel Canal in the 1890s was a swing bridge. In 1913, with the widening of the canal, this was replaced by the Rendsburg High Bridge with a clearance height of . This met the requirements for bridges across the canal. At the same time, however, it was desirable for trains to be able to use the existing Rendsburg station. This was difficult, because the station was too close to the canal to be connected directly from a bridge over the canal at the minimum height for the bridge. Therefore, at the northern end of the bridge, an elevated railway was built in the form of a loop. Trains from the south to Rendsburg need to make a 360-degree turn before entering the station. Similarly, trains coming from the north after leaving Rendsburg station run over the loop on to the High Bridge to cross the Kiel Canal.
Schleife district
The district of Rendsburg in which the loop is built is named Schleife after the loop.
Railway lines in Schleswig-Holstein
Buildings and structures in Schleswig-Holstein
Miranda Caroline Sawyer (born January 1967) is an English author, journalist and broadcaster.
Education and early life
Sawyer was born in Bristol and grew up in Wilmslow, Cheshire with her brother Toby, who is an actor. Sawyer was educated at Cheadle Hulme School, a private school in Stockport, and was awarded a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in Jurisprudence from the University of Oxford where she was an undergraduate student of Pembroke College, Oxford.
Career
Sawyer moved to London in 1988 to begin a career as a journalist with the magazine Smash Hits. In 1993, she became the youngest winner of the Periodical Publishers Association Magazine Writer of the Year award for her work on Select magazine. She wrote columns for Time Out (1993–96) and the Daily Mirror (2000–2003), and was a frequent contributor to Mixmag and The Face during the 1990s.
, Sawyer is a feature writer for The Guardian and The Observer and serves as a radio critic. Her work has been published in GQ, Vogue and The Guardian and she is a regular arts critic in print, on television and on radio. She served as a member of the judging panel for the 2007 Turner Prize and the panel that awarded Liverpool its European Capital of Culture status in 2008.
In 2004, Sawyer wrote, researched and presented an hour-long documentary for Channel 4 about the age of consent, Writing in The Guardian in 2003 an article entitled sex is not just for grown-ups she argued for the age of consent to be reduced to 12. In 2007, she presented a highly personal documentary for More4 on abortion rights in the US, A Matter of Life and Death, as part of its Travels with My Camera strand.
Sawyer interrogated Russell Brand for The Guardian in the aftermath of the Russell Brand Show prank calls row.
She has been an occasional guest on the UK arts programme Newsnight Review and The Culture Show on BBC Two, and also BBC Radio 2 and BBC Radio 6 Musics Radcliffe and Maconie Show. She also took part in a celebrity edition of BBC Two's afternoon quiz show The Weakest Link.
Her first book Park and Ride, a travel book on the Great British suburbs, was published by Little, Brown and Company in 1999. Her second book Out of Time on the midlife crisis was published by Harper Collins in 2016.
Personal life
Sawyer married the Belfast-born comedian and actor Michael Smiley in 2007. The couple have two children. In 2014, she appeared in The Life of Rock with Brian Pern as herself.
References
1967 births
English journalists
English music critics
British columnists
Living people
People from Wilmslow
Writers from London
Radio critics
Alumni of Pembroke College, Oxford
English republicans
Allen County Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Iola, in Allen County, Kansas, United States.
Facilities and aircraft
Allen County Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,015 feet (309 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 1/19 with a concrete surface measuring is 5,500 by 100 feet (1,676 x 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending July 25, 2008, the airport had 16,502 aircraft operations, an average of 45 per day: 97% general aviation, 3% air taxi, <1% scheduled commercial and <1% military. At that time there were 11 aircraft based at this airport: 82% single-engine and 18% multi-engine.
References
External links
Allen County Airport at Iola.com
Aerial photo from USGS The National Map, 28 August 1992
Airports in Kansas
Buildings and structures in Allen County, Kansas
Kansas
Airports
Father Lopez Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Daytona Beach, Florida. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orlando. 413 students are enrolled.
History
Father Lopez Catholic High School was established in 1959 to meet the growing need for a central Catholic high school in the Daytona area. The school replaced several parish schools, including St. Paul Parish School, which was established in 1924 as the first Catholic high school in the area. It was built by the Diocese of St. Augustine at 960 Madison Avenue. The school was accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
In 1968 the school was transferred to the administration of the Diocese of Orlando.
In 2001 the school paid $1.17 million for of land and two buildings as the first step in a planned $3 million expansion and renovation project.
In 2004 Bishop Thomas Wenski signed a $2 million-plus agreement for the Orlando Diocese to buy on LPGA Boulevard for a replacement campus. The Diocese sold the approximately old campus to help pay for the new school.
In 2005 Wenski supplied $1.5 million of diocesan funds for the new school. The school raised $10 million.
A new school was constructed in 2008 in Daytona, about from its previous location. The campus has a main football field with a new track, a new baseball field, a new softball field, new tennis courts and practice fields.
Student body
The enrollment for 2012-2013 is about 413 students. Senior class is about 95 students. Nine Advanced Placement (AP) courses are offered. 68.4% passed AP courses in 2010; Florida average was 42.9%. Class of 2009 mean SAT score was 1549; average Florida score was 1475. ACT composite mean score was 21.9; Florida mean score was 19.5. 64% of the class of 2009 enrolled in the Bright Futures Scholarship Program.
Campus
The campus, new in 2008, cost $30 million. The 100 seat chapel was constructed in the Spanish style. The stadium seats 1200.
There is a double gym that holds 740 people. There are over 24 computers for public use, 24 computers for classes, and a television production room with a screen and news casting equipment. The cafeteria-auditorium holds 740 with a "murphy bed" fold up stage. The area also doubles as a dance studio. An "in-house" chef caters continuous events.
Athletics
The school fields 32 teams playing 13 sports.
Recognition
The girls' varsity basketball team were State champs in 2005 and 2013.
The boys' varsity cross-country team were State champs in 2015.
Ryan Waddell was the 1A 238 lb state weightlifting champion in 2019.
Notable alumni
Larry Hogan - Governor of Maryland
Colin Castleton - University of Florida Basketball player
Daniel Dye - ARCA Menards Series driver
Recognition
The National Catholic Educational Association recognized the school board as "outstanding" in 2008, the only board to be so recognized.
Notes and references
External links
School Website
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Buildings and structures in Daytona Beach, Florida
Educational institutions established in 1959
High schools in Volusia County, Florida
1959 establishments in Florida
Wayne County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 16,760. Its county seat is Fairfield. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
Wayne County was formed in 1819 out of Edwards County. It is named after Gen. "Mad Anthony" Wayne, an officer in the Revolutionary War and Northwest Indian War.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Fairfield have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1901. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in April.
Major highways
Interstate 64
U.S. Highway 45
Illinois Route 15
Illinois Route 242
Adjacent counties
Clay County (north)
Richland County (northeast)
Edwards County (east)
White County (southeast)
Hamilton County (south)
Jefferson County (southwest)
Marion County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 16,760 people, 7,102 households, and 4,853 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,975 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.0% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 17.0% were German, 14.1% were English, 12.7% were American, and 9.8% were Irish.
Of the 7,102 households, 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.7% were non-families, and 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.86. The median age was 42.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,207 and the median income for a family was $47,879. Males had a median income of $34,800 versus $27,192 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,493. About 9.9% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.0% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Fairfield
Villages
Cisne
Golden Gate
Jeffersonville
Johnsonville
Keenes
Mount Erie
Sims
Wayne City
Unincorporated communities
Barnhill
Ellery
Mayberry
Rinard
Wynoose
Zenith
Townships
Wayne County is divided into these 20 townships:
Arrington
Barnhill
Bedford
Berry
Big Mound
Elm River
Four Mile
Garden Hill
Grover
Hickory Hill
Indian Prairie
Jasper
Keith
Lamard
Leech
Massilon
Mount Erie
Orchard
Orel
Zif
Program 1033 Acquisitions
According to Department of Defense data, Wayne County has received six 5.56MM rifles and three "Utility Trucks" with a total acquisition cost of $120,705.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wayne County
References
Illinois counties
1819 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1819
Wayne County, Illinois
Tarrasch Trap refers to two different chess opening traps in the Ruy Lopez that are named for Siegbert Tarrasch. Unlike many variations that appear only in analysis, Tarrasch actually sprung his traps against masters in tournament games.
Tarrasch Trap in the Open Variation
Two masters actually fell for this trap against Tarrasch: Johannes Zukertort at Frankfurt in 1887 and Isidor Gunsberg at Manchester in 1890.
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 Nf6 5. 0-0 Nxe4
This is the Open Variation of the Ruy Lopez.
6. d4 b5 7. Bb3 d5 8. dxe5 Be6 9. c3 Be7 10. Re1 0-0 11. Nd4 Qd7 (see diagram)
Falling into the trap.
12. Nxe6
No matter how Black recaptures, the pawn on d5 will be pinned (along the d-file or along the a2–g8 diagonal). After 12...Qxe6 or 12...fxe6 White wins a piece with 13.Rxe4.
Tarrasch Trap in the Steinitz Variation
The second Tarrasch Trap, sometimes referred to as the Dresden Trap, occurs in the Steinitz Variation. Tarrasch published analysis of this trap in 1891, but 18 months later Georg Marco fell into it in Tarrasch versus Marco, Dresden 1892. Tarrasch spent just five minutes thinking during the entire game.
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 d6
This is the Steinitz Variation of the Ruy Lopez.
4. d4 Bd7
Black breaks the pin to meet the threat of 5.d5.
5. Nc3 Nf6 6. 0-0 Be7 7. Re1 (see diagram)
Laying a subtle trap. Castling seems natural for Black but it loses a pawn. Instead, 7...exd4 is better.
7... 0-0? 8. Bxc6 Bxc6 9. dxe5 dxe5 10. Qxd8 Raxd8 11. Nxe5
Black's best move here is probably 11...Bd7, although White would remain a pawn ahead.
11... Bxe4 12. Nxe4 Nxe4
White can go astray too, 13.Rxe4?? would be a horrible blunder as Black would checkmate with 13...Rd1+ 14. Re1 Rxe1#. White blocks that possibility with his next move, making the threat real against the black knight on e4.
13. Nd3 f5
The black knight cannot move because of the pin against the bishop on e7.
14. f3 Bc5+?!
Better is 14...Bh4 15.g3 Nxg3 16.hxg3 Bxg3 where Black get two pawns for the knight.
15. Nxc5 Nxc5 16. Bg5 Rd5 17. Be7 Re8 18. c4 1–0
White wins at least the exchange, so Marco resigned.
References
Bibliography
Chess traps
1887 in chess
1891 in chess
Alan Douglas Greene (15 April 1856 – 18 June 1928) was an English cricketer. He was educated at Clifton College, where he played cricket for the school, and Exeter College, Oxford, where he played for the University 1877–80, being captain in 1880. He played for Gloucestershire between 1876 and 1886.
References
1856 births
1928 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
People from Suffolk Coastal (district)
Oxford University cricketers
People educated at Clifton College
Alumni of Exeter College, Oxford
Old Oxonians cricketers
Joseph Johnson (born 1903) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside right.
Career
Born in Liverpool, Johnson signed for Bradford City in May 1927 from Scunthorpe United, leaving the club in 1928. During his time with Bradford City he made one appearance in the Football League, scoring one goal.
Sources
References
1903 births
Date of death missing
English footballers
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football inside forwards
Abdul Qadir Sanjrani (Sindhi: عبدالقادر سنجراٹي) was a Pakistani politician from Shahpur Chakar, Sindh. He served as 5th Finance minister of Pakistan and Health minister of West Pakistan. He also served as Pakistani ambassador to Kenya. He was elected as Member of Provincial Assembly of Sindh in 1970 elections contesting from PS-41 Sanghar at ticket of PML-Q defeating the future CM of Sindh Jam Sadiq Ali's brother, Jam Anwar Ali.
Family history
Abdul Qadir Sanjrani belongs to influential family in Shahpur Chakar.
References
Federal ministers of Pakistan
People from Sanghar District
Pope Leo XIII (r. 1878–1903) created 147 cardinals in 27 consistories held at roughly annual intervals. With his appointments he approached but did not exceed the limit on the size of the College of Cardinals set at 70 in 1586. The size of the college was 64 at the beginning and end of Leo XIII's 25-year papacy. With 147 additions to a body of fewer than 70, Leo had, as one observer phrased it, "renewed the Sacred College more than twice".
The largest group of fourteen new cardinals, with two more kept secret, was announced on 16 January 1893. Nine of Leo's cardinals were created in pectore and only announced at a later consistory. Those announced at his first consistory included his brother Giuseppe Pecci. In 1893, he elevated to cardinal Giuseppe Sarto, who succeeded him as Pope Pius X in 1903. The cardinals he created included brothers Serafino and Vincenzo Vannutelli in 1887 and 1889 and cousins Luigi Jacobini and Angelo Jacobini in 1879 and 1882. Another of Leo's cardinals, von Fürstenberg, had a cousin in the College appointed in 1842 by Pope Gregory XVI.
Of the 147 cardinals Pope Leo created, 85 were Italian. Only three were not Europeans: Gibbons (United States), Moran (Australia), and Taschereau (Canada).
Pope Leo's appointments also included the first Australian, Moran, the first Canadian, Taschereau, the first Slovenian, Missia, and the first Armenian, Hassoun, who was also the first prelate of an Oriental rite made a cardinal since 1439. Cardinals who died before visiting Rome to be assigned their titular churches included Guilbert, Lluch, and Rotelli.
Of the 147 cardinals Leo appointed, 63 survived him and 61 of them, along with one cardinal appointed earlier, participated in the 1903 conclave that elected Pius X.
12 May 1879
After waiting more than a year, on 12 May 1879, Pope Leo created cardinals for the first time, six of the order of cardinal priests and four of the order of cardinal deacons, including among the latter his brother, Giuseppe Pecci. On 22 September he gave red galeros to three of them (Desprez, Haynald, and Pie), as well as to János Simor, whom Pope Pius IX had made a cardinal in 1873. Von Fürstenberg joined his cousin Friedrich Prince zu Schwarzenberg, a cardinal since 1842.
Friedrich Egon von Fürstenberg (1813–1892)
Julien-Florian-Félix Desprez (1807–1895)
Lajos Haynald (1816–1891)
Louis-Édouard-François-Desiré Pie (1815–1880)
Americo Ferreira dos Santos Silva (1829–1899)
Gaetano Alimonda (1818–1891)
Giuseppe Pecci (1807–1890)
John Henry Newman (1801–1890)
Joseph Hergenröther (1824–1890)
Tommaso Maria Zigliara (1833–1893)
19 September 1879
Pope Leo created four cardinals on 19 September 1879.
Pier Francesco Meglia (1810–1883)
Giacomo Cattani (1823–1887)
Luigi Jacobini (1832–1887)
Domenico Sanguigni (1809–1882)
13 December 1880
Pope Leo announced the creation of one cardinal on 13 December 1880, reserving the names of three others in pectore. Hassoun was the first Armenian cardinal and first Oriental-rite cardinal since 1439. Ricci Paracciani's cousin Salvatore Nobili Vitelleschi was made a cardinal in 1875, just five months before he died.
Andon Bedros Hassoun (1809–1884)
Carlo Laurenzi (1821–1893), in pectore, announced 1884
Francesco Ricci Paracciani (1830–1894), in pectore, announced March 1882
Pietro Lasagni (1814–1885), in pectore, announced March 1882
27 March 1882
On 27 March 1882, Pope Leo announced the names of two cardinals he had created in pectore in December 1880 and created another five, revealing the names of all but one (Lavigerie). Angelo Jacobini joined his cousin Luigi, then Secretary of State, who was made a cardinal in 1879.
Domenico Agostini (1825–1891)
Charles Lavigerie (1825–1892), in pectore, announced on 3 July 1882
Joaquín Lluch y Garriga (1816–1882)
Edward MacCabe (1816–1885)
Angelo Jacobini (1825–1886)
25 September 1882
Pope Leo announced the creation of two cardinals on 25 September 1882.
Angelo Bianchi (1817–1897)
Włodzimierz Czacki (1834–1888)
24 March 1884
Pope Leo created two cardinals on 24 March 1884.
José Sebastião de Almeida Neto (1841–1920)
Guglielmo Sanfelice d'Acquavella (1834–1897)
10 November 1884
On 10 November 1884, Pope Leo announced the creation of eight cardinals and announced the name of one, Carlo Laurenzi, made a cardinal in pectore in December 1880.
Michelangelo Celesia (1814–1904)
Antolín Monescillo y Viso (1811–1897)
Guglielmo Massaia (1809–1889)
Cölestin Josef Ganglbauer (1817–1889)
Zeferino González y Díaz Tuñón (1831–1894)
Carmine Gori-Merosi (1810–1886)
Ignazio Masotti (1817–1888)
Isidoro Verga (1832–1899)
27 July 1885
On 27 July 1885, Pope Leo created five cardinals of the order of cardinal priests and one cardinal deacon (Cristofori).
Paul Melchers (1813–1895)
Alfonso Capecelatro (1824–1912)
Francesco Battaglini (1823–1892)
Patrick Francis Moran (1830–1911)
Placido Maria Schiaffino (1829–1889)
Carlo Cristofori (1813–1891)
7 June 1886
Pope Leo created seven cardinals on 7 June 1886. The two cardinal deacons Pope Leo created on 7 June 1886, Theodoli and Mazzella, were assigned their deaconries on 10 June; the other five cardinal priests were given their titular churches on 17 March 1887.
Victor-Félix Bernadou (1816–1891)
Elzéar-Alexandre Taschereau (1820–1898)
Benoit-Marie Langénieux (1824–1905)
James Gibbons (1834–1921)
Charles-Philippe Place (1814–1893)
Augusto Theodoli (1819–1892)
Camillo Mazzella (1833–1900)
14 March 1887
Pope Leo created five cardinals, all cardinal priests, on 14 March 1887.
Serafino Vannutelli (1834–1915)
Gaetano Aloisi Masella (1826–1902)
Luigi Giordani (1822–1893)
Camillo Siciliano di Rende (1847–1897)
Mariano Rampolla (1843–1913)
23 May 1887
Pope Leo created two cardinal deacons on 23 May 1887. Bausa was not yet a bishop and was only consecrated in March 1889. Pallotti was never consecrated a bishop.
Luigi Pallotti (1829–1890)
Agostino Bausa (1821–1899)
11 February 1889
Pope Leo announced the creation of three cardinals on 11 February 1889.
Giuseppe Benedetto Dusmet (1818–1894)
Giuseppe d'Annibale (1815–1892)
Luigi Macchi (1832–1907)
24 May 1889
Pope Leo created seven cardinals on 24 May 1889. Guilbert died less than three months later without having visited Rome to be assigned his titular church.
François-Marie-Benjamin Richard (1819–1908)
Joseph-Alfred Foulon (1823–1893)
Aimé-Victor-François Guilbert (1812–1889)
Pierre-Lambert Goossens (1827–1906)
Franziskus von Paula Graf von Schönborn (1844–1899)
Achille Apolloni (1823–1893)
Gaetano de Ruggiero (1816–1896)
30 December 1889
On 30 December 1889, Pope Leo created a single cardinal without making it known. His brother Serafino was already a cardinal.
Vincenzo Vannutelli (1836–1930) in pectore, announced 1890
23 June 1890
Pope Leo created three cardinals of the order of cardinal priests on 23 June 1890 and announced he had created Vincenzo Vannutelli a cardinal in pectore the previous December.
Sebastiano Galeati (1822–1901)
Gaspard Mermillod (1824–1892)
Albin Dunajewski (1817–1894)
1 June 1891
Pope Leo created two cardinals on 1 June 1891. Rotelli received his red hat from French President Sadi Carnot, but died before being invested by the pope with the other symbols of his new rank.
Luigi Rotelli (1833–1891)
Anton Josef Gruscha (1820–1911)
14 December 1891
Pope Leo created two cardinals of the order of cardinal priests on 14 December 1891.
Fulco Luigi Ruffo-Scilla (1840–1895)
Luigi Sepiacci (1835–1893)
16 January 1893
Pope Leo created fourteen cardinals publicly on 16 January 1893 and two others in pectore.
Giuseppe Guarino (1827–1897)
Mario Mocenni (1823–1904)
Amilcare Malagola (1840–1895)
Angelo Di Pietro (1828–1914)
Benito Sanz y Forés (1828–1895)
Guillaume-René Meignan (1817–1896)
Léon-Benoît-Charles Thomas (1826–1894)
Philipp Krementz (1819–1899)
Ignatius Persico (1823–1896)
Luigi Galimberti (1835–1896)
Michael Logue (1840–1924)
Kolos Ferenc Vaszary (1832–1915)
Herbert Vaughan (1832–1903)
Georg von Kopp (1837–1914)
Adolphe Perraud (1828–1906) in pectore, announced 1895
Andreas Steinhuber (1824–1907) in pectore, announced 1894
12 June 1893
Pope Leo created five cardinals in a consistory held on 12 June 1893, including Giuseppe Sarto, his successor as Pope Pius X.
Victor-Lucien-Sulpice Lécot (1831–1908)
Giuseppe Maria Graniello (1834–1896)
Joseph-Christian-Ernest Bourret (1827–1896)
Lőrinc Schlauch (1824–1902)
Giuseppe Sarto (1835–1914)
18 May 1894
Pope Leo created five cardinals in May 1894, four cardinal priests and one cardinal deacon (Segna). He announced that he had made Andreas Steinhuber a cardinal in pectore previously.
Egidio Mauri (1828–1896)
Ciriaco María Sancha y Hervás (1833–1909)
Domenico Svampa (1851–1907)
Andrea Carlo Ferrari (1850–1921)
Francesco Segna (1836–1911)
29 November 1895
Pope Leo created eight cardinals on 29 November 1895 and announced that he had made Adolphe Perraud a cardinal in pectore in 1893. Francesco Satolli, Apostolic Delegate to the United States, did not travel to Rome for the ceremony, but received his insignia of office from Cardinal James Gibbons, Archbishop of Baltimore, on 5 January 1896.
Sylvester Sembratovych (1836–1898)
Francesco Satolli (1839–1910)
Johannes Evangelist Haller (1825–1900)
Antonio María Cascajares y Azara (1834–1901)
Girolamo Maria Gotti (1834–1916)
Jean-Pierre Boyer (1829–1896)
Achille Manara (1827–1906)
Salvador Casañas y Pagés (1834–1908)
22 June 1896
Pope Leo created four cardinals of the order of cardinal priests on 22 June 1896.
Domenico Jacobini (1837–1900)
Antonio Agliardi (1832–1915)
Domenico Ferrata (1847–1914)
Serafino Cretoni (1833–1909)
30 November 1896
Two cardinals were created on 30 November 1896; they received their red galeros on 3 December. Neither was a bishop when made cardinal; Prisco was consecrated in 1898.
Raffaele Pierotti (1836–1905)
Giuseppe Antonio Ermenegildo Prisco (1833–1923)
19 April 1897
Pope Leo created four cardinals on 19 April 1897.
José María Martín de Herrera y de la Iglesia (1835–1922)
Pierre-Hector Coullié (1829–1912)
Guillaume-Marie-Joseph Labouré (1841–1906)
Guillaume-Marie-Romain Sourrieu (1825–1899)
19 June 1899
Pope Leo announced the creation of 11 new cardinals on 19 June 1899 and created two in pectore, Alessandro Sanminiatelli Zabarella and Francesco Salesio Della Volpe, whose names were published in 1901. Missia was the first Slovenian to enter the College of Cardinals.
Giovanni Battista Casali del Drago (1838–1908)
Francesco di Paola Cassetta (1841–1919)
Alessandro Sanminiatelli Zabarella (1840–1910) in pectore, announced April 1901
Gennaro Portanova (1845–1908)
Giuseppe Francica-Nava de Bontifè (1846–1928)
Agostino Ciasca (1835–1902)
François-Désiré Mathieu (1839–1908)
Pietro Respighi (1843–1913)
Agostino Richelmy (1850–1923)
Jakob Missia (1838–1902)
Luigi Trombetta (1820–1900)
Francesco Salesio Della Volpe (1844–1916) in pectore, announced April 1901
José Calassanç Vives y Tuto (1854–1913)
15 April 1901
Pope Leo created ten cardinals on 15 April 1901, assigning eight to the order of cardinal priests and two to the order of cardinal deacons (Tripepi and Cavagnis).
Donato Maria Dell'Olio (1847–1902)
Sebastiano Martinelli (1848–1918)
Casimiro Gennari (1839–1914)
Lev Skrbenský z Hříště (1863–1938)
Giulio Boschi (1838–1920)
Agostino Gaetano Riboldi (1839–1902)
Jan Puzyna de Kosielsko (1842–1911)
Bartolomeo Bacilieri (1842–1923)
Luigi Tripepi (1836–1906)
Felice Cavagnis (1841–1906)
22 June 1903
At his last consistory held less than a month before his death, Pope Leo created seven cardinals and assigned them all to the order of cardinal priests. Only Nocella, Cavicchioni, and Fischer were present to receive their red hats from the pope and be assigned their titular sees on 25 June. The others participated in the conclave that elected Pope Pius X and it was from him that Herrero received his red galero and titular church assignment on 27 August, as did Aiuti, Taliani, and Karschthaler theirs on 12 November 1903.
Carlo Nocella (1826–1908)
Beniamino Cavicchioni (1836–1911)
Andrea Aiuti (1849–1905)
Emidio Taliani (1838–1907)
Sebastián Herrero y Espinosa de los Monteros (1822–1903)
Johannes Katschthaler (1832–1914)
Anton Hubert Fischer (1840–1912)
Notes
References
External links
Leo XIII
19th-century Catholicism
20th-century Catholicism
College of Cardinals
Vivekanand Education Society's Polytechnic (VESP) is a Polytechnic College located in Chembur, in India It is affiliated to the Maharastra Board of Technical Education (MSBTE) and has been approved by AICTE.
Campus
The campus is located in Chembur, a northeastern suburb of Mumbai. It has playground and other activities like Yoga, Music, Vedanta aids in shaping budding engineers. It has at present about 1400 students, 67 faculty members, 42 well equipped laboratories having instruments worth Rs. 5.14 cr. and 53 administrative and supportive staff.
Departments
Computer Engineering (Intake - 120 seats)
Automation and Robotics (Intake - 60 seats)
Communication Engineering (Intake - 60 seats)
Civil Engineering (Intake - 60 seats)
Mechanical Engineering (Intake - 60 seats)
Electrical Engineering (Intake - 60 seats)
– source
Accreditation
V.E.S. Polytechnic is affiliated to Maharashtra Board of Technical Education (MSBTE) and has been approved by AICTE.
Computer Engineering, Instrumentation Engineering and Communication Engineering Departments are Provisionally Accredited by National Board of Accreditation (NBA)
References
External links
VESP homepage
Educational institutions established in 1983
1983 establishments in Maharashtra
Education in Mumbai
Events from the year 1707 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Anne
Events
April 14 (April 25 New Style) – at the Battle of Almansa (Spain) in the War of the Spanish Succession, the Bourbon army of Spain and France (with Irish mercenaries) under the French-born Englishman James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick, soundly defeats the allied forces of Portugal, England, and the Dutch Republic led by the French-born Huguenot in English service Henri de Massue, Earl of Galway.
October 24 - an act of the Parliament of Ireland creates the Dublin Ballast Office to improve Dublin Port.
Tailors' Hall completed in Dublin.
Births
James Cuffe, landowner and politician (d. 1762)
Arabella Fitzmaurice, later Lady Arabella Denny, philanthropist (d. 1792)
Matthew Dubourg, musician (d. 1767)
Philip Skelton, Church of Ireland cleric and controversialist (d. 1787)
Approximate date – Sir Robert Deane, 5th Baronet, lawyer and politician (d. 1770)
Deaths
January 13 – Anthony Sharp, Quaker wool merchant (b. 1643)
April 29 – George Farquhar, dramatist (b. 1677 or 1678)
c. July 1 – William Handcock, politician (b. c.1631)
August 9 (bur.) – William Cairnes, politician and merchant (b. c.1669)
September 21 – Dominic Maguire, exiled Roman Catholic Archbishop of Armagh.
December 31 – Nathaniel Foy, Church of Ireland Bishop of Waterford and Lismore
Sir Francis Blundell, 3rd Baronet, politician (b. 1643)
Colonel The Honourable John Caulfeild, soldier and politician (b. 1661)
Ludowyk Smits, portrait painter (b. 1635 in Holland)
References
Years of the 18th century in Ireland
Ireland
1700s in Ireland
Wedel Jarlsberg Land is the land area between Van Keulenfjorden and Hornsund on the southwestern part of Spitsbergen, Svalbard. The area is largely covered with glaciers, and is completely within the Sør-Spitsbergen National Park.
Named after Baron Fritz Wedel Jarlsberg (1855-1942), Norwegian minister in Paris, to whose initiative and labour it was greatly due that Norway succeeded in acquiring the sovereignty of Svalbard by a treaty signed in Paris on February 9, 1920. Until then it had been regarded as no-man's-land. The northwestern part of the area was earlier called Orvin Land.
References
Peninsulas of Spitsbergen
Colostygia aptata is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Jacob Hübner in 1813. It is found in most of the Palearctic realm.
The wingspan is . Adults are on wing from July to August.
The larvae feed on Galium species. Larvae can be found from August to June. It overwinters in the larval stage.
References
External links
Lepiforum e.V.
Cidariini
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Marin Ceaușescu (2 February 1916 – 28 December 1989) was a Romanian economist and diplomat, the older brother of Communist Romania's President Nicolae Ceaușescu.
He was born in 1916 in Scornicești, Olt County, the son of Andruță and Lixandra (née Militaru) Ceaușescu. After completing 4 years of school, he decided not to pursue his studies, but to help instead his parents with the farm work. In 1935 he joined the Romanian Communist Party. He later graduated from the Academy of Economic Studies in Bucharest. Starting in 1974, Ceaușescu headed the Romanian Economic Agency in Vienna. He was believed to have been the conduit through whom Nicolae transferred millions of United States dollars into Swiss bank accounts. He was found hanged in the basement of the Romanian Embassy in Vienna, three days after his brother was executed in the Romanian Revolution of December 1989. It was ruled a suicide by police.
Austria's Interior Minister, Franz Löschnak, said that Austrian officials suspected that Marin Ceauşescu worked for the Romanian security service.
He left two daughters, Mihaela (m. Moraru) and Gabriela.
Footnotes
External links
Marian Ghițeanu, "Marin Ceaușescu a fost împins spre sinucidere" ("Marin Ceaușescu Was Goaded into Suicide"), in Ziarul
Marin Ceausescu
Romanian diplomats
Romanian economists
Bucharest Academy of Economic Studies alumni
1916 births
1989 deaths
Suicides by hanging in Austria
20th-century economists
1989 suicides
People from Scornicești
Romanian communists
OKMO (Opytniy Konstruktorsko-Mekhanicheskiy Otdel, 'Experimental Design Mechanical Department') was the tank design team in the Soviet Union during the early 1930s. Located in Leningrad, it produced the design of the T-26 infantry tank, of which about 12,000 would be produced. Most other designs from the bureau never saw the light of day, but it was here that Mikhail Koshkin, designer of the famous T-34 medium tank gained his early experience. The bureau was gutted in the Great Purge and broken up by the beginning of the Second World War.
History
Organizational
In 1930 the Bolshevik Factory No. 232 became home to the AVO-5 tank design bureau, soon renamed OKMO. In 1932, the tank department of the Bolshevik factory, became the new Factory No. 174 (K.E. Voroshilov). This new, independent enterprise was dedicated to the mass production of T-26 tank.
Janusz Magnuski says that in 1932 one of the former departments of the Bolshevik factory became a base for the new independent entity, named in 1935 as Factory No. 185 (S.M. Kirov), under the direction of N. Barykov and Semyon Alexandrovich Ginzburg. The OKMO, for a few months a part of Factory No. 174, moved at the same time to Factory No. 185. The new enterprise was also dedicated to the production of tanks, while the main part of Bolshevik Factory remained focused on production of heavy artillery. Because of the same honorific and the same city of location, the Factory No. 185 is often mistaken in Western sources with Kirov Plant (or Factory No. 100), notably in Sewell's "Why Three Tanks?" and works of Steven Zaloga. They were independent factories; the Factory No. 185 was a home of OKMO bureau (Ginzburg), while the larger Factory No. 100 was a home of SKB-2 (Kotin, known for KV line of heavy tanks). In 1941, because of German threat, parts of both factories were moved to Chelyabinsk, where the large complex was given the name Chelyabinsk Kirov Plant No. 100 (unofficially named "Tankograd"), and continued the production of Kotin's design line.
Design
In 1930, bureau oversaw design changes to the British Vickers E tank for construction as the T-26 light infantry tank, and later improvements to the T-26.
In 1930 OKMO also began design studies for heavy tanks. A team led by German engineer Eduard Grote worked on a 100-ton design with 107 mm gun, four sub-turrets, and pneumatic suspension and servo-controls, called the T-41 or . A slightly more practical "land battleship" was the T-35 heavy tank, designed by N. Tseits's team and inspired by the British Vickers Independent.
In 1934, OKMO designed the T-43-2, a design for an amphibious tank with convertible drive—being able to run on tracks or wheels—as a possible replacement for the T-37 amphibious scout tank. It, and Moscow Factory no. 37's competing T-43-1 were both rejected in favour of continuing T-37 production.
Also in 1934, N. Barykov and N. Tseits worked with graduate students from the Leningrad Technical Institute to modernize the multi-turreted T-28 medium tank by adding a Christie suspension. The resulting T-29-5 adopted the wheel-and-track running gear from the BT fast tank. Further T-29-4 and T-29-1 prototypes were built in 1935, but in testing at the NIIBT in Kubinka none of these were found satisfactory. Following Soviet armoured experience in Spain, another version was built with thicker armour and a better gun—it was considered for the A-20/T-32 competition which led to the famous T-34 medium tank, but by this time was obviously outdated. (One of the Leningrad engineering students had been Mikhail Koshkin, the T-34's chief designer)
In the 1930s, OKMO also designed a number of self-propelled artillery and antiaircraft guns, and tracked infantry, ammunition and fuel transporters, but only prototypes or trial batches of any were ever built, except for the T-26-T artillery tractor.
In 1936–37 OKMO designed the T-111 (or T-46-5), the first attempt at a Soviet tank with "shell-proof" armour, effective against more than just small arms. The engine and gun were inadequate, and only a prototype was built.
The T-100 'Sotka' was a two-turreted heavy tank prototype. It became rejected in favour of the KV-1 heavy tank. A second prototype was made as a single self-propelled gun T-100Y, later designated SU-100Y, presently displayed in Kubinka Tank Museum. The bureau started work on the T-50 infantry tank in 1939, but was gutted during the Great Purge. The T-50 was handed over to the Factory No. 174.
See also
Soviet tank factories
References
Tanks of the Soviet Union
Manufacturing companies of the Soviet Union
Design bureaus
Transport in the Soviet Union
Military equipment of the Soviet Union
Defence companies of the Soviet Union
Piarere is a locality in the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island. It is situated on State Highway 29 close to its junction with State Highway 1, close to the shore of Lake Karapiro. The nearest towns are Tīrau, six kilometres to the southeast, Matamata, 10 kilometres to the northeast, and Cambridge, 10 kilometres to the northwest.
The meaning of the settlement's name is uncertain, as piarere may be translated from Māori in numerous ways, but it is possibly a personal name.
The Hinuera Gap, a geological feature stretching northeast of Piarere, was in prehistoric times the path of the Waikato River, which had its outlet in the Firth of the Thames. The river's course was altered to its current outflow by the massive eruption of Lake Taupo 25,000 years ago.
References
South Waikato District
Populated places in Waikato
Populated places on the Waikato River
The Reformed Church of the Faith (Eglise Reforme de la Foi in French) was founded in 1993 and has grown from a group of four churches to 64 churches with over 5,000 members. This Reformed denomination is located primarily in the southern, Shaba region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, formerly Zaire. Rev. Mfumwabana N'Kulu has been instrumental in the founding and growth of this Reformed denomination.
References
Reformed denominations in Africa
1993 establishments in Zaire
The history of the Jews in Finland goes back to the 1700s. Finnish Jews are Jews who are citizens of Finland. The country is home to some 1,800 Jews, of which 1,400 live in the Greater Helsinki area and 200 in Turku. Most Jews in Finland have Finnish or Swedish as their mother tongue, and many speak Yiddish, German, Russian and Hebrew. Jews originally came to Finland as Russian soldiers who stayed in Finland in the 19th century after their military service ended (knows as Cantonists). There are Jewish congregations in Helsinki and Turku with their own synagogues built in 1906 and 1912. The Wiborg Synagogue built 1910–1911 was destroyed in air bombings during the first day of the Winter war in 30 November 1939. There has been relatively little antisemitism in Finland.
Early history, 1700–1917
The first Jew said to have settled on Finnish soil was Jacob Weikam, later Veikkanen, in 1782, in the town of Hamina, which was at that point under Russian rule. During that time, most of Finland was included in the Kingdom of Sweden. In Sweden, Jews were allowed to reside in 3 towns – all of them outside the territory that is now modern-day Finland. In 1809 Finland became part of the Russian Empire, as an autonomous Grand Duchy, but Swedish laws remained in force, meaning Jews were still unable to settle in Finnish territory according to the Judereglementet.
Despite the legal difficulties, during the period of Finnish autonomy (1809–1917) Russian Jews established themselves in Finland as tradesmen and craftsmen. As Jews were in principle prohibited from dwelling in Finland, almost all these Jews were retired soldiers from the Imperial Russian army. Being cantonists, forced into the Russian army in childhood, they were required to serve at least 25 years. After their term expired, they had, however, the right to remain in Finland regardless of the Finnish ban on Jewish settlement, a right forcefully defended by the Russian military authorities. It was only after Finland declared independence in 1917 that Jews were granted full rights as Finnish citizens.
Jewish youths in Helsinki founded in 1906 the sports association IK Stjärnan (later Makkabi Helsinki) that functioned without permits for its first 12 years. That the society is founded in 1906 makes it the oldest Jewish sports club in the world that has an uninterrupted history.
World War II
Finland's involvement in World War II began during the Winter War (30 November 1939 – 13 March 1940), the Soviet Union's invasion of Finland prior to Operation Barbarossa (launched in June 1941). Finnish Jews were among those made refugees from the ceded territories. The Wiborg Synagogue was also destroyed by air bombings during the Winter War.
Following Soviet air strikes, Finland waged war against the Soviet Union in the Continuation War (1941–1944). While Germany launched Barbarossa, Finland simultaneously resumed hostilities against the Soviet Union. This resulted in Finland fighting alongside Nazi Germany. 327 Finnish Jews fought for Finland during the war, of which were 242 rank-and-file soldiers, 52 non-commissioned officers, 18 officers and 15 medical officers. Additionally, 21 Jews served in the women's auxiliary Lotta Svärd. 15 Finnish Jews were killed in action in the Winter War and eight in the Continuation War.
As Finland's forces had substantial numbers of German forces supporting their operations, the Finnish front had a field synagogue operating in the presence of Nazi troops. Jewish soldiers were granted leave on Saturdays and Jewish holidays. Finnish Jewish soldiers later participated in the Lapland War against Germany.
In November 1942, eight Jewish Austrian refugees (along with 19 other deportees) were deported to Nazi Germany after the head of the Finnish police agreed to turn them over. Seven of the Jews were murdered immediately. According to author Martin Gilbert, these eight were Georg Kollman; Frans Olof Kollman; Frans Kollman's mother; Hans Eduard Szubilski; Henrich Huppert; Kurt Huppert; Hans Robert Martin Korn, who had been a volunteer in the Winter War; and an unknown individual. When Finnish media reported the news, it caused a national scandal, and ministers resigned in protest. After protests by Lutheran ministers, the Archbishop, and the Social Democratic Party, no more foreign Jewish refugees were deported from Finland.
Approximately 500 Jewish refugees arrived in Finland during World War II, although about 350 moved on to other countries, including about 160 who were transferred to neutral Sweden to save their lives on the direct orders of Marshal Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim, the commander of the Finnish Army. About 40 of the remaining Jewish refugees were sent to do compulsory labor service in Salla in Lapland in March 1942. The refugees were moved to Kemijärvi in June and eventually to Suursaari Island in the Gulf of Finland. Although Heinrich Himmler twice visited Finland to try to persuade the authorities to hand over the Jewish population, he was unsuccessful.
In 1942, an exchange of Soviet POWs took place between Finland and Germany. Approximately 2,600–2,800 Soviet prisoners of war of various nationalities then held by Finland were exchanged for 2,100 Soviet POWs of Baltic Finn nationalities (Finnish, Karelian, Ingrian, or Estonian) held by Germany, who might have volunteered in the Finnish army. About 2000 of the POWs handed over by Finland joined the Wehrmacht. Among the rest there were about 500 people (mainly Soviet political officers) who were considered politically dangerous in Finland. This latter group most likely perished in concentration camps or were executed as per the Commissar Order. Based on a list of names, there were 47 Jews among the extradited, although they were not extradited based on religion.
Jews with Finnish citizenship were protected during the whole period. Late in the war, Germany's ambassador to Helsinki Wipert von Blücher concluded in a report to Hitler that Finns would not endanger their citizens of Jewish origin in any situation. According to historian Henrik Meinander, this was realistically accepted by Hitler. Yad Vashem records that 22 Finnish Jews were murdered in the Holocaust, when all died fighting for the Finnish Army.
Three Finnish Jews were offered the Iron Cross for their wartime service: Leo Skurnik, Salomon Klass, and Dina Poljakoff. Major Leo Skurnik, a district medical officer in the Finnish Army, organized an evacuation of a German field hospital when it came under Soviet shelling. More than 600 patients, including SS soldiers, were evacuated. Captain Salomon Klass, also of the Finnish Army, who had lost an eye in the Winter War, led a Finnish unit that rescued a German company that had been surrounded by the Soviets. Dina Poljakoff, a member of Lotta Svärd, the Finnish women's auxiliary service, was a nursing assistant who helped tend to German wounded, and came to be greatly admired by her patients. All three refused the award.
President of Finland, Marshal Mannerheim attended the memorial service for the fallen at the Helsinki Synagogue on 6 December 1944.
Finnish Prime Minister Paavo Lipponen issued an official apology in 2000 for the extradition of the eight Jewish refugees.
Finland was the only Axis country where synagogues remained open throughout World War II.
Today
During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, about 28 Finnish Jews, mostly Finnish Army veterans, fought for the State of Israel. After Israel's establishment, Finland had a high rate of immigration to Israel (known as "aliyah"), which depleted Finland's Jewish community. The community was somewhat revitalized when some Soviet Jews immigrated to Finland following the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The number of Jews in Finland in 2020 was approximately 1,800, of whom 1,400 lived in Helsinki, about 200 in Turku, and about 50 in Tampere. The Jews are well integrated into Finnish society and are represented in nearly all sectors. Most Finnish Jews are corporate employees or self-employed professionals.
Most Finnish Jews speak Finnish or Swedish as their mother tongue. Yiddish, German, Russian, and Hebrew are also spoken in the community. The Jews, like Finland's other traditional minorities as well as immigrant groups, are represented on the Advisory Board for Ethnic Relations.
There are two synagogues: one in Helsinki and one in Turku. Helsinki also has a Jewish day school, which serves about 110 students (many of them the children of Israelis working in Finland); and a Chabad Lubavitch rabbi is based there.
Tampere previously had an organized Jewish community, but it stopped functioning in 1981. The other two cities continue to run their community organizations. There are also some Reform Jewish activities in Finland today.
Antisemitism
Historically, antisemitic hate crimes have been rare, and the Jewish community is relatively safe. However, there have been some antisemitic crimes reported in the last decade; the most common types include defamation, verbal threats, and damage to property.
In 2011, Ben Zyskowicz, the first Finnish Jewish parliamentarian, was assaulted by a man shouting antisemitic slurs. Four years later, a few campaign advertisements containing Zyskowicz's picture were sprayed with swastikas in Helsinki.
The Helsingin Sanomat, Finland's largest subscription newspaper, published a satirical cartoon depicting a 1943 scene of a German guard holding a bar of "Free Range Jew soap." However, as the author, cartoonist Pertti Jarla, points out, he was making fun of the double moralism of National Socialism, but the humor was so black that the strip was commonly misinterpreted.
According to writer and Finnish resident Ken Sikorski, there has been an increase in anti-Israeli and anti-Semitic bias in the country. Sikorski gave a number of alleged examples in his interview with Dr. Manfred Gerstenfeld in July 2013.
According to Sikorski, one example of anti-Semitism was the journalist Kyösti Niemelä writing in the Helsinki University paper Yliopisto that a Holocaust denier could teach a university class on Jewish history. Niemelä's argument was that even high school teachers can talk about controversial issues without revealing their 'political opinions.' According to Sikorski, Niemelä thus reduced Holocaust denial to a 'political opinion.'
Finally, Sikorski states that he witnessed Muslims giving the Nazi salute or shouting "Allahu Akbar!" ("Allah is great!") during pro-Israel rallies.
In 2015 the Fundamental Rights Agency published its annual overview of data on antisemitism available in the European Union. The document displays information from a report of the Police College of Finland. Since 2008, the report has covered religiously motivated hate crimes, including antisemitic crimes. The recent documented data is from 2013, when most of the incidents (six out of eleven) concerned verbal threats/harassments.
See also
List of Finnish Jews
Israel-Finland relations
Finnish culture
Elias Katz
Wiborg Synagogue
References
Further reading
Cohen, William B. and Jörgen Svensson (1995). Finland and the Holocaust. Holocaust and Genocide Studies 9(1):70–93.
Rautkallio, Hannu (1988). Finland and the Holocaust. The Rescue of Finland's Jews. N.Y.:Holocaust Publications. .
Cohen, William B. & Jürgen Svensson (2001). Finland. In Walter Laqueur, ed., The Holocaust Encyclopedia. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. pp. 204–206. .
External links
Jewish Community of Helsinki
Chabad Lubavitch of Finland
What's in it for non-Christians, thisisFINLAND
Jews in Finland During the Second World War
‘While Jews serve in my army I will not allow their deportation' Jewish Quarterly
Men's Super G World Cup 1986/1987
Final point standings
In Men's Super G World Cup 1986/87 all five results count, but no athlete was able to collect points in all five races. Pirmin Zurbriggen won the cup with only one win.
References
fis-ski.com
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men's Super-G discipline titles
Risoba rafflesae is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Sumatra.
References
Kobes,2006. Risobinae of Sumatra (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae, Risobinae). Heterocera Sumatrana Vol.12, fasc. 6
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 2006
Song Weigang (born 5 May 1958) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He is from Zhanjiang.
References
1958 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Sportspeople from Guangdong
People from Zhanjiang
Parker Cemetery, also known as J.S. Parker Cemetery, is a historic cemetery in Parker, Colorado. James S. Parker donated three acres for Parker Cemetery around 1884, at which time it held the graves of his two sons. The following year, four early settlers who were buried on a hill just east of the present-day intersection of Parker Road (Highway 83) and E-470 were reinterred at Parker Cemetery. The earliest known grave is for Jonathan Tallman who was killed by Native Americans in 1870. Parker (died 1910) and his wife Mattie (died 1887) are also buried there. In 1911, the title to the cemetery was transferred to J.S. Parker Cemetery Association.
Notable people buried at the cemetery
Linda Lovelace
John and Elizabeth Tallman, Colorado Pioneers
References
Further reading
Parker, Colorado
1884 establishments in Colorado
Maciej Boryna (born 28 March 1974 in Szprotawa/Sprottau) is Polish journalist and scientific researcher, author of many books of Silesian history, founder and director of Regional History Museum F.Matuszkiewicz's in Szprotawa, co-founder and first president of Lower Silesian Forest Institute, state keeper of monuments and nature, alderman in Szprotawa (2006–2010), member in Żagański-District board of directors (since 2010), member of the Sword of Freedom.
Director of researching program "Silesian Walls" and "Chrobry fortified village in Szprotawa", designer of forest preserve "Slavic Park". Awarded by Polish Ministry of Culture and National Heritage (2008), medal of Honored for Commune Szprotawa (2002).
2017-2018 he has successfully fought about close of the minacious landfill site in Kartowice (Poland), 2018 falsely accused of character assassination regarding the company Suez Zachód, won a lawsuit 2019.
His books and publications
Szprotawskie karty. Szprotawa jakiej już nie ma., 1996
Sensacje Ziemi Szprotawskiej, 2000 ()
Tajemnice Szprotawy i okolic, 2001 ()
Program rozwoju turystyki w Gminie Wymiarki, 2002 wspólnie z J.Ryszawy
Gmina Wymiarki. Rys historyczny., 2003
Szprotawa i okolice (red.), 2003–2004 (4 numery)
Flins na Dolnym Śląsku, Łużycach i w Saksonii, 2004
Klaus Haensch. Pomiędzy Szprotawą a Europą, 2005
Gminna Ewidencja Zabytków – Gm. Szprotawa, 2005
Tajemnice militarne Szprotawy na Dolnym Śląsku, 2006
Stan turystyki w Gm. Szprotawa. Program rozwoju turystyki w Gm. Szprotawa, 2007
Dokumentacja projektowa Zespołu Przyrodniczo-Krajobrazowego "Park Słowiański" w Szprotawie, 2007
Gminna Ewidencja Zabytków – Gm. Wymiarki, 2007
Stan turystyki w Gm. Małomice. Program rozwoju turystyki w Gm. Małomice, 2007
Małomice na rubieży Borów Dolnośląskich, 2008 ()
Powiat Żagański. Książęca Kraina., 2009 współautor
Szprotawa i okolice. Na tropach historii i przyrody, 2010 wspólnie z prof. Hieronimem Szczegółą ()
Encyklopedia Ziemi Szprotawskiej i Żagańskiej (red.), 2010 ()
Wały Śląskie. Tajemnice dawnych granic, 2011 ()
Dawne życie mieszkańców Borów Dolnośląskich na przykładzie Lubiechowa w byłym powiecie szprotawskim, 2013 ()
Historia i architektura Bramy Żagańskiej w Szprotawie, 2013 with A.Cichalewska ()
Felix Matuszkiewicz ze Szprotawy. Serce w Szprotawie zostawione, 2014 with K.Danielkowska ()
Szkice z dziejów Jelenina w gminie Żagań, 2014 with H.Janowicz ()
Dawne dzieje Leszna Górnego w Borach Dolnośląskich, 2014 with K.Danielkowska ()
Wiechlice na rubieży Borów Dolnośląskich, 2015 with D.Grzeszczak ()
Z Kresów na Kresy, 2015 ()
Wędrówki po Puszczy Wiechlickiej, 2015 with H.Janowicz ()
Przykłady budownictwa obronnego ziemi szprotawskiej, Żary 2015, praca dyplomowa pod kierunkiem dr G.Popowa
Co kryją Stawy Bobrowickie w Borach Dolnośląskich, 2017 with M.Krzak ()
Gościeszowice i Międzylesie w gminie Niegosławice – Historie nieznane, 2018 with H.Janowicz ()
Drogi i trasy rowerowe w Gminie Szprotawa. Analiza stanu, potrzeb i możliwości, Szprotawa 2019
Założenia do koncepcji zagospodarowania Parku Goepperta w Szprotawie, 2020 with J.Ryszawy ()
Journeys and scientific research
Archaeological sites in the Jesus Church in Szprotawa (2000)
Expedition to the source of Czerna River (2002)
Expedition to the source of Bóbr (2003)
Expedition to the source of Kwisa (2004)
Exploration in the tower of St. Maria Church in Szprotawa (2005)
Research Program "Castle in Sprottau" (2006)
Exploration in the Tomb of the Order of Mary the Magdala in Szprotawa (2009)
Archaeological sites in the Silesia Wall, under the patronage of Polish Academy of Sciences (2008)
Archaeological sites in the Chrobry fortified village, under the patronage of Polish Academy of Sciences (2008–2009)
Discovery of German Bunkers from Third Reich in Lower Silesian Wilderness (2009)
Discovery of many new fragments of the Silesian Walls (2008–2010)
Discovery of penitential cross from Lubiechów (2010)
Discovery of penitential cross from Długie (2010)
Research Program "Dunes and periodic waters in Lower Silesian Wilderness" (cince 2011)
References
External links
http://www.naukawpolsce.pap.pl/aktualnosci/news,380377,kolo-wsi-lipno-w-lubuskiem-odkryto-kolejne-fragmenty-walow-slaskich.html
http://www.tvp.pl/gorzow-wielkopolski/aktualnosci/spoleczne/sladami-walow/4116906
http://www.national-geographic.pl/aktualnosci/pokaz/odkryto-skamienialosci-roslinne-w-borach-dolnoslaskich/
http://www.national-geographic.pl/artykuly/pokaz/odkryto-fragmenty-walow-slaskich-kolo-lipna/
http://www.naukawpolsce.pap.pl/aktualnosci/news,359423,w-szprotawie-odkryto-sredniowieczne-grodzisko.html
http://kultura.wiara.pl/doc/927398.Jak-Pan-Samochodzik
http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/title,Sensacyjne-odkrycie-archeologow-w-Lubuskiem,wid,10884626,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=1dc68
http://www.wprost.pl/ar/154536/Ilavia-odnaleziona/
http://www.zachod.pl/radio-zachod/serwis-informacyjny/region/dawne-zycie-mieszkancow-borow-dolnoslaskich/
http://zielonagora.naszemiasto.pl/artykul/galeria/1389267,rewitalizacja-historycznego-drogowskazu-zdjecia,id,t.html
http://zielonagora.gazeta.pl/zielonagora/1,35182,11220708,Budowali_market__a_odkryli_starozytne_artefakty.html
http://wiadomosci.onet.pl/regionalne/wroclaw/wyjatkowy-artefakt-w-borach-dolnoslaskich,1,4886009,wiadomosc.html
http://polskalokalna.pl/wiadomosci/dolnoslaskie/news/skamienialosci-roslinne-w-borach-dolnoslaskich,1710808,218
http://www.gazetalubuska.pl/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20100207/TURYSTYKA04/384447108
http://www.fakt.pl/Pogrzebana-zywcem,artykuly,41819,1.html
http://www.naukawpolsce.pap.pl/aktualnosci/news,385528,w-borach-dolnoslaskich-odkryto-skamienialosci-roslinne.html
1974 births
Living people
Polish journalists
Polish male writers
Polish explorers
Justice Simon may refer to:
Florent Edouard Simon (1799-1866), associate justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court
James D. Simon (1897–1982), associate justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court
Seymour Simon (1915–2006), associate justice of the Supreme Court of Illinois
Supermodel po-ukrainsky, cycle 3 was the third season of Supermodel po-ukrainsky. The season premiered on August 26, 2016. All former judges returned for this season. In contrast to the previous two seasons, the show introduced a division of contestants by teams, as well as 'elimination battles' for contestants in the bottom two to help determine who would get eliminated.
The winner of the competition was 18-year-old Maria Grebenyuk. As part of her prizes, she received the opportunity to star on the cover of Pink Magazine in Ukraine, as well as a contract with K Models and a trip to New York City.
Darya Maystrenko, Irina Rotar, Katya Svinarchuk, Oleksandra Litvin and Sasha Kugat would later return to compete for the tile in Top Model po-ukrainsky, cycle 7. Katya Svinarchuk was eliminated in Episode 1. Darya Maystrenko was eliminated in Episode 4 and was brought back in Episode 7. Irina Rotar was eliminated in Episode 5. Sasha Kugat quit the competition in Episode 7. Darya Maystrenko and Sasha Litvin finished as runner-ups.
Contestants
(ages stated are at start of contest)
Episodes
Episode 1
Original airdate:
This was the first casting episode.
Episode 2
Original airdate:
Bottom two/eliminated: Vika Globa & Yuliya Shchedrina
Episode 3
Original airdate:
Bottom two: Anna Tihomirova & Olga Golub
Eliminated: Anna Tihomirova
Episode 4
Original airdate:
Bottom two: Alina Milyayeva & Yulya Chornobil
Eliminated: Yulya Chornobil
Episode 5
Original airdate:
Bottom two: Emi Greys & Olga Golub
Eliminated: Olga Golub
Episode 6
Original airdate:
Immune: Sveta Kosovska
Bottom two: Alina Milyayeva & Ira Rotar
Eliminated: Alina Milyayeva
Episode 7
Original airdate:
Bottom two: Emi Greys & Sveta Kosovska
Eliminated: Emi Greys
Episode 8
Original airdate:
Immune: Dasha Maystrenko
Bottom two: Ira Rotar & Sasha Kugat
Eliminated: Ira Rotar
Episode 9
Original airdate:
Casting winner: Katya Svinarchuk
Bottom two: Yulya Mochalova & Sveta Kosovska
Eliminated: None
Episode 10
Original airdate:
Immune: Sveta Kosovska & Masha Hrebenyuk
Bottom two: Yulya Mochalova & Katya Svinarchuk
Eliminated: Yulya Mochalova
Episode 11
Original airdate:
Bottom two: Masha Hrebenyuk & Sveta Kosovska
Eliminated: Masha Hrebenyuk
Episode 12
Original airdate:
Eliminated: Sasha Kugat
Episode 13
Original airdate:
Returned: Masha Hrebenyuk
Eliminated outside of judging panel: Sasha Livtin
After that, the final 4 flown to Munich.
Eliminated: Katya Svinarchuk
Episode 14
Original airdate:
Eliminated: None
Episode 15
Original airdate:
Final three: Dasha Maystrenko, Masha Hrebenyuk & Sveta Kosovska
Eliminated: Sveta Kosovska
Final two: Dasha Maystrenko & Masha Hrebenyuk
Ukraine's Next Top Model: Masha Hrebenyuk
Summaries
Results
The contestant was eliminated.
The contestant was in the bottom two.
The contestant was immune from elimination.
The contestant was originally eliminated, but was saved.
The contestant was eliminated outside of judging panel.
The contestant won the competition.
Photo shoot guide
Episode 2 photo shoot: Posing with light sticks
Episode 3 photo shoot: Inner World, Sports luxe in a stadium
Episode 4 photo shoot: Acrobats with a male model
Episode 5 photo shoot: Legs, Ice hockey players
Episode 6 photo shoot: Posing on geometric shapes,Auto-washing
Episode 7 photo shoot: Pin-up girls at a factory, Light in the darkness
Episode 8 photo shoot: Lingerie in pairs
Episode 9 photo shoot: Social media PSA
Episode 10 photo shoot: Underwater fabric
Episode 11 photo shoot: Seven deadly sins
Episode 12 photo shoot: Cake body paint with male models, in vacuum space
Episode 13 photo shoot: Steampunk fashion
Episode 14 photo shoot: Photo shoot in the electric train; Five different backgrounds during 10 minutes; General photo shoot in the time mechanism; Salvador Dalí's style
Episode 15 photo shoot: Slavic mythology
Judges
Alla Kostromichova (host & head judge) - model
Sergey Nikityuk (judge) - model scout
Sonya Plakidyuk (judge) - fashion photographer
Richard Gorn (judge) - fashion director
References
External links
Official website
Ukraine
2016 Ukrainian television seasons
The Kinderhook Reformed Dutch Church located in Kinderhook, New York, was the sixth Church between Albany, New York and New York City. It was organized in 1712. Its cemetery, in a separate location one mile northwest of the church, contains the grave of President Martin Van Buren.
External links
Church website
Reformed Church in America churches in New York (state)
Religious organizations established in 1712
Martin Van Buren
Dutch Reformed Church
Churches in Columbia County, New York
Dutch-American culture in New York (state)
Soldadu Abdul Azizi bin Ali Rahman is a Bruneian footballer who plays for DPMM FC as well as the Brunei national football team as a striker. He is the current leading goalscorer of the Brunei Super League since its establishment in 2012.
Club career
Abdul Azizi began playing for the football team of the Royal Brunei Armed Forces in 2009. He has won the Brunei FA Cup with MS ABDB for 4 consecutive times, scoring in the 2015 final. He had once scored 6 goals in one match, in an 11–1 victory over Najip FC in 2013.
He became the overall top scorer in the 2016 Brunei Super League with 8 goals to his name. He repeated this feat in the 2017–18 season, bagging 28 goals. Altogether he has won three championships and five FA Cup winner's medals with MS ABDB before his departure in 2018.
Abdul Azizi officially joined DPMM FC on 13 February 2018, uniting him with his younger brother Azwan who has been playing there since 2013. He made his Singapore Premier League debut on 24 May against Young Lions in a 1-1 draw, coming on for brother Azwan in the 70th minute. Azizi made his first start at home against Hougang United on 18 August in place of the suspended Ukrainian Volodymyr Pryyomov and duly scored a hat-trick to send DPMM to a 3–1 victory. Under Renê Weber, Abdul Azizi made only two starts in 15 appearances in the 2018 season.
After the appointment of Adrian Pennock as DPMM head coach in 2019, Abdul Azizi became a regular in the starting lineup, partnering Andrey Varankow in a 3-5-2 formation. He opened his account for the season in a 2–0 victory at home to Home United on 4 May. He altogether bagged six goals for DPMM, including the winner in a 0–1 away victory against Young Lions FC, to help his side clinch the Singapore Premier League title.
International career
Abdul Azizi made his international debut against Chinese Taipei on 12 March 2015, coming on for his brother Azwan Ali Rahman in the 75th minute of the 2018 World Cup qualifier first leg, which ended 1–0 to the Wasps. He came off the bench for an injured Fakharrazi Hassan on 22 minutes in the second leg on 17 March, the final result was a 0–2 reverse which eliminated Brunei from the 2018 World Cup.
Abdul Azizi scored his first international goal against Cambodia in a friendly match on 3 November 2015. Despite opening the scoring, Brunei lost 1–6. He played a bit-part role in Brunei's international tournament outings of 2016, namely the 2016 AFF Suzuki Cup qualification and the 2016 AFC Solidarity Cup.
Abdul Azizi was to play a huge role by newly-appointed Brunei coach Robbie Servais for the upcoming 2022 World Cup qualification matches in June 2019, but Abdul Azizi declined the callup due to unknown reasons.
In March 2022, Abdul Azizi was back in the fold of the national team for a friendly match on 27 March against Laos in Vientiane. He started the game in a 3–2 defeat. Two months later he made a substitute appearance in a 4–0 defeat against Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur on 27 May. On 21 September he also came off the bench on half time for the home friendly against the Maldives, which resulted in a 0–3 loss. Six days later he was played from the start against Laos and this time the Wasps emerged as victors with a 1–0 win.
Honours
Team
MS ABDB
Brunei Super League (3): 2015, 2016, 2017–18
Brunei FA Cup (5): 2010, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
DPMM FC
Singapore Premier League: 2019
Individual
Brunei Super League Top Scorer (2): 2016, 2017–18
Brunei Super League Best Player: 2015
Personal life
Abdul Azizi's younger brother Azwan is also a Bruneian international who is his teammate at DPMM FC. His cousin Hendra Azam Idris is also another one of his teammates.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Bruneian military personnel
Bruneian footballers
Brunei international footballers
DPMM FC players
MS ABDB players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sascha Hommel (born 25 February 1990) is a German motorcycle racer. He won the IDM Supersport Championship in 2009 and he has also competed in the 125cc World Championship, the Moto2 World Championship and the Supersport World Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
German motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
People from Reichenbach im Vogtland
Sportspeople from Saxony
Phyllonorycter aeriferella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Canada (Ontario and Québec) and the United States (Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maine, New York, Connecticut, Kentucky and Illinois).
The wingspan is 7-8.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba, Quercus bicolor, Quercus falcata, Quercus ilicifolia, Quercus imbricaria, Quercus macrocarpa, Quercus muehlenbergii, Quercus nigra, Quercus prinus, Quercus tinctoria and Quercus velutina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. The leaf is thrown into a fold before pupation and the cuticles are folded and corrugated. The pupa is contained in an oval cocoon, within the mine, made of frass and silk.
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
mothphotographersgroup
MONC-Moths of North Carolina
aeriferella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1859
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Taxa named by James Brackenridge Clemens
Rasih Dino (1865–1928) was an Albanian politician, diplomat and a figure of the Albanian national movement of the early 20th century.
Life
Rasih Dino was born in 1865 in Preveza to the notable Dino family of the area. His father was Abedin Dino, one of the founders of the League of Prizren. Rasih Dino's children include Ali, famous cartoonist and member of the Hellenic Parliament, Leyla Dino Ileri, Abidin (named after his father Abidin) famous painter, and Ahmet (named after Rasih's grandfather Ahmed). In 1908 he funded along with Musa Demi and other locals of Filiates the first Albanian-language school of the town. In 1913 he was the head of the delegation of Albania that signed the Treaty of London. The other two members of the delegation were Mehmet Konica and Filip Noga. Rasih Dino died at the end of 1927 or the beginning of 1928 in Adana.
Sources
1865 births
1928 deaths
Albanian politicians
People from Preveza
Activists of the Albanian National Awakening
Rasih
Saline County is a county in Southern Illinois. At the 2020 census, it had a population of 23,768. The largest city and county seat is Harrisburg. This area of Southern Illinois is known locally as "Little Egypt".
Three major towns in Saline County are connected by U.S. Route 45, and formerly by the now-abandoned Cairo and Vincennes/Big Four/New York Central Line, from north to south: Eldorado, Harrisburg, and Carrier Mills.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water.
The Saline County area is mostly rolling hills throughout gradually rising to the Hills of the Shawnee National Forest. The Saline River flows through the central point of the county in three forks: North, Middle, and South. To the north of Eldorado there are flat lowlands.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Harrisburg have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1951 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in September to in May.
Adjacent counties
Hamilton County (north)
White County (northeast)
Gallatin County (east)
Hardin County (southeast)
Pope County (south)
Johnson County (southwest)
Williamson County (west)
Franklin County (northwest)
National protected area
Shawnee National Forest (part)
State protected areas
Sahara Woods State Fish and Wildlife Area
Saline County State Fish and Wildlife Area
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Highway 45
Illinois Route 13
Illinois Route 34
Illinois Route 142
Illinois Route 145
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 24,913 people, 10,379 households, and 6,631 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 11,697 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.0% white, 4.0% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.4% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 17.8% were Irish, 16.6% were German, 12.9% were American, and 11.1% were English.
Of the 10,379 households, 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were married couples living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.1% were non-families, and 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.89. The median age was 41.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,644 and the median income for a family was $46,314. Males had a median income of $41,108 versus $28,464 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,903. About 13.4% of families and 18.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.5% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Eldorado
Harrisburg
Villages
Carrier Mills (Morrilsville)
Galatia
Muddy
Raleigh
Stonefort (partly in Williamson County)
Unincorporated communities
Buena Vista
Cottage Grove
Delta
Derby
Eagle
Harco
Lakeview (Pond Settlement)
Ledford
Liberty
Mitchellsville
New Hope
Pankeyville
Rudement
Somerset
Texas City
Wasson
West End
Townships
Saline County is divided into thirteen townships:
Brushy
Carrier Mills
Cottage
East Eldorado
Galatia
Harrisburg
Independence
Long Branch
Mountain
Raleigh
Rector
Stone Fort
Tate
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Saline County
Ku Klux Klan in Southern Illinois
References
External links
Saline County Chamber of Commerce
Saline County Official Website (Under Development)
"Tails and Trails of Illinois", Stu Fliege, University of Illinois Press,2002.
"https://web.archive.org/web/20120206132243/http://www.iltrails.org/saline/towns_cities.html, © 2000-2001 by Debbie Woolard, Illinois Trails History and Genealogy.
Gillum Ferguson. 2007. The Perilous Infancy of Saline County, Journal of Illinois History, Vol. 10, p. 49.
Illinois counties
1847 establishments in Illinois
Saline County, Illinois
Saline County, Illinois
Populated places established in 1847
The 22117 / 18 Pune–Amravati AC Superfast Express is a Superfast Express train of the AC Express series belonging to Indian Railways – Central Railway zone that runs between and in India.
It operates as train number 22117 from Pune Junction to Amravati and as train number 22118 in the reverse direction, serving the states of Maharashtra.
Coaches
The 22117 / 18 Pune Junction–Amravati AC Superfast Express has 9 AC 3 tier, 4 AC 2 Tier & 2 End on Generator coaches. It doesn't carry a pantry car .
As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
EOG consists of Luggage and Generator coach
B consists of AC 3 Tier coach
PC consists of Pantry car coach
A consist of AC 2 Tier coach
H consists of First Class AC coach
Service
The 22117 Pune Junction–Amravati AC Superfast Express covers the distance of in 12 hours (60.00 km/hr) & in 13 hours 5 mins as 22118 Amravati–Pune Junction AC Superfast Express (55.00 km/hr).
As the average speed of the train is above , as per Indian Railways rules, its fare includes a Superfast surcharge.
Routeing
The 22117 / 18 Pune Junction–Amravati AC Superfast Express runs from Pune Junction via , , , , , to Amravati.
Traction
As the route is fully electrified, an Ajni-based WAP-7 locomotive powers the train to its destination.
Rake sharing
22123/24 – Pune–Ajni AC Superfast Express
Operation
22117 Pune Junction–Amravati AC Superfast Express leaves Pune Junction every Wednesday & arriving Amravati the next day.
22118 Amravati–Pune Junction AC Superfast Express leaves Amravati every Thursday & arriving Pune Junction the next day.
References
External links
22117 AC Superfast Express at India Rail Info
22118 AC Superfast Express at India Rail Info
AC Express (Indian Railways) trains
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Transport in Amravati
Transport in Pune
Railway services introduced in 2017
Missouri's second congressional district is in the eastern portion of the state, primarily consisting of the suburbs south and west of St. Louis, including Arnold, Town and Country, Wildwood, Chesterfield, and Oakville. The district includes portions of St. Louis, Jefferson and St. Charles counties. Following redistricting in 2010, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported that the district now included more Democratic-leaning voters than it had its 2001–2010 boundaries, but still leaned Republican as a whole. The latest U.S. Census Electorate Profile for the 2nd congressional district estimates there are 581,131 citizens of voting age living in 293,984 households.
Its current representative is Republican Ann Wagner. Wagner faced Democrat Jill Schupp and Libertarian Martin Schulte in the 2020 general election.
List of members representing the district
Election results from presidential races
Election results
1998
2000
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
See also
Missouri's congressional districts
List of the United States congressional districts
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
US Census Bureau
02
Constituencies established in 1847
1847 establishments in Missouri
Constituencies disestablished in 1933
1933 disestablishments in Missouri
Constituencies established in 1935
1935 establishments in Missouri
Aris Antoniades (Greek: Άρης Αντωνιάδης; born December 2, 1991) is a Greek-Cypriot composer, arranger, and orchestrator. Antoniades has composed and arranged music for concert, film, and theater. Some of his most notable works include Chiaroscuro, a symphonic piece that was first performed at the Riverside Church under the baton of conductor George Manahan and later recorded by the National Radio Symphony Orchestra of Greece (ΕRΤ); his Toccata & Fugue for Organ, that was performed at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City; and his big band arrangement of Lalo Schifrin's Mission Impossible Theme which was performed by multi-Grammy nominated percussionist and band leader Bobby Sanabria at Dizzy's Club - Jazz at Lincoln Center. As an arranger and orchestrator, he has written for twenty-eight-time gold and platinum album vocalist (IFPI Greece) Alkistis Protopsalti, as well as Michalis Hatzigiannis, George Perris, and X-Factor (Greece) judges George Theofanous and Mariza Rizou.
Early life and education
Antoniades was born and raised in Limassol, Cyprus, and began taking piano lessons at age 5. After being awarded a scholarship from the Fulbright Commission, he moved to the United States where he completed his bachelor's and master's degrees in classical composition at the Manhattan School of Music in New York City, receiving the Provost's Award for Academic Excellence upon graduation.
Musical career
Antoniades' concert works have been performed in various international venues and music festivals. Most recently, his original big band adaptations of Cypriot folk songs were featured at the Kypria International Festival. Aside from concert works, he has written extensively for film and theater, having scored seven short-films - including the film "Bizone" whose Main Theme was released on all major streaming platforms in 2019. His latest original theater score was for the Greek experimental play Women of Soil (Greek: Γυναίκες από Χώμα). His work Nostos for saxophone and piano, co-commissioned by the University of Sydney and the Australian ensemble HD Duo, was featured in the group's new album Music of the Commonwealth, published by Da Vinci Classics in November 2021.
As of January 2021, he is the artistic director and principal conductor of the TrakArt Pops Orchestra in his homeland, Cyprus. In that capacity he has collaborated with internationally acclaimed Greek composer and pianist Stefanos Korkolis, as well as other important figures of the Greek music world, including singers Kostas Hadjichristodoulou and Sofia Manousaki, and film/T.V. composer Costas Cacoyannis.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Limassol
St Denys Church may refer to:
St Denys Anglican Church, Queensland, Australia
Church of St Denys, Colmworth, Bedfordshire, England
St Denys' Church, Little Barford, Bedfordshire, England
Church of St Denys, Lisvane, Cardiff, Wales
St Denys' Church, Sleaford, Lincolnshire, England
St Denys' Church, Warminster, Wiltshire, England
St Denys's Church, York, England
See also
Saint Denis (disambiguation)
St. Denis' Church (disambiguation)
St. Denys Priory, Hampshire, England
St. Denys Theological Institute, Paris
Community of St. Denys, England
Gelab (, also Romanized as Gelāb, Galāb, and Golāb; also known as Qal‘eh Golāb) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 166, in 40 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Lac de Mâl is a lake in Mauritania's Brakna Region, eastsouth-east of Aleg. The lake is permanent and is fed mainly by the Oued Leye. Its area varies between at the end of the rainy season to around . It is an important habitat for various species of birds.
References
Sources
Map E-28-XXIX
Lakes of Mauritania
Eráti District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Eráti.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
Özlem Conker (born 1 July 1973) is a Turkish actress.
Conker was educated at the Training Center for Special Education Care in the Netherlands. She started her acting career in 1996 by playing a supporting role in the Bizim Ev series. She was first noted by the public in 2001 with her role in the TRT series Vasiyet. She is best known for her roles in the period drama Payitaht: Abdülhamid and the.series Karagül.
Filmography
References
External links
1973 births
Turkish television actresses
Living people
Actresses from Ankara
Friedrich Schertel (13 February 1890 – 5 April 1945) was a German cello virtuoso.
Life
Born in Schweinfurt, Schertel was the youngest son of the bank accountant and later State bank director Sigmund Schertel and his wife Marie Schertel, née Pfeiffer. After grammar school in Hof, he studied at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.
From 1909 to 1912, he studied music at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München. In 1913/14, he received private cello lessons from Julius Klengel in Leipzig. From 1919 to 1921, he was a cellist in Henri Marteau's String Quartet. In 1921/22, he was a principal cellist with the Dresden Philharmonic. From 1922, he was a teacher at the University of Music and Theatre Leipzig. Among his pupils were Erich Hillmann and Hans Kral. In 1933, he also became a member of the Gewandhaus Orchestra in Leipzig. He was repeatedly invited to join the Bayreuth Festival Orchestra (1924/25, 1927/28, 1930/31, 1933/34, 1936–1944).
Schertel belonged to the string quartet of Walther Davisson. He was later a member of Hans Mlynarczyk's String Quartet (1923–1943) and the 's String Quartet (1938–1943) and of Fritz Weitzmann's Trio He also made solo appearances, bringing the Concerto for Violoncello and Orchestra by Fritz Reuter to its premiere in 1929 at the under the conduct of Alfred Szendrei.
He was also a member of the Deutscher Tonkünstlerverband.
Family
His brothers were Wilhelm Schertel (1883–1930), chemist and artist, and Ernst Schertel (1884–1958), writer and educator. A portrait sketch of the cellist made by Otto Pleß appeared in 1934 in an article on personalities of Leipzig musical life in the Zeitschrift für Musik. Schertel, a Catholic, was married to Magda Laier and the father of a son. During the in April 1945, the family perished. Shertel was 55.
Further reading
Hans-Rainer Jung: Das Gewandhaus-Orchester. Seine Mitglieder und seine Geschichte seit 1743. Faber und Faber, Leipzig 2006, , .
Erich H. Müller (ed.): Deutsches Musiker-Lexikon. W. Limpert-Verlag, Dresden 1929.
References
External links
German classical cellists
University of Music and Theatre Leipzig faculty
1890 births
1945 deaths
People from Schweinfurt
German civilians killed in World War II
Deaths by airstrike during World War II
Macon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 United States Census, it had a population of 110,768. Its county seat is Decatur.
Macon County comprises the Decatur, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Macon County was formed on January 19, 1829, out of Shelby County. It was named for Nathaniel Macon, a Colonel in the Revolutionary War. Macon later served as senator from North Carolina until his resignation in 1828. In 1830, future US President Abraham Lincoln and his family moved to Macon County.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Macon County is primarily flat, as is most of the state and all of the surrounding counties, the result of geological activity during the Pleistocene epoch. During the Illinoian Stage of the Pleistocene, the Laurentide Ice Sheet covered about 85 percent of Illinois, including the Macon County area. The subsequent thaw of the region and retreat of the ice sheet left central Illinois with its present characteristic flat topography.
Because of its central location, Macon County is often referred to as "The Heart of Illinois."
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Decatur have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July.
Major highways
Interstate 72
U.S. Route 36
U.S. Route 51
Illinois Route 48
Illinois Route 105
Illinois Route 121
Illinois Route 128
Adjacent counties
De Witt - north
Piatt - northeast
Moultrie - southeast
Shelby - south
Christian - southwest
Sangamon - west
Logan - northwest
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 110,768 people, 45,855 households, and 29,326 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 50,475 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 79.3% white, 16.3% black or African American, 1.0% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 21.7% were German, 17.0% were American, 12.9% were Irish, and 10.8% were English.
Of the 45,855 households, 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were married couples living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.0% were non-families, and 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.89. The median age was 40.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,337 and the median income for a family was $57,570. Males had a median income of $48,570 versus $31,568 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,726. About 10.3% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.1% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Decatur (county seat and largest municipality)
Macon
Maroa
Villages
Argenta
Blue Mound
Forsyth
Harristown
Long Creek
Mount Zion
Niantic
Oreana
Warrensburg
Census-designated place
Boody
Unincorporated communities
Bearsdale
Blackland
Bulldog Crossing
Casner
Elwin
Emery
Heman
Hervey City
Newburg
Oakley
Prairie Hall
Sangamon
Walker
Townships
Austin
Blue Mound
Decatur
Friends Creek
Harristown
Hickory Point
Illini
Long Creek
Maroa
Milam (former, now defunct, after merger with Mount Zion Township)
Mount Zion
Niantic
Oakley
Pleasant View
South Macon
South Wheatland
Whitmore
Politics
In its early years Macon County favored the Democratic Party, voting for it in every election through 1860. Republican Abraham Lincoln won the county in the 1864 election, and from then until the Great Depression Macon County became solidly Republican, only giving a narrow plurality to Woodrow Wilson in 1912 when the GOP was mortally divided by Theodore Roosevelt's splinter–party run.
The FDR-era New Deal saw the county become more amenable to the Democratic Party again due to its strong industrial base. Macon County voted for the winner in every election from 1920 through 1996 save in 1960, 1968, and 1988, in two of which it voted for a losing Democrat over a winning Republican (Humphrey over Nixon in 1968 and Dukakis over George H. W. Bush in 1988). In 2000, Macon voted for a losing Democrat for the third time since the New Deal, as Al Gore narrowly held the county, but since then the county has once again trended Republican, as George W. Bush carried the county over John Kerry in 2004 with the same vote share as Reagan in his 1984 national landslide. Illinois native Barack Obama did carry the county with a plurality in his sweeping 2008 triumph, but was convincingly defeated by Mitt Romney in the county in 2012. In 2016, Hillary Clinton got the lowest vote share of any Democrat since George McGovern; and while Joe Biden improved on her vote share in 2020, he still failed to match McGovern's percentage.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Macon County, Illinois
Notes
References
Illinois counties
1829 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1829
Victor Aly (born 2 June 1994) is a German field hockey player who plays as a goalkeeper for Großflottbek and the German national team.
Club career
Aly comes from Othmarschen in Hamburg so he started playing hockey for the local club Großflottbek. He played eight years for Rot-Weiss Köln in Cologne. In May 2020, it was announced he returned to Großflottbek for the 2020–21 season.
International career
Aly was a part of the Germany under-21 team which won the 2013 Junior World Cup. He made his debut for the senior national team in February 2015 in a test match against South Africa. In December 2019, he was nominated for the FIH Goalkeeper of the Year Award. On 28 May 2021, he was named in the squad for the 2021 EuroHockey Championship and was named as a reserve for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Field hockey players from Hamburg
German male field hockey players
Male field hockey goalkeepers
2018 Men's Hockey World Cup players
Rot-Weiss Köln players
Çukurbağ Peninsula is a small Mediterranean peninsula in Turkey.
It is located to the west of Kaş ilçe (district) of Antalya Province and to the north of the Greek island Kastellorizo (). Kaş Marina is to the north of the peninsula. The tip of the peninsula is at . Its longer dimension (east to west) is about .
The peninsula is known for touristic hotels and beaches.
References
Tourist attractions in Antalya Province
Kaş District
Peninsulas of Turkey
Nicolás Gómez (born 25 February 1996) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ferro Carril Oeste.
Career
Gómez started out with Primera B Nacional side Ferro Carril Oeste. His professional debut arrived during the 2016 season against Gimnasia y Esgrima on 18 June, as he came off the bench for Guillermo Vernetti after seventy-five minutes. He made his first start for the club in July 2017 during a defeat to All Boys.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Primera Nacional players
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
Michael Joseph Farragher (January 2, 1871 – October 21, 1934) was a well-known welterweight boxer from Youngstown, Ohio. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Farragher faced opponents in venues such as New York City; Wheeling, West Virginia; Cleveland, Ohio; and Homestead, Pennsylvania.
Early in his career, journalists compared Farragher to legendary prizefighter James J. Corbett, in terms of both his physical appearance and fighting style.
Early years
He was born in the working-class district of Brier Hill, on Youngstown's north side. The Farraghers were actively involved with St. Ann's Roman Catholic Church, and at least two members of the family became well known athletes. Mike Farragher's younger brother, James Farragher, gained recognition as a left tackle on the University of Notre Dame's football team and is credited in official histories as an acting head coach of the "Fighting Irish".
Boxing career
Farragher weighed in at between 122 and 135 pounds and participated in almost 40 fights, with five knockouts to his credit. In a career that lasted from 1891 to 1912, he defeated early champions such as Jim Gallagher, Jeff Powers, Tommy Broderick, Jimmy Reeder, and Stanton Abbott.
He was unable to fight in his hometown throughout 1894, because "local ministers took a united stand against the sport", while "the Catholic Institute barred all persons who had taken part in prize fights". Farragher was evidently undeterred. That year, he defeated Eastern champion Abe Lloyd in a bout of 27 rounds held in Ellwood City, Pennsylvania.
One of his most anticipated matches of 1895 involved English-born fighter John Parry, a resident of Homestead, Pennsylvania.". "At present there is no one in the ring whom Farragher would rather meet than the man Parry", the Youngstown Daily Vindicator reported on June 3, 1895. "According to Farragher, the young Englishman acted unlike a gentleman at a recent meeting Farragher had with [rival fighter James] Callagher, and at which contest Parry was behind Callagher". The following week, the Vindicator noted that Farragher was training for the match at O'Brien's Westake Crossing Gymnasium in Youngstown. "He is reported to be in his usual good shape and says he will have no trouble in getting to weight at the appointed time", the paper added.
In early July, Farragher completed his preparatory training in Pittsburgh, where Parry was said to be "a big favorite" and "considerable money will be wagered". On July 10, 1895, the Vindicator reported that Farragher, "the game and scientific Youngstown light-weight pugilist", had "knocked out" Parry in the 13th round of a "savage" contest held the previous evening in Wheeling, West Virginia. The Vindicator reported that, at the beginning of the final round, "Parry was sent in to knock Farragher out, and it was supposed by Parry's admirers that he could do so". After several of Parry's swings "missed their aim", however, Farragher delivered a powerful right blow to Parry, "who fell like one dead, and amid cheers from the crowd was counted out".
An obituary indicates that Farragher's career peaked between 1902 and 1906. He retired after defeating opponent Phil Cassidy in a fight held in Youngstown, on February 12, 1912.
Personal life
Farragher was married on November 10, 1894, though this fact was not widely publicized until August 1895. His bride was the former Rose Daley, a native of neighboring Warren, Ohio, who was described by the Vindicator as "an accomplished young lady, possessing a large number of friends". The Vindicator added that the secrecy surrounding the marriage ceremony had been purposeful. "It was the intention to keep the matter a secret, and how well they succeeded is fully demonstrated by the fact that until today nobody except the immediate relatives of the contracting parties and the witnesses were aware of it". The couple eventually had two daughters.
Later years
After leaving the ring, Farragher established a "popular" tavern on Commerce Street, in downtown Youngstown. The business remained in operation until the enforcement of Prohibition. At that point, Farragher became involved in real estate in the Youngstown and Detroit markets.
On the morning of October 21, 1934, Michael Joseph Farragher died at his daughter's south side home. An obituary notes he had suffered a debilitating stroke about 10 months earlier. Farragher was survived by his daughter, Mrs. Lawrence J. Moran, a son, Joseph Farragher of South America, and the following siblings: John and James Farragher, Mrs. John King, Miss Catherine Farragher, Mrs. John Barnes, and Mrs. Joseph Tobin. His wife, Rose, had died in 1924. His funeral service was held at St. Dominic's Church, and he was buried at Calvary Cemetery, in Youngstown, Ohio. The passing of one of Youngstown's celebrated "old-time boxers" was duly noted in both of the city's daily newspapers.
See also
List of bare-knuckle boxers
References
External links
Cyber Boxing Zone
1871 births
1934 deaths
Bare-knuckle boxers
Boxers from Youngstown, Ohio
American male boxers
Sebastian Hackl (born 4 October 1980 in Passau, Germany) is a German professional wrestler and commentator. His Ring name is Sebastian Sage.
Career
At the age of nine, Hackl became interested in wrestling. He was contracted from 2009 to 2012 as a contract survivor at NEW. In GWP and Westside Xtreme Wrestling (wXw), he appeared as a free agent.
On April 15, 2013, he announced the interim end of his in-ring career to focus on commenting.
Since 2010 Hackl's been under contract with WWE but competed in matches for WFW, New European Championship Wrestling and Ultimate Kombat Wrestling Association. In December, 2010, he won the UKWA Champion title from Maxxberg on Maxima 8.
At the moment he is a member of the German announcer team and is heard on EuroSport, Sky, ProSieben Maxx and WWE Network.
Besides all the above he commentates on MMA events on DAZN too.
Championships and accomplishments
1x UKWA Champion
1x NEW Hardcore Champion
References
1980 births
Living people
German male professional wrestlers
Ryan Lynch is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Montana Senate. He previously served in the Montana House of Representatives
References
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Emad Avar (, also Romanized as ‘Emād Āvar; also known as ‘Emād Āvard, Emād Āvard, and Aḩmad-e Vard) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 842, in 220 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
{{Infobox Italian comune
| name = Montemurro
| official_name = Comune di Montemurro
| native_name =
| image_skyline = Montemurro1.jpg
| imagesize =
| image_alt =
| image_caption =
| image_shield = Montemurro-Stemma.svg
| shield_alt =
| image_map =
| map_alt =
| map_caption =
| pushpin_label_position =
| pushpin_map_alt =
| coordinates =
| coordinates_footnotes =
| region =
| province = (PZ)
| frazioni = Le Piane
| mayor_party =
| mayor =
| area_footnotes =
| area_total_km2 = 56.54
| population_footnotes =
| population_total = 1428
| population_as_of = 30 March 2008
| pop_density_footnotes =
| population_demonym = Montemurresi (Local dialect: munt'murris)
| elevation_footnotes =
| elevation_min_m =
| elevation_max_m =
| elevation_m = 723
| twin1 =
| twin1_country =
| saint = St. George and St. Maurice
| day = 23 April (St. George) and 16–18 August (St. Roch)
| postal_code = 85053
| area_code = 0971
| website =
| footnotes =
| istat = 076052
| fractions = Armento, Corleto Perticara, Grumento Nova, San Martino d'Agri, Spinoso, Viggiano
| fiscal_code = F573
}}Montemurro''' is a town and comune'' in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Fazhanhe Hani Ethnic Township () is an ethnic township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 15,884 and an area of .
Etymology
The township named after Fazhan River (), which flows through the region.
Administrative division
As of 2016, the township is divided into four villages:
Fazhanhe ()
Mengnai ()
Heishan ()
Yingpan ()
History
Formerly known as "Yingpan District" (), it came under the jurisdiction of Dayakou Tudusi () in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911).
In 1940, it belonged to the 3rd District and then became Xinya Township ().
In 1949, it was under the jurisdiction of Ningjiang County (). After Ningjiang County was revoked in 1953, it was renamed "Yingpan District". In 1971 its name was changed to "Yingpan Commune" (). It was formed as a township in 1988.
Geography
The township is situated at southeastern Lancang Lahu Autonomous County. It borders Nuozhadu Town in the north and northeast, Town in the east, Menghai County in the south and east, Huimin Town in the southwest, and Jiujing Hani Ethnic Township in the west.
There are over five rivers and streams in the township, such as Fazhan River (), Mengsong River (), Manghong River (), Nankang River (), and Mengnai River ().
Economy
The economy of the township is mainly based on agriculture, including farming and pig-breeding. Tea, sugarcane, and fruit are the economic plants of this region.
Demographics
As of 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township's population now to be 15,884.
Transportation
The National Highway G214 passes across the township north to south.
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Franklin Adin Simmonds F.R.C.S. (31 October 1910 - 14 July 1983; also known as Sam Simmonds) was a British orthopaedic surgeon for whom the Simmonds' test on rupture of the Achilles tendon is named. He also worked with the pioneering surgeon John Charnley on hip replacement surgery and became an expert in this field.
He very much disliked his given names and in adult life was universally known as Sam.
Career
After education at Sherborne School in Dorset he studied at Pembroke College, Cambridge, and St Thomas's Hospital London. From 1939 to 1941 he worked with W. Rowley Bristow at St Nicholas's Hospital Pyrford (subsequently renamed Rowley Bristow Hospital Pyrford), and when Rowley Bristow became Brigadier in charge of orthopaedic services of the British Army, he recruited Simmonds into the Royal Army Medical Corps. Lt Col Simmonds commanded base hospitals in North Africa, Sicily, France and the Far East. After the war he returned to Pyrford and worked there and at The Royal Surrey County Hospital Guildford until his retirement in 1975. His simple but effective test for rupture of the Achilles tendon was developed in 1956/57 and is still widely used today.
A golf Blue (university sport) at Cambridge, his clinical skill with his hands was mirrored in lifelong amateur golf expertise; his 0 (zero) handicap for most of his adult life equalled that of a professional.
References
Pembroke College Cambridge Society Gazette Annual Gazette vol 6 1932 Golf Blue
The Diagnosis of the Ruptured Achilles Tendon, F A Simmonds MB FRCS July 1957 The Practitioner 179
The Immobile Meniscus, F A Simmonds FRCS 1964 Postgraduate Medical Journal 40 pp527–528
Obituary 24 September 1983 British Medical Journal vol 287 p919
1910 births
1983 deaths
British orthopaedic surgeons
Alumni of Pembroke College, Cambridge
20th-century surgeons
The Turkish Workers and Peasants Socialist Party (, TİÇSF) was a socialist party founded in Istanbul on 22 September 1919. Şefik Hüsnü, Ethem Nejat, Ahmet Akif, Sadrettin Celal, Nafi Atuğ Kansu, Cevat Cevdet and Namık İsmail were prominent members. When Istanbul was militarily occupied by Britain and France the party suspended its activities.
Originally the TİÇSF gave support to Kemal Atatürk. They attended the first congress of the Communist Party of Turkey (TKP) held in Baku on 10 September 1920, where the TKP was established.
Further reading
Communism in History and Theory by Donald F. Busky, Greenwood Press, 2002
Workers and Peasants in the Modern Middle East by Joel Beinin, Cambridge University Press, 2001
References
Defunct socialist parties in Turkey
Political parties in the Ottoman Empire
The 1973–74 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 35th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Hasle-Loren Idrettslag won the championship.
First round
Second round
Final round
Final tiebreaker
Hasle-Løren Idrettslag - Frisk Asker 3:0
Relegation round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1973 in Norwegian sport
1974 in Norwegian sport
Nagydobsza is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
Location
Nagydobsza is located on the western border of Baranya county. The nearest cities are Szigetvár and Barcs, which are 11 kilometres and 19 kilometres away respectively.
Access
6-os főút (Highway 6) passes through the village, making it easily accessible from other parts of the country.
The Gyékényes-Pécs railway line passes by the village, but does not stop there. The closest railway connection is offered by the Kisdobsza stop, about 800 metres southwest of the village.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 100 metre butterfly event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Friday 1998-01-16 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
Note: This is not a complete list of results. The SwimNews source below lists 70 swimmers entered in the event. One of the non-list swimmers is very likely Kamal Salman Masud who set a Pakistan Record of 58.19.
Remarks
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 100m Butterfly (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 100m Butterfly (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 100m Butterfly (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 100m Butterfly (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
Kenny Larkin (who also releases as Dark Comedy) is an American techno producer from Detroit. He has been described by AllMusic as "massively influential" on American, British, and German techno.
Larkin was born in 1968 and raised in Detroit, but did not participate in the early years of Detroit techno because he was serving in the military. Upon his return, he began producing, influenced by Juan Atkins and Derrick May, as well as the Chicago house music scene. His early single releases, "We Shall Overcome" and "Integration", were issued on Plus 8, a label overseen by Richie Hawtin and John Acquaviva; later releases appeared on Buzz and Warp as well as other labels. His records have seen more success in continental Europe than in the U.S.
Late in the 1990s, Larkin began working as a stand-up comedian into the 2000s. His musical output has slowed down as a result.
Discography
As Kenny Larkin
We Shall Overcome Synthpunk (12"), Plus 8 Records, 1990
Integration (12"), Plus 8 Records, 1991
Azimuth (LP), Warp Records, 1994
Catatonic (12"), R & S Records, 1994
Chasers / The Shit (12"), Distance, 1995
Metaphor (LP), R & S Records, 1995
Loop 2 (12"), R & S Records, 1996
Smile / Life (12"), KMS, 1999
Ancient Beats / Seduce Her (12"), Peacefrog Records 2004
Let Me Think (12"), Peacefrog Records, 2004
Art of Dance (LP), Distance Records, 1998
The Narcissist (LP), Peacefrog Records, 2004
Dark Comedy Pt 1 (12"), Rush Hour Recordings, 2006
Dark Comedy Pt 2 (12"), Rush Hour Recordings, 2006
You Are... (12"), Planet E Records, 2008
Keys, Strings, Tambourines (LP), Planet E Records, 2008
As Dark ComedyCorbomite Maneuver EP (12"), TransmatWar of the Worlds / Without a Sound (12"), Art of Dance, 1992Seven Days (12"), Elypsia, 1996Plankton / Clavia's North (12"), Art of Dance, 1997Seven Days (LP), Elypsia, 1997Funkfaker Music Saves My Soul (12"), Poussez!, 2004Funkfaker: Music Saves My Soul (LP), Poussez!, 2005Good God'' (12"), Poussez!, 2005
References
External links
Kenny Larkin discography at Discogs.
American techno musicians
Musicians from Detroit
Living people
1968 births
Peacefrog Records artists
Maki Eguchi (江口真紀, born 14 October 1978) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1978 births
Living people
Japanese women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1986 season.
Overview
National Defense Ministry won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Ngandeli is one of the Reef Islands located in Temotu Province of the Solomon Islands.
References
Islands of the Solomon Islands
Polynesian outliers
The fish market on the coast in the western part of Nouakchott, Mauritania is a bustling centre. It is described by Lonely Planet as "incredibly lively and extremely colorful" and having "teams of men, mostly Wolof and Fula, dragging in heavy hand-knotted fishing nets and small boys hurrying back and forth with trays of fish".
References
Retail markets in Mauritania
Nouakchott
Together Again for the Last Time is an album by saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Gene Ammons recorded in 1973 and released on the Prestige label in 1976. The album was the final recording by the pair, who had a long history of collaboration, prior to the death of Ammons in 1974.
Reception
The Allmusic review stated "Their similar styles and combative approach made their musical encounters quite exciting and this Prestige LP, their last joint recording, has some strong trade-offs... this is a fine date that is recommended to fans of the two tenors".
Track listing
All compositions by Gene Ammons except as indicated
"Saxification" - 4:38
"The More I See You" (Mack Gordon, Harry Warren) - 10:22
"The Window Pain" - 4:47
"I'll Close My Eyes" (Buddy Kaye, Billy Reid) - 5:06
"One for Amos" - 4:57
"For All We Know" (J. Fred Coots, Sam M. Lewis) - 5:52
Recorded at C.I. Studios, New York on November 20, 1973 (track 4), November 21, 1973 (tracks 5 & 6) and December 10, 1973 (tracks 1-3)
Personnel
Gene Ammons - tenor saxophone (tracks 1-5)
Sonny Stitt - tenor saxophone (tracks 1, 3, 5 & 6)
Junior Mance - piano, electric piano
Sam Jones - bass
Ajaramu J. Shelton (tracks 1-3), Mickey Roker (tracks 4-6) - drums
Warren Smith - percussion (tracks 1-3)
References
1976 albums
Prestige Records albums
Collaborative albums
Gene Ammons albums
Sonny Stitt albums
Albums produced by Duke Pearson
KBHE may refer to:
KBHE-FM, a radio station (89.3 FM) licensed to Rapid City, South Dakota, United States
KBHE-TV, a television station (channel 26) licensed to Rapid City, South Dakota, United States
Phtheochroa schreieri is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Turkey.
References
Moths described in 1992
Phtheochroa
The Last Stage (Polish: Ostatni etap) is a 1948 Polish feature film directed and co-written by Wanda Jakubowska, depicting her experiences in the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II.
The film was one of the early cinematic efforts to describe the Holocaust, and it is still quoted extensively by succeeding directors, including Steven Spielberg in Schindler's List.
Plot
Marta Weiss (Barbara Drapinska), a Polish Jew, arrives by cattle car to the Auschwitz concentration camp. While there, she catches the attention of the guards as she is multilingual and is put to work as a translator. When she inquires about the factory at the camp, a fellow inmate informs her that it is a crematorium and that the rest of her family likely has been murdered. The character Marta Weiss is based on the true life of Mala Zimetbaum.
In the barracks, many of the women are dying and ill. Eugenia, a prisoner and doctor, tries her best to minister to them but is unable to do much as supplies are limited. The women learn that an international commission is coming to the camp to observe the conditions of the prisoners. Eugenia learns a few key phrases in German and is able to tell the observers that everything they see is a lie and people are dying. Unfortunately the commanders tell the observers that Eugenia is mentally ill. Later they torture her to find out who taught her the German phrases but Eugenia refuses to tell them and is murdered.
Eugenia is replaced by Lalunia, a Polish woman who claims to have been rounded up by mistake and who says she is a doctor though she is actually only a pharmacist's wife. However rather than administer medicine to the women of the camp she distributes them among the Kapos in exchange for luxuries like clothes and perfume. The nurses' aide searches her room and confiscates the remaining medicine. Lalunia later turns the aide in and has her killed after discovering messages she had written that the Russians were advancing.
Meanwhile, Marta is able to temporarily escape in order to smuggle information about the camps to a resistance broadcaster. When she is returned to the camp, she is tortured and then sentenced to death by hanging. A prisoner frees her wrists and hands her a knife before she is to die, and she tells the camp that the Russians are coming and slashes the face of the Nazi commander who tortured her. Before the guards can retaliate, planes are heard overhead, and Marta realizes that the Russians have come to liberate them.
Cast
Barbara Drapinska
Wanda Bartówna
Alina Janowska
Maria Vinogradova
Release and reception
The film won the Crystal Globe at Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1948, and it was nominated for Grand International Award at Venice Film Festival in 1948 and for a BAFTA Award for Best Film from Any Source in 1950.
It was released in the U.S. with English subtitles by Times Film Corporation in 1949 as The Last Stop.
It was released on DVD in the U.S. in 2009 by Polart Distribution.
References
External links
1947 films
1947 drama films
Polish drama films
1940s Polish-language films
1940s German-language films
Holocaust films
Films based on actual events
Films directed by Wanda Jakubowska
Crystal Globe winners
Polish black-and-white films
1940s multilingual films
Polish multilingual films
"AA UU" is the fourth single by Titãs, released in 1986. Most of this song consists simply of Sérgio Britto screaming "AA", while the other vocalists reply with "UU". The band Símios made a cover of this song. The song was featured on the Rede Globo telenovela Hiper Tensão and on the soundtrack for the 2008 film Meu Nome Não É Johnny. A song they already played in shows before working on the album, it was the first track to be recorded for Cabeça Dinossauro. The track received some airplay, but not without resistance. It only became a hit after its video was broadcast on Rede Globo's Fantástico.
References
1986 singles
Titãs songs
1986 songs
Warner Music Group singles
Songs written by Sérgio Britto
Songs written by Marcelo Fromer
Badeboda Bo was the name of the house used as studio for Sveriges Television's Sommarlovsmorgon (Swedish "Summer vacation Morning") the summers of 2003 and 2004. The house was built in Växjö, in the forest behind SVT Växjö's former studio. However, the forest as well as the house was demolished when SVT Växjö moved to Teleborg, and a new playground was built up in 2008.
2003: Badeboda Bo
The 2003 Sommarlovsmorgon was Badeboda Bo, which was broadcast on SVT1, from the house Badeboda Bo, every morning except Saturdays and Sundays at 9.15am from 16 June to 8 August 2003.
Plot
Two detectives are hunting a girl who, however, hides herself and, during her escape, finds a direction sign showing the way to Badeboda Bo, a seaside hotel which has been run by the Eneman family for over a century. When meeting the hotel chief Eugen Eneman (played by Mattias Linderoth) and his younger brother and kitchen master Ebert Eneman (played by Henrik Johansson), she presents herself as Ella (played by Oldoz Javidi) and gets a job as artisan, but later reveals that she actually came to Badeboda Bo in order to seek a hiding place from the detectives (played by Klas Sivertson and Mikael Cedergren) who are hunting her, by order from the director of Stora hotellet i Badeboda (the "Badeboda Grand Hotel") Gottfrid Gnidhage (played by Niclas Fransson) who accused Ella for sabotaging a million-worth chandelier at Stora hotellet and forced her to pay him one million kronor or wash at least one million plates in the hotel kitchen, but after washing just a few plates Ella decided to flee from there and then happened to find the way to Badeboda Bo.
Every day, Ella, Eugen and Ebert watch TV programs like Spegel, Spegel, Ocean Star, Skrotnisse och hans vänner, Mr. Bean, Monsterskolan and The Three Friends and Jerry ("De tre vännerna och Jerry").
Every Monday, Badeboda Bo is visited by the sour inspector Condensia Collberg (played by Lena Athena Tolstoy), who always finds some fault and threatens to close down the hotel if the fault is not repaired within a week. However, the TV watchers are able to solve the problem of a week on the website (svt.se/badebodabo) and telephone Badeboda Bo and thereby help Ella, Eugen and Ebert to repair the fault and save the hotel from being closed down, or otherwise help them to solve other problems by giving them tips by the phone, and as a reward the TV watchers who have telephoned win a beach towel with the Badeboda Bo logotype.
By the end of the summer, it's proven that Badeboda Bo has de facto always been legally owned by the Collberg family and never by the Enemans, as Eugen's and Ebert's great-great-grandfather Ebenezer Eneman, who founded the seaside hotel, actually was a cheater, which is confirmed by an eye witness, a bartender (played by Erik Edwardsson):
In the year 1900, sailor Ebenezer Eneman (played by Jurgen Andersson) lost his capsized ship but luckily came into land. At an inn he met a countryman who presented himself as Charles P. Collberg (played by Martin Wargren), who proves to be brother of Condensia's great-great-grandmother Crinolina Collberg (also played by Lena Athena Tolstoy) and great-great-grandfather of Gottfrid Gnidhage. When gambling with Charles P. Collberg, Ebenezer Eneman was cheating and could thereby steal the certificate of title of Collberg's real property Badeboda Bo. However, as Collberg has never signed his certificate of title, he has never either accepted Eneman's deal, and therefore the deal is illegal and Condensia Collberg, the only living descendant of Charles P. Collberg, owns the legal right of ownership of Badeboda Bo.
However, Eugen and Ebert are saved from being evicted by Condensia Collberg from Badeboda Bo by their father Erland Eneman (also played by Jurgen Andersson), who disappeared 16 years ago when he left his sons for a job which he now, when returning home, reveals to have been digging a canal to Badeboda Bo all the way from the sea. Aware of the fact that his ancestor Ebenezer stole Badeboda Bo from the Collberg family who are the de facto owners of Badeboda Bo, Erland asks for permission to buy Badeboda Bo from Condensia who, however, decides to not sell it, but instead let Erland become her co-owner of it, and proves to be a good woman who actually is not so cruel as she has appeared to be the whole summer, which she shows earlier the same day as she allows Erland to join her as owner of Badeboda Bo, when she saves Ella from being arrested by Gottfrid Gnidhage and his two hired detectives. Condensia convinces Ella that she is actually innocent and that it is in fact Gnidhage himself who is behind the sabotage of the million-worth chandelier:
After giving Ella, an employee at Stora hotellet, a job to clean the room where the chandelier hung upon the roof, Gnidhage sneaked up to the upper floor to cut off the ropes, letting the chandelier fall down and smash into the floor, in order to cheatingly earn one million kronor from the insurance, but also in order to fabricate false proofs that Ella was responsible for the sabotage of the chandelier, using that as an excuse to force Ella to work for one million kronor and thereby exploiting Ella as labour without paying her.
After confronting Gnidhage for the sabotage, Condensia gives the detectives order to arrest him and let Ella go free.
Guest roles
Stefan and Inga-Lill Leske as Mr and Mrs Stråkhage, midsummerguests
Kenneth Rydholm as scoutleader, a midsummerguest
Christian Jonsson as scouter
Henrik and Maja Snögren as scouters
Lasse Beischer and Morgan Alling as Lasse and Morgan, garbage collectors (known from Tippen)
Annika Andersson as Doctor Fubbelkvist
Peter Settman as Anton Argonius, actor
Anna Blomberg as Vera Sund, a sour guest
Anders Linder as Kapten Zoom (known from Vintergatan)
Jonas Sykfont as Femman (known from Vintergatan)
Anna Rydgren as Stacey, hotel manager
2004: Sommarkåken
In 2004, the Sommarlovsmorgon program was Sommarkåken ("The Summerhouse") which was broadcast on SVT1 every morning except Saturdays and Sundays, at 9.15am from 14 June to 6 August 2004, from the same house as Badeboda Bo was broadcast from the year before.
Plot
The former hotel Badeboda Bo has been sold to a TV team who have arranged a competition under the name Sommarkåken, which will be ongoing for eight weeks in the summer, and the winner will be rewarded with ten million kronor. Two competitors have been invited, Filip and Jasmin. Competitions are held for Filip and Jasmin every Friday while competitions for the TV watchers are held Monday–Thursday. Sommarkåken broadcasts TV programs, among them Pojken med guldbyxorna, Seaside Hotel and Search for Treasure Island ("Sökandet efter skattkammarön").
Hosts
Henrik Olsson
Anna Rydgren
Fredrik Berling
Josefine Sundström
Henrik Ståhl
Guest roles
Pontus Ströbaek as Filip
Rayam Jazari as Jasmin
Caroline Rendahl as Futuria
Albin Holmberg as Joker
Alf Pilnäs
References
External links
Badeboda Bo game on Sveriges Television's website
Badeboda Bo on omfilm.net
Badeboda Bo information on Morgan Alling's website
Buildings and structures in Växjö
Fictional hotels
Sveriges Television original programming
Swedish children's television series
2000s Swedish television series
Timothy Paul Tully (born 1954) is an American neurobiologist who is the chief scientific officer and executive vice president for research & development at the San Diego-based biotechnology company Dart Neuroscience. He is known for his research on the role of genetics in human memory. With the support of billionaire Ken Dart, he is also attempting to create a pharmaceutical drug that would give its takers a photographic memory, which has been dubbed "Viagra for the brain" by the media.
Education and career
Born in Washington, Illinois, Tully attended the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, from which he received his B.S. in 1976 and his Ph.D. in 1981. At the University of Illinois, he studied under Jerry Hirsch, and helped to prepare Hirsch for his debates on race and intelligence with William Shockley. He then did postdoctoral research at Princeton University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology before joining the faculty of Brandeis University as an assistant professor in 1987. He began working at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (CSHL) in 1991 as an associate professor, where he was subsequently named Professor in 1995 and Head of the Division of Neurogenetics in 2006. In 1997, he and James Watson founded Helicon Therapeutics, Inc., with the aim of creating a pharmaceutical drug to enhance human memory. Tully served as its acting Chief Science Officer until it merged with Dart Neuroscience in 2012. In 2007, he resigned his position at CSHL to become Chief Science Officer at Dart Neuroscience.
Research
Tully is known for his research identifying genes that affect memory in the fruit fly species Drosophila melanogaster. In 1995, Tully and his CSHL colleague Jerry Yin made headlines when they genetically engineered a Drosophila fly that displayed the equivalent of a photographic memory. They did so by breeding flies with a mutated form of the CREB gene to produce many more activator proteins than it normally would, thereby allowing the flies to store more long-term memories. Through his company Helicon, Tully subsequently began working to develop a drug to raise levels of the CREB protein, in the hope that it would improve memory in humans. In 2004, Tully and his CSHL colleagues developed HT-0712, a drug that aims to improve memory in people with dementia. At the time, Tully suggested that it could also be used by healthy people to help them remember how to play a new musical instrument or speak a new language.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
People from Washington, Illinois
American neuroscientists
American geneticists
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Brandeis University faculty
Memory researchers
Sparneck is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany.
Location
The market town of Sparneck lies at an average height of in the Pfarrbach valley, which forms the larger part of the area. The Saxon Saale river flows through this valley in a northerly direction. Towards the east the 877 metre high Waldstein ridge rises, the source of the Saale is on its slopes. It forms the natural boundary with the neighbouring district of Wunsiedel.
History
Sparneck is first mentioned 1223 with a person from Sparneck family.
References
Hof (district)
Master of the Holy Blood (active 1510–1520) was an Early Netherlandish painter.
Little is known of his/her life. This painter is named after a work in the Museum of the Holy Blood, which has remained in the same location through the centuries.
References
record in the RKD
1530s deaths
Early Netherlandish painters
Artists from Bruges
Events in the year 1161 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Magnus V Erlingsson (along with Haakon II Sigurdsson)
Events
3 February - King Inge I of Norway was defeated and killed while leading his men into battle against Haakon II of Norway near Oslo.
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
4 February – Inge I of Norway, King (born c. 1135).
References
Norway
Johan Adam Pollich or Johann (1 January 1741, Kaiserslautern – 24 February 1780) was a German doctor, botanist and entomologist.
He studied medicine in Strasbourg, and following graduation he practiced medicine for a short period of time. From 1764 onward he devoted his energies to natural sciences. In 1776 he published the first volume of Historia plantarum in Palatinatu, followed by volumes II & III the next year. Because of its excellent descriptions of plants, this work was highly praised by Pollich's contemporaries.
Works
1763: Dissertatio physiologico-medica de nutrimento incremento statu ac decremento corporis humani. 20 S. Argentorati: Heitz (med. Dissertation)
1776-1777: Historia plantarum in Palatinatu electorali sponte nascentium incepta, secundum systema sexuale digesta. Bd. 1 : 454 S.; Bd. 2: 664 S.; Bd. 3: 320 S. - Mannhemii, apud Christian Friedrich Schwan (1733-1815).
1779: Beschreibung einiger Insecten, die noch im Linné'schen System fehlen und um Weilburg vorkommen.
1781: Von den Insecten die in Linne's Natursystem nicht befindlich sind. Bemerk. Kuhrpfälz. phys.-oek. Ges., 1779: 252-287.
1783: Descriptio insectorum Palatinorum. Act. Leopoldina VII.
External links
http://www.pollichia.de/
IPNI List of taxa described by Pollich.
References
G. H. Müller: Johann Adam Pollich (1741-1780). 'Medicinae Doctor' und Pflanzengeograph der Pfalz. Eine Studie anhand bisher unbekannter Briefe, Dokumente und Schriften Pollichia Buch Nr. 21, 176 S. Bad Dürkheim, 1990.
18th-century German botanists
German entomologists
1741 births
1780 deaths
People from Kaiserslautern
Huw William Edmund Edwards (born 12 April 1953) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Monmouth over two separate terms.
Throughout both of his terms, he served on the Welsh Affairs Select Committee.
Edwards was first elected as Monmouth's MP at a by-election in May 1991, but lost the seat at the 1992 general election. He won it again in the 1997 and 2001 elections. Edwards lost the seat again in the 2005 election.
See also
1991 Monmouth by-election
References
External links
Alumni of Manchester Metropolitan University
1953 births
Living people
Welsh Labour Party MPs
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
Alumni of the University of York
Monmouth, Wales
John Cox (1911 – 17 September 1990) was a Scottish football player and manager. He served Hamilton Academical (where he spent the majority of his playing career, making over 200 appearances in the right half position), Ayr United and St Mirren (the latter as a World War II guest) as both player and manager. He also had a short spell in English football with Preston North End, and after the conflict ended he finished his career with Stranraer.
His cousin Sammy Cox was also a footballer who played at international level for Scotland and at club level for Rangers; while manager at Hamilton, he signed his nephew – also John/Jackie – for the club, although the younger Cox made only one league appearance for Accies (he also featured for Stranraer, and briefly for Kilmarnock).
Honours
Player
Hamilton Academical
Scottish Cup: runner-up 1934–35
Manager
Ayr United
Scottish Football League Division Two: 1958–59
Managerial statistics
References
1911 births
1990 deaths
Footballers from East Ayrshire
Scottish footballers
Association football wing halves
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Darvel F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Hamilton Academical F.C. players
Ayr United F.C. players
Stranraer F.C. players
English Football League players
Preston North End F.C. players
Partick Thistle F.C. wartime guest players
Hamilton Academical F.C. wartime guest players
St Mirren F.C. wartime guest players
Scottish football managers
Scottish Football League managers
Hamilton Academical F.C. managers
St Mirren F.C. managers
Ayr United F.C. managers
Images in a Convent () is a 1979 sexploitation film by Italian cult filmmaker Joe D'Amato starring Paola Senatore, Marina Hedman and Donald O'Brien.
The film belongs to the 'nunsploitation' subgenre. It contains strong scenes of graphic violence relating to demonic possession and is among few films containing original hardcore pornography that already passed Italian censorship in 1979 and were projected in some Italian cinemas. It includes explicit lesbianic depictions of digital penetration and cunnilingus.
Plot
Behind the walls of a secluded convent, the nuns commit sexual acts at night with each other, while living in fear that their Mother Superior may learn of their transgressions.
One day, an injured man appears at the convent and the sisters take him in. One by one, the nuns become attracted to the man and take turns visiting his room at night. Unbeknownst to them, Satan has also entered the convent and is turning the nuns into horny sinners.
Finally, an exorcist is sent to the convent to drive out Satan and restore godliness to the monastery's lustful inhabitants.
Cast
Credited:
Paola Senatore: Isabella
Marina Hedman: suor Marta
Paola Maiolini: suor Consolata
Angelo Arquilla: Lieutenant Guido Bencio
Aïché Nana: Sister Angela, the Mother Superior
Maria Rosaria Riuzzi: Sister Giulia
Giovanna Mainardi: Sister Veronica
Ferrucio Fregonese: Cardinal Del Lario
Plard Sylviane Anne Marie
Pietro Zardini: Cesco, the gardener
Brunello Chiodetti: Don Ascanio, Isabella's uncle
Donald O'Brien: Father Arnoldo, the exorcist
Uncredited:
Giuseppe Curia: one of the two bandits who rape Sister Marta
Sisto Brunetti: the other bandit
Production
The film's working title was La casa del dio sconosciuto (literal translation: "The house of the unknown god").
The initial cast as officially deposited was Gloria Guida as Isabella and Gabriele Tinti as Guido Bencio, Paola Arduini as Sister Lucrezia and Anna Maria Romoli as Sister Marta.
Literary and cinematic influences
On the pages preceding the copy of the script deposited at the Ministerio Dello Spettacolo on February 24, 1979, it says that the film is "very loosely inspired by Prosper Mérimée's La Vénus d'Ille before quoting Blaise Pascal's saying, "The last function of reason is to recognize that there are an infinity of things which surpass it".
The main cinematic influence was Walerian Borowczyk's Interno di un convento (1977; literally: Interior of a Convent; English title: Behind Convent Walls), which claimed to be influenced by Stendhal's Promenades romaines just as Immagini di un convento claims to be inspired by La Religieuse by Denis Diderot. However, the only parallels between the film and Diderot's novel are the general immorality of the clergy, the arrival of an aristocratic novice without vocation at a convent, and the wounded officer.
Release
Theatrical
The film was released in Italy on August 7, 1979, and was screened in 4 cities (including Turin and Milan) with a total of 14.307 spectators in the first year.
In France, the film was released theatrically in February 1981 under the title Les amours interdites d'une religieuse.
Home video
In Italy, the film was released on VHS in its soft version by Avo, Vega Video, and New Video, and in a hard version by Shendene & Moizzi, which however lacks the introductory part with Paola Senatore and Brunello Chiodetti.
In the Netherlands, the Italian version was published under the title Intieme Kloosterbeelden by VFP (Video for Pleasure). In Greece, the hard version was published on VHS in Italian with Greek subtitles with a few cuts, among them the sequence with Senatore and Chiodetti.
In the United States, the film was released on June 14, 2005, as Images in a Convent on DVD by Media Blasters in its hard version from which three minutes of Marina Ambrosini's scene of diabolical possession were cut. It contains the film only in its Italian dub with non-removable yellow English subtitles.
Film connections
In 1986, D'Amato directed another nunsploitation film, Convent of Sinners.
Reception
When he first saw the film at the red light cinema "Il Filodrammatico" in Trieste, film critic Marco Giusti remembers being impressed, also because he did not expect real penetrations; "after all, it was about nuns...".
References
Bibliography
External links
Images in a Convent at Variety Distribution
1979 films
1970s Italian-language films
Films directed by Joe D'Amato
Nunsploitation films
Italian sexploitation films
Italian pornographic films
1970s erotic films
Films set in Italy
Films scored by Nico Fidenco
1970s Italian films
The American Freedom Campaign is an organization that has as its goal to put restoration of the Constitution on the agenda for Democratic presidential candidates, roughly parallel to the goal of the American Freedom Agenda for Republican candidates, although Democratic and Republican candidates could sign on to both pledges. It was launched in July 2007 by the Center for Constitutional Rights, Human Rights Watch and MoveOn.
The group urges presidential candidates to sign its "American Freedom Pledge", which reads:
We are Americans, and in our America we do not torture, we do not imprison people without charge or legal recourse, allow our phones and emails to be tapped without a court order, and above all we do not give any President unchecked power. I pledge to fight to protect and defend the Constitution from assault by any President.
The Constitution protects American Freedom. With checks and balances, and basic legal rights, it has prevented tyranny and safeguarded our liberty.
I hereby join the American Freedom Campaign to educate my neighbors about the threat and urge my representatives to confront and correct these abuses of our America.
AFC was co-founded by Naomi Wolf, Wes Boyd and William Haseltine.
External links
Official site
United States political action committees
527 organizations
Liudas Gira (27 August 1884 in Vilnius – 1 July 1946 in Vilnius) was a Lithuanian poet, writer, and literary critic. His is noted for his early poetry, which resembles traditional Lithuanian folk songs. Gira was active in cultural and political life, gradually shifting towards communism in the 1930s. He supported the Soviet Union and helped to transform independent Lithuania into the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic. His son, Vytautas Sirijos Gira, is also a known poet and writer.
Biography
In 1905, Gira graduated from the Vilnius Theological Seminary, but was not ordained into priesthood. He was active in cultural and political life. Gira participated in the Great Seimas of Vilnius. He was one of the founders of the Lithuanian Populists' Union and one of the leaders of the Lithuanian Christian Democratic Party. In the aftermath of World War I, Gira joined the Lithuanian army, but was jailed by the Bolsheviks during the Lithuanian–Soviet War for six months. He briefly headed the Lithuanian intelligence and helped to discover and liquidate the attempted Polish coup d'état against the Lithuanian government in 1919. Later he worked as theater director (1922–1926) and as secretary of commission responsible for book publishing under the Ministry of Education (1926–1936).
In the 1930s his political views shifted to communism and he supported the occupation and annexation of Lithuania by the Soviet Union in June 1940. Elected to the People's Seimas, Gira was one of the 20-member delegation sent to petition the Soviet Union to accept the newly proclaimed Lithuanian SSR into the union. He served as Assistant Commissar of Education until occupation by Nazi Germany in June 1941. Gira fled to the Russian SFSR and joined the 16th Rifle Division. After the war he returned to Lithuania, became a full member of the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences and was recognized as the People's Poet.
Works
Poetry is most important of Gira's works. The early works borrowed from traditional Lithuanian folk songs of Dzūkija region. Because they resembled songs, several poems were set to music and became popular songs. These works idealize Lithuanian history and have features of romanticism. The poems also describe emotional, intimate experiences; they are melancholic and elegant. The early poems were published in several collections, including Dul dul dūdelė (1909), Žalioji pievelė (1911), Laukų dainos (1912), Tėvynės keliais (1912). Later works were influenced by symbolism and feature love and patriotism. Compilations from this period include Žiežirbos (1921), Žygio godos (1928), Šilko gijos (1928), Amžių žingsniai (1929). The last works were produced under the Soviet influence, reflected the official Soviet propaganda, and conformed to demands of Socialist realism. These poems rejoiced Lithuania's conversion into a soviet socialist republic, praised the Soviet Union, and described heroic Soviet struggle against Nazi Germany. They were published in Žalgirio Lietuva (1942), Smurtas ir ryžtas (1942), Tolimuos keliuos (1945). Gira also wrote several plays, including Kerštas (1910), Svečiai (1910), Paparčio žiedas (1928). These works borrowed plots from heroic episodes of the Lithuanian history and were influenced by Vincas Krėvė-Mickevičius, Vydūnas, and Stanisław Przybyszewski. Posthumously his works were published in five volumes in 1960–1963.
Gira began writing for periodicals in 1901. He wrote for and edited newspapers Vilniaus žinios (1905–06), Šviesa (1906), and Lietuvos ūkininkas (1907), literary almanac Švyturys (1911–12), first Lithuanian literary journal Vaivorykštė (1913–14), Literatūros naujienos (1938–39). He also translated poems by Alexander Pushkin, Mikhail Lermontov, Konstantin Balmont, Władysław Syrokomla, Heinrich Heine, Taras Shevchenko into the Lithuanian language. He also experimented in writing poetry in Polish, Russian, Belarusian languages. Gira compiled and published works by Lithuanian writers Antanas Strazdas, Lazdynų Pelėda, Ksaveras Sakalauskas-Vanagėlis, Pranas Vaičaitis, and Edmundas Steponaitis. He also compiled several anthologies of Lithuanian poetry, including Lietuva pavasarį, vasarą, rudenį ir žiemą (1911), Cit, paklausykit (1914), Aš deklamuoju! (1929), Mūsų tėvynė (1930).
References
External links
Four poems by Liudas Gira translated into English
1884 births
1946 deaths
20th-century poets
Writers from Vilnius
People from Vilensky Uyezd
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Lithuanian male poets
Lithuanian collaborators with the Soviet Union (1940–41)
Lithuanian Army officers
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Burials at Rasos Cemetery
Changara District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique. The principal town is
Luenha. The district is located in the south of the province, and borders with Chiuta District in the north, Moatize District in the east, Guro District of Manica Province in the south, Zimbabwe in the southwest, and with Cahora-Bassa District in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 156,738 as of 2007.
Geography
The district is located at the right bank of the Zambezi.
According to the Köppen climate classification, the climate of the district is tropical dry (BSw). The average rainfall in the district is unknown; the average annual rainfall in Tete, which is the closest meteorological station to the district, is .
Demographics
As of 2005, 51% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 29% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Cinyungwe. 72% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Luenha (three localities), Chioco (three localities), and Mavara (three localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 29,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long and includes a stretch of the national road EN103.
References
Districts in Tete Province
Facial width to height ratio (fWHR) is a measure derived from archaeological skull measurements. fWHR may be linked with adolescent testosterone, and has been proposed as: a predictor of aggression, cause of death by violence, and also with CEO success probability. While most studies have found some significance some have found little correlation.
fWHR has also been used in primate studies with similar findings.
Width is measured as upper bizygomatic width (the widest central bit of the face), height measurement used is upper facial height, from the top of the eyelids (approximately the nasion) to the top lip. This can cause experimental error when working from photographs in historical studies due to facial expressions.
References
Skull
Shwedaung Township is a township in Pyay District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Shwedaung.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Pyay District
The Venetian Province (, ) was the name of the territory of the former Republic of Venice ceded by the French First Republic to the Habsburg monarchy under the terms of the 1797 Treaty of Campo Formio that ended the War of the First Coalition. The province's capital was Venice.
In the course of the French Italian campaign of 1796, the Signoria of Venice under Doge Ludovico Manin had rejected an alliance with Napoleon, whereupon Bonaparte occupied the city on 14 May 1797, leading to the Fall of the Republic of Venice. In exchange for renouncing all rights to the Southern Netherlands and recognizing the French Cisalpine Republic, Emperor Francis II of Habsburg gained the conquered Venetian territory including the Dalmatian coast, except for the Ionian Islands.
Replacing the long lasting Republic of Venice, this new Province of Venice was incorporated as a separate part of the Austrian archduchy, where Francis took the additional title of "Duke of Venice". It was, however, not subject to the Holy Roman Empire. The province was directed by an Austrian governor, but continued to use former Venetian legislation and maintained its currency, the Venetian lira. The western border of the province was shifted in favour of the Cisalpine Republic by the 1801 Treaty of Lunéville, and drawn up along the thalweg of the lower Adige river.
Unlike the previous 1,100-year-old republic, the province did not have a long existence. After the Grande Armée had defeated the forces of the Austrian Empire at Austerlitz, Francis, as per the 1805 Treaty of Pressburg, had to cede the Venetian territory to the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy. In 1815, it was returned to Austria under the terms of the Final Act of the Congress of Vienna and became part of the crown land of Lombardy–Venetia.
References
Austrian Empire
History of Veneto
Italian states
States and territories established in 1797
States and territories disestablished in 1805
1797 establishments in the Habsburg Monarchy
1805 disestablishments in Italy
1805 disestablishments in the Habsburg Monarchy
Dr. Cholenahalli Nanjappa Manjunath (born 20 July 1957) is an Indian cardiologist and the director of the Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research. He is reported to have developed a new protocol in balloon mitral valvuloplasty and is credited with the performance of the highest number of such procedures using Accura balloon catheter in India.
The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2007, for his contributions to Indian medicine. He Inaugurated the 410th edition Of Mysuru Dasara on 17 October 2020 which is the Nadahabba (State festival) as a mark of honour for Corona warriors in the COVID-19 pandemic.
He is a recipient of the 1998 Rajyotsava Prashasti, the second highest civilian award of the Government of Karnataka.
Biography
Born to Chamaraje Gowda in the Hassan district of the south Indian state of Karnataka, Dr. Manjunath graduated in medicine from Mysore Medical College, secured his MD from the Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute and a DM in Cardiology from Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore. He started his career as an intern at Bangalore Medical College in 1982 and moved to Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore in 1985 as a senior registrar at the department of cardiology, staying there for three years. In 1988, he joined Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research as a member of faculty and worked there in various capacities such as Assistant Professor and the Professor of Cardiology till he was appointed as the director of the institution in 2006.
Dr. Manjunath is reported to have been the innovator of a new method of balloon mitral valvuloplasty. His researches have been published in several articles and scientific papers published in peer reviewed national and international journals; PubMed, an online repository of medical data has listed 73 of his articles. He is known to have performed over 26,000 interventional procedures and is credited with the highest number of balloon mitral valvuloplasties using Accura balloon catheter in India. He is associated with Mallige Medical Centre, Bangalore as a consultant and is a member of the Indian Medical Association. He has also served as the president of the Indian College of Cardiology. The Government of Karnataka awarded him the Rajyotsava Prashasti in 1998 and he received the fourth highest Indian civilian honoue of the Padma Shri in 2007. Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) honoured him in 2012 with the degree of Doctor of Science (Honoris causa).
Dr. Manjunath is married to the daughter of former Prime Minister of India, H. D. Deve Gowda and the family lives in Bengaluru. His life has been documented in a biography, Biography of a living legend.
See also
Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology
H. D. Deve Gowda
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
1957 births
People from Hassan district
Medical doctors from Karnataka
Recipients of the Rajyotsava Award 1998
Indian cardiologists
Interventional cardiology
Indian medical researchers
Indian medical academics
Indian medical writers
Living people
20th-century Indian medical doctors
Monyo Township is a township in Tharrawaddy District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Monyo.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Tharrawaddy District
David & Steve Gordon are a new-age and chill-out music recording duo.
Career
The Gordons' first album, Misty Forest Morning, was released in 1982, featuring mainly piano and acoustic guitars, with some synthesizer and sounds of nature they recorded in Sequoia National Forest, the location that was the inspiration for the name of their record label, Sequoia Records Their second album Peaceful Evening and several more albums in a similar style followed soon after, then in 1985 they branched out into electronic spacemusic with Astral Journey and Celestial Suite.
In 1987 they returned to nature-inspired music with Garden of Serenity, the first of several releases in their Inner Music series of albums that featured longer meditative compositions. (A sequel, Garden of Serenity II, followed in 1998.) The early 1990s saw another of their electronic spacemusic releases with Music of the Tarot.
Beginning in 1994 with Sacred Earth Drums, David & Steve Gordon branched out into world fusion music, adding African, Middle Eastern and Native American drums and percussion plus Native American flute and Incan pan pipes to the mix, along with acoustic and electric guitars, synthesizers, and continuing their use of sounds of nature as musical elements. The song titles and liner notes portrayed the story of a mythical shaman who journeys to the spirit world to find healing for his people and for the Earth. Sacred Earth Drums became the top-selling drumming album in the New Age market for both 1994 and 1995 and by 2002 had sold over 300,000 units. Following a sequel in 1996 titled Sacred Spirit Drums, their 1999 release Drum Medicine entered Billboard's Top New Age Albums chart in April, 2000, and also in 2000, received the Coalition of Visionary Retailers Record of the Year and Best World Album awards and the New Age Voice Native Heart Award and was listed in the top 5 albums of New Age specialty distributors for two years.
In 2006, the Gordon brothers released Soothing Sanctuary, ambient music with nature sounds, a re-version of the earlier release "Sanctuary" (so stated in the liner notes) with new arrangements and remastering. Also in 2006 came Shaman's Vision Journey, featuring shamanic drum beats and mantras in the languages of cultures from around the world, including Mayan, Sanskrit, Lakota and Tibetan chants. In 2007 and 2008, they released a pair of 25th anniversary retrospectives, Sound Peace, focusing on meditative selections, and Earth Drum, a collection of drums and native flute tracks packaged with a DVD of wilderness scenery from national parks around the USA set to the music of the compilation album. Earth Drum was awarded the 2009 Coalition of Visionary Retailers awards for Album of the Year and Best World Album.
David & Steve Gordon released two albums of world drum and percussion music in 2009, an upbeat recording titled Drum Cargo: Rhythms of Fire, and an album of quiet drum beats with crystal bowls and native flutes titled Meditation Drum, that according to the liner notes is intended to encourage meditation and relaxation. In 2010 they returned to Native American flute music with the album Gratitude.
Discography
Full-length albums
1982 – Misty Forest Morning
1982 – Peaceful Evening
1983 – Radiant Sea (out of print)
1984 – Beside the Laughing River (out of print)
1984 – Still Waters, Clear Sky (out of print)
1985 – Astral Journey (out of print)
1986 – Celestial Suite (out of print)
1986 – Lightspring (out of print)
1987 – Garden of Serenity
1988 – Oneness
1993 – Music of the Tarot
1994 – Sacred Earth Drums
1996 – Sacred Spirit Drums
1997 – Garden of Serenity II
1998 – Ancient Power (Steve Gordon and Deborah Martin)
1999 – Drum Medicine
2002 – Drum Prayer (Steve Gordon)
2002 – Sacred Drum Visions
2003 – Heart of Peace
2004 – Garden of Serenity III
2005 – Pillow Music
2006 – Soothing Sanctuary
2007 – Shaman's Vision Journey
2008 – Earth Drum – The 25th Anniversary Collection, Vol. 1
2008 – Yoga Planet
2009 – Drum Cargo – Rhythms of Fire
2009 – Sound Peace – The 25th Anniversary Collection, Vol. 2
2009 – Nirvana Groove
2009 – Meditation Drum
2010 – Gratitude
DVD
2008 – Earth Drum Visions
Compilations produced
2001 – Musical Healing
2004 – Cafe de Luna, Volumes 1 & 2, 2003–2004
2004 – World Groove Mix
2005 – Yoga Salon
2005 – Tropical Chill
2006 – Chakra Healing Zone
2006 – Perfect Balance
2006 – Yoga Moods
2006 - Chakra Healing Zone
2007 – Angels Voices
2007 – Hotel Tara, the Intimate Side of Buddha-Lounge, Volumes 1 & 2, 2005–2007
2008 – The Celtic Lounge, Volumes 1–3, 2006–2008
2008 – Buddha-Lounge, Volumes 1–7, 2001–2010
References
External links
Official artists' blog
Bio at Sequoia Records
New-age music groups
The 1952–53 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 14th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Gamlebyen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1952 in Norwegian sport
1953 in Norwegian sport
E+ or e+ may refer to:
A positron, which has the symbol .
An E augmented triad, a chord in music.
The Philippines competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Background
The Philippine Paralympic delegation was represented by 5 sportspeople in four sports. Table tennis player Josephine Medina was the delegation's flag bearer in the opening ceremony, for the second straight time.
The delegation included coaches, Ramond Debuque (powelifting), Joel Deriada (athletics), Louise Mark Eballa (table tennis), and Antonio Ong (swimming), with Dennis Esta as the Chef d' Mision and as well as the team doctor Raul Michael Cembrano. Philippine Sports Association of the Differently Abled President Michael Barredo and Secretary General Ral Rosario was also part of the Paralympic delegation.
Athletics
The Philippines qualified 1 athlete for athletics. Long jumper Andy Avellana, was also among the athletes reportedly to have qualified but was not part of the Philippine delegation in later reports because he was not able to get a wildcard slot.
Track
Swimming
The Philippines has qualified 1 athlete for Swimming.
Table tennis
The Philippines qualified 1 athlete for table tennis.
Women
Powerlifting
The Philippines qualified 2 athletes ( and ) for Powerlifting.
See also
Philippines at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Philippine sport
Cazuza's saki (Pithecia cazuzai) is a species of saki monkey, a type of New World monkey. It is endemic to northwestern Brazil.
Taxonomy
Populations in this species were formerly classified within the Rio Tapajós saki (P. irrorata), but a 2014 study found these populations to have a distinct pelage from any other species in the genus, and they were thus reclassified into their own species, P. cazuzai. The American Society of Mammalogists, IUCN Red List, and ITIS all follow this classification.
The species is named after renowned Brazilian primatologist Dr. José de Sousa e Silva Júnior, nicknamed "Cazuza".
Distribution
It is known only from a small region of northern Brazil in the state of Amazonas, where it is found south of the Solimões River on either side of the Juruá River at Fonte Boa and Uarini. More information may be needed to truly quantify the species' range.
Description
Both male and female Cazuza's sakis have a distinct pelage from any other Pithecia species. Unlike the white-faced saki (P. pithecia), male Cazuza's sakis are not silky black, but rather coarsely black with very lightly white-tipped fur, and also have a short, dark ruff. Their faces have a diffuse white ring that distinguishes them from all other species in the genus with white facial hairs. Although males share thick lip hairs with several other species such as the hairy (P. hirsuta) and golden-faced (P. chrysocephala) sakis, they have a different facial coloration from them. Female Cazuza's sakis have different faces from all other saki species in the region.
Status
This species is thought to be threatened by logging and poaching, as well as its small range, and thus its population is thought to be declining. They are sometimes also found in the pet trade. However, this species remains poorly-known and it is thus classified as data deficient on the IUCN Red List.
References
Cazuza's saki
Mammals of Brazil
Fauna of the Amazon
Endemic fauna of Brazil
Cazuza's saki
The Manchester Moss Side by-election of 7 November 1961 was held after the death of Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) James Watts on 7 July that year. The seat was retained by the Conservatives.
Candidates
The local Liberals selected 37-year-old solicitor Ruslyn Hargreaves. He was born in August 1923 and educated at William Hulme's Grammar School and Manchester University. He was formerly secretary of the National League of Young Liberals. He had been Liberal candidate for Howden at the 1959 general election. Max Mosley was an election agent for the Union Movement.
Results
References
Manchester Moss Side by-election
Manchester Moss Side by-election
Manchester Moss Side by-election
Moss Side
1960s in Manchester
Khatu Mal Jeewan is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan and member of the Senate of Pakistan.
Early life and education
He was born on 1 October 1956 in Umerkot, Sindh.
He is a doctor by profession and hold MBBS degree. He graduated from the Dow University of Health Sciences.
Political career
He began his political career after joining the student wing of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in the 1980s.
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh in 1988 Pakistani general election as a candidate of PPP on a minority seat.
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of PPP for the first time in 1990 Pakistani general election. He was disappeared during his tenure in 1991 and was forced to quit PPP.
He was elected to the National Assembly for the second time in 1993 Pakistani general election and for the third time in 1997 Pakistani general election. In 1998, he became federal Parliamentary Secretary for Population Welfare.
After PPP formed government following 2008 election, he was made advisor to Chief Minister of Sindh for Mines and Minerals Development Department in 2008.
He was elected to the Senate of Pakistan in 2009 as a candidate of PPP where he continued until his resignation in 2011.
He was re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan on a seat reserved for minorities as a candidate of PPP in 2011.
He is the only Hindu Dalit politician in Pakistan who elected as a public representative for seven times.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 1990–1993
Pakistani MNAs 1993–1996
Pakistani MNAs 1997–1999
Pakistani Hindus
1956 births
Dalit politicians
Thari people
Elena Fabianovna Gnesina (sometimes transcribed Gnessina) (Russian Елена Фабиановна Гнесина) (30 May 1874 – 4 June 1967) was a Soviet and Russian composer and music educator, a sister of the composer Mikhail Gnesin.
Gnesina was born in Rostov-on-Don to Rabbi Fabian Osipovich Gnesin (d. 1891) and his wife Bella Isaevna (née Fletzinger), who was a singer and pianist who had studied with Stanisław Moniuszko.
She studied piano at the Moscow Conservatory under Vasily Safonov. She also had lessons from Ferruccio Busoni and Sergei Taneev. She graduated in 1893. In 1895 she established, with her sisters Evgenia and Maria, a private music school in Moscow, which became in 1926 the Gnesin State Musical College. Her students included the pianist Lev Oborin and the composer Aram Khachaturian. Amongst the teachers at the school were Mikhail Gnesin and Alexander Gretchaninov. She remained a senior administrator of the college until her death.
Amongst her compositions are piano etudes and works for children, and textbooks on music.
Gnesina's apartment, at ul. Povarskaya 30/36, Moscow, is maintained as a memorial museum to her.
Gnesina received numerous state awards, including two Orders of Lenin, and recognition as an Honoured Artist of the RSFSR (1935). She died in Moscow in 1967 and is buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery.
References
Sources
Genova, Anna (2015). "Thee Sisters of the Great Gnessinka", on website of the Russkiy Mir Foundation, (accessed 30 June 2017).
Zarubin, V. I.(1979). "Gnesina, Elena Fabianova", in the Great Soviet Encyclopedia, 3rd edition. (accessed 30 June 2017)
1874 births
1967 deaths
Musicians from Rostov-on-Don
People from Don Host Oblast
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Russian Jews
Russian women composers
Russian music educators
Russian women classical composers
Russian classical composers
Jewish classical composers
Women music educators
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
Teulisna bipunctata is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Francis Walker in 1866. It is found on the Moluccas and in Papua New Guinea and Queensland, Australia.
Adults are brown with a dark mark on the hindwings. The inner margins of the hindwings are concave.
References
bipunctata
Moths described in 1866
Georgiyevka () is a rural locality (a village) in Starosharashlinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 36 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Georgiyevka is located 8 km northwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novye Sharashli is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The 1948–49 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the tenth season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Furuset IF won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1948–49 in Norwegian ice hockey
Transmat is the record label of techno musician Derrick May, founded in 1986. For years, the label "released the tracks that would fuel the techno boom". Artists included Rhythim Is Rhythim, James Pennington, Joey Beltram, and more.
Transmat includes the sub-label Fragile Records.
Detroit and its story have been told and like all legendary tales, those who have paid attention know more the average person tuning in.-- DJ Frankie Bones about Rhythim is Rhythim's "Nude Photo"
See also
List of record labels
1986 in music
References
External links
Transmat's discography on Discogs
American record labels
Record labels established in 1986
Techno record labels
History of Detroit
The 1940–41 Serie C was the sixth edition of Serie C, the third highest league in the Italian football league system.
Legend
Girone A
Girone B
Girone C
Girone D
Girone E
Girone F
Girone G
Girone H
Final rounds
Girone A
Girone B
Serie C seasons
3
Italy
Burnt Toast Vinyl is an independent record label based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
History
Burnt Toast Vinyl was founded by Scott Hatch, a Drexel University student who had initially been involved with concert promotion at the school. The label has released full albums from several prominent Philadelphia indie musicians, as well as releasing or re-releasing material on vinyl from artists, including those on the Tooth & Nail roster. Among its reissues are the debut album from Scaterd Few, re-released by Burnt Toast in 2015.
Several of Burnt Toast's post rock and experimental groups attracted notice from magazines such as Dusted and Prefix. Among the label's best-known releases are those by Denison Witmer, Unwed Sailor, and Saxon Shore.
Roster
All American Radio
Aspera
The Blamed
Bosque Brown
Byul.org
Circle of Birds
Early Day Miners
Efterklang
Emperor X
Ester Drang
Explosions in the Sky
Farquar Muckenfuss
Foxhole
The Huntingtons
In a Lonely Place
Isolation Years
Jetenderpaul
June Panic
Damien Jurado
The Magic Lantern
mewithoutYou
Mount Eerie
Movies With Heroes
Octane Blue
The Operation (formerly Sans Culottes)
Don Peris (of The Innocence Mission)
Psalters
Questions in Dialect
Ran Away to Sea
Reels of White Softly Flow
Saxon Shore
Scaterd Few
Scientific
The Six Parts Seven
Somerset
Soporus
Starflyer 59
Sufjan Stevens
The Trouble with Sweeney
Unwed Sailor
Denison Witmer
Woven Hand
Yndi Halda
Yume Bitsu
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
Official website
Culture of Philadelphia
Companies based in Philadelphia
American independent record labels
"I've Got a Life" is a song released by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was released as a single in 2005, in order to promote their second greatest hits compilation, Ultimate Collection. It was written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. It was the duo's final single to date, becoming their fourteenth UK Top 20 hit, and also topped the US Dance Chart.
Recording
The song was one of two newly recorded tracks included on Eurythmics' second greatest hits package Ultimate Collection, and the only one of the two released as a single (the other newly recorded track being the song "Was It Just Another Love Affair?"). The song is an electronic dance tune with uplifting lyrics of empowerment. Its music video featured Lennox and Stewart performing the song in front of many television screens showing scenes from videos spanning their Eurythmics career. Lennox also reprised her "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" image by performing the song in a man's suit (her hair was not shaved and colored orange, however). The music video for the song is directed by Matthew Rolston.
Track listings
UK CD 1
"I've Got a Life" – 4:08
"Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" (Steve Angello Remix) – 5:31
UK CD 2
"I've Got a Life" – 4:06
"I've Got a Life" (Sander Kleinenberg's You're It Mix) – 7:35
"Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" (Remastered) – 4:06
Video "I've Got a Life"
Personnel
Written-by – Lennox, Stewart
Producer – Stewart
Engineer, Programmed By – Ned Douglas
Mixed By – Scott Campbell
Art Direction, Design [Graphic Design] – Laurence Stevens
Photography by [Sleeve] – Michael Segal
Chart information
"I've Got a Life" returned Eurythmics to the Top 40 in the UK Singles Chart for the twenty-fourth time, peaking at number 14. The song was released as a digital download in the United States, although dance remixes were issued on vinyl to nightclub DJs. The track spent three weeks at number 1 on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart at the end of 2005 and reached number 31 on the US Adult Contemporary chart.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of Billboard Hot Dance Club Play number ones of 2005
References
2005 singles
Arista Records singles
Eurythmics songs
Music videos directed by Matthew Rolston
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
2005 songs
Sony BMG singles
The black-headed shrike-babbler (Pteruthius rufiventer) is a bird species traditionally placed with the Old World babblers in the family Timaliidae. However, it might be one of the few Eurasian vireos (Vireonidae).
It is found in an area that ranges from eastern Nepal to northwestern Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
black-headed shrike-babbler
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Yunnan
black-headed shrike-babbler
black-headed shrike-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
All Saints' Church in Bramham, West Yorkshire, England is an active Anglican parish church and Grade II* listed building in the Deanery of New Ainsty, the Archdeaconry of York and the Diocese of York. It is part of The Bramham Benefice, a group of four churches serving villages to the east of Wetherby in the LS23 postcode area. The current Priest in Charge is The Reverend Nicholas J. Morgan, MA.
History
The church originally dates from the 12th and 13th centuries; the earliest known parts were built around 1150. It was altered in the 19th and 20th centuries. The church contains various monuments to the Fox-Lane family of Bramham Park most notably George (1697-1773).
Architectural style
The church is built of magnesian limestone and has a pitched slate roof. The church has a tower to its western side with a spire atop. The tower has three offset stages, a round-headed window and clocks on the southern, northern and western face. The church has an ornate lychgate on the southern side of its boundaries.
See also
List of places of worship in the City of Leeds
Grade II* listed buildings in Leeds
Listed buildings in Bramham cum Oglethorpe
References
External links
All Saints' Church Bramham - A Church Near You
All Saints', Braham - The Bramham Benefice
Churches in Leeds
Listed buildings in Leeds
Anglican Diocese of Leeds
Church of England church buildings in West Yorkshire
Grade II* listed churches in West Yorkshire
On Thursday 16 September 1982 the Irish Republican and Revolutionary Socialist paramilitary organization the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) exploded a bomb hidden in a drainpipe along a balcony in Cullingtree Walk, Divis Tower, Belfast. The explosive device was detonated as a British Army patrol was attacked by a "stone-throwing mob" as they walked along a balcony at Cullingtree Walk. The blast killed three people, a British Army soldier named Kevin Waller (20), and two Catholic civilian passers-by, both of whom were children, they were Stephen Bennet (14) and Kevin Valliday (12). Four other people were injured in the explosion, including another British soldier and three civilians. An INLA member detonated the bomb using a remote control from ground level, where they couldn't see who was on the balcony.
There was anger from the Irish Nationalist community directed towards the INLA over the deaths of the two young civilians.
1982 was the INLA's most active year of The Troubles and they killed more British security forces in 1982 than in any other year of the conflict. In December 1982 they carried out the Droppin Well bombing which killed 17 people including 11 off-duty British soldiers, making it the group's deadliest attack against the British Army.
INLA Volunteer Martin McElkerney was sentenced to life for the Divis bombing in 1987, but he was released in 1999 under the Good Friday Agreement. In May 2019 McElkerney was found shot, with a handgun nearby, after making a number of concerning phone calls. He later died in hospital.
See also
Central Bar bombing
Darkley killings
Droppin Well bombing
Timeline of Irish National Liberation Army actions
Sources
Jack Holland, Henry McDonald (1994) INLA – Deadly Divisions
CAIN project
References
Massacres in Northern Ireland
1982 in Northern Ireland
Improvised explosive device bombings in 1982
The Troubles in Belfast
20th century in County Antrim
Conflicts in 1982
Irish National Liberation Army actions
September 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Improvised explosive device bombings in Northern Ireland
Military actions and engagements during the Troubles (Northern Ireland)
1980s murders in Northern Ireland
1982 murders in the United Kingdom
Céleste Alkan (born Céleste Morhange, after marriage Céleste Marix) (25 February 1812 – 25 December 1897), was a French musician, the sister of the pianist and composer Charles-Valentin Alkan and the music professor Napoléon Alkan.
Life
She was born Céleste Morhange in Paris on 25 February 1812 to Jewish parents, Alkan Morhange and his wife Julie (née Abraham).
From 1819 until 1832 she was a student at the Paris Conservatoire under the name Céleste Alkan, where she studied solfége (gaining first prize in 1823), singing and basso continuo. In 1828 she was a class-mate at the Conservatoire of Cornélie Falcon, who became her friend. She left the Conservatoire in 1832 as a consequence of absence and illness.
On September 14, 1837 Céleste married a cousin, Mayer Marix, a dealer in musical instruments, and the inventor of a portable organ, the "harmoniflûte". Their daughter, Marie Marix, was a singer who participated in C.-V. Alkan's series of Petits concerts in Paris in the 1870s. Their second daughter, Albertine, was the mother of the artist .
Céleste Alkan is buried in Montmartre Cemetery in the same grave as her brother Charles-Valentin.
References
Notes
Sources
François-Sappey, Brigitte (ed.) (1991). Charles Valentin Alkan. Paris: Fayard.
François-Sappey, Brigitte and François Luguenot (2013). Charles-Valentin Alkan. Paris: Bleu Nuit.
Smith, Ronald (2000). Alkan: The Man, The Music. London: Kahn and Averill.
Waterhouse, William (1993). The New Langwill Index: A Dictionary of Musical Wind-Instrument Makers and Inventors, London: Bingham.
1814 births
1897 deaths
Musicians from Paris
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
Burials at Montmartre Cemetery
19th-century French musicians
Jewish women musicians
19th-century French women musicians
French Ashkenazi Jews
John Higgins (15 October 1932 – 22 April 2005) was an English professional footballer who played mainly in central defence. Born in Bakewell, Higgins was brought up in Buxton, Derbyshire, and began his football career with local club Buxton. He later played for Bolton Wanderers in the Football League between 1952 and 1961. He played in Bolton's 2–0 win over Manchester United in the 1958 FA Cup Final. In 1961, he joined Wigan Athletic, and went on to play 77 Cheshire League games in two seasons at the club. He then spent two seasons with fellow Cheshire League club Altrincham.
References
External links
John Higgins, Neil Brown
Bolton Revisited article
Buxton Advertiser article
1932 births
2005 deaths
People from Bakewell
English footballers
Association football central defenders
Buxton F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Altrincham F.C. players
English Football League players
FA Cup Final players
Philippe Hecquet (11 February 1661 – 11 April 1737) was a French physician and vegetarianism activist.
Biography
Hecquet obtained his M.D. from Reims in 1684. In 1688, he moved to Port-Royal-des-Champs, where he succeeded Jean Hamon, as physician. He spent much time helping the poor. In 1697, he became Doctor at University of Paris and received the official hat after an examination of "rare success". The Faculty named him Docteur-Régent and he was appointed as Professor of Materia Medica. In 1712, he was named Dean of the Faculty.
Hecquet was an ascetic, Cartesian mechanist and vegetarian. He was influenced by Porphyry. Hecquet was concerned with health from a diet perspective and campaigned against the consumption of meat, stating it interfered with digestion and circulation of the blood. Hecquet noted how the rich often consumed much expensive meat, spicy sauces and strong wine which was bad for health. He argued that such a diet was difficult for the body to digest and impaired the elasticity of the fluid-bearing organs. He stated that if flesh was to be eaten it should only be fish. He believed that fruits, grains, nuts and seeds should replace meat. Hecquet was a Jansenist Catholic and promoted a "theological medicine". He argued that the Garden of Eden depicted a vegetarian regime.
Hecquet argued that all physiological processes could be reduced to simple mechanisms. He developed a digestive theory of "trituration" which emphasized the grinding action of mastication and peristalsis of muscle walls of the stomach. Hecquet believed fish and vegetables are superior to meat because their composition is easily broken down by trituration.
Hecquet has been described as "one of the first systematic proponents of vegetarianism". Historian Ken Albala credits Hecquet for making the first scientific defense of a vegetarian diet.
Selected publications
Traité de dispenses du Careme (1710)
La Médecine, la Chirurgie, et la Pharmacie des Pauvres (1740-1742)
La Brigandage de la Médecine (1755)
See also
History of vegetarianism
References
1661 births
1737 deaths
18th-century French physicians
French vegetarianism activists
Jansenists
People from Abbeville
University of Paris alumni
Cello Sonatas No. 1 and No. 2, Op. 5, are two sonatas for cello and piano written by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1796, while he was in Berlin. While there, Beethoven met the King of Prussia Friedrich Wilhelm II, an ardent music-lover and keen cellist. Although the sonatas are dedicated to Friedrich Wilhelm II, Ferdinand Ries tells us that Beethoven "played several times at the court, where he also played the two cello sonatas, opus 5, composed for Duport (the King's first cellist) and himself". Although Jean-Pierre Duport was one of the King's teachers, it is now thought to have been his brother Jean-Louis Duport who had the honor of premiering these sonatas.
In the early 19th century, sonatas for piano and instrument were usually advertised as piano sonatas with instrumental accompaniment. Beethoven's first violin sonatas, for instance, were published as "sonatas for piano with accompaniment by the violin." The cello sonata was especially so plagued, as it grew out of sonatas for continuo; as late as the beginning of the 19th century it was still common for the cello in cello sonatas to double the left hand of the piano part, with the piano right hand playing obbligato figurations and melodies. Beethoven, indeed, is credited with composing one of the first cello sonatas with a written-out piano part.The Op. 5 sonatas are the first two examples of fully developed cello sonatas in the modern tradition. There is no precedent for these sonatas: it is the first time in music history the cello is not used simply as a continuo instrument in a sonata.
Both of these sonatas are in two movements, with an extended Adagio introduction preceding the opening Allegro of both of them. The movements are entitled as follows:
Sonata No. 1 in F major, Op. 5, No. 1
Adagio sostenuto – Allegro
Rondo. Allegro vivace
Performance of this piece takes approximately 25 minutes.
Sonata No. 2 in G minor, Op. 5, No. 2
Adagio sostenuto e espressivo – Allegro molto più tosto presto (ends in major).
Rondo. Allegro (in G major)
Performance of this piece takes approximately 25 minutes.
Adagio sostenuto e espressivo – Allegro molto più tosto presto
The first movement, marked Adagio sostenuto ed espressivo, begins with a G minor chord and the piano descending in a dotted scalar pattern. The cello starts a melodic theme in measure five, and the piano modulates to Eb major in measure seven. The two instruments are in canon in measure 10. The developmental section of the movement utilizes the same dotted rhythm from the first measure, passing through several keys: Eb major, C minor, Eb minor, and Bb minor. A restatement of an earlier theme is heard in Ab major. The long periods of silence that end the movement resemble the silences present in Beethoven's third symphony (Eroica).
The Allegro molto più tosto presto at 509 measures is one of the longest of early Beethoven allegro movements. The first note of the Allegro acts also as the resolution of the Adagio movement. The cello and piano present the rising theme in equal parts. Flowing triplets in the piano push much of the movement forwards. The two instruments imitate each other going into a transitional theme in Bb major at measure 70, with the formal secondary theme beginning in measure 106. The closing material of the exposition pulls towards C minor due to the presence of B natural before ending in Bb major.
The development begins with a varied theme on the closing material of the exposition. The keys of C minor, Bb major, Ab major, and D minor are explored. In measure 264, a new theme is introduced in the development, foreshadowing the compositional structure of the first movement Eroica. A shorter version of the first theme is heard in the recapitulation, cut short by a sudden modulation to Eb major, before the secondary material, once in Bb major, is now in the home key of G minor. Like after the exposition, a repeat sign is marked at the end of the development and recapitulation. Performers disagree on whether or not to take this repeat: pointing out the massive size of the movement as a reason not to take the repeat. This argument is refuted by the lack of evidence supporting Beethoven's writing of an intentless repeat sign.
The coda begins in measure 436. The material comes from the opening theme of the movement, and it is first in C minor and Ab major before returning to G minor. The cello sustains a G with low triplets in the piano interrupting. The movement ends definitively in G major.
Rondo. Allegro (in G major)
Beethoven's compositional choice of a rondo finale comes from the Classical sonata form. The music begins in the piano, and the cello enters on a playful counter-melody in measure twelve, and the two instruments pass arpeggiated and scalar figures back and forth. A more melodic section in D major begins in measure 33, and the fast paced music passes through A major and E major before returning to G.
The middle section of the Rondo is in the subdominant key of C major which foreshadows the finale of the fourth piano concerto both harmonically and linearly. A new theme is presented in the piano over 32nd notes in the cello. The first theme is heard briefly in the “wrong” key, suggesting a false return, before the piano's arpeggios bring the music back to G major, and the material from the opening of the movement is heard in the home key. The coda introduces a rhythmically modified version of the original theme and eventually modulates to Eb major. There is a pause in the energy in measure 278 as the cello and piano exchange simple phrases, and the piano varies a three note pattern. The cello plays a series of sixteenth notes octaves as the piano has 32nd scalar runs to end the movement.
Domenico Dragonetti
The double bassist Domenico Dragonetti performed the Second Cello Sonata accompanied by Beethoven himself. He shocked the composer with the virtuosity of his playing. From that day on, "Beethoven ceased to regard the double-bass as an instrument to be coddled with simplifications of the 'cello part”. The difficult double bass parts in Beethoven's symphonies reflect his interaction with Dragonetti and show Beethoven's new respect for the instrument.
See also
List of compositions by Ludwig van Beethoven
References
External links
Performance of Cello Sonata No. 1 by Efe Baltacigil (cello) and Anna Polonsky (piano) from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in MP3 format
Cello Sonata 1,2
1796 compositions
Compositions in F major
Compositions in G minor
Music dedicated to nobility or royalty
Kanmani Unakkaga is a 1999 Tamil-language film, directed by the duo Ravi-Raja. The film stars Ishaq Hussaini and Suvaluxmi, while Senthil and Jennifer portrayed supporting roles. The music for the film was composed by Pradeep Raviand the film opened to positive reviews in November 1999.
Cast
Ishaq Hussaini as Rishi
Suvaluxmi as Sudha
Anandaraj as Pratap
Mansoor Ali Khan as Karan
Senthil as Kandha
Baby Jennifer as Kanmani
Ponnambalam
Vadivukkarasi
Loose Mohan
Vichithra
Production
Ishaq Hussaini appeared in a series of films in the late 1990s and early 2000s, often scripting and producing his own films. After getting an average response to Jayam (1999), he reunited with the same director duo, Ravi-Raja, to make the family drama film, Kanmani Unakkaga.
Release
The film was censored with a UA certificate, with two cuts. Critic Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "Beginning the film with a bang is appreciable but the challenge lies in keeping the interest of the viewer sustained - and when scenes are protracted beyond a point they could tire the audience. Kanmani Unakkaga does." A critic from ChennaiOnline.com wrote "The script loses direction in the second half. A lot of sentiment is thrown in, too many villains crop up, and somewhere along the way the audience loses interest."
Soundtrack
Music was composed by Pradeep Ravi.
"Chinna Ponnu"
"En Swasa Kaatre"
"Née Mazhalai"
"Vazhiyae Oru"
"Ya Ya Pakkam Vaya"
References
1999 films
1990s Tamil-language films
The name Lizars is best known as a family of artists and engravers of Scottish origin:
Daniel Lizars Sr. (1754–1812), engraver and editor, father of:
John Lizars (c.1787–1860), Professor of Surgery at the Royal College of Surgeons,
William Home Lizars (1788–1859), engraver, artist, and editor
Daniel Lizars (1793–1875), his son, engraver and editor.
The Palau fantail (Rhipidura lepida) is a species of bird in the fantail family Rhipiduridae. It is endemic to Palau.
Taxonomy and systematics
The species is closely related to and forms a superspecies with the long-tailed fantail of the Tanimbar Islands, the Sulawesi fantail of Sulawesi, the tawny-backed fantail of Buru and the streak-breasted fantail of Seram, all in Indonesia. The specific name, lepida, was given to the species when it was described by Hartlaub and Finsch in 1868, and is Latin, lepidus for charming.
Description
The Palau fantail is a typical fantail, short-bodied and long-tailed, measuring . The , , back and upper tail are cinnamon. The throat and are white and the breast is black, the wings are black edged with cinnamon, and the belly is white. The tail is black tipped with rufous. The sexes are the same in plumage but the females are slightly smaller. Juveniles have brown upperparts, and dingy white throats.
Habitat and distribution
The Palau fantail is endemic to Palau in the Pacific Ocean, where it can be found on Babeldaob (the largest island), Koror, Urukthapel, Eil Malk and Peleliu. The species is found in forests, including mature primary forests, secondary growth and forest patches in ravines in savannah. It will occasionally enter scrub and is found, albeit infrequently, in mangrove forests. The species is non-migratory.
Behaviour
The Palau fantail is an active feeder, hopping and flying while searching for prey, which can be caught in the air from or gleaned from vegetation. It moves through the subcanopy and undergrowth of the forest, occasionally, taking prey from tree trunks and rocks.
Very little is known about its breeding behaviour. Its nest is a tightly woven cup with a trailing tail set in a fork in a branch.
Status and conservation
The Palau fantail is not considered to be threatened with extinction. It is a restricted range species, being only found in Palau, but can be common within its range, and is thought to have increased in numbers since the 1930-1940s. It is one of the more common forest birds in Palau, and is listed as least concern by the IUCN.
References
Rhipidura
Birds of Palau
Endemic fauna of Palau
Birds described in 1868
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Brown Field Municipal Airport is in the Otay Mesa neighborhood of San Diego, California, United States, southeast of Downtown San Diego and named in honor of Commander Melville S. Brown, USN, who was killed in an airplane crash in 1936. Its main runway is long.
Its FAA/IATA airport code is SDM. Formerly Naval Auxiliary Air Station Brown Field, it is now a civilian reliever airport and a port of entry from Mexico. It is sometimes staffed by the U.S. Customs Service, but only upon request of incoming pilots to the Federal Aviation Administration.
History
Brown Field is 1.5 miles north of the US/Mexico border in the Otay Mesa Community of the City of San Diego. The airport, originally named East Field in honor of Army Major Whitten J. East, opened in 1918 when the U.S. Army established an aerial gunnery and aerobatics school to relieve congestion at North Island. Major East completed flight training at the Army Signal Corps Station, Rockwell Field on North Island before flying over the front lines in France during World War I. He was killed in an auto accident in 1918 while in command of Mitchel Field in New York at the age of 25. From 1918 to 1919, pilots flying the Curtiss JN-4D Jenny trained at East Field. After World War I the military maintained control of East Field for touch and go landings and radio controlled target drone experiments.
In 1943, the U.S. Navy took over the airfield and changed the name to NAAS Otay Mesa; later that year the name was changed again to NAAS Brown Field in honor of Commander Melville S. Brown, USN, who was killed in the crash of F2F-1, BuNo 9660 near Descanso, CA on 2 November 1936. CDR Brown was the Commanding Officer of the USS Truxtun (DD-229) when the ship was commissioned in 1921, and was Executive Officer of the aircraft carrier USS Lexington (CV-2) at the time of his death. Between 1943 and 1946, the U.S. Army Air Forces, the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Marine Corps used NAAS Brown Field for training in various aircraft, including the USAAF Lockheed P-38 Lightning, and the USN and USMC Grumman F4F Wildcat/General Motors FM-1 Wildcat, Grumman TBF/TBM Avenger, Grumman F6F Hellcat, and Consolidated PB4Y-2 Privateer.
In 1946, the Navy decommissioned NAAS Brown Field and turned it over to San Diego County. The county ended up renting portions of the former base for use as a chicken farm and Chula Vista High School was established on the airport property in 1946.
In 1951, the Navy reopened the airfield as NALF Brown Field, a naval auxiliary landing field, due to increased military activity stemming from the Korean War and the Cold War. In 1954, Brown Field was again commissioned and redesignated as a Naval Auxiliary Air Station, with facilities to support regular operations of Fleet aircraft, assigned missile programs, and field carrier landing practice. In 1955, NAAS Brown Field was home to one utility squadron (VU), two air antisubmarine warfare squadrons (VS), a fleet aircraft service squadron (FASRON), and a Regulus air missile unit. The following year, the base was home to two utility squadrons, VU-3 and VU-7, the headquarters for Commander, Utility Wing Pacific (COMUTWINGPAC), a FASRON 4 detachment, and a ground control approach unit. Aircraft that operated at NAAS Brown Field included the F6F Hellcat, F9F Cougar, SNB, R4D Skytrain, JD-1 Invader, P2V Neptune, and FJ Fury. On November 2, 1954, the Convair XFY-1 Pogo made a transitional flight from vertical takeoff to horizontal flight, then back to a vertical landing at NAAS Brown Field. In 1957, NAAS Brown Field was selected as a site for one of the Vanguard Earth Satellite Tracking Stations.
On September 1, 1962, the Navy decommissioned NAAS Brown Field again and transferred ownership of Brown Field to the City of San Diego with the condition that it remain a public airport. During the mid to late 1960s, Pacific Southwest Airlines, an airline based in San Diego, trained its pilots at Brown Field using Piper Arrows, Comanches, Aztecs, and Beechcraft Bonanzas. PSA also had a contract to train Lufthansa pilots at Brown Field. In 1970, Lufthansa training moved to Phoenix, Arizona, where it remains today.
Brown field is regularly visited by a Boeing 727 of IFL Group and other large private jets, mainly for customs, along with C-130s and F/A-18s of the USN, mainly due to the relatively long runway.
Neighboring facilities
Tijuana Airport, an airline airport, is just over to the south across the Mexico–United States border, with a similar length and a slightly different runway orientation (09 / 27).
Terrain
A precision approach is not possible to either runway end due to rising terrain (elevation 3,600 feet) less than six miles (10 km) east of the airport. There have been several crashes due to pilots not maintaining sufficient altitude over these mountains (often flying VFR at night).
Climate
The area around Brown Field Municipal Airport has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate (Csb) with warm summers and cool winters.
Incidents and accidents
On March 16, 1991, seven members of Reba McEntire's band and her road manager were among 10 people who died in the crash of a plane that departed from Brown Field. The aircraft hit Otay Mountain northeast of the airport.
On August 16, 2015, five people were killed when a twin-engine North American Sabreliner jet and a single-engine Cessna 172 Skyhawk collided midair about two miles northeast of Brown Field. The Cessna's pilot was performing touch-and-go-landings when the aircraft clipped wings above Otay Mesa, located just north of the U.S.-Mexico border. Both planes caught fire when they hit the ground and broke apart. Pieces of the fiery wreckage fell about a quarter-mile from each other and sparked fires in the remote, brushy area, east of state Route 125. The Sabreliner was carrying four people and was registered to military contractor BAE Systems, whose employees were aboard the aircraft. The pilot of the Cessna was on a cross-country trip.
See also
Air/Space America 88
Notes
References
City of San Diego: Brown Field
External links
Airports in San Diego
Closed installations of the United States Navy
Simonas Urbys (born 7 November 1995) is a Lithuanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
From December 2018 until July 2019, he was a member of FK Žalgiris.
In summer 2019, he became a member of FK Kauno Žalgiris.
International career
Urbys made his professional debut for the Lithuania national football team in a 2–0 2018 Baltic Cup loss to Estonia on 30 May 2018.
References
External links
Lietuvos Futbolas Profile
Palanga profile
1995 births
Living people
People from Gargždai
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
A Lyga players
FK Banga Gargždai players
FK Ekranas players
FK Palanga players
FK Atlantas players
FK Žalgiris players
FK Kauno Žalgiris players
Association football midfielders
Petr Štercl (born October 20, 1966 in Kroměříž) is a Czechoslovak-Czech slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s partnering his twin brother Pavel in the C2 boat throughout his career.
Together they won four medals in the C2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with two golds (1993, 1995) and two silvers (1991, 1997). They also have a gold medal from the same event from the 1998 European Championships in Roudnice nad Labem.
Štercl finished sixth in the C2 event for Czechoslovakia at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. Four years later in Atlanta, he finished sixth in the C2 event for the Czech Republic.
World Cup individual podiums
References
1966 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Czech male canoeists
Czechoslovak male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Czechoslovakia
Olympic canoeists of the Czech Republic
People from Kroměříž
Twin people from the Czech Republic
Twin sportspeople
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Sportspeople from the Zlín Region
Main Frame Software Communications (also known as Main Frame India) is an Indian dubbing studio group in India, with their main studio located in Sitadevi, Temple Road of Mumbai. Both live and animated television series and films have been dubbed in Hindi and regional languages such as Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Gujarati, Punjabi and certain other languages, but also in English as well.
Founded in 2000, by Eliza Lewis during her tenure at UTV, she had the opportunity to work on building onto the entire dubbing studio division of UTV and begun to dub project works for Discovery, Walt Disney, Nickelodeon, Warner Bros. and 20th Century Fox associated with this studio are highly experienced personnel in their area of expertise. They have also been involved in original animation casting and voice directions of several productions created in India.
This dubbing studio was responsible for dubbing all the Harry Potter films in Hindi. The firm who were working at UTV did some of the earliest dubbing in Hindi, starting with the film Disney's Aladdin and Baby's Day Out, before this company was found and started dubbing on its own route.
Dubbing work
Live action films
A list of all the Live Action films that the company has dubbed.
Animated films
A list of all the Animated films that the company has dubbed.
Television animation
A list of all the animated television programs that this studio has dubbed.
Live action television
A list of all the live action television programs that this studio has dubbed.
List of voice actors
This is a list of voice actors that are currently employed for this dubbing studio and/or have contributed to films being dubbed by this studio, and the language that they use. Both Male artists and Female voice actors are listed.
Male voice actors
Female voice actresses
See also
Eliza Lewis
Dubbing (filmmaking)
List of Indian dubbing artists
References
External links
Official Website
Official Website
Entertainment companies of India
Indian dubbing studios
Companies established in 2000
Companies based in Mumbai
Entertainment companies established in 2000
Software companies established in 2000
2000 establishments in Maharashtra
The governing body of certain islands is the island council. The body exists in the following regions:
the 24 local councils of Kiribati: Subdivisions of Kiribati
the 4 (-1983), 5 (1983–2010) or 6 (1983–1986) island areas of the former Netherlands Antilles: Island council (Netherlands Antilles)
the 3 special municipalities of the Netherlands in the Caribbean Netherlands (2010-): Island council (Netherlands)
the Pitcairn Islands: Island Council (Pitcairn)
Tristan da Cunha: Tristan da Cunha Island Council
See also
Ascension Island Council
King Island Council
Islands council areas of Scotland
Council of Rotuma
Chatham Islands Council
Nevis Island Assembly
Tobago House of Assembly
Autonomous Region of Príncipe
Rodrigues Regional Assembly
Regional Government of Príncipe
Parliament of Åland
Cabildo insular (Canary Islands)
Consejo Insular (Balearic Islands)
Ashur ( ʾAššūr) was the second son of Shem, the son of Noah. Ashur's brothers were Elam, Arphaxad, Lud, and Aram.
Prior to the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls, there was contention in academic circles regarding whether Ashur or Nimrod built the Assyrian cities of Nineveh, Resen, Rehoboth-Ir and Calah, since the name Ashur can refer to both the person and the country (compare AV and ESV). Sir Walter Raleigh devoted several pages in his History of the World (c. 1616) to reciting past scholarship regarding the question of whether it had been Nimrod or Ashur who built the cities in Assyria. Both the JPS Tanakh 1917 and the 1611 King James Bible clarify the language of the Septuagint and Vulgate translations of Genesis 10:11-12, by explicitly crediting Ashur as the founder of the cities of Nineveh, Rehoboth, Calah, and Resen.
The Ge'ez version of the Book of Jubilees, affirmed by the 15 Jubilees scrolls found amongst the Dead Sea Scrolls, affirms that the contested lands in Genesis 10:8–12 were apportioned to Ashur. Jubilees 9:3 states, "And for Ashur came forth the second Portion, all the land of Ashur and Nineveh and Shinar and to the border of India, and it ascends and skirts the river." The 1st century Judaeo-Roman historian Flavius Josephus also gives the following statement: "Ashur lived at the city of Nineveh; and named his subjects Assyrians, who became the most fortunate nation, beyond others" (Antiquities, i, vi, 4).
Ashur had three sons called Fares, Mirus and Mokil.
See also
Ashuri
Assyrian people
References
Book of Genesis people
Noach (parashah)
Shem
Book of Jubilees
Intimidation Games (2019) was a professional wrestling supercard event produced by Major League Wrestling (MLW), which took place on March 2, 2019 at the Cicero Stadium in Cicero, Illinois. The event aired live on television as a special episode of Fusion on beIN Sports. It was the second event under the Intimidation Games chronology.
Fourteen matches were contested at the event, with two matches airing live. The main event of the live broadcast was a steel cage match, in which Tom Lawlor retained the MLW World Heavyweight Championship against Low Ki. The undercard featured a lucha libre tag team match between The Lucha Brothers (Pentagon Jr. and Rey Fenix) and Team AAA (Laredo Kid and Taurus). The event also featured the television debut of Contra Unit and marked the beginning of the lengthy rivalry between Tom Lawlor and Contra Unit.
Production
Background
On November 7, 2018, MLW.com announced that MLW would hold an event in Chicago on March 2, 2019 titled Intimidation Games, which was first held as a television taping for Fusion on May 3, 2018. After the SuperFight event in February 2019, MLW announced that it would produce Intimidation Games as a live televised special episode of Fusion on beIN Sports on March 2.
Storylines
The card consisted of matches that resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches, with results predetermined by MLW's writers. Storylines were played out on MLW's television program Fusion.
At SuperFight, Tom Lawlor cashed in his Battle Riot opportunity to defeat Low Ki to win the MLW World Heavyweight Championship. On February 13, MLW.com reported that Low Ki's manager Salina de la Renta had invoked a rematch clause for Low Ki at Intimidation Games, where Lawlor would defend the title against Low Ki in a steel cage match.
At SuperFight, Lucha Brothers lost the MLW World Tag Team Championship to The Hart Foundation. On February 11, MLW.com announced that Lucha Brothers would be facing Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide representatives Laredo Kid and Taurus in a lucha libre tag team match at Intimidation Games.
Event
The first match was a lucha libre tag team match between The Lucha Brothers (Pentagon Jr. and Rey Fenix) and Team AAA (Laredo Kid and Taurus). Pentagon and Fenix superkicked Taurus and then nailed a springboard package piledriver on Laredo for the win.
Next was the main event steel cage match, in which Tom Lawlor defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Low Ki. Near the climax of the match, both men fought on the cage top and tried to escape the cage and traded punches and kicks until both of them fell to the floor but Lawlor's feet touched first and he was declared as the winner. After the match, Lawlor's former teammate Simon Gotch attacked him and the debuting Jacob Fatu and Josef Samael joined Gotch in attacking Lawlor and the three declared themselves Contra Unit and covered Lawlor in a customized Contra flag.
Aftermath
Contra Unit began a lengthy feud with Tom Lawlor, which resulted in the group attacking him on many occasions over the next few months. This set up a title match between Lawlor and Contra Unit member Jacob Fatu at Kings of Colosseum.
Results
References
External links
Intimidation Games official website
Major League Wrestling shows
2019 in professional wrestling
2019 American television episodes
2010s American television specials
2019 in Illinois
Events in Cicero, Illinois
March 2019 events in the United States
A liberty pole is a wooden pole, or sometimes spear or lance, surmounted by a "cap of liberty", mostly of the Phrygian cap from outside the Netherlands. The symbol originated in the immediate aftermath of the assassination of the Roman dictator Julius Caesar by a group of Rome's Senators in 44 BCE. Immediately after Caesar was killed the assassins, or Liberatores as they called themselves, went through the streets with their bloody weapons held up, one carrying a pileus (a kind of skullcap that identified a freed slave, not in fact a Phrygian cap) carried on the tip of a spear. This symbolized that the Roman people had been freed from the rule of Caesar, which the assassins claimed had become a tyranny because it overstepped the authority of the Senate and thus betrayed the Republic.
The liberty pole was not thereafter part of the normal Roman depiction of Libertas, the Roman goddess of liberty, who is very often shown holding out a pileus, and carrying a pole or rod. Both refer to the ceremony granting freeman status to a slave, where the subject was touched with the rod, and given the hat. But the hat raised on the end of the pole was shown as an attribute held by Libertas on some coins of the emperor Antoninus Pius, which was enough, with the literary references, to bring it to the attention of Renaissance antiquarians. The pileus itself was shown between two daggers, with the inscription "Ides of March", on some very famous coins made by the assassins of Julius Caesar in the civil war following the assassination.
After the Renaissance, the liberty pole became a common element in the depiction of liberty, initially in a small version carried by personifications, and also later as a larger actual physical object planted in the ground, used as a type of flagstaff.
Revival from the Renaissance onwards
When the motif was revived during the 16th century it was mostly carried by national or political personifications. Its first appearance as an attribute of Liberty in an Italian emblem book was in 1556, later followed by many others. In his "Apotheosis of Venice" (1585) in the Doge's Palace, Paolo Veronese has the ascendant Republic of Venice (personified as a woman) flanked by several symbolic persons, one of whom represents Liberty, dressed as a peasant hoisting a red Phrygian cap on a spear.
The Dutch Maiden, national personification of the Dutch United Provinces fighting to escape from Spanish rule, often carries a hat on a pole. In these cases, the hat is the normal contemporary respectable man's hat, usually with a broad and stiff brim. With considerable cheek, Louis XIV of France had a medal cast in 1678, after the Treaty of Nijmegen ended the war started by his invasion of the Netherlands; this showed the Maiden "standing beside Peace, and receiving the instructions of Prudence".
The imagery was introduced to Britain, partly by the Dutch William III of England, who in one medal presents a cap of liberty to the kneeling England, Scotland and Ireland. When Britannia was pictured as "British Liberty", she usually exchanged the trident she normally carried for a liberty pole. An example of this is a large monument, originally called the "Column of British Liberty", now usually just the "Column to Liberty", begun in the 1750s on his Gibside estate outside Newcastle-on-Tyne by the hugely wealthy Sir George Bowes, reflecting his Whig politics. Set at the top of a steep hillock, the monument itself is taller than Nelson's Column in London, and topped by a bronze female figure, originally gilded, carrying a cap of liberty on a pole.
During the 18th century, the Roman pileus was confused with the Phrygian cap, and this mis-identification then led to the Phrygian cap, familiar from other uses in Roman sculpture, becoming the standard shape when a cap of liberty was used as a political symbol.
Liberty poles carried by personifications
American Revolution
Liberty poles were often erected in town squares in the years before and during the American Revolution (e.g. Concord, Massachusetts; Newport, Rhode Island; Caughnawaga, New York; Savannah, Georgia and Englewood, New Jersey). Some colonists erected liberty poles on their own private land (such as in Bedford, Massachusetts since 1964 and Woburn, Massachusetts—the pole raising there is reenacted annually). An often violent struggle over liberty poles erected by the Sons of Liberty in New York City raged for 10 years. The poles were periodically destroyed by the royal authorities (see the Battle of Golden Hill), only to be replaced by the Sons with new ones. The conflict lasted from the repeal of the Stamp Act in 1766 until the revolutionary New York Provincial Congress came to power in 1775. The liberty pole in New York City had been crowned with a gilt vane bearing the single word, "Liberty". Under the Sedition Act of 1798, authorities indicted several men in Massachusetts for erecting a liberty pole bearing the inscription "No Stamp Act, No Sedition Act, No Alien Bills, No Land Tax, downfall to the Tyrants of America; peace and retirement to the President; Long Live the Vice President".
In some locales—notably in Boston—a liberty tree rather than a pole served the same political purpose.
During the Siege of Boston on August 1, 1775, a tall liberty pole was erected on Prospect Hill, a fortified high-ground overlooking the road to British-occupied Boston.<ref>Journal kept by continental soldier Lieutenant Paul Lunt, May-December 1775 "raised the mast that came out of the schnoner that was burnt at Chelsea, for to hoist our flag upon, in the fort upon Prospect Hill"].</ref> Both the "Appeal to Heaven" Pine Tree Flag and Grand Union Flag (aka Continental Colors) are reported to have flown on Prospect Hill.Paul Lunt's Diary, Lieutenant Paul Lunt, May–December 1775, Tuesday, July 18, 1775, "Our standard was presented in the midst of the regiments with this inscription upon it, "Appeal to Heaven." The 76 foot long liberty pole was originally a ship's mast that had been recently captured from the British armed schooner HMS Diana (1775), in the aftermath of the Battle of Chelsea Creek on May 27 and 28, 1775.
When an ensign was raised (usually red) on a liberty pole, it would be a calling for the Sons of Liberty or townspeople to meet and vent or express their views regarding British rule. The pole was known to be a symbol of dissent against Great Britain. The symbol is also apparent in many seals and coats of arms as a sign of liberty, freedom, and independence.
Other uses
During the Whiskey Rebellion, locals in western Pennsylvania would erect poles along the roads or in town centers as a protest against the federal government's tax on distilled spirits, and evoke the spirit embodied by the liberty poles of decades earlier.
The ("liberty trees") were a symbol of the French Revolution, mostly living trees newly planted. The first was planted in 1790 by a pastor of a Vienne village, inspired by the 1765 Liberty Tree of Boston. One was also planted in front of the City Hall of Amsterdam on 4 March 1795, in celebration of the alliance between the French Republic and the Batavian Republic. In 1798, with the establishment of the short-lived Roman Republic, a liberty tree was planted in Rome's Piazza delle Scole, to mark the legal abolition of the Roman Ghetto. After resumption of Papal rule, the Vatican reinstated the Roman ghetto.
The liberty pole can also be seen on the coat of arms of Argentina.
The image of Liberty holding a pole topped by a Phrygian cap appears on many mid- and late-19th-century U.S. silver coins. These are broadly classified as United States Seated Liberty coinage.
Places
Liberty pole, Liberty Corner, New Jersey
Liberty Pole, Wisconsin, unincorporated community, United States
See also
Maypole
Fort Gaddis
References
Warner, Marina, Monuments and Maidens: The Allegory of the Female Form'', 2000, University of California Press, , 9780520227330, [https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=KUrd5GqffyEC&pg=PA275 google books
American Revolution
Liberty symbols
French Revolution
Heraldic charges
Headgear in heraldry
Iconography
The Brazilian Marine Pipes, Drum and Bugle Corps (Banda Marcial dos Fuzileiros Navais) is the only field music (corps of drums, drum and bugle corps and pipe band) formation in service in the Brazilian Marine Corps and within the wider Brazilian Navy, and one of a few active formations today in service in the Brazilian Armed Forces. Formed in 1822 on the basis of the field music formations of the present day Portuguese Marine Corps stationed in Brazil (when it was part of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves and then as part of the Royal Brigade of the Navy (Brigada Real da Marinha) stationed in the colony), it is also the oldest in South America.
Brief history and present day role
The BMPDC, as a component of the Marine Corps and the Navy, has been the primary field music formation of the corps since independence, and plays alongside the Central Band of the Brazilian Marine Corps in all ceremonies of national importance. Its first appearance in Independence Day parades in the former capital city of Rio de Janeiro in modern times was in 1922, and has been in all parades held in the current capital, Brasilia, since 1960. It has been based in the Fortaleza de São José Marine Barracks, Ilha das Cobras, Rio de Janeiro, and honors the field drummers and buglers who fought in every major Marine Corps combat operation since 1808.
In the Independence Day parade of 7 September 1946, the then Drum, Fife and Bugle Corps had just been reorganized in the manner of the United States Marine Drum and Bugle Corps, in response to and in honor of the Brazilian participation in the Second World War as a 123-strong field music formation, during that parade it was then made up of the Corps Bandmaster, the deputy bandmaster, the drum major, 8 bass drums, 8 single tenor drums, 8 cymbals, 8 snare drums, 16 field snare drums, 16 fifes, 24 1st bugles, 24 2nd bugles and 16 tenor bugles. In 1951, it became the Pipes, Drum and Bugle Corps when 16 Great Highland bagpipes, a gift to the Corps by bagpipers of the British Armed Forces, arrived in Brazil and was given to the Corps by the crew of the USS St. Louis (CL-49), which under the name Almirante Tamandaré, was commissioned as the flagship of the Navy. Another relic of the past lies in its Turkish crescent, a symbol and instrument of European origin used in the old bands of the Army and Navy in the 19th century. The following year, the BMPDC was deployed to the United Kingdom to celebrate the Coronation of Elizabeth II and the bagpipers played for the first time, after receiving bagpipe training in the Army School of Bagpipe Music and Highland Drumming based in Edinburgh by British Army instructors. The Corps had also performed on behalf of the Navy in France, Paraguay and Portugal, in the 2005 Bastille Day military parade and in the 2011 Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo. In 1956, the drum corps appeared on film for the first time when it performed in the movie Fuzileiro do Amor.
Recent national performances include the 2007 Pan-American Games, 2011 Military World Games and the 2016 Summer Olympics. Today, aside from activities for the Marine Corps and the entire Brazilian Navy, the BMPDC tours the whole of Brazil, performing in many cities and in the annual Marine Corps Evening Parade yearly in Rio de Janeiro. Led today by the Corps Bandmaster Cmdr Ennes Fernando da Silva and the Deputy Bandmaster WO Cesário José Barbosa Neto, the now 150-strong field music formation draws on its more than 200 years of service and continues to be a part of Brazil's military heritage. In recent years, the bugles which served the band for more than half a century are now replaced by trumpets, cornets, mellophones and baritone bugles, and there has been a multiple tenor drum and two glockenspiels as well in the drumline, which now has shoulder mounted snare drums instead of the old slinged side drums, in addition the second more senior NCO of the formation serves as the Corps Drum Major, following the format of the British Army and the Royal Marines, after many years of absence. It shares the duties of being the flagship premier ensemble of the Navy with the Central Band of the Marine Corps.
Musical repertoire
As a military marching band, the Pipes, Drum and Bugle Corps exclusively plays traditional marches adapted for the brass, fife and the bagpipe, in addition to contemporary works and Brazilian pop and folk tunes. Among many other marches, its primary repertoire includes the following:
Cisne Branco
Commander Narciso March
Living in Beulah Land
Tiro de Guerra
Suricate I
March no.10
See also
Brazilian Navy
Brazilian Marine Corps
References
External links
Military bands
Brazilian Navy
Drum and bugle corps
Musical groups established in the 1820s
1822 establishments in Brazil
Pipe bands
The Torre Cabrera, also known as Torre Mazzarelli, Torre della Dogana or Torre di Gaddimeli, is a 16th-century tower in Marina di Ragusa, a frazione of Ragusa, Sicily.
History
In the 16th century, various Viceroys of Sicily began to build a series of coastal watchtowers around Sicily's coastline in order to protect the island from Ottoman or Barbary raids. In 1584, the Florentine architect Camillo Camilliani published a report called Descrittione delle marine di tutto il regno di Sicilia con le guardie necessarie da cavallo e da piedi che vi si tengono about the state of Sicily's coastline. In this report, he mentioned that at Marina there was a small tonnara with warehouses. He did not believe that constructing a tower in the area was necessary, since its shallow waters and swamp acted as natural barriers preventing corsairs from landing there.
The tower was eventually built sometime between 1584 and 1596, at the expense of Don Ludovico or Luigi Enriquez-Cabrera, Count of Modica. It was built in the same style as the towers designed by Camillani, perhaps in deference to the parliamentary decision of 9 April 1579 that was providing ten thousand scudi to repair the existing towers and build others, at the request of the Viceroy Don Marcantonio Colonna.
The tower, which was smaller than the tower of the same name in Pozzallo, was garrisoned by a few soldiers and was equipped with six cannons.
On 14 June 1606, Barbary pirates attacked three Sicilian ships near the island of Porri. Three days later, these pirates disguised themselves as Christians and landed at Marina, attacking a ship docked in the harbour. They also took the warden of the Torre Cabrera as a prisoner.
References
Cabrera
Buildings and structures in the Province of Ragusa
Ragusa, Sicily
Towers completed in the 16th century
Originally founded as Gracy Title Company in Austin, Texas in 1873, it was the first and oldest land title insurance company in Texas.
History
Our company's original land title plant and document history dates back to the sovereignty of Texas as a territory when the King of Spain granted land to the original settlers of Texas prior to its period as a Republic from 1836-1845. During the Reconstruction Era of the United States following the Civil War, the abstract and land title industry was in disarray regarding valid ownership of land and real estate claims, which gave rise to need for land & real estate contract negotiations, procedures and transactions to be insured. The general title insurance concept had previously been conceived but was not a fully legal industry within land transactions. A Pennsylvania dispute that arose in 1868, which eventually settled in 1873, led to the legal incorporation of U.S. title insurance companies, in The General Corporation Act passed in 1874. The first company in Texas which arose out of the merging concepts of abstract, title and insurance, Gracy was founded from an existing abstract of title company, as James V. Bergen and Company in 1873 by surveyor James Valentine Bergen and George B. Zimpelman, a former Travis County Texas sheriff, land developer and owner of LBJ Ranch. As Zimpelman's business influence in Texas development, increased he was given partnership, and the firm was renamed Zimpelman & Bergen. David Bergen Gracy, James Bergen's cousin, joined the firm in 1881. When Zimpelman retired, the name changed to Bergen Daniel & Gracy Abstract Company (headed by James Bergen, David Bergen Gracy, and Charles Daniel at 103 E. 6th Street). The Austin Board of Trade referred to the firm as "the only institution here that furnishes reliable abstract of title in the county." The office later moved to 819 Congress Ave. David Gracy served as Austin's city treasurer, city commissioner, and assisted in the organization of several prominent deposit & loan and mortgage companies in Austin. The company became Gracy Title Guaranty Company in 1920 and was owned and operated by the Gracy family until 1947.
Title & Escrow Services
When operating as Gracy Title, a subsidiary of parent company Stewart Law and Land Title Company since 2008, the company was collectively recognized by Forbes as the nation's 4th most admirable and trustworthy companies. In July 2017 Gracy Title, a Stewart Company was officially renamed to Stewart Title of Austin. The company issues title insurance policies and provides title services from 12 locations throughout Central Texas. Outside of the Austin market, prior to the Stewart merger with Gracy, Stewart's history dates back to 1893 originating in Galveston, Texas.
Stewart Title of Austin issues title insurance policies on three of the largest underwriters in the US: First American Title, Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company and Stewart Title Guaranty Company. The company provides title and escrow services, post-closing services, and insurance services for commercial and residential transactions.
See also
List of United States insurance companies
References
Institutional investors
Insurance companies based in Texas
Financial services companies established in 1873
1873 establishments in Texas
Companies based in Texas
In a New Age is a 1988 album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury. The album contains new versions of eight classic Newbury songs, with a full version of "All My Trials" which is part of Newbury's "An American Trilogy" (which is also included on the album.)
Background
In 1988, Airborne Records planned a release in which Newbury demos were treated with synthesizers and other then-contemporary production effects. These demos stemmed from sessions with producer Larry Butler in Nashville in March 1983 and featured new age synthesizer sounds, which Newbury came to loath. "I was so drunk then," he later explained. "I hate those cuts and never want to hear 'em again." Newbury also claimed to have thrown a cassette of the recording on the ground and stomped on it. Newbury was aghast when he heard that Airborne was planning to release the recordings, and had even printed up the album art, but, after learning that no CDs or cassettes had yet been made, Newbury instead re-recorded the songs Airborne planned to use, and the album was released with these new recordings, effectively Newbury's first recordings in years.
Newbury recorded the album with accompaniment from violinist Marie Rhines. The set includes Newbury classics "An American Trilogy", "San Francisco Mabel Joy", "Lovers", and "Cortelia Clark". "Poison Red Berries" was originally released as "I Don't Think About Her No More" on Looks Like Rain while "Willow Tree" was originally titled "Wish I Was" and released on His Eye Is on the Sparrow. Rhines later recalled:
When I arrived at the studio at 11AM, I remember it was quiet, no one around, except Mickey – who had set up two chairs in this big empty studio...I sat down, and then we began to play and never stopped until side one was done...We returned after a brief lunch, sat down and went through the exact order of side two never stopping the tape until we had finished the final song. Done. Mickey loved the results.
After recording had finished, Newbury convinced Larry Butler and Airborne to release his new version of the album instead, which they eventually agreed to do. Airborne did release the recordings Mickey rejected, also titled In a New Age, but had a Canadian distribution through CBS Music Products-catalogue No. ABK-61000. The title on the actual compact disc is printed A Legend In A New Age – one that Newbury initially rejected.
In 1999, In a New Age was revised by Newbury's label Mountain Retreat, bass, percussion, guitar, and sound effects were added. It was paired with a 1988 concert with accompaniment by violinist Rhines as part of a 2-CD set It Might As Well Be the Moon.
Track listing
All songs composed by Mickey Newbury unless otherwise indicated:
"All My Trials" (Traditional)
"Cortelia Clark"
"Willow Tree"
"The Sailor"
"Frisco Depot"
"Poison Red Berries"
"Lovers"
"San Francisco Mabel Joy"
"An American Trilogy" (Traditional; arranged by Mickey Newbury)
References
Citations
Bibliography
Mickey Newbury albums
1988 albums
The 2017–18 Israeli Basketball Premier League, for sponsorship reasons Ligat Winner, was the 64th season of the Israeli Basketball Premier League. Hapoel Jerusalem is the defending champion.
Competition format
Twelve teams join the regular season, where they play against each other four times home-and-away in double a round-robin format. The eight first qualified teams advance to the playoffs. The last qualified team is relegated to the Liga Leumit. The regular season starts 8 October 2017.
Teams
Ironi Nes Ziona has been promoted to the league after winning 2016–17 National League, and comes back just one year after their relegation. Maccabi Kiryat Gat, who finished in last place during the 2016–17 season, relegated to the Liga Leumit
Stadia and locations
Personnel and sponsorship
Managerial changes
Regular season
In the regular season, teams play against each other at least three times home-and-away in double a round-robin format. The six first qualified teams advance to the playoffs. The regular season started on 8 October 2017.
Standings
Players strike
On May 22, 2018, the Israeli Basketball Players Association announced a strike after the league introduced a rule, which enforced the teams to have at least two Israeli players on court at the same time. On May 24, the league announced that the season would be ended with one regular season game remaining and that no playoffs would be held due to the ongoing strike.
However, on May 25, 2018, the Israeli League Management have reached an agreement with the Israeli Basketball Players Association and the strike ended.
Play-offs
|}
Source: Ligat Winner
Final Four
Clubs in European competitions
Final standings
All-Star Game
The 2018 Israeli League All-star event was held on March 2, 2018, at the Menora Mivtachim Arena in Tel Aviv.
The International team won the game 137–122. The MVP of the game was Pierre Jackson who scored 18 points along with 6 assists.
Corey Webster won the Three-Point Shootout and Jaron Johnson won the Slam Dunk Contest.
Rosters
Game
Three-point shootout
Source: Basket.co.il
Slam Dunk Contest
Source: Basket.co.il
Statistical leaders
| style="width:50%; vertical-align:top;"|
Assists
|}
|}
| style="width:50%; vertical-align:top;"|
Efficiency
|}
|}
Other statistics
Source: Basket.co.il
Individual game highs
Source: RealGM
Awards
Yearly awards
Regular season MVP
Source: basket.co.il
Finals MVP
Source: basket.co.il
All-Israeli League Teams
Source: basket.co.il
Coach of the Year
Source: basket.co.il
Quarterfinals MVP
Source: basket.co.il
Best Defender
Source: basket.co.il
Most Improved Player
Source: basket.co.il
Sixth Man of the Year
Source: basket.co.il
Rising Star
Source: basket.co.il
Monthly Awards
Player of the Month
Israeli Player of the Month
Coach of the Month
MVP of the Round
Average attendances
Included playoffs games.
See also
2017–18 Israeli Basketball State Cup
2017 Israeli Basketball League Cup
References
Israeli Basketball Premier League seasons
Israeli
Basketball
Joshua or Josh Mills may refer to:
Joshua Mills (Australian politician) (1859–1943), MP in Western Australia
Joshua Mills (mayor) (1797–1843), mayor of Cleveland, Ohio
Josh Mills, American actor in Hobgoblins 2
Distro may refer to:
Linux distribution, a specific vendor's operating system-package composed of the Linux kernel, GNU tools and libraries, additional software based on a package management system.
Software distro, a set of software components (i.e. open source components) assembled into a working whole and distributed to a user community.
A zine distribution service
Quinten Ryan Crispito Timber (born 17 June 2001) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Feyenoord in the Eredivisie.
Career
Ajax
Timber played in the youth academies of DVSU and Feyenoord, before he and his brother joined the Ajax Youth Academy in 2014. Since 2016 he has played for various youth teams of the Dutch national team and in 2018 won the 2018 UEFA European Under-17 Championship. On 15 October 2018 he made his professional debut, playing for Jong Ajax, the reserves team of Ajax competing in the Eerste Divisie, the 2nd-tier of professional football in the Netherlands, in a 2–1 away loss to Jong PSV. He scored his first goal on 25 March 2019 in a 3–3 draw with Jong FC Utrecht.
Utrecht
On 5 May 2021, it was announced, that Timber would transfer to FC Utrecht, signing a 3-year contract with the club from his hometown.
Feyenoord
On 28 July 2022, Feyenoord announced that it had signed Timber on a 4-year contract, with FC Utrecht announcing that Timber became the most expensive outgoing player in the club's history to date. The transfer fee is said to be €8.5 million. He scored his first goal for the club on 27 August 2022, scoring the first goal in a 4–0 win over FC Emmen.
Personal life
Born in the Netherlands, Timber and his twin brother Jurriën Timber, who is also a footballer, are of Aruban and Curaçaoan descent. Their mother Marilyn is from Aruba and their father is from Curaçao, both parts of the ABC Islands in the Dutch Caribbean. Due to situations in the past, the family took on their maternal name Timber instead of taking the last name of their father Maduro. The twins also have three older brothers Shamier, Chris, and Dylan.
Honours
Ajax
KNVB Cup: 2020–21
Netherlands U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship: 2018
Individual
FC Utrecht Player of the Year (David Di Tommaso Trophy): 2022
References
2001 births
Living people
Footballers from Utrecht (city)
Twin people from the Netherlands
Identical twins
Twin sportspeople
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Dutch people of Aruban descent
Dutch people of Curaçao descent
Association football midfielders
AFC Ajax players
Jong Ajax players
FC Utrecht players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Monroe Jay Lustbader (January 15, 1931 – March 16, 1996) was an American Republican Party politician who was elected to three terms in the New Jersey General Assembly, serving in office from 1992 until his death, where he represented the 21st Legislative District.
Born in Kearny, New Jersey, Lustbader attended New York University and the University of Mississippi, before receiving his degrees in law from Rutgers Law School. He was a resident of Millburn, New Jersey.
An attorney and real estate developer, Lustbader first ran for office in 1973, as the Republican candidate for Assemblyman in the newly created 26th district, which included West Orange, East Orange and Orange. He lost to Democrats Richard J. Codey, a future Governor of New Jersey who was running for his first term in the Legislature, and freshman Democratic Assemblyman Eldridge Hawkins. Codey received 30,282 votes, followed by Hawkins (28,102), Republican John F. Trezza (13,978) and Lustbader (12,502).
In 1981, Lustbader became the Republican candidate for the Essex County Board of chosen freeholders and was elected, defeating one-term Democratic incumbent Renee Lane. He was re-elected in 1984, 1987 and 1990.
Lustbader ran again for the State Assembly in 1991, this time in a newly drawn Essex County-Union County seat that favored the Republicans. Running with five-term Assemblywoman Maureen Ogden, he defeated incumbent Democratic Assemblyman Neil M. Cohen by more than 13,000 votes, 33,914 to 20,460. He was re-elected in 1993 and 1995.
A decision by the New Jersey Casino Control Commission in 1992 to allow round-the-clock gambling in New Jersey at Atlantic City's casinos angered Lustbader, who had proposed a bill that would limit 24-hour gambling to certain times of the year, stating that "there has to be a break in those hours to give the people a chance psychologically to cool off to avoid people losing the rent money in a froth".
In the face of increasing numbers of cars stolen in Newark, New Jersey, Lustbader chaired a task force that started in November 1992 aimed at developing bipartisan legislation to address the problem of auto theft and carjacking. The task force recommended boot camp programs for first-time offenders and would impose as much as 10 years in jail for those convicted of eluding police or joyriding and would make parents liable for damages resulting from car thefts if parents "do not reasonably supervise and control the children". Lustbader stated that "kids who are old enough to steal cars are old enough to face severe consequences".
Under legislation co-sponsored in the Assembly by Lustbader in 1995, falsehoods in political advertisements made with "reckless disregard to validity" would be an offense that would expose violators to up to six months in jail and fines as high as $1,000. Lustbader argued that "vicious and deliberately false statements made during a campaign" are not protected forms of free speech guaranteed by the First Amendment.
Legislation proposed by Lustbader in 1995 targeted "welfare shopping", a practice in which families from outside New Jersey move to the state to take advantage of its more liberal welfare grants. Under the bill proposed by Lustbader, those who move to New Jersey would be subject to a reduction of 25% in the standard welfare allowance until they had resided in the state for nine months, despite three prior rulings by the U.S. Supreme Court that waiting periods or benefit reductions for new state residents violated Constitutional guarantees of freedom of movement. The bill had been approved in the Assembly and failed by one vote in its first attempt at passage in the New Jersey Senate.
Lustbader died at age 65 on March 16, 1996, at Saint Barnabas Medical Center in Livingston, New Jersey due to kidney cancer. He had kept his condition from his colleagues in the Assembly and continued to work long hours until shortly before his death. In a November 1996 special election, Joel Weingarten was elected to the Assembly, defeating Democratic candidate Robert R. Peacock to fill the one year remaining on Lustbader's vacant seat.
References
1930 births
1996 deaths
20th-century American politicians
County commissioners in New Jersey
Deaths from cancer in New Jersey
Deaths from kidney cancer
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey Republicans
New York University alumni
People from Kearny, New Jersey
People from Millburn, New Jersey
Rutgers School of Law–Newark alumni
University of Mississippi alumni
is a Japanese publisher of mostly non-fiction magazines and books, though it has recently begun publishing light novels and manga, including magazines which contain both. Shodensha publishes magazines such as Feel Young (an all-manga magazine), Zipper (a fashion magazine aimed at junior high and high school girls), and Nina's (a fashion and lifestyle magazine aimed at younger housewives).
Shodensha is a member of the keiretsu Hitotsubashi Group of publishing companies.
History
Shodensha was founded on November 5, 1970, by five people: Shōzō Sasabe (from Shogakukan), Isamu Kurosaki (from Kobunsha), Kōzaburō Iga, Hidenori Sakurai, and Toshio Fujioka.
The company was able to release a number of best selling titles which helped the company get off to a running start. They began their "Non-Novel" imprint in 1973, and their "Non-Pochette" imprint in 1975. In 2000, Shodensha created their Shodensha Gold imprint, and their most recent imprint, Shodensha Shinsho, was released in 2005.
Shodensha has also published a variety of magazines throughout the years, including (a magazine which covers a wide range of women's issues, first published in 1996), Boon (a young street fashion magazine published from 1986–2008), (began publication in 2004), as well as the previously mentioned Feel Young, Zipper, and Nina's.
Magazines
Feel Young, josei manga magazine.
Karada ni Ii Koto, a lifestyle and health magazine aimed at women in their 30s and older.
Nina's, a women's lifestyle and fashion magazine.
Shosetsu Non, a magazine which serializes light novels.
Zipper, a girls fashion magazine (junior high and high school).
Boon, young men's fashion magazine.
Feel Love, josei romance novels magazine.
Coffret, web magazine where all Feel Love serializations were moved after August 2014
External links
Official Shodensha website
Book publishing companies of Japan
Comic book publishing companies of Japan
Publishing companies established in 1970
Educational book publishing companies
Magazine publishing companies of Japan
1970 establishments in Japan
Igor Platonovich Demidov (; 5 June 1873 – October 20, 1946) was a Russian politician.
A cadet then a member of the State Duma, he went into exile in Paris after the Bolshevik Revolution. He was a member of the editorial staff of the newspaper "Последние новости" ("News"), then its assistant chief editor, and in the early 1920s was also a member of the parish council of St Alexander Nevsky in Paris.
Sources
State Duma of the Russian Empire, 1906-1917: The Encyclopedia. Moscow: Russian Political Encyclopedia, 2008. С. 158—159. . S. 158-159. .
1873 births
1946 deaths
Russian politicians
Russian journalists
Place of birth missing
Igor
The surname Lessa may refer to:
Adriana Lessa
Anderson Lessa, Brazilian footballer
Aureliano Lessa (1828–1861), Brazilian poet, adept of the "Ultra-romanticism" movement
Elsie Lessa (1912–2000), Brazilian journalist and writer of American descent
Fernanda Lessa, Brazilian top model
Ivan Lessa (born 1935), Brazilian journalist and writer of American descent
Leandro Lessa Azevedo (born 1980), Brazilian striker
Orígenes Lessa (1903–1986), journalist, short story writer, novelist, and a writer of essays
William A. Lessa
The Glaciogenic Reservoir Analogue Studies Project (GRASP) is a research group studying the subglacial to proglacial record of Pleistocene glacial events. It is based in the Delft University of Technology.
Introduction to glaciogenic reservoirs
Glaciogenic reservoirs are sedimentary rocks deposited under an ice sheet influence and that are involved into a gas or oil reservoir. The glacial earth system is complex to study. A large amount on past and ongoing scientific programs work(ed) on our cryosphere and generate a lot of debate about its dynamic, sustainability and behavior against climate changes. Past glaciations or ice ages record occurred several times (Timeline of glaciation) along the geological time scale. As they are hundreds of million years old, these ancient glaciations are even harder to analyse and study. Earth at that time had a different atmosphere composition, the chemistry of the oceans was also different, life evolution on earth had also a great impact on the dynamic of these ice sheets, the continents were in a particular setting, etc. Geologists have a broad idea of all those parameters but glaciologists know that this is the combination of those setting that bring to our current ice-age.
A glacial system is able to produce a very large amount of sediment due to the tremendous erosive forces of ice at its base. Those sediments are particularly coarse-grained (principally sandstones and conglomerates) and produced in consequent volumes . For their good reservoir properties, ancient glacially-related sediments have been targeted by oil industries. They are currently massively exploited in North Africa, in the Arabic peninsula, South Africa, and few small fields are present in Asia, Australia and Northern Europe. The main ice ages concerned are the Late Ordovician glaciation (Hirnantian) and the Permo-Carboniferous glaciations.
Project objectives
Analogy is a usual geologist method, using the present day observations and project/adapt it to the ancient earth systems. The main problem of this technique is the time-scale considered and the observation methods used. Most of the time, observations of active ice-sheet processes are instantaneous at geological time-scale and hard to apply in the ancient. Furthermore, in the ancient, field and geophysical studies are carried out at lower resolution but on a wider scale (time and space). Finally, even if Subglacial lakes are observed below ice sheets, melt-water drainage system processes ongoing, especially like the tunnel valleys remain unobserved directly. The record of these huge subglacial "rivers" is mainly analysed via the recent ice ages imprints (Weichselian, Saalian and Pre-Illinoian or Elsterian stages) and in the ancient one (Late Ordovician and Permo-Carboniferous).
The idea of GRASP is to use methods commonly applied in the ancient onto recent glaciation record (Pleistocene). In the ancient, wide datasets are acquired by oil companies during exploration of sedimentary basins. By using the same type of data for the Pleistocene glacial record, the project tries to generate data comparable in between ancient and recent glaciations. The studied area is the North Sea that was glaciated during the Last Glacial Maximum as well as the Northwestern Europe. On the sea floor, around the North Sea and into the kilometre of sediments below, many traces and evidences of the glacial events are recorded. As this place is a petroleum province, many data, especially geophysics ones are currently released or could be borrowed for academic purposes.
So, by joining the skills of three different universities, with the help of many data providers and the funding of six oil companies, new income is made into the knowledge of paleo-glacial systems. Basin analysis containing geophysical, reservoir and sedimentological models are produced in a new way and in a new type of environment. In an economic point of view, oil companies are interested in these models to have comparable data with their oil fields. In an academic one, understanding the recent ice sheet dynamic and its associated subglacial meltwater flow is crucial in the context of climate changes or fundamentally solving the intricate glacial record equation of recent and past ice ages.
See also
Climate change (modern day)
Climate change (general concept)
References
External links
GRASP website
Palaeos:Late Ordovician Age
IUGS/UNESCO: IGCP 503
ECORD: sedimentary basins
Delft University of Technology
Glaciology
Sedimentology
Geophysics organizations
Oil reserves
Christine Ng Wing-mei (; born 24 February 1969) is an actress and singer based on Hong Kong. She was under contract to Hong Kong's TVB and ATV. She is known for her roles in TVB's dramas including C.I.B. Files and The Silver Chamber of Sorrows.
Career
Ng competed in the 1989 Miss Asia Pageant and won Miss Photogenic, finishing as third runner-up.
In December 1990, at age 21, Ng married her first husband Yung Kwong Pui (翁江培) who was 30 years older. Only 13 days into their marriage, Yung died of a heart attack. He had been a high standing partner at the Hong Kong office of Ernst & Young and had accumulated a large fortune. He left Ng $170 million (HKD) in his will. Since Yung had died in China, his will was contested by family members for a lengthy period. In 2000, Ng was awarded $9 million. For many years, she suffered from depression due to negative rumors that she was a "black widow" who had brought bad luck to her late husband, which hurt her success with ATV. She did successfully revive her career after moving to TVB.
In 1999 she met her current husband Kasey Lin Hoi Tong (练海棠) through Gigi Lai, and they married in July 1999 in Vancover.
Filmography
Television dramas
Film
Other shows
Strictly Come Dancing Season 2《舞动奇迹-第二季》- TVB/Hunan TV dance competition (2008)
References
External links
TVB Blog - Christine Ng
1969 births
Living people
Hong Kong television actresses
Hong Kong film actresses
TVB veteran actors
Chinese beauty pageant winners
20th-century Hong Kong actresses
21st-century Hong Kong actresses
Hong Kong Buddhists
State Police is a 1938 American action film directed by John Rawlins and written by George Waggner. The film stars John 'Dusty' King, William Lundigan, Constance Moore, Larry J. Blake, J. Farrell MacDonald and David Oliver. The film was released on March 18, 1938, by Universal Pictures.
When his son is expelled from college, Colonel Clarke, head of the State Police, assigns him to the patrol of Sergeant Dan Prescott as Private Smith. "Smith" disobeys Dan's order and makes a play for his girl Helen Evans. During a shutdown of unprofitable coal mines at Minersburg, the gang of racketeer "Trigger" Magee levies tribute on the miners who are mining coal for their own use. Magee kills Albert Morgan for opposing him, and Dan gets order to arrest Magee and clean up the situation. "Smith" quits the force and becomes involved with the gangsters headquartered at "The Oaks," a notorious resort ran by Helen's brother Jack. The latter double-crosses Magee and is killed by him. Magee is arrested, escapes and makes "Smith" a prisoner and beats him unconscious for refusing to phone his father to call off the police hunt. Miners, led by Joe Palmer and Charlie, organize to clean out the gangsters while Dan's troopers are also closing in.
Cast
John 'Dusty' King as Sgt. Dan Prescott
William Lundigan as Pvt. Smith / Bill Clarke
Constance Moore as Helen Evans
Larry J. Blake as Trigger Magee
J. Farrell MacDonald as Charlie Wheeler
David Oliver as Cpl. Duffy
Ted Osborne as Jack Evans
Pierre Watkin as Col. C.B. Clarke
Guy Usher as Hughes
Charles C. Wilson as Capt. Halstead
Eddy Waller as Const. Higgins
Sam Flint as Deputy Joe Palmer
References
External links
1938 films
American action films
1930s action films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by John Rawlins
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Alexandros Karapanos (, 1873–1946) was a Greek politician and diplomat. He was born in Arta (Epirus) and died in Athens.
Karapanos was the son of politician and archeologist Konstantinos Karapanos. He studied law and political science in Paris. In 1899 he joined the Greek diplomatic corps and became the country's ambassador in several European capitals during the following years. At the outbreak of the Balkan Wars he was appointed political-diplomatic advisor to the Army of Epirus.
In February 1914, when the Great Powers awarded the region of Northern Epirus, which had been under the control of the Greek army, to the Principality of Albania, he moved to Gjirokastër and became Minister of Foreign Affairs in the provisional autonomous government formed by the local Greek population. His relative, Georgios Christakis-Zografos, was the head of this government. After successful negotiations with the representatives of the Great Powers and William of Wied of Albania, in May the Protocol of Corfu was signed which granted full autonomy to Northern Epirus.
Karapanos became MP for Arts in the Greek elections of December 1915, and in 1916 he was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs of the official royal government. He launched negotiations for the country's participation with the Triple Entente in the First World War, but negotiations became deadlocked.
Karapanos participated at the Paris Peace Conference (1919) as a representative of the Northern Epirotes. In 1920 he became again an MP. Two years later, following the Asia Minor Catastrophe, he disagreed with the policies of the military revolt of September 1922, and rejected an offer to become Prime Minister of Greece.
Continuing his diplomatic activity, he was sent to Rome in 1923 to negotiate with Italy, after the Corfu incident. In 1928 he became again Minister of Foreign Affairs, in the cabinet of Eleftherios Venizelos (4 July 1928 – 7 June 1929). During this period Greece signed a number of treaties with Italy and Yugoslavia.
Alexandros Karapanos was the founder of the newspaper Elefthero Vima, which is known today as To Vima ("the tribune") and the magazine Politiki Epitheorisi ("Political Review").
References
1873 births
1946 deaths
People from Arta, Greece
Foreign ministers of Greece
Greek diplomats
Greek MPs 1915–1917
Greek journalists
Northern Epirus independence activists
The Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation between Spain and Portugal (Spanish: Tratado de Amistad y Cooperación entre España y Portugal, Portuguese: Tratado de Amizade e Cooperação entre Portugal e Espanha) is a bilateral treaty of friendship signed between Spain and Portugal on 22 November 1977. It was ratified on 17 April 1978 in Portugal and on 25 April 1978 in Spain. Its stated goals were to strengthen the bonds of friendship and solidarity between the two countries. It was signed by Portuguese Prime Minister Mário Soares and Spanish Prime Minister Adolfo Suárez.
The treaty replaced the Iberian Pact signed in 1942, and followed both countries' transitions into democracies, after the Carnation Revolution in Portugal and the 1977 Spanish general election.
See also
Portugal–Spain relations
External links
British Pathe video of signing
References
Treaties of Spain
Treaties of Portugal
Portugal–Spain relations
1977 in Spain
1977 in Portugal
Treaties concluded in 1977
Treaties entered into force in 1978
Japan Electric Power Exchange, Public Interest incorporated organisation (Japanese:一般社団法人日本卸電力取引所（にっぽんおろしでんりょくとりひきしょ)、abbr: JEPX）is an exchange that facilitates with spot and forward transactions of electrical power by power among power utilities in Japan. Formed as an intermediary corporation in November 2003, it was based on the recommendation of the same year by the Electric-power Industry Sub-committee to form an electric power wholesale market. In 2004 it invited members for its central committee and in 2005 April 1, commenced transacting in wholesale power transactions. Later on, in November 2008, it also started a Green-power exchange. Pursuant to the change in Japan's corporate law for public interest organisations, it is now registered as a "Public Interest Incorporated Organization".
Major constituent companies
It is mandatory to be a registered member in order to be able to conduct transactions. As of October 2017 there are 127 registered companies.
See also
Japan Electric Association
Energy in Japan
Electricity sector in Japan
References
Electric power in Japan
Electricity markets
Japanese companies established in 2003
Energy companies established in 2003
Electric power companies of Japan
The New Alexei Sayle Show was a comedy sketch show broadcast on BBC2 television for a total of twelve episodes, over two series in 1994 and 1995. The title sequence featured Alexei Sayle as an innocent, newly arrived man in London singing cheerful lyrics and dancing around Trafalgar Square, in a spoof of American television shows such as the Mary Tyler Moore Show.
It was the successor to Alexei Sayle's Stuff, and predecessor of Alexei Sayle's Merry-Go-Round. Sayle's co-star from Channel 4's The Gravy Train, future dual Academy Award winner Christoph Waltz appeared in a sketch during its run.
Recurring characters
The show differed from Alexei Sayle's Stuff mainly in its introduction of recurring characters who include:
* Alexei's alter ego, Bobby Chariot. Bobby is a Scouse comic of the old school, who appears as a warm-up act during breaks when the show has supposedly 'broken down' for technical reasons. His catchphrase "How are you diddling?" will invariably fail to ignite the audience, prompting the reply, ". . . Bloody sod you, then." He will then regale them with anecdotes about his wife having left him, his drink problem, and sleeping in his Jag. He is an archetypal 'traditional' comedian who combines the least politically correct sides of Jimmy Tarbuck, Ken Dodd and Stan Boardman with a bit of Mr Sayle. He will often pick on the audience for cheap laughs, then turn on them when they remain unresponsive. Often, rather than being seen in front of the audience, he is pictured sitting among them, pouring his heart out to some poor uninterested, bored soul. Bobby also features in the subsequent show Alexei Sayle's Merry-Go-Round.
Bobby's even more depressing and hopeless gag writer, played by Stephen Lewis, still bashing out bad puns on a manual typewriter.
A caricature of John Smith, who was leader of the Labour Party at the time.
Performance artists Egbert and Bill (a lampoon of real-life artists Gilbert and George), perform together with John Sparkes.
Nancy and Spike. Two radical lesbians who run a feminist bicycle shop in Hackney called "Menstrual cycles". Depending on viewpoint, these are either very un-PC or overly PC characters.
Running sketches
Both series of the show included running sketches.
Psycho Ward 11 in Series 1 was a spoof Australian hospital soap featuring Jean Marsh and Peter O'Brien.
Drunk in Time in Series 2 satirised the popular late 1960s cult sci-fi TV series The Time Tunnel. It featured Peter Capaldi as Sayle's fellow drunk time-traveling companion, and also Jenny Agutter and Alfred Marks as the scientists back at the base.
Sources
Johnson RK, British TV Show Reviews
"UK Comedy" on Memorable TV
1990s British television sketch shows
1994 British television series debuts
1995 British television series endings
BBC television sketch shows
English-language television shows
Emil Larsson may refer to:
Emil Larsson (filmmaker) (born 1979), Swedish film director and film producer
Emil Larsson (ice hockey) (born 1993), Swedish ice hockey player
See also
Emil Larsen (born 1991), Danish footballer
Emil Larsen (wrestler) (1888–1942), Danish wrestler
Jess Steele, is the founder and director of Jericho Road Solutions and a community activist. Steele was a founder trustee of Hastings Pier & White Rock Trust which successfully campaigned to transfer the pier into community ownership and raised £14m for its renovation.
Background
Jess Steele was born in the United Kingdom and lives and works in Hastings where she played a leading role in the saving of Hastings Pier.
Career
Steele founded the creative outreach charity Magpie and led the ‘Get Set for Citizenship' programme. Recruited to the National Community Forum in 2001, she saw the power of local-to-local networking and joined the British Urban Regeneration Association as Deputy Chief Executive in 2004, responsible for training, events and the best practice awards.
At the Development Trusts Association from 2007, Steele established its practitioner consultancy service, the Pool, drawing on the expertise of the development trusts movement to offer support on community enterprise and community assets. Later she became one of two Directors of Innovation for Locality. In 2013 Steele wrote the People's Pier report, which was published by the trade association Co-operatives UK on 26 August 2013.
Steele established Jericho Road Solutions in May 2013, and has supported 25 groups of local people across the country to tackle challenging buildings, including co-ordinating the CADO (Community Assets in Difficult Ownership) programme, establishing a “crowdlending” scheme, allowing residents put in cash to buy buildings and land to keep them community-owned and permanently affordable, as well as providing long-term coaching to a range of neighbourhood clients on community engagement, social investment, organisational development and property acquisition. These include building projects in Liverpool, Manchester, Halifax, Sheffield, London, Bristol, Coventry, Bognor, Portsmouth, Folkestone, Hastings, Flimwell and the Isle of Wight. Steele is also a community business panel member for the Power to Change Trust.
As a director of White Rock Trust, Steele brought together the partnership White Rock Neighbourhood Ventures to redevelop Rock House - a live-work space for local creative people and businesses, which has capped rents, and is coordinating an emerging Community Land Trust to tackle the threat of gentrification. A further project, still ongoing is to bring the F.J. Parsons Printworks (Observer Building) back to life.
References
British activists
British women activists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paul Severino (born October 5, 1983) is an American sportscaster and studio host appearing across MLB Network's programming, including MLB Tonight, MLB Network's Emmy Award-winning daily studio show. Severino joined MLB Network in January 2011. He was hired to be the new TV play by play voice of the Miami Marlins for Bally Sports Florida in 2018. Severino appears in Play by Play camps for kids.
In addition to his studio work, Severino has done play-by-play for many MLB Network game telecasts, including the Arizona Fall League, the Triple-A All-Star Game, the Under Armour All-American Game and the Urban Invitational.
Prior to MLB Network, Severino served as a host and anchor across ESPN's programming, including ESPNews and "SportsCenter" on ESPN America.
Severino also anchored ESPN3.com halftime shows for NBA and NCAA football games, hosted "Fantasy Focus" on ESPN.com, and served as a play-by-play announcer for Pop Warner Championships at Disney's Wide World of Sports in 2008 and 2009.
Severino is a native of Bristol, Connecticut, and graduated from Endicott College in Beverly, Massachusetts.
References
External links
MLB Network bio
1983 births
Living people
American television sports announcers
Endicott College alumni
Major League Baseball broadcasters
Miami Marlins announcers
MLB Network personalities
People from Bristol, Connecticut
Jendri Chriestian Pitoy (born 15 January 1981) is an Indonesian footballer. He was a goalkeeper.
He played for the Indonesia national football team as the first team regular. His international debut as a senior national team player was for a friendly match between Indonesia and Malaysia on 26 September 2003 and the match was ended draw 1–1. In Sea Games 2001 he brought U-23 National Team to 4th place after losing 0–1 from Myanmar (3rd place). In Sea Games 2003 in Hanoi, Vietnam he failed to bring U-23 National Team to Semi Final. The team were not qualified from group qualification at first round. In Asian Cup 2007, he played in two matches in group D qualification in Jakarta. Those two matches are Indonesia against Bahrain (won 2–1) and Indonesia against Saudi Arabia (lost 1–2).
Jendri brought his club Persipura Jayapura to win Liga Indonesia together with teammates in his club. At the end of 2012 he joined Persiram Raja Ampat for one season. And now, he plays for Persebaya Surabaya.
National team career
2001: SEA Games Kuala Lumpur
2003: SEA Games Hanoi
2004: Asian Cup, Tiger Cup
2006: Brunei Merdeka Games in Malaysia
2007: Asian Cup
Honours
Persipura Jayapura
Winner
Liga Indonesia: 2005
Indonesia Super League: 2008–09
Indonesian Community Shield: 2009
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
People from Tomohon
Sportspeople from North Sulawesi
Indonesian Christians
Indonesian footballers
Indonesia international footballers
2004 AFC Asian Cup players
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
Persikota Tangerang players
Persija Jakarta players
Persipura Jayapura players
Persib Bandung players
Persiram Raja Ampat players
Bhayangkara F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Dichogama decoralis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1866. It is found on Hispaniola.
References
Moths described in 1866
Dichogamini
Brigadier-General Robert Murray (7 January 1689 – 25 March 1738) was a Scottish soldier and Member of Parliament, the third son of Charles Murray, 1st Earl of Dunmore and younger brother of John Murray, 2nd Earl of Dunmore.
Background
After service with the 3rd Regiment of Foot Guards, he was colonel of the 37th Regiment of Foot from 1722 to 1735 and of the 38th Regiment of Foot from 1735 to his death. He was ultimately promoted Brigadier-General in 1735. He was MP for Wootton Bassett from 1722 to 1727 and for Great Bedwyn from 1734 to 1738. He died in March 1738 aged 49.
|-
References
R. S. Lea, MURRAY, Hon. Robert (1689-1738), of Stanwell, Mdx. in The History of Parliament: the House of Commons 1715-1754 (1970).
1689 births
1738 deaths
Younger sons of earls
British Army generals
Scots Guards officers
37th Regiment of Foot officers
South Staffordshire Regiment officers
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1734–1741
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Great Bedwyn
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Wootton Bassett
Iranians in Lebanon are people of Iranian background or descent residing in Lebanon. Some of them are Lebanese citizens while some are migrants or descendants born in Lebanon with Iranian heritage. Many Iranians in Lebanon live in Nabatieh. Many of the Iranians in Lebanon are carpet traders.
Notable people
Masoud Boroumand (1928–2011), Iranian footballer
Mostafa Chamran (1932–1981), Iranian physicist, politician, commander and guerrilla fighter
Musa al-Sadr (1928–1978), Lebanese-Iranian philosopher and Shia religious leader
See also
Arab-Persians
Iran–Lebanon relations
Iranian diaspora
Lebanese people in Iran
2013 Iranian embassy bombing
Kurds in Lebanon
References
Lebanon
Middle Eastern diaspora in Lebanon
Ethnic groups in Lebanon
Iranian diaspora in the Middle East
Pencraig is an area in the community of Llangefni, Anglesey, Wales, which is 131.6 miles (211.7 km) from Cardiff and 213.4 miles (343.4 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Sitonai (Ainu: シトナイ) is a mythical Ainu heroine, known for a legend of slaying a giant snake of Akaiwa mountain (located northwest to Otaru).
Synopsis
In a cave in Akaiwa mountain there lived a giant serpent (the height of the body was seven or eight goes (22.3 meters), and the thickness of the body was about the size of a four-toed barrel) that demanded the sacrifice of maidens from the village below, once a year on the 15th day of the eighth month. The town officials, afraid of the creature, give in to its horrible requests and send a maiden to the cave's opening.
On the tenth year after nine years of sacrificing children, the youngest of six daughters of the village chief, Sitonai, aged 12 or 13, volunteers to be next sacrifice. In other version she is the 9th sacrifice, the youngest of nine daughters and aged 15.
Sitonai goes to the cave with a makiri knife and her faithful hunting dog, and along the way they hunt a deer and a bear and acquire their meat. She then sets a trap for the snake by leaving the meat out in front of its den as bait, and waits hidden for the snake to exit its cave. When the snake comes out under the light of the full moon, it sees the bear and deer carcasses and begins to swallow them, but it digests it slowly. While its mouth is stuffed with bear and working on the deer, Sitonai orders her dog to attack, and it savagely bites into serpent's otherwise occupied throat, fighting with it until it stops moving, at which time Sitonai takes her makiri and finishes it off. In one version, she delivers a "perfect" finishing strike. She then enters the cave and gathers the remains of all the previous sacrifices for burial while lamenting on how the girls before her were all so weak that they were eaten by what proved to be just a mere snake, and she and the dog return to the village with the gathered bones.
From this time on, a peaceful life came to the village, but for fear of haunting, local people decided to celebrate and enshrine the Hakuryu Daigongen (白龍大権現, White Dragon Great Gongen) in this cave. The Akaiwa mountain shrine was also linked with a legend of sighting of a white dragon rising to the heavens when a Shugendo monk practiced in a cave at the beginning of the Meiji era.
There are two main versions of the Sitonai legend (one of her being a 12/13 year old 10th sacrifice and other a 15yo 9th). One of the first records of the former version comes from the newspaper reporter Aoki Junji (青木純二) and of the latter from a local historian Hashimoto Gyou/Takashi (橋本堯尚). Aoki's version is told by: アイヌの伝説と其情話 (Ainu no densetsu to sono jōwa), 北海道の口碑伝説 (Hokkaidō no kōhi densetsu), 北海道昔ばなし (Hokkaidō mukashibanashi), 伝説は生きている: 写真で見る北海道の口承文芸 (Densetsu wa ikiteiru: Shashin de miru hokkaidō no kōshō bungei). Hashimoto's version appears in: 北海道郷土史研究 (Hokkaidō kyōdoshi kenkyū), 昔話北海道 (Mukashibanashi Hokkaido), 少年少女日本伝説全集１, コタンの大蛇：小人のコロボックルほか(Kotan no Orochi).
Analysis
The tale shares similarities with tales about dragon-slaying around the globe. However, in this tale, a serpent takes the place of the dragon. It also resembles a Japanese legend of Susanoo and Yamata no Orochi, except in the Ainu version its a girl sacrifice who does the killing, not a male outsider. The legend of Sitonai, especially Aoki's version, also bears many similarities to the Chinese story Li Ji slays the Giant Serpent of a similar dragon sacrifice girl called Li Ji, up to the creature being a serpent, eight months being specified, and number of offerings. The offerings for a dragon/snake create merit comparison to rites of rain-making, closely related to the belief in dragon and snake gods, frequent in Hokkaido and having a history of being practiced in various places of Japan starting from the description in the Nihon Shoki (日本書紀).
Popular culture
Sitonai is a summonable servant in the mobile game Fate/Grand Order. She is an Alter-Ego class Servant summoned into the body of Illyasviel von Einzbern, a character from the Cast of Fate/Stay Night and so due to the Alter-Ego class being an amalgam of divine spirits, she is combined with the goddesses Louhi and Freyja.
See also
Dragonslayer (heroic archetype in fiction)
Benzaiten, slayer of serpent Vrtra
List of women warriors in folklore
Susanoo, slayer of eight-headed serpent Yamata no Orochi
Nezha, opponent of Dragon Prince Ao Bing
Chen Jinggu, slayer of the White Snake Demon
References
Ainu mythology
Ainu culture
Japanese folklore
Fictional women soldiers and warriors
Opera Cameos is a TV series which aired on the DuMont Television Network from November 8, 1953, to January 9, 1955. The program aired Sundays at 7:30pm ET, and was hosted by opera singer Giovanni Martinelli. A conductor on the program was Salvatore Dell'Isola.
Episodes status
The Paley Center for Media has eight episodes, with the remaining episodes presumed lost.
See also
List of programs broadcast by the DuMont Television Network
List of surviving DuMont Television Network broadcasts
1954-55 United States network television schedule
Bibliography
Barnes, Scott "Vintage Portraits", Opera News, November, 2007. Accessed via subscription 27 October 2008.
Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh, The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network TV Shows, Third edition (New York: Ballantine Books, 1964)
Alex McNeil, Total Television, fourth edition (New York: Penguin Books, 1980)
David Weinstein, The Forgotten Network: DuMont and the Birth of American Television (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 2004)
External links
DuMont historical website
DuMont Television Network original programming
Black-and-white American television shows
1953 American television series debuts
1955 American television series endings
Works about opera
is one of Japan's largest door-to-door delivery service companies, with a market share of 41%, competing closely with Sagawa Express and Nippon Express. Their head office is in Ginza, Tokyo. The company's trademarked term for their express door-to-door delivery service, was used, with permission, in the original Japanese title of (in which Yamato is a co-producer) instead of the generic term . Takkyūbin is sometimes used in Japan as a generic term for all express home delivery services, but the company defends the trademark to avoid it becoming genericized.
The company's logo is a yellow oval with a black cat carrying her kitten in her mouth, symbolizing the company's promise that they take care of items entrusted to them as though the items were their own family. The company is often colloquially referred to as 黒ねこ (Kuroneko) which means "black cat" in Japanese. The logo is as familiar in Japan as the Coca-Cola logo is in the United States. The logo was developed by founder Yasuomi Ogura.
Gallery
References
Yamato Holdings Annual Report 2008
Yamato Holdings Annual Report 2019
External links
Yamato Transport
Yamato Transport USA
Yamato Holdings
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Transport companies based in Tokyo
Logistics companies of Japan
Service companies based in Tokyo
Transport companies established in 1919
Japanese companies established in 1919
Müjde Uzman (born 26 September 1984) is a Turkish actress.
Career
In 2001, Uzman won the Elite Model Look contest. She then started working as a presenter on a number of music channels.
Uzman started her acting career in 2008 by taking a part in the series Paramparça Aşklar. In 2010, she appeared as a guest on the Kapalı Çarşı and Aşk Bir Hayal series. She subsequently had her breakthrough with recurring roles in Eşkıya Dünyaya Hükümdar Olmaz, Muhteşem Yüzyıl and Kiralık Aşk. Between 2018–2019, she portrayed the character of Funda Turaç in the Savaşçı TV series.
Aside from her career on television, she has had roles in a number of movies, including Recep İvedik 2, Hadi İnşallah and 8.
Filmography
References
External links
1984 births
Actresses from Istanbul
Turkish film actresses
Turkish television actresses
Turkish female models
Living people
The Astraea class was an eight ship class of protected cruisers built for the Royal Navy during the 1890s. The ships served on a number of foreign stations during their careers, particularly in the waters of the Indian and Pacific Oceans, and around the Cape of Good Hope. Already obsolete by the outbreak of the First World War, most continued to see service in a variety of roles, though rarely in a front line capacity. By the end of the war the majority were being used as training or depot ships, and they were soon sold out of the service and scrapped. However one ship, , was bought by the Marine Society and used as a training ship until 1940.
Design and construction
The eight ships were ordered under the provisions of the 1889 Naval Defence Act as an improved design of the preceding s. They were to displace 1000 tons more than the Apollos, and were to have improved sea-keeping abilities, and heavier and better placed armament. The result was a design with a full length deck that gave a higher freeboard amidships, and placed the main armament higher on the superstructure. Though this made them drier ships, the design was criticised for being a larger and more expensive development of the Apollos, but without offering any substantial increase in armament, speed or endurance. The increased weight did however make them more seaworthy, and the design provided the basis for the development of future protected cruisers. The ships were built at several of the principal navy dockyards: three at Devonport, two at Pembroke, and one each at Sheerness, Chatham and Portsmouth.
Service
All eight ships spent at least some time on foreign stations, particularly in the Indian and Pacific Oceans, and despite their obsolescence, all but went on to see service in a variety of roles during the First World War. was the first ship to be launched, in late 1892. She served on the Pacific Station during the early part of her career, but was converted into submarine depot ship in 1907. She spent the First World War serving in this role, and was sold for scrapping in 1920. The nameship of the class, , was the third of the class to be launched, on 17 March 1893, behind Bonaventure and . Astraea served on the China Station and in the Indian Ocean, before joining the Grand Fleet at the Nore in 1912. She moved to the Cape of Good Hope and West African Station in 1913, and spent the war there, bombarding Dar es Salaam and taking part in the blockade of . She was paid off after the war and was sold in 1920. Cambrian served on the Australia Station and in the Indian Ocean, before returning to Britain in 1913 to be paid off and put up for sale. The outbreak of the First World War led to the navy retaining her and commissioning her as a stoker's training ship named Harlech in 1916. She was renamed Vivid in 1921 and was sold in 1923.
Charybdis spent most of her career in British waters, with occasional voyages to the Indian Ocean and Far East commands. She became part of the 12th Cruiser Squadron on the outbreak of war, but was damaged in a collision in 1915 and was laid up at Bermuda. Used for harbour service from 1917 she was converted to a mercantile vessel and loaned to a shipping firm in 1918. She was returned to the navy in 1920, sold in 1922 and broken up the following year. also served in China and India, and was on the sale list on the outbreak of war. Retained for use as a depot ship, she was renamed Indus II in 1915 and was sold in 1922. served on the Cape and West African station, until being laid up and finally sold in 1914, the first of the class to leave service. served in British and East Indian waters in the pre-war period. She was particularly active off the East African and Egyptian coasts during the war, and was paid off and sold in 1920. HMS Hermione was the longest-lived of the class. Serving alternately in British waters and at the Cape, she was in reserve by the outbreak of war. She briefly became a guardship at Southampton, but by 1916 she was serving as the headquarters for coastal motor launches and motor torpedo boats. Paid off in 1919 she was sold to the Marine Society in 1922 and was renamed Warspite. She was finally broken up in 1940.
Ships
Notes
References
External links
Cruiser classes
Ship classes of the Royal Navy
ChemistrySelect is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all areas of chemistry and adjacent fields. It is published by Wiley-VCH on behalf of Chemistry Europe.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded and Scopus.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2021 impact factor of 2.307, ranking it 119th out of 179 journals in the category "Chemistry, Multidisciplinary".
References
External links
Chemistry Europe academic journals
Chemistry journals
Publications established in 2016
English-language journals
Wiley-VCH academic journals
Journals published between 27 and 51 times per year
This article gives statistics of the Latvian Higher League in association football in the 1974 season.
Overview
It was contested by 12 teams, and VEF won the championship.
League standings
Playoff
VEF 9-1 Elektrons
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Anthony Cope was a seventeenth-century Irish Anglican priest.
Cope was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was Archdeacon of Elphin from 1669 to 1670; Prebendary of Killaraght in Achonry Cathedral from 1673 to 1693; Dean of Elphin from 1683 to 1700; and Prebendary of Rasharkin in Lisburn Cathedral from 1700 until his death in 1705.
References
Deans of Elphin
Archdeacons of Elphin
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
1705 deaths
Theta Draconis, a name Latinized from θ Draconis, is a binary star system in the northern circumpolar constellation of Draco. It is faintly visible to the naked eye at night with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.12. Parallax measurements place it at an estimated distance of from the Sun, and it is drifting closer with a radial velocity of −8 km/s. It has a relatively high proper motion, traversing the celestial sphere at the rate of per year. O. J. Eggen included this star as a member of the NGC 1901 supercluster based on its space motion.
The binary nature of this system was discovered by W. W. Campbell in 1899, and the first set of orbital elements was published by H. D. Curtis in 1907. It is a single-lined spectroscopic binary in a close orbit with a period of 3.07 days and an eccentricity (ovalness) of 0.04. The secondary component has been resolved in the infrared H band, allowing an estimation of the mass ratio as . Some velocity variation of K1 was observed by M. Mayor and T. Mazeh in 1987, which is suggestive of a tertiary component to the system.
The primary component is a solar-type star that at various times has been assigned stellar classifications of F9 V and F8IV-V. The star is about two billion years old and is spinning with a projected rotational velocity of 31 km/s. It has a high metallicity (heavy element abundances) with around 20% more mass than the Sun and nearly three times the Sun's radius. The star displays no chromospheric emission and may be on or entering the subgiant stage. Because of the close orbit, it could be filling up to 60% of its Roche lobe. The star is radiating ten times the luminosity of the Sun from its photosphere at an effective temperature of .
Chinese name
In Chinese, (), meaning Left Wall of Purple Forbidden Enclosure, refers to an asterism consisting of θ Draconis, ι Draconis, η Draconis, ζ Draconis, υ Draconis, 73 Draconis, γ Cephei and 23 Cassiopeiae. Consequently, the Chinese name for θ Draconis itself is (, .), representing (), meaning The First Premier. 上宰 (Shǎngzǎi) is westernized into Shang Tsae by R.H. Allen with meaning "the Minor Steward" but it was for η Dra (Aldibain).
References
External links
F-type main-sequence stars
Spectroscopic binaries
Draco (constellation)
Draconis, Theta
Durchmusterung objects
Draconis, 13
144284
078527
5986
Samdup Taso (b. 1928; d. 29 October 2011, aged 83) was the last shaman to lead the indigenous Lepcha people of Sikkim (now part of India) in prayers to the mountain deity of Kanchenjunga, the world's third-highest mountain peak.
Taso was an hereditary priest (the "Bongthing"), who would lead prayers culminating in special rituals during the month of "Kursong" (February–March).
Taso did not nominate a successor, and left the native villagers in the remote Dzongu region of north Sikkim without a 'Khangchendzonga Bongthings' (priest), thus ending an 800-year ritual.
References
External links
Samdup Taso - obituary including picture
Indian religious leaders
1928 births
2011 deaths
Kim Min-seok (; born March 26, 1990), better known by his stage name Xiumin (; ), is a South Korean singer and actor. He is best known as a member of the South Korean-Chinese boy band Exo, its sub-group Exo-M and its sub-unit Exo-CBX.
Name
His stage name is a combination of the Chinese reading of hanja characters 秀 (xiù), which means great or show, and 珉 (mín) which is part of his birth name.
Life and career
1990–2013: Early life and career beginnings
Xiumin was born on March 26, 1990 in Seoul and grew up in Guri, Gyeonggi Province. He was a student at Catholic Kwandong University where he attended a seminar and gave a presentation for students in Applied Music. Xiumin learned martial arts and has a black belt in Kendo and Taekwondo. He also trained in Wushu and Fencing. Xiumin is also known as an avid fan of football, and is an honorary ambassador of the Korea Football Association.
Before Xiumin's participation in SM's Everysing Contest, he had auditioned for JYP entertainment in 2008 but was rejected.
In 2008, Xiumin won second place in the SM Everysing Contest. He later became a trainee through SM Entertainment's Casting System in the same year.
Xiumin was revealed as the seventh member of South Korean-Chinese boy group Exo in January 2012. The group debuted on April 8, 2012. In 2013, Xiumin made a guest appearance alongside actress Kim Yoo-jung in the music video for the song "Gone" by South Korean singer Jin, now a member of Lovelyz.
2015–2020: Acting roles and Exo-CBX
In January 2015, Xiumin made his musical theatre debut, playing the character of Aquila in the SM Entertainment musical School OZ alongside labelmates Changmin, Key, Luna, Suho and Seulgi. In October 2015, Xiumin played the leading role opposite actress Kim So-eun in the web drama Falling for Challenge. He also released his first solo song since debut titled "You Are the One" as a soundtrack of the web drama. Falling for Challenge was the most watched web drama in South Korea in 2015, reaching 20 million views just after 17 days.
In February 2016, Xiumin was featured in AOA member Jimin's solo single "Call You Bae", and appeared in its music video. In July 2016, he made his big screen debut alongside Yoo Seung-ho in the South Korean film Seondal: The Man Who Sells the River. In August 2016, he collaborated with fellow Exo members Chen, and Baekhyun on an original soundtrack titled "For You" for the television series Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo. In October 2016, together with Chen and Baekhyun, Xiumin became a member of Exo's first official sub unit Exo-CBX. The group made their debut with the extended play Hey Mama! on October 31.
In July 2017, Xiumin collaborated with NCT member Mark on a single titled "Young & Free" for S.M. Entertainment's digital music project Station. In August, he became a regular cast member on the MBC reality TV show It's Dangerous Beyond The Blankets.
Xiumin enlisted for his mandatory military service on May 7, 2019, serving active duty. He performed his final concerts before his enlistment with Exo-CBX's Magical Circus - Special Edition concert in Japan, and his solo fan meeting concert, Xiuweet Time, at Jamsil Arena on May 4. Following his enlistment, he released his debut solo single, "You", which is part of SM Station, on May 9. In August 2019, it was reported that Xiumin would be starring in an army musical titled "Return: The Promise of That Day" together with Shinee member Onew and Yoon Ji-sung, which ran from October 22 to December 1 at the Olympic Park's Woori Art Hall in Seoul. Xiumin took his final military leave in November 2020, and did not return to the army due to the military's policy on COVID-19; he was discharged on December 6.
2022: Solo debut
In August 2022, SM announced that Xiumin is planning to release his first solo album in late September. On September 5, SM released a teaser for his debut EP titled Brand New, set to be released on September 26.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Filmography
Film
Drama
Web series
Documentaries
Television shows
Web shows
Music videos
Theater
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Xiumin at SM Town
1990 births
Living people
Exo members
South Korean male singers
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male idols
K-pop singers
South Korean mandopop singers
South Korean pop singers
South Korean contemporary R&B singers
South Korean dance music singers
South Korean electronic music singers
South Korean male web series actors
Mandarin-language singers of South Korea
Japanese-language singers of South Korea
21st-century South Korean singers
Andreas Eigner (1801–1870), who was born at Diedldorf, Upper Palatinate, distinguished himself as a painter and a restorer of old pictures. He successfully employed alcoholic vapours, and a varnish of his own invention, to protect paintings against the destructive influence of the atmosphere. He was chiefly employed in the Galleries of Munich, Augsburg, Stuttgart, Carlsruhe, Basle, and Solothurn. He died at Augsburg in 1870.
See also
List of German painters
References
1801 births
1870 deaths
19th-century German painters
German male painters
People from Schwandorf (district)
Conservator-restorers
19th-century German male artists
Manzat (Manzât), also spelled Mazzi'at, Manzi'at and Mazzêt, sometimes known by the Sumerian name Tiranna (dTIR.AN.NA) was a Mesopotamian and Elamite goddess representing the rainbow. She was also believed to be responsible for the prosperity of cities.
In Elam she was worshiped in the lowlands in the proximity of Susa, especially in the area known as Hubshen, associated with the archaeological sites Deh-e Now and Tappeh Horreeye, while in Mesopotamia she was associated with Der, though there is also evidence that she was venerated in Nippur, Larsa and other cities.
Name
Manzat's name is an ordinary Akkadian noun and means "rainbow," though the word's precise etymology is uncertain. A Sumerian form of this goddess' name, Tir-anna ("bow of heaven") is also known, but it was most likely an artificial construct as the sign TIR generally stands for the Sumerian word qištu, "forest," which only acquired the additional meaning "bow" due to similarity to the Akkadian word qaštu, "bow." Tiranna is listed as an alternate name of Manzat in the Weidner god list (line 3') and in An = Anum. The writing dTIR.AN.NA was also used in the offering lists of the First Sealand dynasty, and sometimes in the writing of theophoric names elsewhere, to logographically represent the theonym Manzat.
Origin
It is generally assumed that Manzat had Akkadian origin. Odette Bowin argues that it is possible that she originated in Elam, as the earliest texts indicating she was worshiped in Mesopotamia were initially incorrectly dated to the Akkadian period, but were subsequently discovered to be from the Ur III period. As such they are more recent than the mention of this goddess in a treaty between the Akkadian Empire and an unspecified Elamite kingdom, and it is therefore possible that Manzat appears there as an Elamite, rather than Mesopotamian, goddess. However, the gods invoked in it are not exclusively Elamite, as indicated by the presence of Ilaba, Ishara, Ninkarrak and Ninurta. Additionally, according to Tonia Sharlach there is presently no evidence for the introduction of any Elamite deities in the archives of the Third Dynasty of Ur. However, Gary Beckman and Piotr Taracha argue that Pinikir, an Elamite astral goddess, was received by Hurrians from a Mesopotamian intermediary in the late third millennium BCE.
Character
As a representation of the rainbow, Manzat was a heavenly deity. Her epithets or alternate names attested in Mesopotamian texts include Ningišḫuranna (Sumerian: "lady of regulations of heaven"), Tabanna ("companion of heaven") and Urualšarra ("she who makes the city flourish"), while the Elamite king Hutelutush-Inshushinak addressed her as zana rišarri, "great lady"). Based on the last of the Mesopotamian epithets and their shared association with Simut, it is assumed Manzat is the same deity as Belet-ali, "lady of the city," and that she was believed to be responsible for the well-being of cities.
A single text refers to the claws (ri-it-ti) of Manzat.
The star Tiranna
It is possible Manzat shared her name with a star, mul(d)TIR.AN.NA, though Wilfred G. Lambert pointed out only the logographic Sumerian writing of the name (rather than the syllabic Akkadian and Elamite one) was used to refer to this celestial body, indicating that the star's name was Tiranna, perhaps meant to be understood as "the Bow Star" rather than "rainbow" in this case. According to Jeremy Black and Anthony Green, who unlike Lambert identify it simply as "Manzat", this star was represented as a horse head surrounded by a so-called "gate" on kudurru. However, Ursula Seid in her study of kudurru iconography concludes the horse head symbol should be connected to an unidentified possibly non-Mesopotamian local deity worshiped by highland communities in the proximity of modern Kirkuk. Tallay Ornan proposes it was a Kassite symbol. Maurits van Loon does propose that "gate" symbols in art represent the rainbow, but he explicitly states that his theory is not linked to Manzat, but rather to the rain goddess Shala. He points out that the temple of Shala and Adad at Chogha Zanbil was adjacent to that of Manzat. He considers it a possibility that figures of naked women cupping their breasts found at this site might represent a weather goddess (Shala or Manzat), and their jewelry - the rainbow.
Worship
Theophoric names attesting the worship of Manzat are known from both Elam and Mesopotamia, examples include Manzat-ili ("Manzat is my god"), Manzat-ummi ("Manzat is my mother"), Danum-Manzat ("Manzat is mighty"), Sha-Manzat ("He of Manzat"), Manzat-rabat ("Manzat is great") and Puzur-Manzat.
In Mesopotamia
Evidence for the worship of Manzat in Mesopotamia is relatively scarce. The earliest attestation of it are Akkadian personal names from Ur III period Girsu. She was also venerated in Larsa in the Old Babylonian period. Later she was among the deities worshiped in the territory of the First Dynasty of Sealand, where she received offerings during New Year celebrations. In offering lists from this area, she appears alongside Inanna of Larsa, and it is possible that her presence in the Sealand pantheon was the result of continuation of traditions of this city. Only a single theophoric name attesting the worship of Manzat is present in known Sealand documents.
Worship of Manzat is also attested from Nippur from between the Old Babylonian and Middle Babylonian periods. A sanctuary dedicated to her was located in that city, though its name is presently unknown. Additional evidence from the Kassite period includes two theophoric names. According to a topographical text, four shrines dedicated to Manzat existed in Babylon. A temple bearing the name E-Tiranna (E.dTIR.AN.NA, "house of the rainbow") existed in Kesh, one of two cult centers of Ninhursag. In the late second or first millennium BCE, Manzat was also worshiped in Der, as attested in a late hymn to Nanaya which lists her among city goddesses and spouses of city gods, alongside the likes of Shala (Karkar), Bau (Kish) and Ishtar (Uruk).
In the Weidner god list, Manzat (Tiranna) appears in the proximity of Šērum, the deification of red sky at morning, and Mahidanna, the personification of the morning star, believed to be an alternate name of the deity Kabta. She also appears in a god list known from Mari, though presumed to originate in southern Mesopotamia, in which she is placed between the medicine goddess Nintinugga and Mamu, a dream deity. Another western document mentioning her is a Hurrian god list from Emar, which explains the name Tir-an-na as ka-aš-te, the Hurrian word "bow."
In Elam
In Elam Manzat she appears for the first time in Naram-Sin's treaty with an unknown monarch, though it is commonly assumed that she should be regarded as an Akkadian deity in this case. References to the worship of Manzat are known chiefly from the Elamite lowlands, especially Susa and its surroundings, similarly as in the case of deities such as Lagamal, Pinikir, Adad and Shala. The sites og Deh-e Now and Tappeh Horreeye in particular were closely associated with her, and it is possible she was regarded as the city goddess in these locations. Based on epigraphic evidence it has been proposed that the Elamite city corresponding to modern Deh-e Now was known as Hubshen in antiquity, but Daniel T. Potts notes inscriptions only refer to a land, rather than specifically a city, bearing this name. Elamite king Igi-Halki restored an old kukunnu (Elamite: "high temple") of Manzat in Deh-e Now and left behind an inscription written in Akkadian according to which "Manzat-Ishtar" gave him "kingship over Susa and Anshan." Shutruk-Nahhunte claimed that he repaired a temple in this location built by his predecessors. The same king also built a temple dedicated to her and an enigmatic deity designated by the logogram NIN.DAR(.A) in Tappeh Horreeye, stating in his inscriptions that he hopes the invoked deity (presumably Manzat) will make the land of Hubshen happy. Kutir-Nahhunte likewise renovated a Manzat temple in Hubshen, presumably the same one as his predecessors.
A further location associated with Manzat was Pi-ša-an-ne, mentioned in a text from Susa. According to inscriptions of kings Shutruk-Nahhunte and Hutelutush-Inshushinak sites of worship of Manzat and Simut treated as a pair existed in Susa itself. Theophoric names invoking her are also attested in texts from Haft Tappeh, which might correspond to ancient Kabnak.
Inscriptions of Untash-Napirisha state that he built a temple of Manzat, referred to with the epithet "lady of the siyan kuk" ("sacred pretinct") in Chogha Zanbil. Belet-ali was worshiped in the same location alongside Simut. A siyan husame (Elamite: "temple in a grove") dedicated to Manzat is also attested, and on this basis it has been argued that such sanctuaries had no funerary function, contrary to a common assumption in scholarship based on the existence of siyan husame dedicated to underworld deities such as Inshushinak and Lagamal.
No attestations of Manzat from Elam are more recent than 1050 BCE, which might indicate that she was no longer worshiped there in the first millennium BCE, or that she only appears under a presently unidentified alternate name.
Associations with other deities
There is some evidence that in Mesopotamia Manzat was viewed as the wife of Ishtaran, the tutelary god of Der. Frans Wiggermann describes the source documenting this tradition as a "late theological text."
In Elamite sources Manzat often appears side by side with Simut, a deity known as "herald of the gods" and associated with the planet Mars, and in Mesopotamia by extension with Nergal. It is a common assumption in scholarship that they were regarded as a couple. In inscriptions from Deh-e Now Manzat appears with the deity NIN.DAR.A, who Daniel T. Potts identifies as a goddess. However, Wouter Henkelman assumes that NIN.DAR.A was male and that perhaps he can be identified with Simut. The name Nindara or Nindar originally belonged to a male Mesopotamian deity, the husband of the goddess Nanshe, who was worshiped in Lagash, Girsu and Ki'esa. It is uncertain if "Nergal of Hubshen" and "Aya of Hubshen" known from Assyrian sources are related to NIN.DAR.A and Manzat, also associated with this location.
In the Mesopotamian god list An = Anum Manzat appears without a husband, though an otherwise unknown son, Lugalgidda, as well as a sukkal (attendant deity), Sililitum, are assigned to her. Only one known copy of the list preserves the lines mentioning these deities, so a degree of textual corruption cannot be ruled out according to Wilfred G. Lambert. Lugalgidda's name is Sumerian, while Sililitum's is likely Semitic in origin. Sililitum was a female deity, as indicated by the label munusSUKKAL, "female vizier." She shared her name with the tenth month in the local calendar of Susa and according to Lambert with a type of bird (šinūnūtu). The possibility that Sililitum was related to Silili, a deity known exclusively from a single passage in the Epic of Gilgamesh, has been deemed unlikely by Andrew R. George.
Occasionally an association between Manzat and Ishtar is proposed in scholarship, usually based on the fact that (d)Tir-an-naki is a late writing of the name of Uruk, but according to Wilfred G. Lambert there is no strong evidence in favor of this theory. While a goddess known from the Old Assyrian trading colony Kanesh, Ištar-ZA-AT, is sometimes interpreted as "Ishtar of the rainbow" or outright as Manzat, it is unlikely that this is the proper reading of the name, and other interpretations, such as "Ishtar-erbat" have also been proposed. According to Daniel T. Potts the occurrence of "Manzat-Ishtar" in the Igi-Halki inscription from Deh-e Now is also not an indication of syncretism, and this name should be understood "the goddess Manzat." The use of ištar or ištarum as a common noun which could refer to any goddess, a synonym of iltum, the feminine form of ilu ("god"), goes back to the Old Babylonian period. To differentiate it from the name Ishtar, it was consistently written without the divine determinative. An example can be found in the brief description of Ishara in Atrahasis.
In a single Maqlû incantation, Manzat appears as the sister of the Mesopotamian sun god Shamash, and by extension as daughter of his parents, Ningal and Sin.
In a single Assyrian god list, Manzat's epithets were reassigned to Ninhursag.
Irene Sibbing-Plantholt argues that due to their similar role in international treaties, such as the treaty of Naram-Sin, Manzat can be compared to Ninkarrak.
References
Bibliography
See also
Rainbows in mythology
Elamite goddesses
Mesopotamian goddesses
Stellar goddesses
Sky and weather goddesses
In the teachings of Theosophy, the Manu is one of the most important beings at the highest levels of Initiation of the Masters of the Ancient Wisdom, along with Sanat Kumara, Gautama Buddha, Maitreya, the Maha Chohan, and Djwal Khul. According to Theosophy, each root race has its own Manu which physically incarnates in an advanced body of an individual of the old root race and physically progenerates with a suitable female partner the first individuals of the new root race. The Theosophical concept of the Manu is derived from the concept in Hinduism that the Manu was the being who was the progenitor of the human race.
When the Manu is spoken of in Theosophy, normally the "being" referred to, is the Vaivasvatu Manu.
Theosophy
In Theosophy, the Vaivasvatu Manu is regarded as the progenitor of the fifth root race, the Aryan root race. This progeneration is believed to have taken place 100,000 years ago in Atlantis.
The progenitor of the fourth root race, the Atlantean root race, is called the Chakshusha Manu and is in appearance an individual of the Mongolian race.
According to C.W. Leadbeater, a colony will be established in Baja California by the Theosophical Society under the guidance of the Masters of the Ancient Wisdom in the 28th century for the intensive selective eugenic breeding of the sixth root race. The Master Morya will physically incarnate in order to be the Manu ("progenitor") of this new root race.
Ascended master teachings
In the Ascended Master Teachings, a group of religions based on Theosophy, it is taught that the Vaivasvatu Manu has a twin flame, i.e., a divine complement or celestial wife. However, her name has not yet been revealed.
In the Ascended Master Teachings, the being C.W. Leadbeater called the "Chakshusha Manu" is referred to as Lord Himalaya. According to Elizabeth Clare Prophet, "Lord Himalaya" was the teacher of Maitreya when Maitreya incarnated in as one of the first individuals of the new Atlantean root race that was then being progenerated by the "Lord Himalaya" from the Lemurian root race—Maitreya served in the Garden of Eden, which was actually a mystery school of the Great White Brotherhood run by the "Lord Himalaya" that was located in what is now San Diego, California, which was then part of Lemuria.
See also
Hodgson Report
Seven Rays
References
Further reading
Education in the New Age. Lucis Publishing Company. 1940
The Light of the Soul. Lucis Publishing Company
The Destiny of the Nations. Lucis Publishing Company
The Externalisation of the Hierarchy. Lucis Publishing Company
Campbell, Bruce F. A History of the Theosophical Movement Berkeley:1980 University of California Press
Godwin, Joscelyn The Theosophical Enlightenment Albany, New York: 1994 State University of New York Press
Johnson, K. Paul The Masters Revealed: Madam Blavatsky and Myth of the Great White Brotherhood Albany, New York: 1994 State University of New York Press
Melton, J. Gordon Encyclopedia of American Religions 5th Edition New York:1996 Gale Research ISSN 1066-1212 Chapter 18--"The Ancient Wisdom Family of Religions" Pages 151-158; see chart on page 154 listing Masters of the Ancient Wisdom; Also see Section 18, Pages 717-757 Descriptions of various Ancient Wisdom religious organizations.
External links
Theosophical University Press: Madame Blavatsky and other theosophists
Ascended Master Teachings
Stephen W. Gard is a Professor of Law at Cleveland-Marshall College of Law in Cleveland, Ohio.
After earning his B.A. from DePauw University he went on to earn his J.D. from Indiana University (where he was an editor of the Indiana Law Review) and subsequently an LL.M. from the University of Chicago.
Professor Gard was in private practice before beginning his law teaching career at Gonzaga University. During his time at Cleveland-Marshall, he has written widely in the area of First Amendment rights. He has written briefs in cases before the United States Supreme Court and has testified before Congressional Committees on labor reform.
Gard was previously married to Connie Schultz, columnist for The Plain Dealer and wife of U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown.
External links
Profile page at Cleveland State University
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American legal scholars
DePauw University alumni
Indiana University alumni
Gonzaga University faculty
Cleveland State University faculty
University of Chicago Law School alumni
The Ramdasia were historically a Sikh Hindu sub-group that originated from the caste of leather tanners and shoemakers known as Chamar
Terminology
Ramdasia is a term used in general for Sikhs whose ancestors belonged untouchables Chamar caste. Originally they are followers of Guru Ravidass who belongs to Chamar community. Both the words Ramdasia and Ravidasia are also used inter changeably while these also have regional context. In Puadh and Malwa, largely Ramdasia in used while Ravidasia is predominantly used in Doaba.
Ramdasia Sikhs are enlisted as scheduled caste by Department of Social justice, Empowerment and Minorities- Government of Punjab. On Department's list of Scheduled Caste, this caste is listed on serial number 9 along with other Chamar caste synonymous such as Ravidasia, Jatav and so on.
Military service
British Raj
During World War I the single-battalion regiments of the Mazhabi and Ramdasia Sikh Pioneers – the 23rd, 32nd and 34th Pioneer Regiments – were expanded to comprise three battalions each. These units served in Egypt, Europe, Mesopotamia and Palestine and performed well. The 1/34th Sikh Pioneers were awarded the title of "Royal".
The Ramdasia Sikhs, together with the Majhabi Sikhs, were recruited to the Sikh Light Infantry regiment (SLI) after its formation in 1941. The Sikh Light Infantry has always been a "single class" regiment in the parlance adopted from the British Raj era. This means that it recruits only from one demographic, which in this instance means the Ramdasia Sikhs and Mazhabi Sikhs. Indeed, the SLI was initially called the Mazhabi & Ramdasia Sikh Regiment. Despite unwillingness among some policymakers, the British had to abandon their traditional distinction between martial and non-martial races during the Second World War. This was necessitated by the need for more recruits than could be supplied by those communities upon which they usually relied, such as the Jat Sikhs, Dogras and Punjabi Musalmans. In addition, indiscipline among Jat Sikhs caused by their concerns regarding a post-war division of India was another reason to prefer recruitment of new classes. While recruitment from the pre-war martial classes was still pre-eminent, that from newly recognised classes such as the Ramdasias and Mazhabis became significant.
After independence of India
When India became independent in 1947, the British Indian Army became the Indian Army. This, like its predecessor, relies on the martial race theory for much of its recruitment and thus there is a grossly disproportionate number of Sikhs within its ranks. The Ramdasias Sikhs amd Mazhabi Sikhs continued their service with the SLI in the new army. The SLI has served in almost all of the post-1947 conflicts involving India, including the wars with Pakistan in 1947, 1965 and 1971, the Hyderabad Police Action of 1948 and the Chinese aggression in 1962. It has also served in Sri Lanka, where the 1st, 7th, 13th and 14th Battalions have contributed towards peace-keeping.
Hindu Ramdasia
This sect of Ramdasia having faith in Hinduism and they're mostly residing in Pathankot, Jammu, Himachal Pradesh and Jalandhar. Hindu Ramdasia migrated from Pakistan and back in Sialkot, these Ramdasia were involved in Leather/Sports Goods Business. After migrating in Jalandhar they established their own Tanneries and Sports Goods manufacturing Units. For This purpose Government of Punjab, India helped them by providing liberal loans and allotting sites for their Factories Hindu Ramdasia's are staunch follower of Guru Ravidass and they follow Dera Swami Gurdeep Giri ji, Pathankot. According to Department of Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of India Ramdasias are listed as Chamar Caste on serial number 4 and 14 for Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh respectively.
Ramdasia Religious faith
Ramdasia community having faith in Guru Ravidas and they have established several shrines dedicate to him. In India first recognized shrine was constructed in Kolkata and outside India first shrine was established on Fiji island in 1939 in Nasinu. In Nasinu first Sikh Gurdwara dedicated to Guru Ravidas was constructed by migrants from Doaba region of Punjab.
Demographics
Census, there were 3,095,324 Chamars in the Indian state of Punjab, of whom 1,017,192 declared themselves as Ad-Dharmi Chamar and 2,078,132 declared themselves as Ramdasia/Ravidasia Chamar. According to this Census, during the same year the population of Sikh Ramdasia/Ravidasia and Hindu Ramdasia/Ravidasia in Punjab was 1,443,079 and 629,157 respectively.
Most of the Hindu Ramdasias (Counted along with other Chamar Caste Synonyms such as Ravidasia and Jatav) living in the Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Haryana. , there were 212,032 Ramdasia in Jammu and Kashmir, comprising 209,512 Hindus, 2,486 Sikhs and 34 Buddhists, 2,429,137 lived in Haryana (2,390,403 Hindu, 37,191 Sikh and 1,543 Buddhists) and 458,838 resided in Himachal Pradesh (453,871 Hindu, 4,887 Sikh and 80 Buddhists)
Ramdasia Diaspora and Guru Ravidass Temples and Gurdwaras
Ramdasia Sikh diaspora alongside Ravidassia from doaba emigrated from India and Pakistan is significant. Emigration from the Punjab began before and after the 19th century, with many Ravidasia/Ramdasia Sikhs settling in Europe, and also a large Ravidasia/Ramdasia Sikhs population in North America mainly in the United States and the Canada. There is sizeable population of Ravidasia/Ramdasia Sikhs in Oceania as well.
Today they have presence in every major city of world where they have also established Guru Ravidass Gurdwaras and Sikh Temples.
Fiji
Guru Ravidass Gurdwara (Nasinu Sikh Temple), Nasinu (Established in 1939)
New Zealand
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Bombay Hills, Auckland (Established in 1991)
Guru Ravidas Temple, Hastings (Established in 2007)
Gurdwara Begampura Sikh Temple, Papakura (Established in 2008)
Australia
Guru Ravidas Gurdwara, Campbellfield, Melbourne (Established in 1996)
England
Shri Guru Ravidas Bhavan, Birmingham
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Southall
Shri Guru Ravidass Community Centre, Handsworth
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Wolverhampton
Shri Guru Ravidass Community Centre, Wolverhampton
Shri Guru Ravidas Temple - Coventry
Shri Guru Ravidass Community Centre, Coventry
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Hockley
Shri Guru Ravidas Temple - Foleshill
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Bradford
Shri Guru Ravidass Gurdwara - Bedford
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple - Darlaston
Guru Ravidass Sabha Community Centre, Derby
Shri Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple - Derby
Shri Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Leicester
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple - Willenhall
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple - Walsall
Shri Guru Ravidass Gurdwara - Erith Kent
Shri Guru Ravidass Mission Temple, London
Shri Guru Ravidass Gurdwara and Community Centre- Hitchin
Shri Guru Ravidass Gurdwara- Newham, London
Guru Ravidass Sabha, Northampton
Dera Baba Gobind Dass, Guru Ravidass Sabha, Bilston
Shri Guru Ravidass Gurdwara - Gravesend
Shri Guru Ravi Dass Sabha - Letchworth
Shri Guru Ravidass Bhavan - Luton
Shri Guru Ravidass Gurdwara- Strood, Medway
Shri Guru Ravidass Gurdwara - Southampton
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Glasgow
United States of America
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Pittsburg, California
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Fresno
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Rio linda
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Union City
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Yuba City
Guru Ravidass Gurdwara, Selma
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Houston
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, New York
Guru Ravidass Sabha, DFW, Texas
Canada
Guru Ravidass Gurdwara, Burlington
Guru Ravidass Sabha, Brampton
Guru Ravidas Temple, Etobicoke,Toronto (Not in operation anymore and 40 acre land has been purchased by this shrine for the construction of new building in Caledon)
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple,Montreal
Guru Ravidass Sabha, Edmonton
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple, Vancouver
Guru Ravidass Gurdwara and Community Centre, Calgary
Greece
Shri Guru Ravidas Darbar, Koropi, Athens
Italy
Shri Guru Ravidass Dham, Bergamo
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Verona
Shri Guru Ravidass Gurdwara, Gorlago
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Vicenza
Guru Ravidass Temple, Sabaudia
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Manerbio
Shri Guru Ravidass Darbar, Velletri
Shri Guru Ravidas Darbar, Mantova
Shri Guru Ravidass Bhavan , Treviso
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Brescia
Shri Guru Ravidass Dharam Asthan, Reggio Emilia
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Montevrchi Arrizo
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Capaccio Salerno
Shri Guru Ravidass Temple, Sabaudia
Germany
Guru Ravidass Temple, Frankfurt
Austria
Guru Ravidass Temple,Vienna
Holland
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple,Den Haag
Guru Ravidass Temple,Amsterdam
Spain
Guru Ravidass Temple, Barcelona
Guru Ravidass Dham, Girona
Belgium
Guru Ravidass Sikh Temple,Oostende
France
Guru Ravidass Gurdwara, Paris
Guru Ravidass Temple, Le blanc Mesnil
See also
Ravidasia
Chamar
Sikh Light Infantry
Jatav
Sikhism
Ad-Dharmi
Ahirwar
Chambhar
References
Sikh communities
Social groups of Punjab, India
Spinoso is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Alexander Harper (February 5, 1786December 1, 1860) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for three different non-consecutive tenures in the mid-19th century.
Biography
Born near Belfast in the Kingdom of Ireland, Harper immigrated to the United States and settled in Zanesville, Ohio. He pursued preparatory studies, studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1813, and commenced practice in Zanesville. He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1820 and 1821. He served as president judge of the Court of Common Pleas 1822–1836.
Congress
Harper was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1837 – March 3, 1839). He was later elected to the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Congresses (March 4, 1843 – March 3, 1847). He served as chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office Department (Twenty-eighth Congress), and was on the Committee on Patents (Twenty-eighth Congress).
Harper was again elected to the Thirty-second Congress (March 4, 1851 – March 3, 1853). He resumed the practice of law.
Death
He died in Zanesville on December 1, 1860, and was interred in Greenwood Cemetery.
Sources
1786 births
1860 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state court judges
Politicians from Zanesville, Ohio
Politicians from Belfast
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Jamila Gilani (; ; also spelled Jamila Gallani) is a Pashtun nationalist politician who is the spokesperson of the National Democratic Movement (NDM). She served as a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013. She is an activist in the Pashtun Tahafuz Movement (PTM), a social movement campaigning for Pashtun human rights. She was formerly the central joint secretary of the Awami National Party (ANP).
Early life
Gilani was born on 5 January 1960 in Mardan, Khyber Pukhtunkhwah, Pakistan. Her father, Mian Farid Khan, was an active member of the Khudai Khidmatgar movement and other left oriented movements. His hotel well known as Mia Srai was the hub of progressive political activists. She got politics in inheretince from childhood due to her father's active role in politics.
Political career
Gilani was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP) on a seat reserved for women from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
On 12 November 2018, she left ANP in protest when the party suspended the memberships of Bushra Gohar and Afrasiab Khattak.
References
1960 births
Awami National Party politicians
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
People from Mardan District
Pakistani human rights activists
Living people
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
National Democratic Movement (Pakistan) politicians
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1933 season.
Overview
It was contested by 8 teams, and Olimpija won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1
Latvia
Latvia
Raibidpura is a large village in the Nimar region of Madhya Pradesh. Located about 25km from Khargone city, it is famed for the huge popularity of contract bridge among its populace.
References
Villages in Khargone district
"We Can Get It On" is the first single from Yo Gotti's fifth album, Live from the Kitchen. It was released on iTunes on May 10, 2011, for digital download.
Background
The song originally leaked in 2010 featuring R&B singer Ciara. But on the single's release date of May 10, 2011, Ciara's vocals were replaced by female singer Kayla Shelton & the bridge by Ciara was removed.
Music video
The music video was released on June 22, 2011. It was directed by Gabriel Hart. The video shows Yo Gotti sitting on the side of a pool performing to the camera and holding his girlfriend. There is also a scene where Yo Gotti is standing against a car. Ciara was not featured in the music video.
Chart performance
As of the week of July 9, 2011, "We Can Get It On" had charted at number 23 on US Billboard Hot Rap Songs. The song debuted on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart 16 weeks before it debuted on the rap chart. The week of July 23, 2011, it had peaked at number 31 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop chart.
Charts
References
2011 singles
2011 songs
Yo Gotti songs
J Records singles
Song recordings produced by Drumma Boy
Music videos directed by Gabriel Hart
Songs written by Yo Gotti
Songs written by Drumma Boy
Joan Castle "J. C." Joseff (August 12, 1912 – March 24, 2010) was an American jeweler and businesswoman, owner of Joseff of Hollywood and Joseff Precision Metal Products from 1948 to 2010.
Early life
Gladys Ellice Joan Castle was born in Cochrane, Alberta and raised in Oregon, the daughter of Edgar W. Castle and Lottie Elizabeth Coates Castle. Her father was born in the United States, and her mother was born in England. She earned a bachelor's degree in psychology from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Career
Castle began working at Joseff of Hollywood as a secretary, and in time married the owner. She was a widow with a small son when she took over her husband's businesses in 1948, and continued both. Joseff of Hollywood researched, created and rented jewelry for the film industry, and under her leadership, also for television programs, including Queen for a Day and I Love Lucy. She also launched a retail line of Joseff jewelry, sold in department stores nationwide, and represented her company's aesthetic in publicity stills with movie stars.
She also ran Joseff Precision Metal Products, which made precision parts for aviation and aerospace manufacturers, beginning during World War II. "Making precision parts and precision jewelry is very similar," she assured The New York Times in a 1950 profile. In 1958, she was named Successful Business Woman by the Los Angeles chapter of the National Association of Accountants. She never officially resigned the position of president, but in the 1990s her daughter-in-law Tina Joseff became general manager of the family businesses.
Joseff was active in the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce and in Republican Party politics; she twice served as a delegate to the Republican National Convention. In 2004, the Republican National Congressional Committee's Business Advisory Council named Joseff "Businesswoman of the Year".
Personal life
Joan Castle married Eugene Joseff in 1942. Their son Jeffrey was born in 1947. Eugene Joseff died in a plane crash in 1948. Joan Joseff lived in Toluca Lake, and died in 2010, aged 97 years, in Burbank. In 2017, over 600 pieces of Joseff jewelry, many seen in classic films, were sold at auction in Los Angeles.
References
External links
1912 births
2010 deaths
People from Cochrane, Alberta
American women in business
American jewellers
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
21st-century American women
Women jewellers
The princedom of San Donato was created by Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany, for the Russian Italophile Anatoly Nikolaievich Demidov in 1840, so that Demidov could marry Mathilde Bonaparte, niece of Napoleon, without her losing her title of Princess.
The title was never recognized in Russia. It was named after Villa San Donato, the Demidov family's villa, built by the first prince's father near Florence.
List of holders
Anatoly Nikolaievich Demidov, 1st Prince of San Donato (1813-1870), Prince from 1840 creation, died without legitimate issue
Pavel Pavlovich Demidov, 2nd Prince of San Donato (1839-1885), nephew of the former
Elim Pavlovich Demidov, 3rd Prince of San Donato (1868-1943), son of the former
Anatoly Pavlovich Demidov, 4th Prince of San Donato (1874-1943), half-brother of the former
The lap desk is a desk set in the lap. In the European tradition, it can be considered a modern form of the portable desk.
Antique lap desk
As an antique the lap desk is a smaller variant of the writing slope. It is also called a writing box or a writing cabinet. In certain instances it is known as a portable desk, a term which is usually applied to larger forms. Most antique lap desks are meant to be used on a table or some other stable surface. They are often strongly built of fine hardwoods like mahogany or walnut.
Antique lap desks had hinged writing surfaces, often covered in leather, felt, or other material, that flip up to reveal storage space for papers. Individual compartments were designed to hold inkwells, pens, sealing wax, and other contemporary writing materials. Some desks also had concealed storage compartments.
Modern lap desk
As a modern form the lap desk is meant primarily for use in bed and other similar circumstances, it is also known as a bed desk. There are a wide variety of forms available, but as a rule it is much smaller and simpler than the antique lap desk, having at the most a small drawer or holding area for a ballpoint pen and a pencil. It is also made of much cheaper materials, save for a few craft productions.
Certain lap desks have a removable monopod, which makes them collapsible cousins to the lectern desk. Others have two short collapsible legs, so that they can be used both in bed and on a lap, when the legs are folded. Finally, some come with a built-in battery powered lamp, continuing the tradition of those antique lap desks and writing slopes which had swinging or hinged brass candleholders built in. Some new lap desks now have a built-in cup holder.
Most modern lap desks are considered specialty items and very few furniture dealers keep them in stock. They are present, however, in a large number of catalogs and on some commercial Web sites.
There are also lap desks made for laptop computers. These desks were designed not only to raise the laptops from their surrounding environments (such as beds), but they were also designed to provide extra clearances to provide adequate air circulation to the laptops. Some of them are also equipped with extra fans to increase air circulation.
See also
List of desk forms and types
Pilot's kneeboard
References
Charron, Andy. Desks: Outstanding Projects from America's Best Craftsmen. Taunton press, 2000. pp. 20-33.
Considine, Brian. Shaker Lap Desk: A challenging exercise in hand dovetailing. Fine Woodworking. No. 2. Spring 1976 pp. 48-49.
Mehler, Kelly. Walnut Lap Desk: Cutting corners with finger joints. Fine Woodworking. No. 69. spring 1976. March-April 1988. pp. 54-57.
Schleining, Lon. Thomas Jefferson's Writing Desk. Fine Woodworking. No. 144. September-October 2000. pp. 64-71.
Desks
Furniture
Antiques
Blagoje Paunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Благоје Пауновић; 4 June 1947 – 9 December 2014) was a Serbian football defender and manager.
Playing career
Born in Pusto Šilovo, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, he started his youth career in FK Partizan as a nine-year-old, although minimum age required to start playing for Partizan youths was ten. He was spotted by Partizan coach Virgil Popescu who insisted in bringing him over. Apart from short spell abroad, Blagoje spent most of his time in Partizan and, as a player or coach, he was part of Partizan for almost half a century. Paunović played for ten seasons with FK Partizan, amassing nearly 300 official appearances with the Belgrade club. During the 70's, he formed an efficient backline alongside Dragan Holcer and Miroslav Pavlović.
At 28, in 1975, Paunović joined FC Utrecht in the Netherlands. After two seasons abroad he returned home for a spell with OFK Kikinda, played briefly in the United States by representing the Oakland Stompers of the North American Soccer League and closed out his career also in his country's capital, with lowly FK Sinđelić; whilst in North America, he played under the name Paki Paunovich.
On the international level, Paunović played a total of 39 matches for Yugoslavia, making his debut on 12 November 1967 in a 4–0 home win against Albania for the UEFA Euro 1968 qualifiers, and participating at the final stages in Italy.
Coaching career
In the 1994–95 campaign Paunović, already a coach, was one of five managers in charge of Spain's CD Logroñés, which ranked last in La Liga with an all-time low 13 points. In 2009, after a long spell with Partizan's youth teams, he signed with Serbian first division side FK Smederevo.
Personal life
Paunović's son, Veljko, was also a footballer and later manager of Chicago Fire, Reading, and the Serbian U18, U19, and U20 teams. He too started his extensive career with Partizan, but played mainly in Spain.
References
External links
National team data
NASL stats
1947 births
2014 deaths
People from Medveđa
Yugoslav footballers
Serbian footballers
Association football defenders
Yugoslav First League players
FK Partizan players
OFK Kikinda players
Eredivisie players
FC Utrecht players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Oakland Stompers players
Yugoslavia international footballers
UEFA Euro 1968 players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Serbian football managers
La Liga managers
CD Logroñés managers
FK Teleoptik managers
FK Smederevo managers
Serbian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Spain
FK Partizan non-playing staff
Burials at Belgrade New Cemetery
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
FK Sinđelić Beograd players
The Ireland A cricket team toured Sri Lanka to play 2 first-class matches and 5 List-A matches against Sri Lanka A cricket team Ahead of the First-class series Ireland Wolves team also played a two-day warm-up match against a Sri Lanka Board Presidents XI.
Tour Match
Two-day : Sri Lanka Board President XI v/s Ireland Wolves
First-Class series
1st Unofficial Test
2nd Unofficial Test
List A Series
1st Unofficial ODI
2nd Unofficial ODI
3rd Unofficial ODI
4th Unofficial ODI
5th Unofficial ODI
References
Sri
Ireland
Irish cricket tours of Sri Lanka
International cricket tours of Sri Lanka
Halsted Sayer Cobden (20 November 1845 – 5 January 1909) was an English cricketer. He played four matches for Gloucestershire in 1872. His brother, Frank Cobden, also played first-class cricket.
References
1845 births
1909 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
People from Marylebone
Cricketers from Greater London
Mesut Ünal (born 3 April 1973) is a Turkish former footballer who played as a centre-back, best known for his Süper Lig stints with Bursaspor and Sakaryaspor.
Club career
A youth product of Bursaspor, Ünal made his professional debut with Bursaspor in a 1–0 Süper Lig loss to Zeytinburnuspor on 14 November 1993. He had several spells with Bursaspor throughout his career, and also spent time with Sakaryaspor.
International career
Ünal made one appearance with the Turkey U21s in a 1996 UEFA European Under-21 Championship 2-0 qualification win over Switzerland U21 on 24 April 1995.
Personal life
Mesut's son, Enes Ünal, is also a professional footballer and international for Turkey.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Footballers from Istanbul
Turkish footballers
Association football central defenders
Turkey youth international footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
TFF Second League players
Bursaspor footballers
Sakaryaspor footballers
Altay S.K. footballers
Balıkesirspor footballers
Mount Homard () is a mountain high, near the head of Blaiklock Glacier, south of the Trey Peaks in the western part of the Shackleton Range, Antarctica. It was first mapped in 1957 by the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition and was named for Sergeant Major Desmond E.L. Homard, an engineer with the advance and transpolar parties of the expedition, 1955–58.
References
Mountains of Coats Land
Dichogama colotha is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Costa Rica, Mexico and the United States, where it has been recorded from Texas. It is also found in Puerto Rico.
The wingspan is 28–36 mm. The forewings are white, but black from the costa to the outer line. The hindwings are white, with a dark grey terminal shade. Adults are on wing from June to October.
References
Moths described in 1912
Dichogamini
Established in 2007, RAK Hospital, the flagship brand of Arabian Healthcare Group is recognized as one of the United Arab Emirates's most acclaimed private hospitals. Built on the premise of bringing superior quality medical facilities to the doorstep of the local community as well as to serve the international medical tourists, the hospital offers outstanding infrastructure, the finest medical acumen, excellent patient services yet remains affordable. The campus includes state-of-the art diagnostic facilities, surgical programs, operating theatre, cardiac labs, a stroke unit, and rehabilitation programs.
A private tertiary care, multi-speciality hospital and a four-time recipient of the US based Joint Commission International accreditation; the hospital has been specially designed as a premium healthcare and hospitality destination by US-based Ellerbe Becket of Mayo Clinic repute. The two sprawling buildings boast a built-up area of 140,000 sq ft, across three levels. All the rooms are premium category, with a capacity of 65 beds which is being tripled to accommodate the growing demand. The institution is all set to become a 200-bed facility by 2024 as a result of its collaboration with CommonSpirit Health a leading U.S. healthcare provider.
Just an hour away from the Dubai International Airport, RAK Hospital has played a pivotal role in strengthening the UAE's position in the field of medical tourism by catering to a large number of patients who visit the country for cost-effective and reliable medical care. The hospital has been attracting international patients from GCC, Africa and several South Asian countries continuously. Additionally, to ease procedures for foreign patients, it has set up representative offices running in several countries comprising Ethiopia, Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana and Oman.
Areas of specialization
Hundreds of testimonials have proved the clinical acumen of RAK Hospital as a leading healthcare institution. However, it is not just the medical and technical prowess that gives the hospital its sterling reputation; the unified effort of the entire workforce ensures that every single person who enters the premises feels confident, reassured and at peace. At the same time, the hospital is continuously updating its areas of excellence, while introducing more specializations to meet the increasing demand.
The centres of advanced healthcare at the hospital include:
Interventional Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery
Orthopedic Surgery
Laparoscopic Surgeries and Bariatric Surgery
Neuro and Spine Surgery
Urology
RAK Eye Care Centre
Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation
Swiss Health Check
Interventional Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery
A forerunner in cardiac surgery, RAK Hospital boasts of a fully equipped 24/7 cardiac catheterization lab and full electrophysiology set-up and is prepared to handle emergency situations and high-risk surgeries with a high success rate. The department offers services such as treatment of angina, arrhythmia, blockage of coronary arteries, valvular heart disease, as well as the full range of heart surgery. Unique in the UAE is the fact that coronary heart surgery at the hospital is performed on 'beating heart' – a bigger challenge for the team but truly optimizing the outcomes.
Orthopedic Surgery (Bone and Joint Centre)
RAK Hospital prides itself in revolutionizing the orthopaedic care in the UAE, introducing gyroscope-based knee implantation and the use of stem cell therapy in the treatment of arthritis and other joint related issues. The Centre offers expert diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation for adults and children with bone, joint or connective tissue disorders.
Laparoscopic Surgeries and Bariatric Surgery
RAK Hospital has conducted several laparoscopic and bariatric surgery, gaining reputation for resolving critical and complicated procedures successfully. Backed by skilled surgeons who are adept at carrying out such procedures, the hospital has gained increasing trust among the local population as well as medical tourists who look to the hospital to provide them excellent surgical expertise. Practically all major surgeries are performed minimally invasive with major benefits for the patients when it comes to postoperative recovery time and comfort.
Neuro and Spine Surgery
Comprising neuro ICU, advanced radiology imaging and neuro-rehabilitation facilities, the Neuro and Spine Centre is fully equipped to deal with several complicated and high-risk surgeries. The Centre further offers round-the-clock emergency stroke management, specializing in diagnosis and management of low back pain, neck pain and paralysis, pediatric neurosurgery, diagnosis and management of chronic headaches and neuro-oncology services for brain, skull base and spinal tumour.
RAK Eye Care Centre
The first fully dedicated eye speciality centre in Emirate of Ras Al Khaimah, the facility is equipped with the latest eye-care technologies and surgical platforms. The centre offers a wide range of procedures and services including cataract surgery, refractive surgery including femto laser LASIK corrections, glaucoma and vitreo retinal surgeries.
Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation
The hospital's Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Unit offers diverse treatments to enable people to overcome issues related to mobility, walk and balance disorders, abnormal gait pattern, poor posture and injury among other problems. In addition, the department has a strong focus on resolving challenges pre- and post-surgeries including rehabilitation after cardiac and neuro events and procedures.
Swiss Health Checks
Based on RAK Hospital's association with Sonnenhof Swiss Health, the well-known, leading healthcare group from Switzerland, top-quality care and service remain the prime focus. Following those standards, the hospital offers Swiss Health Checks. Many medical tourists avail this comprehensive service that also covers the stay at the hospital, UAE visa and complimentary transportation from [Dubai] to Ras Al Khaimah and back home. The services include exclusive packages for men and women with several tests and investigations at an affordable cost. With as much focus on prevention as on treatment, the hospital is also constantly educating the population on ways to live a healthy life, free of physical or mental stress.
Awards and achievements
With several achievements under its belt, RAK Hospital has been repeatedly recognised on various platforms for its contribution to the UAE's healthcare industry and for its unique and innovative model.
Innovations
Among the key drivers of RAK Hospital's growth is the innovative approach to healing. The hospital is known for providing many pioneering treatments and advanced procedures in the country. Some of the examples include:
The first hospital in the UAE to perform cervical spine surgery using 3D printing technology and also multilevel hybrid cervical spine surgery.
The first hospital to open a dedicated cardiac catheterization laboratory' in the Northern Emirates of the UAE.
Launched the first dedicated Neurosurgery and Spine Centre in the Northern Emirates.
Introduced revolutionary stem-cell therapy for the treatment of arthritis and other joint related issues.
The first hospital to perform a successful artificial cervical disc replacement surgery in the UAE.
Launched gyroscope-based technology for more accurate alignment in knee replacement surgeries.
Launched the life-saving and non-surgical balloon dilatation procedure for cardiac malformation.
The first hospital in the UAE to introduce Multiplex PCR for accurate diagnostic testing of infectious diseases with a molecular biology and genetic testing division.
The first hospital in the UAE to introduce painless stapled haemorrhoidectomy.
Successful correction of a rare ileocaecal atresia in a one-day old new-born. In a 2-day old new-born, successful correction of mal-rotated bowel. In a 5-year-old child, after 3 unsuccessful operations abroad and other mal-rotated gut was corrected.
Successful laparoscopic diagnosis and operation of a rare gastrointestinal stromal tumor of the small bowel.
Successful thoracoscopy removal of a mediastinal cyst in a 5-year-old child and successful repair of a ruptured oesophagus (Boerhaave syndrome).
The first hospital in the UAE to fully integrate the concept of wellness and spa services into treatments.
The first hospital in the UAE to introduce the DAISY Award for to honour extraordinary nurses.
Providing an easy, safer and non-invasive alternative for the treatment of enlarged prostate, RAK Hospital introduced a brand new innovative prostate steam treatment REZUM' water-vapour treatment for men suffering with enlarged prostate. The quick procedure takes only about 20 minutes and is a non-surgical option for benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
Neurologists at RAK Hospital are now using the new anti-CGRP therapy, a specific treatment designed to cut down the frequency of headaches. The anti-CGRP therapy targets CGRP – the protein known for causing migraine, reducing the frequency, severity, and duration of the headache episodes effectively. The treatment has already proved to be a huge success whilst showing a significant drop in migraine episodes by 50% to 60% every month.
RAK Hospital COVID-19 initiatives
The institution introduced Bamlanivimab monoclonal antibody therapy, a highly effective antibody treatment against COVID-19 which greatly reduces the risk of hospitalization or progression to severe disease, need for artificial ventilation and potential bad outcome
Launched a state-of-the-art laboratory for genotyping of the COVID-19 virus which helps detect mutations of the coronavirus, a crucial tool to help health systems stay ahead of outbreaks.
Unveiled Middle East's first ever comprehensive complimentary online COVID-19 rehabilitation program for COVID-19 long-haulers. The initiative was launched in association with ARISE UAE, the Private Sector Alliance for Disaster Resilient Societies, a network of private sector entities led by the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNDRR). This sparked a lot of interest from the global media, establishing hospital's leadership on the subject.
References
Hospitals in the United Arab Emirates
Hospitals established in 2007
Naranjo is a district of the Naranjo canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.
Geography
Naranjo has an area of km² and an elevation of metres. It is in the Central Valley (Valle Central), 31 kilometers northwest of the provincial capital city of Alajuela, and 47 kilometers from the national capital city of San Jose. It is also in close proximity to Ciudad Quesada, the Northern Lowlands, Monteverde, Guanacaste, and Arenal.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Naranjo had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 118
National Route 141
National Route 148
National Route 706
National Route 709
National Route 715
National Route 725
References
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
Vickers was a British engineering company that existed from 1828 until 1999. It was formed in Sheffield as a steel foundry by Edward Vickers and his father-in-law, and soon became famous for casting church bells. The company went public in 1867, acquired more businesses, and began branching out into military hardware and shipbuilding.
In 1911, the company expanded into aircraft manufacture and opened a flying school. They expanded even further into electrical and railway manufacturing, and in 1928 acquired an interest in the Supermarine.
Beginning in the 1960s, various parts of the company were nationalised, and in 1999 the rest of the company was acquired by Rolls-Royce plc, who sold the defence arm to Alvis plc. The Vickers name lived on in Alvis Vickers, until the latter was acquired by BAE Systems in 2004 to form BAE Systems Land Systems.
History
Early history
Vickers was formed in Sheffield as a steel foundry by Edward Vickers and his father-in-law George Naylor in 1828. Naylor was a partner in the foundry Naylor & Sanderson and Vickers' brother William owned a steel rolling operation. Edward's investments in the railway industry allowed him to gain control of the company, based at Millsands and known as Naylor Vickers and Company. It began by making steel castings and quickly became famous for casting church bells. In 1854 Vickers' sons Thomas (a militia officer known familiarly as 'Colonel Tom') and joined the business and their considerable talents – Tom Vickers as a metallurgist and Albert as a team-builder and salesman – were key to its subsequent rapid development. "Its great architects," the historian Clive Trebilcock writes, "Colonel T.E. (1833–1915) and Albert (1838–1919) Vickers... provided both inspired technical leadership... and equally astute commercial direction. Both men were autocrats by temperament, but neither shunned advice nor avoided delegation; each, but particularly Albert, had a marked gift for the selection of talented subordinates."
In 1863 the company moved to a new site in Sheffield on the River Don in Brightside.
Vickers, Sons & Company
The company went public in 1867 as Vickers, Sons & Company and gradually acquired more businesses, branching out into various sectors. In 1868 Vickers began to manufacture marine shafts, in 1872 they began casting marine propellers and in 1882 they set up a forging press. Vickers produced their first armour plate in 1888 and their first artillery piece in 1890.
Vickers, Sons & Maxim
Vickers bought out the Barrow-in-Furness shipbuilder The Barrow Shipbuilding Company in 1897, acquiring its subsidiary the Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Company at the same time, to become Vickers, Sons & Maxim.
Ordnance and ammunition made during this period, including World War I, was stamped V.S.M.
The yard at Barrow became the "
Construction Yard". With these acquisitions, Vickers could now produce a complete selection of products, from ships and marine fittings to armour plate and a whole suite of ordnance. In 1901 the Royal Navy's first submarine, Holland 1, was launched at the Naval Construction Yard. In 1902 Vickers took a half share in the famous Clyde shipyard John Brown & Company.
Further diversification occurred in 1901 with the acquisition of a proposed business which was incorporated as The Wolseley Tool and Motor Car Company and in 1905 the goodwill and patent rights of the Siddeley car. In 1911 a controlling interest was acquired in torpedo manufacturer Whitehead & Company.
Vickers Limited
In 1911 the company name was changed to Vickers Ltd and expanded its operations into aircraft manufacture by the formation of Vickers Ltd (Aviation Department) and a Vickers School of Flying was opened at Brooklands, Surrey on 20 January 1912. In 1919, the British Westinghouse electrical company was taken over as the Metropolitan Vickers Electrical Company; Metrovick. At the same time they came into Metropolitan's railway interests.
Reorganisation
A reorganisation during 1926 led to the retention of the rolling stock group: Metropolitan Carriage wagon and Finance Company and The Metropolitan -Vickers Company and the disposal of: Vickers-Petters Limited, British Lighting and Ignition Company, the Plywood department at Crayford Creek, Canadian Vickers, William Beardmore and Co, and Wolseley Motors.
Merger with Armstrong Whitworth
In 1927, Vickers merged with Tyneside based engineering company Armstrong Whitworth to become Vickers-Armstrongs. Armstrong Whitworth had developed along similar lines to Vickers, expanding into various military sectors and was notable for their artillery manufacture at Elswick and shipbuilding at a yard at High Walker on the River Tyne. Armstrongs shipbuilding interests became the "Naval Yard", those of Vickers on the west coast the "Naval Construction Yard". Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft was not absorbed by the new company.
In 1928, the Aviation Department became Vickers (Aviation) Ltd and soon after acquired Supermarine, which became the "Supermarine Aviation Works (Vickers) Ltd". In 1938, both companies were re-organised as Vickers-Armstrongs (Aircraft) Ltd, although the former Supermarine and Vickers works continued to brand their products under their former names. 1929 saw the merger of the acquired railway business with those of Cammell Laird to form Metropolitan Cammell Carriage & Wagon.
Nationalisation
In 1960, the aircraft interests were merged with those of the Bristol, English Electric and Hunting Aircraft to form the British Aircraft Corporation (BAC). This was owned by Vickers, English Electric and Bristol (holding 40%, 40% and 20% respectively). BAC in turn owned 70% of Hunting. The Supermarine operation was closed in 1963 and the Vickers name for aircraft was dropped in 1965. Under the terms of the Aircraft and Shipbuilding Industries Act BAC was nationalised in 1977 to become part of British Aerospace, which exists today in the guise of BAE Systems.
The Aircraft and Shipbuilding Industries Act also led to the nationalisation of Vickers' shipbuilding division as part of British Shipbuilders. These had been renamed Vickers Armstrong Shipbuilders in 1955, changing again to Vickers Limited Shipbuilding Group in 1968. This division was privatised as Vickers Shipbuilding & Engineering in 1986, later part of GEC's Marconi Marine. It remains in operation to this day as BAE Systems Submarines.
Vickers plc
With their steelworking operations also nationalised into British Steel Corporation the remnants of Vickers became Vickers plc. In 1986, Vickers acquired the armaments manufacturer Royal Ordnance Factory, Leeds, which became Vickers Defence Systems. Other acquisitions included automotive engineers Cosworth in 1990, waterjet manufacturer Kamewa in 1986 and Norwegian marine propulsion and engineering company Ulstein in 1998. 1998 also saw the sale of Rolls-Royce Motors and Cosworth to Volkswagen Group for £430 million, beating out BMW's offer of £340 million.
Current status of Vickers
Vickers remained independent until 1999 when the then Vickers plc was acquired by Rolls-Royce plc who sold the defence arm to Alvis plc, which became Alvis Vickers. Vickers plc and the subsidiaries retained by Rolls-Royce were renamed Vinters in March 2003. The Vickers name lived on in Alvis Vickers, until the latter was acquired by BAE Systems in 2004 to form BAE Systems Land Systems.
BAE Systems announced on 31 May 2012 that the former Vickers Defence Systems factory on Scotswood Road, Newcastle would close at the end of 2013.
The callsign Vickers is still used by the corporate flight department of BAE Systems Maritime Submarines, based at Walney Airfield, Cumbria.
See also
Canadian Vickers, a Vickers subsidiary from 1911 to 1944
Oto Melara, an Italian weapons manufacturer, originally a joint venture between Vickers and Terni Steelworks
Supermarine
Vickers hardness test
Vickers machine gun
Citations
Further reading
Anon (1898), Vickers, Sons and Maxim Limited: Their Works and Manufactures, "Engineering", London
Beynon, Huw & Wainwright, Hilary “The Workers' Report on Vickers” (Pluto Press, London 1979)
Evans, Harold. Vickers: Against the Odds 1956–1977 (1978)
Grant, Jonathan A. Grant, Between Depression and Disarmament: The International Armaments Business, 1919–1939 (Cambridge UP, 2018). Online review
Richardson, Alex (1902), Vickers Sons and Maxim Ltd: Their Works and Manufactures, Ships, Guns, Engines etc. Offices of Engineering, 35 and 36, Bedford Street, Strand, W.C., London; illustrated with 70 engravings (photo engravings)
Scott, J. D. (1962), Vickers: A History, Weidenfeld & Nicolson, London
External links
Companies House accessed 22 June 2006
Vickers Air-raid Shelter
Vickers Photographic Archive
Biography of Thomas and Albert Vickers
The Vickers company canteen at Crayford, Kent, expected to become a restaurant with flats above
Companies disestablished in 2004
Defunct companies of the United Kingdom
Engine manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Former defence companies of the United Kingdom
History of the tank
Manufacturing companies established in 1828
Marine engine manufacturers
ko:비커스
Marko Kolar (born 31 May 1995) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward for Wisła Płock.
Club career
Kolar started his career at Mladost Zabok and Tondach Bedekovčina before joining Dinamo Zagreb in 2008. He was the top scorer in the 2011–12 season of Croatian Academy Football League. In September 2012, Kolar signed a seven-year professional contract with Dinamo Zagreb. In the 2013–14 season, Kolar was loaned to second-tier club Sesvete. He was loaned to Lokomotiva for the 2014–15 season. Dinamo Zagreb extended his loan for the following season.
On 5 September 2017 he signed a contract with Wisła Kraków.
On 17 June 2019 he signed a 2-year contract with Dutch Eredivisie club FC Emmen.
Career statistics
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Krapina-Zagorje County
Association football forwards
Croatian footballers
Croatia youth international footballers
Croatia under-21 international footballers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
NK Sesvete players
NK Lokomotiva Zagreb players
NK Inter Zaprešić players
Wisła Kraków players
FC Emmen players
Wisła Płock players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Croatian Football League players
Ekstraklasa players
Eredivisie players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
George Shillibeer (11 August 1797 – 21 August 1866) was an English coachbuilder.
Biography
Shillibeer was born in St Marylebone, London the son of Abraham and Elizabeth Shillibeer. Christened in St Marys Church, Marylebone on 22 October 1797, Shillibeer worked for the coach company Hatchetts in Long Acre, the coach-building district of the capital. In the 1820s he was offered work in Paris, France, where he was commissioned to build some unusually large horse-drawn coaches of "novel design". The aim was to design a coach capable of transporting a whole group of people, perhaps two dozen, at a time.
Shillibeer's design worked, and was very stable. It was introduced into the streets of Paris in 1827. Shortly afterwards, Shillibeer was commissioned to build another by the Newington Academy for Girls, a Quaker school in Stoke Newington near London; this had a total of twenty-five seats, and entered history as the first school bus. In 1827 Joseph Pease, a railway pioneer and later the first Quaker MP, wrote in verse about the school bus:
The straight path of Truth the dear Girls keep their feet in,
And ah! it would do your heart good Cousin Anne,
To see them arriving at Gracechurch Street Meeting,
All snugly packed up, 25 in a van.
Whilst in Paris, Shillibeer concluded that operating similar vehicles in London, but for the fare-paying public with multiple stops, would be a paying enterprise, so he returned to his native city. His first London "Omnibus" took up service on 4 July 1829 on the route between Paddington (The Yorkshire Stingo) and "Bank" (Bank of England) via the "New Road" (now Marylebone Rd), Somers Town and City Rd. Four services were provided in each direction daily. This service was described in the first advertisements as being "upon the Parisian mode" and that "a person of great respectability attended his vehicle as Conductor". An account of the new service was given in the Morning Post of 7 July 1829:
Saturday the new vehicle, called the Omnibus, commenced running from Paddington to the City, and excited considerable notice, both from the novel form of the carriage, and the elegance with which it is fitted out. It is capable of accommodating 16 or 18 persons, all inside, and we apprehend it would be almost impossible to make it overturn, owing to the great width of the carriage. It was drawn by three beautiful bays abreast, after the French fashion. The Omnibus is a handsome machine, in the shape of a van. The width the horses occupy will render the vehicle rather inconvenient to be turned or driven through some of the streets of London.
A less successful innovation was his "Funeral Omnibus", which combined a passenger vehicle with a hearse.
George Shillibeer died at Brighton, East Sussex on 21 August 1866 (some sources say 22 August), and is buried in the graveyard at St Mary's Church at Chigwell in Essex.
In 1979, the 150th anniversary of the commencement of the first omnibus service in London, several London buses (twelve AEC Routemasters and one Leyland Fleetline) were operated in a green and yellow livery similar to Shillibeer's Omnibus. These specially painted vehicles were displayed for their launch into service at the Guildhall in central London on Friday 2 March 1979. Poet laureate Sir John Betjeman was one of the guests at the ceremony. Also, a memorial service was held at the Chigwell Church attended by Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother.
Shillibeer Walk in Chigwell was named after him, and Shillibeer Place in Marylebone, as is a pub/restaurant named The George Shillibeer next to a converted omnibus factory in north London.
BBC Coast presenter Nicholas Crane, is a direct descendant.
See also
Horsebus
Horse-drawn vehicle
References
External links
A brief biography, with a photo
1797 births
1866 deaths
Coachbuilders of the United Kingdom
English inventors
People from Marylebone
People associated with transport in London
MoeTar is an American, Bay Area, California-based rock group, founded by singer Moorea Dickason ("Moe") and bassist Tarik Ragab ("Tar"). Moorea and Tarik previously worked together in the more politically charged funk/pop band No Origin.
History
Moorea and Tarik formed the band in 2008 with Matthew Heulitt (Narada Michael Walden, Zigaboo Modeliste) on guitar, David Flores (Lauryn Hill, John Santos, Carne Cruda) on drums, and Bob Crawford on keyboards. Early on Bob left the band, and was replaced by Matt Lebofsky (miRthkon, Faun Fables, Secret Chiefs 3).
With the lineup in place, the band entered a period of intense rehearsals and shows. Their first gig (May 17, 2009) was performing near the finish line at the annual Bay to Breakers race in San Francisco. They also performed at the annual Burning Man Decompression Festival, and played the opening slot at the final show of Sleepytime Gorilla Museum.
In 2010, they recorded their debut CD From These Small Seeds with engineer Dan Rathbun (of Sleepytime Gorilla Museum, Idiot Flesh). The album was self-released in July, 2010. Papa J of CalProg ranked it the number 4 best album of 2010.
In 2011, they signed to Magna Carta Records who re-released From These Small Seeds on CD in early 2012 with different artwork.
In 2013, they started recording their second CD Entropy of the Century which was released in August 2014. Jonathan Herrera (Zigaboo Modeliste, Miguel Migs, Cathedrals) helped contribute to the recording process of this record and then officially joined the band, also on keyboards.
Band members
Moorea Dickason – vocals
Tarik Ragab – bass, backing vocals
Matthew Heulitt – guitar, backing vocals
Matt Lebofsky – keyboards, backing vocals
David M. Flores – drums
Jonathan Herrera - keyboards (since 2014)
Discography
Albums
From These Small Seeds (2012, Magna Carta Records #MA-9111)
Entropy of the Century (2014, Magna Carta Records #MA-9118-2)
The Final Four (EP) (2018, self-release on Bandcamp)
References
External links
MoeTar - official website
Papa J's Top 10 albums of 2010
American experimental musical groups
Musical groups from Oakland, California
Magna Carta Records artists
Wayne Snyman (born 8 March 1985 in Welkom) is a South African race walker. At the 2016 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 20 km walk. He finished in 58th place with a time of 1:29:20. In 2019, he competed in the men's 20 kilometres walk at the 2019 World Athletics Championships held in Doha, Qatar. He finished in 38th place.
He competed in the men's 20 km walk at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
References
1985 births
South African male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Living people
African Games bronze medalists for South Africa
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 African Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 African Games
White South African people
Commonwealth Games competitors for South Africa
Luen On San Tsuen () is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Luen On San Tsuen is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee.
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Luen On San Tsuen (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
Merena was a 4th-century Iranian military officer active during the reign of the Sasanian king (shah) Shapur II (). According to the Iranologist Touraj Daryaee, Merena's real name may have been Mihrān, thus making him a member of the House of Mihran, one of the Seven Great Houses of Iran. He was a cavalry commander in the Sasanian army in the course of the Roman-Persian Wars soon after the Battle of Ctesiphon in 363, which took place outside the Sasanian capital Ctesiphon in the province of Asoristan. As cavalry commander, he also appeared in the Battle of Maranga.
He was among those killed at the subsequent Battle of Samarra, a few hours before the death of the Roman emperor Julian.
Citations
Sources
Ammianus Marcellinus, Res Gestae, Book 25.
People of the Roman–Sasanian Wars
Generals of Shapur II
4th-century Iranian people
Military personnel killed in action
Crytivo is a game publishing company based in San Diego, California. It was founded in 2013 by Alex Koshelkov. The company became notable for its video game such as The Universim and Weaving Tides.
History
Crytivo was founded in 2013 by Alex Koshelkov, after the successful Kickstarter campaign for the game The Universim.
Development for The Universim began in April 2014. It was released via Steam Early Access on August 28, 2018.
Crytivo began publishing third party games in the beginning of the year 2020. Their first release, Serin Fate developed by Vethergen, was released via Steam Early Access in March of 2020. Since then, Crytivo has signed additional indie development studios and solo developers including Blue Meridian, Soda Den, Ironheart Studios, Rumata Lab, and Dazar Play. Projects that are currently being developed include Prehistoric Kingdom, Roots of Pacha, The Last Shot, and Villagedom.
Games published
Farlanders: Prologue
Prehistoric Kingdom
Serin Fate
Today is my Birthday
The Universim
Weaving Tides
Upcoming releases
Above Snakes
A New Leaf: Memories
Farlanders
Farm Folks
Flea Madness
Football Story
Hotel Magnate
The Last Shot
Look Alive
Power to the People
Ratten Reich
Rogue Shift
Roots of Pacha
Sayri: the Beginning
Siege the Day
Villagedom
Wanderlost
Brief description of games published by Crytivo
Roots of Pacha
Roots of Pacha is a life/farming simulator game in prehistoric setting, developed by US studio Soda Den. This project was successfully funded via Kickstarter during February and March 2021, earning $100,000 in its first week.
Wanderlost
Wanderlost is a life simulator/survival game created by American developer Eli Segal. It tells the story of adventures of the man named Bub, surviving in post-apocalyptic world infested by zombies.
References
External links
Official website
Companies based in California
Video game companies of the United States
Video game companies based in California
Video game publishers
Video game companies established in 2013
Andali () is an Arbëreshë comune and town is the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
References
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Calabria
Lazaros Loizidis (, born 16 December 1976 in Taldykorgan) is a Greek former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics. He competed in the 74–85 kg category. Bronze medalist of the European Championships in 2004 and 2005. Silver medalist of the Mediterranean in 1997, 2001 and 2005. The third in the Junior World Cup in 1994. Also he is the brother Nikolaos Loizidis wrestler and Olympian from Sydney 2000.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Pontic Greeks
People from Taldykorgan
Kazakhstani people of Greek descent
Soviet people of Greek descent
Kazakhstani emigrants to Greece
Olympic wrestlers of Greece
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Greek male sport wrestlers
Wrestlers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Greece
Mediterranean Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
The Pakistan cricket team toured Bangladesh from 15 April to 10 May 2015. The tour consisted of a 50-over tour match between Pakistan and a Bangladesh Cricket Board XI, two Test matches, three One Day Internationals and one Twenty20 International.
Bangladesh won the ODI series 3–0, its first ever series win against Pakistan, and also won the sole Twenty20 International played. Pakistan won the Test series 1–0.
Squads
Sohaib Maqsood withdrew from the tour due to a hand injury on 7 April; he was replaced by the uncapped Saad Nasim. Sohail Khan withdrew due to a back injury on 11 April; he was replaced in the ODI squad by Junaid Khan, who was already part of the T20I and Test squads. His replacement in the Test squad was Imran Khan. Yasir Shah withdrew from the tour due to a hand injury on 16 April; he was replaced in the ODI squad by Zulfiqar Babar. Ehsan Adil withdrew from the ODI squad on 18 April and was replaced by Umar Gul. Bangladesh announced their T20I squad on 22 April, which included the uncapped players Litton Das and Mustafizur Rahman. Bangladesh announced their squad for the Test series on 24 April. Pakistan's Rahat Ali was ruled out of the Test series due to a hamstring injury. Bangladesh fast bowler Rubel Hossain was ruled out of the second Test with a side strain and was replaced by Abul Hasan.
50-over tour match
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
T20I series
Test series
1st Test
2nd Test
Broadcasters
Bangladesh Television and PTV Sports were the official broadcasters of this series respectively in Bangladesh and Pakistan.
References
External links
Series Home on ESPN Cricinfo
Pakistan vs Bangladesh on Cricket.com.pk
2014 in Bangladeshi cricket
2014 in Pakistani cricket
International cricket competitions in 2014–15
Bangladeshi cricket seasons from 2000–01
Pakistani cricket tours of Bangladesh
Kamayevo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 243 as of 2010.
Geography
It is located 31 km from Bakaly and 12 km from Starokuruchevo.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Randolph Daniel Moss (born April 27, 1961) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Biography
Moss was born Raymond Daniel Moss in Springfield, Ohio. He received an Artium Baccalaureus degree, summa cum laude, in 1983 from Hamilton College. He received a Juris Doctor in 1986 from Yale Law School. He began his legal career as a law clerk to Judge Pierre N. Leval of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, from 1986 to 1987, and then served as a law clerk to Justice John Paul Stevens of the United States Supreme Court, from 1988 to 1989. He worked at the law firm of Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering from 1989 to 1996. From 1996 to 2001, he worked at the United States Department of Justice, Office of Legal Counsel, in a number of capacities. He served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General, from 1996 to 1998, Acting Assistant Attorney General, from 1998 to 2000, and as Assistant Attorney General, from 2000 to 2001. After his service in the Justice Department, he returned to his previous law firm, now known as Wilmer, Cutler, Pickering, Hale and Dorr LLP, where he chaired the firm's Regulatory and Government Affairs Department, leaving the firm upon his confirmation as a federal judge in November 2014.
Federal agency service
In 2000, when Moss was an Assistant Attorney General in the Office of Legal Counsel (OLC) of the United States Department of Justice, he wrote the memorandum opinion advising that the Department could not indict a sitting president. "The indictment or criminal prosecution of a sitting President would unconstitutionally undermine the capacity of the executive branch to perform its constitutionally assigned functions."
The Mueller Report (March 2019, Vol. II, p. 1) cited the Moss memorandum in partial justification of Special Counsel Robert Mueller's decision not to indict President Donald Trump. "Given the role of the Special Counsel as an attorney in the Department of Justice and the framework of the Special Counsel regulations, see 28 U.S.C. § 515; 28 C.F.R. § 600.7(a), this Office accepted OLC's legal conclusion for the purpose of exercising prosecutorial jurisdiction."
Federal judicial service
On April 3, 2014, President Barack Obama nominated Moss to serve as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, to the seat vacated by Judge Robert L. Wilkins, who was elevated to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He received a hearing before the United States Senate Judiciary Committee on May 20, 2014. On June 19, 2014 his nomination was reported out of committee by a roll call vote of 11–7. On September 18, 2014 Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid filed for cloture on his nomination. On Wednesday, November 12, 2014 cloture was invoked by the Senate by a vote of 53–45. On November 13, 2014 the Senate voted 54–45 in favor of final confirmation. He received his judicial commission on November 14, 2014.
Notable rulings
In May 2016, Moss found that the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act prevented an Ethiopian dissident living under asylum in the United States from suing the Ethiopian government for infecting his home computer with FinSpy spyware and then surveilling him in Maryland.
On October 16, 2018 Moss ruled against Education Secretary Betsy DeVos after she stopped an Obama-era rule from taking effect which protected students against fraud from for-profit colleges.
On March 1, 2020 Moss ruled that President Donald Trump unlawfully installed Ken Cuccinelli as acting Director of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and that therefore, certain directives related to removal of undocumented immigrants seeking asylum he implemented “must be set aside.”
On December 26, 2020, Moss ruled that the United States Justice Department unlawfully rescheduled the execution of Lisa Montgomery, the only woman on federal death row. On January 1, 2021, a three judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit vacated Moss's ruling.
On July 19, 2021, Moss sentenced Paul Hodgkins, a Florida man who participated in the 2021 United States Capitol attack to eight months in prison. Moss acknowledged that this man was part of a larger mob, but said that "Although you were only one member of a larger mob, you actively participated in a larger event that threatened the Capitol and democracy itself". At the time of his sentencing, Hodgkins is the third person to be sentenced for their participation at the insurrection, and his sentence is the longest thus far.
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 4)
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Maryland lawyers
New York (state) lawyers
People from Springfield, Ohio
United States Assistant Attorneys General for the Office of Legal Counsel
United States Department of Justice lawyers
United States district court judges appointed by Barack Obama
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Yale Law School alumni
21st-century American judges
Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr people
The Taipei Film Awards () are given by the Taipei Film Festival to honor achievements in Taiwanese cinema. Winners are selected from Taiwanese films which are presented in the competition section at the festival.
Grand Prize winners
Film awards
Individual awards
Outstanding Artistic Contribution awards
Outstanding Contribution Award
Other prizes
Lifetime Achievement Award
Best Individual Achievement
Special Mention, Actress
Special Grand Award of the Year
Special Jury Award
Special Mention
Industry Award for Narrative Feature
Non-Narrative Feature, Jury Prize
Best Experimental Film
Documentary Special Prize
Creative Genre Film Award
Best Fictional Film-Video Award
Best Animated Film-Video Award
Industry Award for Short
Narrative Short – Jury Special Award
Best Animation Short
Animation Short – Special Mention
Audience's Choice Award (2nd and 3rd place)
Best Animation Directors Award
Pro-Film Industry Award, Promising Talent Award
Most Promising Director of the Year
Dedicative Independent Documentary Filmmaker Award
Independent Spirit Award of the Year
Best Technical Achievements
Award of Outstanding Technique of the Year
Best Documentary Photography
References
External links
Taipei Film Festival official website
Taiwanese film awards
Godabarish Mohapatra (; 1 October 1898 – 25 November 1965) was a story writer and poet in Odia literature. He was also a journalist of Odisha, best known as the editor of "Niankhunta", a monthly criticism magazine, and "Tuan Tuin", a monthly children's magazine.
Early life
He was born on 1 October 1898 at Kumarang near Banapur in Odisha. He completed his schooling in 1921 at the famous Satyabadi Bana Bidyalaya under Godabarish Mishra's supervision and later his higher education at Ravenshaw University, Cuttack. In 1930 Pandit Godabarish Mishra established a high school at Banapur. Mohapatra was the first secretary of the managing committee as well as a teacher at the beginning of the school.
Works
Godabarish Mohapatra's main concern was with contemporary politics about which he wrote, mostly in poetry, in great detail and at times with pungent bitter satire. He founded and edited a journal called Niankhunta ("The Fire-fling") which ran for about 27 years (1938-1964) and quickly got itself established as the most important Odia journal of humour and politics. In 1957 he brought out a children's periodical, Tuan Tuin. Although most of the content was stories and poems, special emphasis was given to the promotion of social consciousness and scientific attitude. Some of his poetical volumes that may be mentioned in this context are "He mora Kalama" (1951), "Handishalare Biplaba" (1952), "Kanta O Phula" (1958), "Banka O Sidha", "Mo Khelasahi" (1958), "Kunira Hati" (1959), "Ki Katha" (1961) and "Desha Bidesha Upakatha" (1962), altogether containing hundreds of short poems. His two poetry anthologies - i.e., "Kanta O Phula" and "Utha Kankala" - were given the Odisha Sahitya Academy Award in 1959 and 1962 respectively. He died on 25 November 1965. A year after his death, his poetical work "Banka O Sidha" received the Central Sahitya Academy Award.
Two of his best-known stories, "Magunira Shagada" (1955) and "Nila Mastarani" (1958), were made into films.
References
1898 births
1965 deaths
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Odia
Recipients of the Odisha Sahitya Akademi Award
Indian male poets
20th-century Indian poets
Poets from Odisha
Writers from Odisha
Odia-language writers
Odia-language poets
20th-century Indian male writers
Sunnybrae Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the northern side of the Salmon Arm of Shuswap Lake, near the city of Salmon Arm.
Sunnybrae is a day use park with washrooms, picnic tables, playground and swimming area.
References
Former Provincial Parks of British Columbia
Parks in the Shuswap Country
Protected areas established in 1975
1975 establishments in British Columbia
In the 1985–86 Bahraini Premier League, Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1985–86 in Bahraini football
Michael Corcoran (born April 12, 1965 in Dublin) is an Irish slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of tenth in the C1 event in Atlanta in 1996.
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Irish male canoeists
Living people
Sportspeople from Dublin (city)
Olympic canoeists of Ireland
John Robert Biolo Sr. (February 8, 1916 – February 4, 2003) was a guard in the National Football League and American Football League.
Biography
Biolo was born on February 8, 1916 in Iron Mountain, Michigan. Biolo died on February 4, 2003 in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. Biolo was married to Joan Florence who proceeded him in death in 1979. He was a father to 6 children and 22 grandchildren.
Career
Biolo attended Lake Forest College (1935–38) and lettered in baseball and football. Biolo captained the undefeated 1938 football team and was named a Little All American. Biolo is enshrined in the Lake Forest Athletic Hall of Fame. Biolo was a member of the NFL Champion Green Bay Packers during the 1939 NFL season. Later in life, John was president of the Packers Alumni Association and served as a referee for Packers practices.
Biolo continued on as a Player / Coach in the American Football League with the Kenosha Cardinals in 1940 and 1941, and briefly with the Milwaukee Chiefs in 1941. Biolo joined the US Navy in 1941 and was commissioned an officer. Biolo flew anti-sub patrols in the canal zone and received carrier qualification for fighter-bombers in preparation for the projected invasion of Japan. Biolo eventually attained the rank of Lieutenant.
After the war, Biolo taught and coached at St. Norbert College in De Pere, Wisconsin.
In 1951, he moved to West High School in Green Bay, Wisconsin and served as Assistant Principal and Head Football Coach, leading his teams to four straight undefeated seasons. Named the Fox Valley Conference Coach of the Year five times, he led several teams to the Wisconsin Championships in football and track and eventually became principal of the school. He was selected to the Upper Peninsula Hall of Fame and the Wisconsin State Coaches Hall of Fame. Elected to six years on the WIAA Advisory Council, which oversees high school athletics in Wisconsin, he also served as president of the council. He continued to educate in his retirement, each year teaching students the changes in the tax laws for tax preparation season.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
External links
1916 births
2003 deaths
American football offensive guards
Baseball players from Michigan
Green Bay Packers players
Lake Forest Foresters baseball players
Lake Forest Foresters football players
Military personnel from Michigan
People from Iron Mountain, Michigan
Players of American football from Michigan
United States Navy officers
United States Navy pilots of World War II
The 1936 Constitution of the Soviet Union, also known as the Stalin Constitution, was the constitution of the Soviet Union adopted on 5 December 1936.
The 1936 Constitution was the second constitution of the Soviet Union and replaced the 1924 Constitution, with 5 December being celebrated annually as Soviet Constitution Day from its adoption by the Congress of Soviets. This date was considered the "second foundational moment" of the USSR, after the October Revolution in 1917. The 1936 Constitution redesigned the government of the Soviet Union, nominally granted all manner of rights and freedoms, and spelled out a number of democratic procedures. The Congress of Soviets replaced itself with the Supreme Soviet, which amended the 1936 Constitution in 1944.
The 1936 Constitution was the longest surviving constitution of the Soviet Union, and many Eastern Bloc countries later adopted constitutions that were closely modeled on it. It was replaced by the 1977 Constitution of the Soviet Union ("Brezhnev Constitution") on 7 October 1977.
Basic provisions
The 1936 Constitution repealed restrictions on voting, abolishing the lishentsy category of people, and added universal direct suffrage and the right to work to rights guaranteed by the previous constitution. In addition, the 1936 Constitution recognized collective social and economic rights including the rights to work, rest and leisure, health protection, care in old age and sickness, housing, education and cultural benefits. The 1936 Constitution also provided for the direct election of all government bodies and their reorganization into a single, uniform system.
Article 122 states that women in the U.S.S.R. are accorded equal rights with men in all spheres of economic, state, cultural, social and political life." Specific measures on women included state protection of the interests of mother and child, prematernity and maternity leave with full pay, and the provision of maternity homes, nurseries, and kindergartens.
Article 123 establishes equality of rights for all citizens "irrespective of their nationality or race, in all spheres of economic, state, cultural, social, and political life." Advocacy of racial or national exclusiveness, or hatred or contempt, or restrictions of rights and privileges on account of nationality, were to be punished by law.
Freedom of religion and speech
Article 124 of the constitution guaranteed freedom of religion, including separation of (1) church and state, and (2) school from church. The reasoning of the Article 124 is framed in terms of ensuring "to citizens freedom of conscience ... Freedom of religious worship and freedom of anti-religious propaganda is recognized for all citizens." Stalin included Article 124 in the face of stiff opposition, and it eventually led to rapprochement with the Russian Orthodox Church before and during World War 2. The new constitution re-enfranchised certain religious people who had been specifically disenfranchised under the previous constitution. The article resulted in members of the Russian Orthodox Church petitioning to reopen closed churches, gain access to jobs that had been closed to them as religious figures, and the attempt to run religious candidates in the 1937 elections.
Article 125 of the constitution guaranteed freedom of speech of the press and freedom of assembly. However, these "rights" were circumscribed elsewhere, so the erstwhile "freedom of the press" ostensibly guaranteed by Article 125 was of no practical consequence as Soviet law held that "Before these freedoms can be exercised, any proposed writing or assembly must be approved by a censor or a licensing bureau, in order that the censorship bodies shall be able to exercise "ideological leadership.""
Leading role of Communist Party
The 1936 constitution specifically mentioned the role of the ruling All-Union Communist Party (b) for the first time.
Article 126 stated that the Party was the "vanguard of the working people in their struggle to strengthen and develop the socialist system and representing the leading core of all organizations of the working people, both public and state". This provision was used to justify banning all other parties from functioning in the Soviet Union and legalizing the one-party state.
Nomenclature changes
The 1936 Constitution replaced the Congress of Soviets of the Soviet Union with the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union. Unlike its unicameral predecessor, the Supreme Soviet contained two chambers: the Soviet of the Union and the Soviet of Nationalities. The constitution empowered the Supreme Soviet to elect commissions, which performed most of the Supreme Soviet's work. The Central Executive Committee of the Congress of Soviets was replaced by the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet which, much like its predecessor, exercised the full powers of the Supreme Soviet between sessions and had the right to interpret laws. The Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet became the titular head of state of the Soviet Union. The Council of People's Commissars, known after 1946 as the Council of Ministers, continued to act as the executive arm of the government.
The 1936 Constitution changed the names of all Union Republics, the constituent states of the Soviet Union, transposing the second word "socialist" and third word "soviet" (or equivalent e.g. "radianska" in Ukrainian). Republics were named after the primary nationality and followed by "Soviet Socialist Republic" (SSR), except for the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR).
The Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic, one of the four republics to sign the Treaty on the Creation of the USSR, was dissolved and its constituent republics, the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic, Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic and Azerbaijani Soviet Socialist Republic, were elevated to union republics individually.
Drafting
The 1936 Constitution was written by a special commission of 31 members which General Secretary Joseph Stalin chaired. Those who participated included (among others) Andrey Vyshinsky, Andrei Zhdanov, Maxim Litvinov, Kliment Voroshilov, Vyacheslav Molotov, Lazar Kaganovich, Nikolai Bukharin, and Karl Radek, though the latter two had less active input.
Soviet portrayal and criticism
The 1936 Constitution enumerated economic rights not included in constitutions in the Western democracies. The constitution was presented as a personal triumph for Stalin, who on this occasion was described by Pravda as "genius of the new world, the wisest man of the epoch, the great leader of communism". However, historians have seen the constitution as a propaganda document. Leonard Schapiro, for example, writes: "The decision to alter the electoral system from indirect to direct election, from a limited to a universal franchise, and from open to secret voting, was a measure of the confidence of the party in its ability to ensure the return of candidates of its own choice without the restrictions formerly considered necessary"; and that "a careful scrutiny of the draft of the new constitution showed that it left the party's supreme position unimpaired, and was therefore worthless as a guarantee of individual rights". Isaac Deutscher called it "a veil of liberal phrases and premises over the guillotine in the background". Hannah Arendt observed that it was hailed as the ending of the Soviet Union's "revolutionary period", but was immediately followed by the country's most intense purges in its history, the Great Purge in which many of the constitution's organizers and draftees — such as Yakov Yakovlev, Aleksei Stetskii, Boris Markovich Tal', Vlas Chubar, Karl Radek, Nikolai Bukharin, and Ivan Akulov — were imprisoned or executed as counterrevolutionaries shortly after their work was complete.
According to J. Arch Getty, "Many who lauded Stalin's Soviet Union as the most democratic country on earth lived to regret their words. After all, the Soviet Constitution of 1936 was adopted on the eve of the Great Terror of the late 1930s; the "thoroughly democratic" elections to the first Supreme Soviet permitted only uncontested candidates and took place at the height of the savage violence in 1937. The civil rights, personal freedoms, and democratic forms promised in the Stalin constitution were trampled almost immediately and remained dead letters until long after Stalin's death."
1944 amendments
The 1944 amendments to the 1936 Constitution established separate branches of the Red Army for each Soviet Republic, and also established Republic-level commissariats for foreign affairs and defense, allowing them to be recognized as sovereign states in international law. This allowed for two Soviet Republics, Ukraine and Byelorussia, to join the United Nations General Assembly as founding members in 1945.
See also
1977 Soviet Constitution
References
– Soviet Union
External links
"Конституция С.С.С.Р. 1936 г.". (full text and all subsequent laws amending the 1936 Constitution) .
"1936 Constitution of the U.S.S.R.". (full text and all subsequent laws amending the 1936 Constitution) .
Peter Petroff (July 1936). "New Constitution of the U.S.S.R.".
"Stalin's Soviet Constitution with Updated Amendments". (Full text and all subsequent laws amending the 1936 Soviet Constitution) .
"Stalin's Constitution with all its Amendments, different source" (In page 201, the authentic constitution with all the official amendments.) .
Constitutions of the Soviet Union
Soviet Constitution
Constitution
1936 documents
December 1936 events
Atlanta Metropolitan State College is a public college in Atlanta, Georgia. It is part of the University System of Georgia.
History
In June 1965, the University System of Georgia authorized the creation of a junior college in the Atlanta metropolitan area. A location was selected adjacent to the Atlanta Area Technical School and construction began in 1973, finishing the subsequent year. The construction cost an estimated $2 million. Classes began in September 1974 with an initial enrollment of 504 students.
The institution was originally known as Atlanta Junior College. The name was changed in 1988 to Atlanta Metropolitan College. For several decades after its establishment, the institution was the only predominantly African-American two-year institution in the state. In 2012, the institution began offering four-year degree programs. In the same year, the institution adopted its current name in recognition of its new status as state college
References
External links
Official website
Public universities and colleges in Georgia (U.S. state)
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Educational institutions established in 1974
Universities and colleges in Atlanta
NJCAA athletics
University System of Georgia
Robert R. Prechter Jr. (born March 25, 1949) is an American financial author, and stock market analyst, known for his financial forecasts using the Elliott Wave Principle. Prechter is an author and co-author of 14 books, and editor of 2 books, and his book Conquer the Crash was a New York Times bestseller in 2002. He also has published monthly financial commentary in the newsletter The Elliott Wave Theorist since 1979, and is the founder of Elliott Wave International and New Classics Library. Prechter served on the board of the CMT Association for nine years, and as its president in 1990–1991. He has been a member of Mensa and Intertel. In recent years Prechter has supported the study of socionomics, a theory about human social behavior.
In 2014 at the IFTA Conference in London Prechter was created a Fellow of the UK Society of Technical Analysts in recognition of his lifetime contributions to Technical Analysis.
Biography
Prechter attended Yale University and graduated with a B.A. degree in psychology in 1971. He became a drummer for his rock band throughout circa early 1970s. His career as an analyst began when he joined Merrill Lynch as a market technician in 1975, where he learned much about the trade from Merrill's Chief Market Strategist, Robert Farrell (June 1982). There Prechter also learned of Ralph Nelson Elliott and the Elliott wave principle and was deeply intrigued:
So I tracked down R.N. Elliott's original books. They weren't even in the Library of Congress. But I finally dug around in the New York Public Library and found a catalog card listing a copy of them on microfilm and had photocopies made. I was amazed to find that there was a wealth of information that had been lost to Wall Street.
Prechter has also said, "after I decided to make markets a career, I realized that mass psychology is what they're all about."
Prominence
In 1979 Prechter left Merrill Lynch and published the first subscription issue of the Elliott Wave Theorist. The 1970s had been very bullish years in the gold market but mostly bearish for stocks, yet his Elliott wave analysis called for a long-term reversal lower in gold (February 1980) and a long-term "super bull market underway" in stocks (October 1982). Because these forecasts proved mostly correct—especially for the stock indexes—Prechter's following grew.
His visibility increased further after he won the U.S. Trading Championship in 1984, with a then-record 444% return in a monitored options trading account. He was profiled in many financial and business publications and named "Guru of the Decade" by the Financial News Network (now CNBC) for the 1980s.
Prechter has been forecasting a large-scale bear market, as explained in his book Conquer the Crash.
Re-introduces Elliott
Much of Prechter's career as a publisher includes his efforts to re-introduce R.N. Elliott's wave principle to investors. He compiled and republished all of Elliott's available writings, including the 1938 "Wave Principle," and the "Interpretive" and "Forecast" letters (1938–1946). Prechter also published a brief biography of Elliott and the collected Elliott wave writings of the few technicians who practiced wave analysis in the 1950s and 1960s (Charles Collins, Hamilton Bolton, A.J. Frost, Richard Russell).
Still, not all the popular exposure to Elliott wave analysis was the result of Prechter's deliberate efforts. In the few years before and after 1987, media coverage inflated Prechter's "guru" status to extremes, including the assertion that his forecasts could single-handedly "cause" the stock market to rise or fall. In the months after Black Monday in October 1987, subscriptions to Prechter's Elliott Wave Theorist surged to some 20,000. That number declined in the early 1990s (as did the subscription levels of most other financial publishers), though "Prechter has done more to popularize and spread Elliott's philosophy than anyone else."
Socionomics
In 1979, Prechter postulated that social mood drives financial, macroeconomic and political behavior, in contrast to the conventional notion that such events drive social mood. His description of social mood as the driver of cultural trends reached a national audience in a 1985 cover article in Barron's. Prechter coined the term "socionomics" and in 1999 published an exposition of socionomic theory, The Wave Principle of Human Social Behavior. In 2003, he published an anthology of empirical work in the field, Pioneering Studies in Socionomics.
Since then, the counter-intuitive premise of the socionomic hypothesis—that social mood drives the character of social events—has gained attention in academic journals, books, the popular press, universities, academic conferences and in research funded by the National Science Foundation. The Socionomics Foundation hosts an annual conference each April in Atlanta GA regarding social mood. The conferences have included presentations from academics, authors and financial professionals such as Richard L. Peterson, Tobias Preis, Johan Bollen, Michelle Baddeley, Todd Harrison and Robert Prechter.
Criticism
While Prechter has his admirers, he has been criticized by media and pundits for his long term record. For example, The Wall Street Journal ran a page one article in August 1993 with the headline, "Robert Prechter sees his 3600 on the Dow – But 6 years late," in reference to Prechter's 1987 forecast for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Technical analyst David Aronson wrote:
The Elliott Wave Principle, as popularly practiced, is not a legitimate theory, but a story, and a compelling one that is eloquently told by Robert Prechter. The account is especially persuasive because EWP has the seemingly remarkable ability to fit any segment of market history down to its most minute fluctuations. I contend this is made possible by the method's loosely defined rules and the ability to postulate a large number of nested waves of varying magnitude. This gives the Elliott analyst the same freedom and flexibility that allowed pre-Copernican astronomers to explain all observed planet movements even though their underlying theory of an Earth-centered universe was wrong.
Notes
References
Essentials of Technical Analysis for Financial Markets by James Chen. Published by John Wiley and Sons. .
Socionomics: The Science of History and Social Prediction by Robert Prechter. Published by New Classics Library. .
Prechter's Perspective by Robert Prechter. Published by New Classics Library. .
Evidence-Based Technical Analysis: Applying the Scientific Method and Statistical Inference to Trading Signals by David R. Aronson. Published by John Wiley and Sons.
Conquer the Crash: You Can Survive and Prosper in a Deflationary Depression (2 ed.) by Robert Prechter. Published by John Wiley and Sons. .
Behavioral Trading: Methods for Measuring Investor Confidence and Expectations by Woody Dorsey. Published by Texere. .
External links
Robert Prechter.com
Technical analysts
Living people
1949 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male writers
American finance and investment writers
American financial writers
Yale University alumni
Merrill (company) people
Mensans
Guinness Storehouse is a tourist attraction at St. James's Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland. Since opening in 2000, it has received over twenty million visitors.
The Storehouse covers seven floors surrounding a glass atrium shaped in the form of a pint of Guinness. The ground floor introduces the beer's four ingredients (water, barley, hops and yeast), and the brewery's founder, Arthur Guinness. Other floors feature the history of Guinness advertising and include an interactive exhibit on responsible drinking. The seventh floor houses the Gravity Bar with views of Dublin and where visitors may drink a pint of Guinness included in the price of admission.
History
The building in which the Storehouse is located was constructed in 1902 as a fermentation plant for the St. James's Gate Brewery (yeast is added to the brew). It was designed in the style of the Chicago School of Architecture and was the first multi-storey steel-framed building to be constructed in Ireland. The building was used continuously as the fermentation plant of the Brewery until its closure in 1988, when a new fermentation plant was completed near the River Liffey.
In 1997, it was decided to convert the building into the Guinness Storehouse, replacing the Guinness Hop Store as the Brewery's visitor centre. The redesign of the building was undertaken by the UK-based design firm Imagination in conjunction with the Dublin-based architects firm RKD, and the Storehouse opened to the public on 2 December 2000. In 2006-08 a new wing was developed, and Euro 2.5 million was invested in a live technology-driven multi-media installation demonstrating the modern brewing process for Guinness, which was designed by London-based museum design specialist, Event Communications.
In May 2011, Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip visited the Storehouse as part of a state visit to Ireland.
Visitor attractions
The Guinness Storehouse explains the history of beer. The story is told through various interactive exhibition areas including ingredients, brewing, transport, cooperage, advertising, and sponsorship.
The Storehouse covers seven floors surrounding a glass atrium shaped in the form of a pint of Guinness. The ground floor introduces the beer's four ingredients (water, barley, hops, and yeast), and the brewery's founder, Arthur Guinness. Other floors feature the history of Guinness advertising and include an interactive exhibit on responsible drinking.
At the base of the atrium lies a copy of the 9,000-year lease signed by Arthur Guinness on the brewery site. In the Perfect Pint bar, visitors may pour their own pint of Guinness and even get their selfie printed on top of a pint. The Brewery Bar on the fifth floor offers Irish cuisine, using Guinness both in the cooking and as an accompaniment to food. The seventh-floor houses the Gravity Bar with views of Dublin and where visitors may drink a pint of Guinness included in the price of admission.
The Guinness Open Gate Brewery is an experimental taproom nearby, showcasing small-batch beer creations from the Guinness brewery.
The Storehouse also contains the Guinness Archives, containing records and artifacts dating back to 1759.
See also
List of food and beverage museums
References
External links
Guinness Storehouse website
Guinness website
2000 establishments in Ireland
Beer in Ireland
Diageo
Tourist attractions in Dublin (city)
Museums in Dublin (city)
Beer museums
Guinness advertising
Chicago school (architecture)
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1961 season.
Overview
It was contested by 8 teams, and ASK won the championship, winning all of their games.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
A chicken gun or flight impact simulator is a large-diameter, compressed-air gun used to fire bird carcasses at aircraft components in order to simulate high-speed bird strikes during the aircraft's flight. Jet engines and aircraft windshields are particularly vulnerable to damage from such strikes, and are the most common target in such tests. Although various species of bird are used in aircraft testing and certification, the device acquired the common name of "chicken gun" as chickens are the most commonly used 'ammunition' owing to their ready availability.
Context
Bird strikes are a significant hazard to flight safety, particularly around takeoff and landing where crew workload is highest and there is scant time for recovery before a potential impact with the ground. The speeds involved in a collision between a jet aircraft and a bird can be considerable – often around – resulting in a large transfer of kinetic energy. A bird colliding with an aircraft windshield could penetrate or shatter it, injuring the flight crew or impairing their ability to see. At high altitudes such an event could cause uncontrolled decompression. A bird ingested by a jet engine can break the engine's compressor blades, potentially causing catastrophic damage.
Multiple measures are used to prevent bird strikes, such as the use of deterrent systems at airports to prevent birds from gathering, population control using birds of prey or firearms, and recently avian radar systems that track flocks of birds and give warnings to pilots and air traffic controllers.
Despite this, the risk of bird strikes is impossible to eliminate and therefore most government certification authorities such as the US Federal Aviation Administration and the European Aviation Safety Agency require that aircraft engines and airframes be resilient against bird strikes to a certain degree as part of the airworthiness certification process. In general, an engine should not suffer an uncontained failure (an event where rotating parts are ejected from the engine casing) after impact with a suitably-sized bird, and a bird strike to the airframe of a craft should not prevent "continued safe flight [and a] normal landing".
History
The first recorded chicken gun was built in 1942 by the US Civil Aeronautics Administration in collaboration with the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company. Built at Westinghouse's High Power Laboratory in Pittsburgh, it was capable of firing bird carcasses at up to , although most tests were conducted with muzzle velocities around . The gun used compressed air as its propellant, with a compressor storing air into an accumulator until the desired pressure was reached. To fire the gun, an operator triggered the opening of an electric quick-release valve, dumping the compressed air into the barrel. Different muzzle velocities were achieved by varying the pressure stored in the accumulator.
The tests conducted with this gun were the first of their kind, and showed that the glass used in the windshields of common passenger aircraft such as the Douglas DC-3 was extremely vulnerable to bird strikes; panels were penetrated completely by a bird traveling at only . Subsequent testing showed that laminate panels made of glass interleaved with polyvinyl chloride were far more resistant.
The gun was used at the High Power Laboratory until November 1943. In early 1945, it was moved to a CAA research & development location in Indianapolis, called the Indianapolis Experimental Station, where it was used to test components for various commercial aircraft manufacturers, before being retired at some point in 1947. A similar gun was independently developed by the De Havilland Aircraft Company in the United Kingdom in the mid-1950s. The UK's Royal Aircraft Establishment built a chicken gun in 1961, and in 1967 the Canadian National Research Council's Division of Mechanical Engineering used the RAE's design as a basis for their "Flight Impact Simulator Facility", a pneumatic gun based next to Ottawa airport. This gun remained in frequent use until 2016, at which point it was donated to the Canada Aviation and Space Museum and replaced by a pair of more modern guns. The replacements can accommodate different sized birds more easily through the use of a modular barrel.
In the 1970s, Goodyear Aerospace developed a chicken gun that stored compressed air behind a ceramic diaphragm and used a cardboard sabot to center and stabilize the chicken. When fired, a needle struck the diaphragm, rupturing the seal and allowing the air to propel the projectile down the barrel. A metal ring on the muzzle stopped the sabot, but allowed the chicken to escape the barrel.
The United States Air Force built the AEDC Ballistic Range S-3 at Arnold Engineering Development Complex in 1972 to test the canopies and windshields of military aircraft. Like previous chicken guns, S-3 used compressed air to launch its projectiles. The gun was later used in the development and certification of multiple US military aircraft, including the F-4, F-111 and A-10. the gun was still in operation.
Use in aircraft certification
Chicken guns are routinely used in the process of proving compliance with certification regulations. Given their complexity and the expertise required to operate them, an aircraft manufacturer will typically contract with a facility that operates a gun to perform a test against a given standard. The component to be tested is mounted securely on a frame, the gun fires a bird at it, and the results are examined for compliance with the relevant standards. Most tests are performed with the gun pressurized to around these results in a bird being launched at around , approximately the resultant velocity in a collision between a bird and an aircraft.
The FAA do not specify the species of bird that should be used for testing, but do state that the birds should not be frozen, as this would not accurately reflect the reality of a strike. Chickens are used as they are cheap, and readily available.
There have been efforts to develop artificial bird analogs for use in impact tests, to replace the use of carcasses. The motivations for this range from ensuring that results are easily reproducible across the industry, cost, and sensitivity to the views of animal rights activists. However, concerns have been expressed by some engineers that tests with artificial birds do not accurately represent the forces involved in real bird strikes as the analogs lack bones. Some go further and state that the farm-raised birds commonly used in tests are also unrepresentative owing to the lower density of their muscle tissue.
Notable uses
During the development of the Boeing 757 in the 1970s, the cockpit roof was subjected to a bird strike test wherein a chicken was fired at into a stationary cockpit. To the surprise of the Boeing engineers, the chicken penetrated the skin of the aircraft. As a result, the cockpit of the 757, and that of the 767, which shared the same design, had to be reinforced. Several 767s were already in service, and had to be recalled for retrofitting of the reinforcements. Later in the 757's development process a bird strike test was conducted on the aircraft's windows, again by firing a chicken at them. The UK Civil Aviation Authority's certification requirements at the time were more stringent than the FAA's, and required the metal around the windows to also resist a bird strike. The 757 failed this test, requiring further re-engineering.
After the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster in 2003, the chicken gun at AEDC Ballistic Range S-3 was repurposed to test the resistance of various components of the Shuttle orbiter and launch fuel tanks to impact from insulating foam. The intent was to discover the exact cause of the disaster, and establish whether any modifications to the Shuttle were required.
See also
Blade off testing
Chicken powered nuclear bomb
References
Aviation safety
Aerospace engineering
Al-Muzaffar II Mahmud was the Ayyubid emir of Hama first in 1219 (616 AH) and then restored in 1229–1244 (626 AH–642 AH). He was the son of al-Mansur Muhammad and the older brother of al-Nasir Kilij Arslan.
Usurpation
In 1219, al-Mansur called together the leading men of Hama and made them swear allegiance to his eldest son, al-Muzaffar Mahmud, as his heir apparent, before sending al-Muzaffar to Egypt to aid Sultan al-Kamil. Some time later he sent his second son, an-Nasir Kilij Arslan to join Al-Muazzam in his campaigns in Palestine. However, as he lay dying some of the leading emirs decided to invite an-Nasir back to Hama to usurp the throne in place of his brother, in the hope that they would be able to exercise real control under his nominal rule. Al-Mansur died in January 1221 (Dhu'l Qa'da 617), and An-Nasir duly installed himself as ruler in Hama. In Egypt, when al-Muzaffar learned of his father's death, he obtained Sultan al-Kamil's permission to go and claim his throne. On reaching Syria however he found his brother firmly established on the throne. None of the notables of Hama would support him in removing An-Nasir, and none of the other Ayyubid princes in Syria was interested in helping him, so he had to return to Egypt, where he was given an estate by Al-Kamil.
Restoration
Al-Muzaffar was eventually restored to Hama as a result of the changing balance of power between the major rulers of the Ayyubid family. In November 1228 (Dhu'l Hijja 625) negotiations took place at Tell el-'Ajul near Gaza between Aa-Kamil and his rival al-Ashraf as they sought to agree a balance of power between them across the Ayyubid realms. The result was a comprehensive agreement on redistribution of domains. Al-Kamil's client al-Muzaffar was to be restored to Hama, together with Baarin and Maarrat al-Nu'man. Salamiyah was to be detached from the Hama domain and given to al-Mujahid of Homs.
Al-Ashraf and al-Kamil now worked in tandem to put this plan into effect, and Al Kamil led his armies to Damascus in support of al Ashraf who was laying siege to it. The city surrendered in June and almost at once, al-Kamil turned his attention to Hama. On 25 July 1229 (2 Ramadan 626), Al Kamil, in alliance with al-Mujahid of Homs, laid siege to Hama to remove Kilij Arslan and restore al-Muzaffar. After a few days of siege, Kilij Arslan came out to negotiate, and eventually agreed to leave Hama in return for receiving the fortress of Montferrand near Baarin. Eventually, Kilij Arslan died on the same year.
Reign
Al Muzaffar took part in the major campaign of 1232 (629) led by Al-Kamil which took Amida and Hasankeyf. He also took part in the unsuccessful campaign of 1234 (631) which apparently aimed at Malatya. In 1238–9, he decided to raze the Montferrand castle to the ground.
Conflict with Homs
Al-Muzaffar owed his throne to the ruler of Homs, al-Mujahid, who had organised the conference of the Ayyubid rulers at Tell el-'Ajul in 1228–29 which agreed his restoration. However one of the terms of this agreement was that Hama was to turn over the fief of Salamiyah. This was to be the source of constant hostility between the two rulers thereafter. On taking control of the town however Al-Mujahid built a great fortress nearby, which al-Muzaffar interpreted as a threat to him. This led to bad relations between the emirs, and when al-Muzaffar joined al-Kamil of Egypt in a campaign to oust al-Mujahid, the tensions between them broke out into open conflict. When al-Kamil died al-Mujahid attacked the territory of Hama, devastating the countryside and diverting both the River Orontes and the canals which irrigated the fields around the city. He was not able to take the city however, but constant tension and aggression prevailed between the two rulers for the remainder of their days.
In the diplomatic manoeuvres which followed the death of al-Kamil, the emir of Hama, Al-Muzaffar, allied himself with As-Salih Ayyub and persuaded him that he could usefully secure his position in Syria before attacking Egypt by removing Al-Mujahid from Homs. al-Mujahid was allied with as-Salih' Ayyub's rival as-Salih Ismail. In March 1239 (Sha'ban 636), As-Salih Ayyub set out with his forces to attack Homs, but soon after he received envoys from Egypt complaining of the rule of al-Adil II and urging him to come and take power himself. In April 1239 therefore as-Salih Ayyub turned away from Homs and moved his forces south in preparation for an invasion of Egypt. As the threat receded, Al-Mujahid conspired with As-Salih Ayyub's uncle, As-Salih Ismail, to take Damascus and divide the Syrian domains between them.
Al-Mujahid also undertook some covert warfare against Hama in a rather unusual way. Theobald of Champagne was leading a new crusade and arrived in Palestine in September 1239 (Safar 637). Al-Muzaffar lured Theobald's group with empty promises of converting to Christianity and turning over fortresses to the crusaders. He then managed to start a rumour in the city that al-Muzaffar was about to hand it over to the Crusaders to prevent it from being taken by him. Believing themselves to be in danger, a number of the civic and military leaders of Hama fled to Homs, where they were immediately imprisoned by al-Mujahid. The effect of this incident was to disable Hama temporarily and prevent al-Muzaffar from doing anything to stop Al-Mujahid from moving on Damascus.
As a result, al-Mujahid and as-Salih Ismail were able to take Damascus on 28 September 1239 (27 Safar 637). However shortly afterwards al-Mujahid died. As-Salih Ayyub steadily extended is control over all the Ayyubid domains, and al-Muzaffar continued to rule in Hama until his death in 1244.
Family
Al-Muzaffar was married to a woman called Ghaziya Khatun, who was the mother of his successor Al Mansur II.
References
Bibliography
1244 deaths
13th-century Ayyubid rulers
Ayyubid emirs of Hama
Muslims of the Fifth Crusade
Muslims of the Barons' Crusade
Sunni Muslims
Year of birth unknown
Bromley Reform Synagogue is a synagogue in Shortlands, Bromley in the London Borough of Bromley; it serves the areas of south east London and north west Kent including Bromley, Beckenham, Orpington, Blackheath, Dartford, Maidstone, Sevenoaks, Tonbridge and Tunbridge Wells.
The community was established in 1964 and has been based in its present location since 1967. The sanctuary has been refurbished in light wood and glass to reflect the Hebrew name of the community, Beit Or, House of Light.
Mati Kirschenbaum was appointed in 2020 as the community's Rabbi. He stepped down in late 2021, and will be replaced in April 2022 by Rabbi Laura Janner-Klausner.
Affiliation and staff
Bromley Reform Synagogue is a member of the Movement for Reform Judaism.
Services
Services are held every Shabbat on Friday evening and Saturday morning as well as for all Jewish festivals. Services are egalitarian; men and women sit together and take an equal role in the religious life of the community.
Family services are held regularly through the year and are normal Shabbat services but are shorter (one hour) with much participation, less formality, storytelling rather than a haftarah, songs and no sermon.
Services are led by the Rabbi or lay readers, using the standard Reform liturgy. There are also other services, mainly on Friday nights, when the format differs, and there is a great deal of opportunity for participation by lay members, many of whom also lead services when the rabbi is absent.
Community
The synagogue has an inclusive approach to Judaism and all sorts of people are involved in the community including born Jews with varying degrees of Jewish knowledge, people considering conversion or actively engaged in study for conversion, mixed-faith families and people who have lost contact with their Judaism and are looking for a way back.
A wide range of events and activities are organised – youth, education, social, religious and local area groups which organise social events in their own neighbourhoods. There is a social centre for older people with coffee and socialising, board and card games, gentle physical exercises and a discussion on a topical issue followed by lunch and a talk or entertainment. There are also some special interest groups and the rabbi sometimes gives talks and lecture series.
Education
There is a strong emphasis on families learning together and the synagogue has a cheder (religion school) for children aged 5–14 where they study Hebrew and learn about Judaism. There is also a thriving gan yeladim (kindergarten) on Sunday mornings with activities, food and songs for toddlers and their parents, and facilities for children from birth upwards.
Young people
The community has made funding available for members of its B'nei Mitzvah class to attend Shemesh, the summer camps organised by RSY-Netzer, the Zionist youth movement for Reform Judaism. Young people are also encouraged to participate in Jewish holiday camps and in Europe tours and gap year schemes organised with Israel Experience. They also have the opportunity to join in local youth activities with Maccabi and the Jewish Lads' and Girls' Brigade, among others, and with RSY-Netzer.
Communications
Bromley Reform Synagogue's website was recognised in the 2009 Board of Deputies Media Awards, when it won the prize for best synagogue website. The community has a weekly e-newsletter e-Light as well as a monthly printed newsletter, Highlight, itself an award-winning publication.
See also
List of Jewish communities in the United Kingdom
List of former synagogues in the United Kingdom
Movement for Reform Judaism
References
External links
The Movement for Reform Judaism
RSY-Netzer
Bromley Reform Synagogue on Jewish Communities and Records – UK (hosted by jewishgen.org), accessed 24 November 2010.
1964 establishments in England
Jewish organizations established in 1964
Reform synagogues in the United Kingdom
Religion in the London Borough of Bromley
Synagogues in London
The Waitress (French - La Serveuse de bocks) is an 1879 oil on canvas painting by Édouard Manet. It directly relates to his Corner of a Café-Concert (National Gallery) and some art historians consider it to be a secondary version or preparatory work for Corner.
References
Paintings in the collection of the Musée d'Orsay
1879 paintings
Paintings by Édouard Manet
Food and drink paintings
Jindřich Barák (born October 2, 1991 in Prague) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He played with HC Slavia Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
References
External links
1991 births
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HC Slavia Praha players
Living people
Sportspeople from Prague
The Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland was established on the model of the English Court by the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930. It was replaced by a general Court of Appeal by the Judicature (Northern Ireland) Act 1978.
References
Courts of Northern Ireland
Appellate courts
Former courts and tribunals in the United Kingdom
1930 establishments in Northern Ireland
1978 disestablishments in Northern Ireland
Courts and tribunals established in 1930
Courts and tribunals disestablished in 1978
An Australian real estate investment trust (A-REIT) is a unitised portfolio of property assets, often listed on a stock exchange such as the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). Such investment structures were known as listed property trusts (LPT) in Australia until February 2008, but were renamed to be more consistent with international terms. Unit trusts of property assets which are not listed on a stock exchange are known as unlisted property trusts.
An A-REIT usually owns a portfolio of large properties, which, due to their size and value, cannot be bought by the average private investor. Thus, these large investments are broken up into units of smaller value that can be purchased by private investors, who become unit holders.
LPTs first emerged in the Australian sharemarket in the early 1970s. Around this time they were viewed as a substitute for direct property investing, with enhanced liquidity offered as they were listed. Despite a slow start, the LPT sector has grown rapidly. From less than $5 billion in the early 1990s, the sector reached a market capitalisation of $43.8 billion in August 2002.
As of July 2012 the Australian public real estate sector consists of a total market capitalization of almost €72 billion, accounting for 9.36% of the global real estate investment trust (REIT) market capitalization.
The current top five A-REIT managers are Westfield Group with a market capitalization of €19 billion, Westfield Retail with a market capitalization of €7.8 billion, Stockland with a market capitalization of €6.3 billion, GPT Group with a market capitalization of €5.2 billion and the Goodman Group with a market capitalization of €5.1 billion.
A-REIT indices
The first REIT in Australia was the General Property Trust – a listed property trust started in 1971. By the mid 1990s, the marker had grown to a capitalization of A$7 billion. In the late 1990s, the market exploded and by 2002 market capitalization had reached A$43 billion. In 2007, there were 69 REITs and by 2012 their market capitalization had grown to nearly A$90 billion.
Unit holders trade on an open market and the value of the unit price is determined by demand and supply. A-REITs are normally listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX). The Bendigo Stock Exchange, the Newcastle Stock Exchange, and the Australia Pacific Exchange are also capable of hosting trusts. A-REITs are a form of listed investment company (LIC) and are considered as such by the ASX. Any A-REIT listed on the ASX has to conform to the reporting standards set out by the ASX.
As of July 2012 there were 45 Australians publicly listed real estate companies of which 13 were included in the EPRA index, published by the European Public Real Estate Association (EPRA).
Income
The income from A-REITs comes primarily from rent. Rents are usually quoted on a dollar per square metre basis. In contrast to residential rents, which are well regulated, in commercial leases there are differing types of rentals or leases.
Many buildings are purchased as going concerns and come ready-stocked with tenants, while some A-REITs are also involved in development. Accumulated rents are the gross income of an A-REIT. From this there are a number of expenses that reduce the gross income to a net income such as management and maintenance expenses, interest, land tax, etc.
Other sources of income include naming or signage rights, roof space for telecommunication companies, and car parking rental.
Property trusts must distribute at least 90 percent of their income back to the unit holders. The balance of any monies that are not distributed are held as retained earnings, which are then used to smooth earnings and distributions in future years.
Assets
A-REITs can hold either domestic or international property assets. Outside of Australia, the main countries in which A-REITs hold assets are the United States, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
Net tangible assets (NTA) is the balance sheet value of the underlying properties in an A-REIT. It has long been regarded as an important measure of the true value of an A-REIT. A-REITs that trade above their NTA were for a long time considered to be overvalued. Conversely, if the A-REIT traded at a discount to its NTA, it was considered to be trading at a discount to the realisable value of its underlying assets. As a result, in the past most A-REITs tended to trade at close to their NTA over the long-term average.
Diversification
One of the main benefits of an A-REIT is that it can offer investors a good degree of diversification.
Tenant diversity offers a spread of income risk for an A-REIT. As rent is the primary source of income for an A-REIT, the greater the number and type of tenant, the lower the risk to the income of an A-REIT resulting from tenant default.
Geographic diversification offers A-REITs exposure to differing local economies. It means having assets in more than one State and within States, by being diversified between state regions. Geographic diversification is sometimes across national borders as well.
Diversification by property asset class is also of benefit. The asset classes are those covering office, industrial, retail and also hotel and leisure. It helps to spread the risk in a portfolio as the property value cycles are driven by different underlying economic fundamentals in each sector.
Management
The day-to-day management of the properties owned by an A-REIT are generally contracted out to professional property managers.
Management of the asset is usually tendered for on a regular basis. This is considerably desirable for A-REITs as it helps to keep the property managers diligent if they think that they may lose their management rights.
See also
General Property Trust
Goodman Group
Real estate investment trust
EPRA index
Stockland
Westfield Group
Homepage of the European Public Real Estate Association
References
Real estate companies of Australia
Investment in Australia
Bike crossing may refer to:
Bicycle-sharing system, a service in which bicycles are made available for shared use to individuals who do not own them
A road crossing for bikeways in their own rights-of-way
See also
Crossing (disambiguation)
Outline of cycling
Road crossing (disambiguation)
Hemicytheridae is a family of ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida.
Genera
Genera:
Ambolus Ikeya, Jellinek & Tsukagoshi, 1998
Ambostracon Hazel, 1962
Anterocythere McKenzie & Swain, 1967
References
Ostracods
Marijana Lubej (born 21 June 1945) is a Slovenian sprinter. She competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Slovenian female sprinters
Yugoslav female sprinters
Yugoslav female hurdlers
Olympic athletes of Yugoslavia
Sportspeople from Celje
The Texas Archive of the Moving Image (TAMI) is an independent 501(c)(3) organization founded in 2002 by film archivist and University of Texas at Austin professor Caroline Frick, PhD. TAMI's mission is to preserve, study, and exhibit Texas film heritage. The organization has three main projects: the TAMI Online Collection, the Texas Film Round-Up, and Teach Texas. Its offices are located in Austin, Texas.
Online collection
The Texas Archive of the Moving Image website is a streaming video website that includes a variety of Texas-related films such as home movies, industrial films, local television, and orphan film materials as well as TAMI-curated online exhibits. The TAMI website was launched in 2008 using Glifos Social Media and the MediaWiki platform. The oldest films in the archive are a collection of Edison Studios films from the 1900 Galveston Hurricane. The TAMI site includes several curated collections with topics that include President Lyndon B. Johnson and his family, Texas during the Vietnam War years, life across Texas during the 1930s and 1940s, and itinerant films. TAMI also contains some unusual material produced by Texas television stations in the latter half of the 20th century. TAMI streams multiple versions of "The Kidnappers Foil," a film added to the National Film Registry in 2012, on its website. The organization also administers a sister website, www.meltonbarker.org, devoted to the topic of The Kidnappers Foil and the itinerant Texas filmmaker Melton Barker.
Online exhibitions
TAMI curates online exhibitions featuring materials from their holdings. Exhibitions include "When Texas Saw Red," an exhibit dedicated to the post World War II and Cold War era and how it affected Texas life; "Starring the Lone Star State," which explores the history of the film industry in Texas; "A Journey to the Moon through Texas," an award-winning exhibit that documents the Apollo Program; and "La Frontera Fluida," exploring the Texas-Mexico border.
Texas Film Round-Up
The Texas Film Round-Up, also known as the Texas Moving Image Archive Program, is a partnership between TAMI and the Office of the Governor's Texas Film Commission. Via the Round-Up, TAMI provides free digitization for Texas-related films and videos in exchange for the donation of a digital copy of the material to the TAMI Video Library. Film screenings and educational exhibits about Texas media history are often part of the Round-Up activities. The Film Round-up has visited the Fort Worth, Galveston, San Angelo, Amarillo, Beaumont, Rio Grande Valley, Tyler, Lubbock, Dallas, Abilene, Longview, El Paso, Houston, Austin, and many other Texas cities since its inception in 2008.
Teach Texas
Teach Texas is a resource kit for educators that includes lesson plans and other materials that enable teachers to use films from the TAMI Video Library in the K-12 classroom. The resources in the Teach Texas program are coordinated with the Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills (TEKS) standards.
Awards
The Texas Film Round-Up received two awards from the American Association for State and Local History in 2010: the Leadership in History Award of Merit, and the WOW Award.
References
External links
Official website of the Texas Archive of the Moving Image
Museums in Austin, Texas
Film archives in the United States
Naval Battle Rules: The Seas of Cerilia is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1996.
Contents
Naval Battle Rules includes 51 naval war cards, together with rules on general and magical maritime warfare, movement and hazards on the open seas, and details of various trade routes.
Publication history
Naval Battle Rules was published by TSR, Inc. in 1996.
Reception
David Comford reviewed Naval Battle Rules for Arcane magazine, rating it a 4 out of 10 overall. He comments that "Naval forces are a vital part of any ruler's military - not only for warfare and conquest but for exploration and trade, so it was a little surprising that they weren't included in the basic Birthright boxed set. Rectifying this omission, Naval Battle Rules brings would-be rulers back up to speed". He notes that "As one would expect the rules are detailed and comprehensive, and mesh well with the existing land combat system. They also expand Birthright into an exciting new area - whether for seafaring, adventuring or ocean-bound conquest - offering a great deal of potential for both players and referees alike." Comford concludes his review by stating: "But these rules are not new. Cities of the Sun was an early Birthright boxed set which contained everything here and info on the lands of the Khinasi, in much the same way as The Rjurik Highlands [...] described that area of the Birthright world, and it was [less expensive]. It's difficult to recommend Naval Battle Rules when, for [a higher price], you can get the same rules and war cards, plus a detailed look at an interesting area of the Birthright world."
References
Birthright (campaign setting)
XHPECD-FM is a radio station on 89.7 FM in Dolores Hidalgo, Guanajuato. The station is owned by Ciencia, Comunicación y Tecnología de Irapuato, A.C. and known as Magnética FM.
History
Ciencia, Comunicación y Tecnología filed for a permit station in Dolores Hidalgo on April 18, 2012. The social concession was approved on December 13, 2017.
XHPECD went on the air in December 2018 from a transmitter site west of town. It is a sister station to XHAWD-FM San Luis Potosí, which signed on in 2005.
References
Radio stations in Guanajuato
Večeslavci (; , or Sessldorf) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
The Lutheran teacher and poet István Szijjártó was born in the village.
References
External links
Večeslavci on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
Frederick Cawley, 1st Baron Cawley PC, JP (9 October 1850 – 30 March 1937), known as Sir Frederick Cawley, Bt, between 1906 and 1918, was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician. A wealthy cotton merchant, he represented Prestwich in parliament between 1895 and 1918 and served as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster between 1916 and 1918. Created a baronet in 1906, he was ennobled as Baron Cawley in 1918.
Background and education
Cawley was born at Priestlands, Bunbury, Cheshire, the son of Thomas Cawley (1806–1875) by Harriet Bird, daughter of Samuel Bird, of Beeston Hall, Cheshire. He was educated at Aldersey School, Bunbury, and at Wesley College, Sheffield.
Political career
Cawley was involved in the Lancashire cotton industry, which made him a wealthy man. At the 1895 general election he was elected as Member of Parliament for Prestwich, a seat he held until 1918. In 1916 he was admitted to the Privy Council and appointed Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster in the war-time coalition of David Lloyd George, a post he held until 1918. He was also appointed to the Dardanelles Commission. Cawley was created a Baronet, of Prestwich in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in 1906, and was raised to the peerage as Baron Cawley, of Prestwich in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in 1918. He was also a Justice of the Peace for Herefordshire.
Family
Lord Cawley married Elizabeth Smith, daughter of John Smith and Fanny Robson, in 1876. They had four sons, of whom the three youngest, Harold Cawley MP, John and Oswald Cawley MP, were killed in the First World War, and one daughter, Hilda Cawley. In memory of his three dead sons, Cawley endowed a ward at Ancoats Hospital, Manchester, in 1919 at a cost of £10,000.
In 1901 Cawley acquired the estate of Berrington Hall near Leominster in Herefordshire, which had previously been in the hands of the Rodney family. This was the family seat until 1957, when it was handed over to the government in lieu of death duties, and it is now in the care of the National Trust. Lady Cawley died in March 1930. Lord Cawley died at Berrington Hall in March, 1937, aged 86, and was succeeded in the baronetcy and barony by his eldest and only surviving son, Robert.
Arms
References
External links
1850 births
1937 deaths
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1895–1900
UK MPs 1900–1906
UK MPs 1906–1910
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
UK MPs who were granted peerages
People educated at Wesley College, Sheffield
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Peers created by George V
Chancellors of the Duchy of Lancaster
Levi Morgan MacAllister (born July 26, 1989), who goes by the stage name Levi the Poet, is an American spoken word artist. His first release, Werewolves, was released independently in 2009. The subsequent release, an extended play, Monologues, was released by Come&Live! Records, in 2011. He released a studio album with Come & Live Records, Seasons, in 2012. His follow-up studio album, Correspondence (A Fiction), was released independently, in 2014.
Early life
MacAllister was born as Levi Morgan MacAllister, on July 26, 1989, the son of a preacher, Mark Stephen MacAllister, and his mother, Jody McEwen MacAllister, where he is a native of Albuquerque, New Mexico. He is an older brother to sister, Bree. His father died on January 7, 2011, by committing suicide, and this has led MacAllister to be an advocate of mental health awareness, in the fight for suicide prevention.
Music career
MacAllister's music career commenced in 2007, yet his first release, Werewolves, was released independently, on October 1, 2009. He released an extended play, Monologues, with Come&Live! Records on November 22, 2011. His first studio album, Seasons, was released on December 11, 2012, by Come&Live Records. The subsequent album, Correspondence (A Fiction), was released independently, on November 17, 2014. MacAllister has also appeared on the Sleeping Giant album Finished People, on a track called "Violence", as well as Alex Sugg's most recent album on a track called "Braincase". He was also featured on the song "Friendly Crossfire" on Hotel Books' album Run Wild, Stay Alive, released on June 3, 2016.
Personal life
Levi Macallister resides in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Discography
Albums
Werewolves (October 1, 2009, Independent)
Seasons (December 11, 2012, Come&Live!)
Correspondence (A Fiction) (November 17, 2014, Independent)
Cataracts (February 23, 2018, Independent)
EPs
Monologues (November 22, 2011, Come&Live! Records)
Singles
"The Beginning"/"The Separation"
"Tetelestai"
"Joy Seekers"
"Anxiety"
"It's All Worth Living For"
"Sanctuary Cities"
As featured artist
Abraham the Poor – "Anezka"
To Speak of Wolves – "Rearview Memories"
Least of These – "The Son: The Kingdom"
Sleeping Giant – "Violence"
Glowhouse – "Braincase"
Hotel Books – "Friendly Crossfire"
In the Midst of Lions - "Defiance"
My Epic - "Lower Still [remix]"
References
External links
Official website
1989 births
Living people
American performers of Christian music
Musicians from New Mexico
Songwriters from New Mexico
Anthony Roche (born 17 August 1976) is an Australian retired footballer.
He played for Brisbane Strikers in the National Soccer League, scoring 12 goals in 21 games.
That attracted the interest of Fortuna Dusseldorf and signed for the then-Oberliga Nordrhein club from the Strikers. He failed to make an impact in Germany, despite coach Massimo Morales's hopes for his "killer instinct" in front of goal.
He then joined English side and Yeovil Town in League Two, but failed to make an appearance.
References
Australian soccer players
Brisbane Strikers FC players
Association football forwards
Yeovil Town F.C. players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
A Gainer is a backward somersault in acrobatics, diving and some martial arts.
Gainer may also refer to:
Related moves
Full gainer
Gainer Flash
Reverse Gainer
Other uses
Gainer (surname)
Gainer (supplement)
Gainer the Gopher, mascot of the Saskatchewan Roughriders
Gainer, a term related to fat fetishism
Overman King Gainer, a Japanese anime
Corta Jaca may refer to:
Corta Jaca (dance), a traditional Brazilian dance
Corta Jaca (ballroom Maxixe), a dance step described for the version of Maxixe in North American and Merican ballrooms
Corta Jaca (samba step), a step from the syllabus of the International Style ballroom samba
Corta Jaca (song), a song by Chiquinha Gonzaga
Daron Sutton (born October 21, 1969) is an American baseball broadcaster who currently serves as a play-by-play announcer for the Los Angeles Dodgers. His initial television role was for five years as the play-by-play voice of Major League Baseball's Milwaukee Brewers. He later served as the television voice of the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Los Angeles Angels. Daron has been a play-by-play voice of the Pac-12 Network since 2014.
Daron Sutton is the son of former pitcher and Hall of Famer Don Sutton, who was also a broadcaster.
Career
Sutton started his career at CNN in 1992 upon graduating from Auburn University at Montgomery in 1992 with a degree in communications. He also pitched professionally for two years in the Anaheim Angels and Atlanta Braves organizations.
Daron has been close to the game since birth as his father is MLB Hall of Fame pitcher Don Sutton. Daron had the opportunity to work alongside his father as a member of the Atlanta Braves broadcast team from 1997 through 1999, including hosting pre-game and post-game shows and play-by-play work for Braves telecasts on Fox Sports Net South.
While working in Atlanta, he also broadcast many Southeastern Conference sporting events, including basketball, gymnastics, swimming, and track and field.
In 2000-01, Daron served as the radio voice of the Anaheim Angels, where he worked with Mario Impemba. From 2002-06, Sutton was the television voice of the Milwaukee Brewers. In 2003, Sutton received a Chicago/Midwest chapter Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement for Individual Excellence on Camera. He also was nominated four other times for regional Emmy Awards in similar capacities.
Sutton was released from his contract by the Brewers amicably on October 23, 2006, as he had sought to pursue other options. He was mentioned as a possible replacement for Thom Brennaman with the Arizona Diamondbacks and signed a five-year contract, with a three-year club option, to replace Brennaman on November 1, 2006. Sutton was the voice of the Diamondbacks until June 2012.
From 2010 until 2015, Daron also handled play-by-play assignments for Fox Saturday Baseball. In recent years, Sutton continued to broadcast Fox Baseball, Fox Sports 1 High School and College Football, Pac-12 Network basketball, baseball, softball, volleyball, soccer, gymnastics and wrestling, while serving as a spokesman for Perfect Game, hosting a weekly show on MLB Network Radio.
Sutton founded and assisted in the launch of Perfect Game, a streaming network devoted to the coverage of amateur baseball. He serves as the network's Executive Producer and lead host, while acting as the Vice President of Content for Perfect Game. Sutton currently hosts three weekly shows on Sirius XM, MLB Roundtrip with Perfect Game, Perfect Game College Baseball and Perfect Game Softball.
On March 11, 2021, Sutton rejoined the Los Angeles Angels as their secondary play-by-play broadcaster on Bally Sports West, filling in for primary broadcaster Matt Vasgersian when he was broadcasting national games for ESPN and MLB Network. On July 11, 2021, Sutton announced the Angels organization had decided to unexpectedly part ways with him after only 89 games with the network.
In 2022, Sutton joined the Los Angeles Dodgers as their fill-in play-by-play broadcaster on Spectrum SportsNet LA, filling in for primary broadcaster Joe Davis when he was broadcasting national games for Fox Sports.
Personal life
Sutton resides in Scottsdale, Arizona, and is married to Carol Wilsey-Sutton. They are parents to Abbey, Lilly, Tori and Lexi.
Among the various charities that he participates in, Sutton also hosted an annual charity golf tournament in the Phoenix area, which benefitted the Southwest Autism Resource and Research Center, Sutton's Stroke for the Little Folks.
References
External links
Daron Sutton bio page
Daron Sutton Columns at Baseball Prospectus
Perfect Game All American Classic Game Broadcast
Sutton Strokes for Little Folks Golf benefiting SARRC
Pac12 Networks Sutton PlaybyPlay
Pics Sutton Golf Outing for Autism
1969 births
Living people
Arizona Diamondbacks announcers
Atlanta Braves announcers
Auburn University at Montgomery alumni
College baseball announcers in the United States
College basketball announcers in the United States
College football announcers
High school football announcers in the United States
Journalists from Alabama
Los Angeles Angels announcers
Major League Baseball broadcasters
Milwaukee Brewers announcers
People from Milwaukee
Dichogama jessicales is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Schaus in 1940. It is found in Puerto Rico.
References
Moths described in 1940
Dichogamini
Cromlech is an area in the community of Mechell, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 143.3 miles (230.6 km) from Cardiff and 224.6 miles (361.4 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Buy now, pay later (BNPL) is a type of short-term financing that allows consumers to make purchases and pay for them at a future date. BNPL is generally structured like an installment plan money lending process that involves consumers, financiers, and merchants. Financiers pay merchants on behalf of the consumers when goods or services are purchased by the latter. These payments are later repaid by the consumers over time in equal installments. The number of installments and repayment period varies depending on the BNPL financiers.
History
The earliest form of BNPL traces back to the 19th century, when installment plans emerged as a way for consumers to purchase expensive goods (e.g. furniture, pianos and farm equipment) they did not have the funds to buy outright. In India, BNPL is considered similar to the country's traditional paper-based Udhar Khata system, where corner shops, known as kiranas locally, kept manually logged credit ledgers to allow their customers to buy provisions on credit and repay them later.
In the early 21st century, fintech companies developed systems that allowed installment plan lending to be integrated into the payment flow of online shops, allowing a consumer to receive instant credit at the point of sale and pay for a purchase later, based on an agreed schedule. The integration and instant processing elements are what sets BNPL apart from other approaches to consumer lending.
Usage
BNPL has been described as "similar to a credit card but without the hassles of an application process, card-swiping infrastructure, and separate limits for purchases and cash withdrawals". Retailers that partner with BNPL financiers can offer customers the option to pay for purchases using BNPL. If a customer opts to complete the purchase using BNPL, the financier will typically carry out a soft credit check on the customer, and return a decision within seconds. The financier pays the merchant if approval is received, and offers the customer various repayment options. These may include delaying the payment for a short period of time, or spreading the full balance over several smaller payments.
The service is offered for free to the customer, assuming repayment is made. BNPL financiers take a cut from the purchase price of anything they help the merchant to sell. This fee tends to be higher than typical credit or debit card transactions, with processing fees ranging from 2% to 8% per transaction, compared to 1.3% to 3.5% for credit cards.
When consumers fall behind on payments, late fees are typically charged by their financiers, and persistently delinquent accounts may be sold to debt collection agencies.
Issues and criticisms
Normalising debt
BNPL has been criticised for instilling a false sense of financial security in consumers, which could lead to impulse shopping and they might end up spending money they do not have. Influencer marketing of BNPL platforms on social media adds to the attractiveness of using BNPL credit to purchase items, and influencers have been criticised for normalising debt by marketing it as "fun", thereby encouraging overspending.
Lack of regulatory oversight
Consumers that use BNPL generally are less protected by regulation, as compared to other financing options. The BNPL industry remains unregulated or self-regulated in many countries. An example of the latter is Australia, where a voluntary BNPL Code of Practice was introduced in March 2021.
Although BNPL payments are usually interest-free, financiers have been noted to report defaults more frequently than successful repayments to credit-reporting agencies, potentially putting the credit rating of consumers in jeopardy. Checks conducted by financiers on credit bureau scores have also been critiqued for being scant. These checks are cursory, if conducted at all, and mainly evaluate income statements only.
Notes
References
Contract law
Sales
Online payments
Leupoldsgrün is a municipality in Upper Franconia. It can be found in the district of Hof, which is part of Bavaria, Germany.
In 2014 the 26-year-old Annika Popp (CSU) was elected mayor of the town, thus becoming the youngest mayor in Bavaria. She was re-elected in 2020.
References
Hof (district)
Milarrochy Bay is a bay on Loch Lomond, in southern Scotland. It is near the village of Balmaha.
There are a few houses near the bay. Other bays on the east of Loch Lomond include Cashel Bay and Sallochy Bay. The bay has a visitor centre, where you can pick up leaflets about Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park and the surrounding area. There is also a camping and caravanning club site.
The bay is popular with hikers on the West Highland Way, and photographers, who come to capture the famous Milarrochy Bay "lone tree"
References
Bays of Scotland
Protected areas of Stirling (council area)
Nature reserves in Scotland
Landforms of Stirling (council area)
Peter Dendle is a professor of English at Penn State Mont Alto, teaching classes on folklore, 20th and 21st century representations of the Middle Ages, Old and Middle English (language and literature), and the monstrous (in film, folklore, and society). Dendle has written books and articles on a number of topics, including cryptozoology, philology, the demonic in literature, zombie movies, and Medieval plants and medicine. His work on zombies was featured by NPR.
Career
His education includes a B.A. in English and Philosophy (1990) and an M.A. in Philosophy (1993), both from the University of Kentucky, and an M.A. in English from Yale (1991) and a PhD in English from the University of Toronto (1998).
In 2007, National Geographic featured some of the research results from Dendle's monograph Demon Possession in Anglo-Saxon England. Other recent works include peer-reviewed articles on cryptozoology, medieval charms, demon possession, gender in Old Norse and Anglo-Saxon literature, and a translation and analysis of The Old English Life of Malchus and Two Vernacular Tales from the Vitas Patrum in MS Cotton Otho C.i: which appeared in English Studies, 2010.
He is the co-editor of three collections of academic essays on various aspects of the preternatural: Health and Healing from the Medieval Garden (Boydell, 2008), The Ashgate Research Companion to Monsters and the Monstrous (Ashgate, 2012), and The Devil in Society in Premodern Europe (Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies, 2012) with Richard Raiswell (University of Prince Edward Island).
Dendle's The Zombie Movie Encyclopedia (McFarland, 2001) was the first exhaustive overview of the subject, evaluating over 200 movies from 16 countries over a 65-year period starting from the early 1930s. The follow-up volume, The Zombie Movie Encyclopedia, Volume 2: 2000–2010 (McFarland), was published in 2012.
Selected publications
Monographs
Edited Collections
Richard Raiswell with Peter Dendle
Asa Simon Mittman and Peter Dendle,
Peter Dendle and Alain Touwaide (eds.).
References
External links
Peter Dendle at Penn State Mont Alto
"Night of the Living Dendle," Allthingszombie.com interview
Living people
American folklorists
American medievalists
Critics of cryptozoology
21st-century American non-fiction writers
University of Kentucky alumni
Pennsylvania State University faculty
University of Toronto alumni
Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Amamibalcis is a genus of ectoparasitic sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
Species
There are five known species within the genus Amamibalcis:
Amamibalcis comoxensis (Bartsch, 1917)
Amamibalcis conspicuus (Golikov, 1985)
Amamibalcis flavipunctata (Habe, 1961)
Amamibalcis gracillima (G.B. Sowerby II, 1865)
Amamibalcis yessonensis (Rybakov & Yakolev, 1993)
Species brought into synonymy
Amamibalcis kawamurai (Kuroda & Habe, 1950): synonym of Melanella kawamurai (Huroda & Habe, 1950).
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Serif Digital Scrapbook Artist is a digital scrapbooking program for Microsoft Windows.
It has many standard vector graphics features, due to a shared code base with DrawPlus and also includes features designed specifically for digital scrapbooking such as photo frames, auto-flowing of photos into frames, asset management (can load backgrounds, layouts and embellishments from pack files), a cut-out studio, photo adjustments and realistic filters effects. It also includes a selection of high resolution photographic assets, and is capable of exporting 300 DPI images for print or upload to photo sharing websites.
Supported platforms
Digital Scrapbook Artist was developed for Microsoft Windows and is fully compatible with Windows XP, Windows Vista (32/64bit) and Windows 7 (32/64bit).
Features
Object creation and editing
Pencil and Paintbrush tools create freehand curves. The Pen tool creates Bézier curves and the Line tool allows easy creation of straight line segments. All of these tools can also be used to manipulate existing curves.
The context-sensitive Node tool provides control over post-editing objects and nodes.
Digital Scrapbook Artist has a number of QuickShapes which are predefined simple shapes that can be quickly modified with sliders to adjust certain parameters, for example quickly creating rounded rectangles, etc. Shapes include: Rectangles, Ellipses, Stars, Spirals, Cogs, Petals, etc.
Freeform Paint tool creates solid polygons as the user draws with a 'blob' brush.
Eraser tool allows objects to be erased or manipulated intuitively.
Knife tool can be used to simply cut through objects leaving them in multiple, editable pieces.
Advanced colour picker allowing gradients to be sampled and used as fills, in addition to single colour sampling
Digital Scrapbook Artist provides a range of gradient fill and transparency effects.
Digital Scrapbook Artist offers image editing and filters through its PhotoLab and also provides a dedicated background-removal tool in the form of Cutout Studio.
Shadow tool provides an interactive method to add drop and wall shadows to any object.
The Crop tool allows easy cropping of any object(s) including photographs.
Blend tool.
Filter Effects can be applied to any object, giving convincing, realistic effects such as glass, metallic, plastic and other 2D/3D filters.
Layers Control displays previews of each element of the document in a tree-view control for powerful object management and editing.
External links
Official community website
Vector graphics editors
Windows graphics-related software
Windows-only software
Otto "Otl" Aicher (; 13 May 1922 – 1 September 1991) was a German graphic designer and typographer. Aicher co-founded and taught at the influential Ulm School of Design. He is known for having led the design team of the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, and for overseeing the creation of its prominently used system of pictograms. Aicher also developed the Rotis typeface.
Early life and career
Aicher was born in Ulm, in the south-western state of Baden-Württemberg, on 13 May 1922. Aicher was a classmate and friend of Werner Scholl, and through him met Werner's family, including his siblings Hans and Sophie Scholl, both of whom would be executed in 1943 for their membership in the White Rose resistance movement in Nazi Germany. Like the Scholls, Aicher was strongly opposed to the Nazi movement. He was arrested in 1937 for refusing to join the Hitler Youth, and consequently he was failed on his abitur (college entrance) examination in 1941. He was subsequently drafted into the German army to fight in World War II, though he tried to leave at various times. In 1945 he deserted the army, and went into hiding at the Scholls' house in Wutach.
In 1946, after the end of the war, Aicher began studying sculpture at the Academy of Fine Arts Munich. In 1947, he opened his own studio in Ulm.
In 1952 he married Inge Scholl, the older sister of Werner, Hans, and Sophie.
Ulm School of Design
In 1953, along with Inge Scholl and Max Bill, he founded the Ulm School of Design (Hochschule für Gestaltung Ulm), which became one of Germany's leading educational centres for design from its founding until its closure in 1968. Faculty and students included such notable designers as Tomás Maldonado, Peter Seitz, and Anthony Froshaug.
Aicher was heavily involved in corporate branding and considered one of the pioneers of Corporate design. Among others he was influential to the corporate identity of the company Braun and he designed the logo for German airline Lufthansa in 1969.
1972 Munich Olympics
In 1966 Aicher was asked by the organisers of the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich to become the Olympic Games' lead designer. He was asked to create a design for the Olympics that complemented the architecture of the newly built stadium in Munich designed by Günther Behnisch. Aicher consulted with Masaru Katsumie, who had designed the previous 1964 Tokyo Olympic Games.
Basing his work in part on iconography for the 1964 Games, Aicher created a set of pictograms meant to provide a visual interpretation of the sport they featured so that athletes and visitors to the Olympic village and stadium could find their way around. He created pictograms using a series of grid systems and a specific bright colour palette that he chose for these Games. These designs were directly influential on the DOT pictograms, developed in 1974 by the United States Department of Transportation, which applied the same principles to standard public signage such as those for toilets and telephones; the DOT pictograms have in turn been used around the world. The series of pictograms he created was not a simple task; the goal of each pictogram was to function as a clear sign of the activity it represented while simultaneously maintaining its universal comprehension.
Otl Aicher also helped to design the logo of the Munich Olympics. He went through several stages with his design team before finally finding the successful emblem. One of their first ideas was to use an element of the city's coat of arms or Münchner Kindl within the design which showed a monk or child pointing into the distance while clasping a book in his hand. Other ideas were to use the surrounding areas of the city, referencing the sun, mountains and landscape within the design. Finally the "Strahlenkranz" was created, a garland which represented the sun but also the five Olympic rings merged in a spiral shape. Designer Coordt von Mannstein reworked Aicher's original design through a mathematical calculation to amalgamate the garland and spiral together to get the final design.
The colours chosen for the designs of the games were selected to reflect the tones of the Alps. The mountains in blue and white would make up the palette of colours which also included green, orange and silver. The colours were used to identify allocated themes such as media, technical services, celebrity hospitality and public functions and each had a different colour so visitors could differentiate the themes around the stadium and village. Uniforms were colour-coordinated to represent these themes, the Olympic staff could be identified as working for a particular department by the colour they were wearing.
Aicher used the typeface Univers for the Olympic designs. The design team produced 21 sports posters to advertise the sports at the games, using the official design colours and also including the logo and "München 1972". The design team used a technique called "posterization" for the graphics on the posters, separating the tonal qualities from the images in a manual process and using the official munich colours for these games. The first of these posters was a poster of the Olympic stadium which became the official poster for these games. The posters were displayed all around the city of Munich and around the Olympic sites. Posters were hung in twos alongside posters designed by famous artists chosen to represent this Olympics such as David Hockney, R. B. Kitaj, Tom Wesselmann and Allen Jones.
He also created the first official Olympic Mascot, a striped dachshund named Waldi.
Later work
In 1980 Otl Aicher became a consultant of the kitchen manufacturer Bulthaup. He created the Rotis font family in 1988, naming it after the location of his domicile and design studio near the rural town of Leutkirch im Allgäu. His typeface is still used by Bulthaup today.
Aicher also designed logos for the University of Konstanz and the Munich Airport among others.
Death and after
Aicher died in Günzburg on 1 September 1991, after he was struck by a motorbike while mowing the grass at Rotis.
Aicher was honored by the Munich City Council on 6 May 2010, when a street, Otl-Aicher-Straße, in the City's Borough No. 12 (Schwabing-Freimann) was named after him. The Leutkirch Realschule also bears his name.
Publications
Aicher wrote many books on design and other subjects, including:
"The Kitchen is for Cooking" (1982)
"Walking in the Desert" (1982)
"Critique of the Automobile" (1984)
"Inside the War" (1985)
"The World as Design" (Die Welt Als Entwurf) (1991)
"Analog and Digital" (Analog Und Digital) (1991)
Publications on Otl Aicher and his work:
Foster, Norman: Otl Aicher 1991. In: David Jenkins (Hg.): On Foster ... Foster On, München: Prestel, 2000, pp. 592–595,
Rathgeb, Markus: Otl Aicher - Design as a method of action. PhD thesis at The University of Reading, 2001
Rathgeb, Markus: Otl Aicher. Phaidon Press, 2006, . (Monograph)
References
External links
Biography at linotype.com
Otl Aicher, Museum of Modern Art (MOMA), New York City
Article on Aicher's Munich Olympics work
72:Otl Aicher and the Munich Olympiad – February 2007 museum exhibition
Biography at 72 exhibition
Otl Aicher otl-aicher.de
München braucht eine Otl-Aicher-Straße Project to honor the work of Otl Aicher as a communication designer in Munich.
Spiele: Otl Aicher's Olympic Graphic Design 2008 exhibition in San Jose, California
Official repository of Otl Aicher's pictograms
1922 births
1991 deaths
German designers
German graphic designers
Information graphic designers
Design researchers
Design educators
German architecture writers
Logo designers
German typographers and type designers
Road incident deaths in Germany
People from Ulm
Academy of Fine Arts, Munich alumni
Ulm School of Design faculty
German Army personnel of World War II
Deserters
Events in the year 2010 in the European Union.
2010 was designated as the:
European Year for Combating Poverty & Social Exclusions
Incumbents
President of the European Council – Herman Van Rompuy
Commission President – José Manuel Barroso
Council Presidency – (Jan–Jun 2010) and (Jul–Dec 2010)
Parliament President – Jerzy Buzek
High Representative – Catherine Ashton
Events
January
1 January
Spain takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for the fourth time from Sweden. It is the first country to hold the presidency under the Lisbon Treaty and the new ‘trio presidency system' that sees Spain work with the next two countries to hold the office, Belgium and Hungary.
The Ruhr area (Germany), Pécs (Hungary) and Istanbul (Turkey) share the title of European Capital of Culture for 2010.
11–19 January – European Parliament committees conduct a series of hearings with the 26 nominees for the next College of European Commissioners.
20 January – Mr Nikiforos Diamandouros is elected as European Ombudsman for a second time.
26 January – The amount offered by the EU to relief and rehabilitation efforts in Haiti rises to €400 million, after the country was hit by an earthquake reaching 7.0 on the Richter scale.
February
9 February – The European Parliament approves the Barroso II Commission: the result is 488 votes in favour to 137 votes against, with 72 abstentions.
11 February – At an informal meeting in Brussels, Heads of state and government agree to support the Greek government in its efforts to meet the Stability Programme targets for 2010. President Barroso presents his priorities for the EUROPE 2020 strategy, outlining how the EU should chart its way out of the crisis while building a new economic model.
25 February – The European Court of Justice rules that Israeli goods made in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank cannot be considered Israeli.
March
14–18 March – EU High Representative Catherine Ashton visits the Mid-East including Egypt, Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Israel, and the Palestinian Territories.
26 March – At a European Council meeting in Brussels, EU leaders adopt Europe 2020 targets and all 16 eurozone countries back a plan to help Greece deal with its deficit.
April
10 April – Polish President Lech Kaczynski, his wife, and other public and military figures die in a plane crash on their way to Smolensk in Russia to commemorate 70 years since the Katyn massacre.
May
7 May – Heads of State and Government within the euro area agree to deeper fiscal consolidation, stronger economic coordination and budgetary surveillance to defend the euro.
June
17 June – At a European Council meeting in Brussels, EU leaders adopt a 10-year strategy for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth: Europe 2020. They also decide to open accession negotiations with Iceland.
21 June – EU institutions reach a political agreement on the structure of the European External Action Service, and how it will function.
July
1 July – Belgium takes over the Presidency from Spain. Priorities, including the economy and the environment, were drawn up at an earlier date in conjunction with Spain and Hungary who share the 18-month period of rotating presidency.
23 July – 91 European banks undergo stress tests to assess their resilience to economic shocks. All but seven pass the tests.
August
18 August – The EU announces that it has provided a total of €70 million to help those affected by the recent monsoon floods in Pakistan.
September
29 September – The EU voices support for Europe's Roma population, speaking out against any restrictions on the free movement of EU citizens.
October
20 October – Mr Staffan Nilsson is elected as European Economic and Social Committee's President for a two and a half year term.
29 October – European Council discusses strengthening the eurozone and making economies more crisis-proof.
November
12 November – G20 leaders at the Seoul summit commit to a joint Action Plan to encourage more balanced growth within the global economy.
28 November – The EU agrees to support the Irish economy to help safeguard the stability of the euro.
December
11 December – The Cancún climate conference concludes with the signing of a comprehensive agreement for climate action after 2012.
20 December – The enhanced cooperation procedure (EU laws only applying in some EU countries initially) is used for the first time, as the European Council agrees on the rights of international couples living within the EU to choose which country's rules apply should they decide to separate.
European Capitals of Culture
The European Capital of Culture is a city designated by the European Union for a period of one calendar year, during which it organises a series of cultural events with a strong European dimension.
Essen, Germany (representing the Ruhr)
Istanbul, Turkey
Pécs, Hungary
See also
History of the European Union
Timeline of European Union history
References
EUROPA — The official EU web portal
European Union, How the EU works, history, 2010 (europa.eu) is the main source for this list.
Years of the 20th century in the European Union
2010s in the European Union
Myles Lynn Deering (born 1953) is a retired Army National Guard major general who served as the adjutant general of Oklahoma. General Deering was appointed by Governor of Oklahoma Brad Henry in 2009 following the promotion of Harry M. Wyatt III to the position of director, Air National Guard. On December 10, 2010, Governor-elect Mary Fallin announced that she would retain General Deering in his position as adjutant general.
As adjutant general, General Deering is the highest-ranking member of the Oklahoma National Guard. He is responsible for managing the affairs of the Oklahoma Military Department and for advising the governor, who is the Commander-in-Chief of the Guard. Additionally, Governor Henry and Governor Fallin both appointed General Deering to serve as the Secretary of the Military in the governor's cabinet.
Military career
Myles Deering enlisted in the United States Army Reserve in October 1971. In 1974, he transferred into the Texas Army National Guard and entered the Officer Candidate School program. He received his commission as a second lieutenant in 1976 in the 36th Infantry Brigade. Lieutenant Deering then transferred to the Oklahoma Army National Guard's 45th Infantry Brigade in 1977. In March 1980 he was promoted to the rank of captain and assumed command of the Combat Support Company, 1st Battalion, 180th Infantry Regiment. By December 1981, Captain Deering was assigned to the 45th Infantry Brigade's headquarters where he served as an intelligence assistant. In 1983, Deering became the commander of Company C, 1st Battalion, 180th Infantry Regiment based in Holdenville, Oklahoma.
In May 1986, Captain Deering moved to the 700th Support Battalion in Oklahoma City, where he served as that Battalion's executive officer. He was promoted to major in February 1988. After briefly being assigned to the headquarters of the 45th Infantry Brigade, Major Deering returned to the 700th Support Battalion in 1992 and assumed command of that unit with his promotion to lieutenant colonel. In June 1995, Colonel Deering became the executive officer for the 45th Infantry Brigade. Colonel Deering was selected to serve as the secretary to the General Staff at Headquarters of the Oklahoma National Guard. He would then be assigned to serve as the director of the Human Resources Directorate within the Headquarters. He was promoted to full colonel in July 1999.
Colonel Deering would become the director for plans, operations, and training for the Oklahoma Army National Guard. In that position, Colonel Deering was responsible for all operations and training within the Army Guard. He would next serve as Chief of the Joint Staff for the Joint Force Headquarters in May 2003. By December 2004, Colonel Deering was reassigned to 45th Infantry Brigade and assumed command of the entire brigade as a brigadier general (with promotion in February 2005).
Within months of assuming command of the 45th Infantry Brigade, General Deering was deployed to New Orleans as commander of the Oklahoma National Guard's Joint Task Force following the devastation of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita. Upon his arrival, he assumed command over 15,500 Army, National Guard, and Marine personnel providing disaster relief operations and support. In October 2007, General Deering and the 45th Infantry Brigade were deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. He served as the commander, Joint Area Support Group – Central for Multi-National Force – Iraq. He returned in November 2008 and was promoted to major general on November 13, 2008, with his assignment as director, manpower and personnel (J-1) at the National Guard Bureau in the Pentagon in Washington, D.C. He was appointed as the Adjutant General of the Oklahoma National Guard in February 2009.
Henry administration
On February 3, 2009, Governor of Oklahoma Brad Henry appointed General Deering to become the Adjutant General of Oklahoma. In that position, Deering is responsible for the operations and has command over all aspects of the Oklahoma Army and Air National Guard.
Fallin administration
On December 10, 2010, Governor-elect Mary Fallin announced that she would retain General Deering under her administration in both of his positions as secretary of the military and as adjutant general.
Personal life
Deering received a Bachelor of Business Administration in Management from the University of Oklahoma in 1980. He also received a Master of Science degree in Natural and Applied Sciences from Oklahoma State University in 1996 and a Master of Strategic Studies from the United States Army War College in 2000.
Dates of ranks
Decorations and badges
References
External links
Official National Guard Bureau biography
1953 births
Living people
United States Army generals
National Guard (United States) generals
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
State cabinet secretaries of Oklahoma
United States Army personnel of the Iraq War
Military leaders of the Iraq War
University of Oklahoma alumni
Oklahoma State University alumni
Recipients of the Meritorious Service Medal (United States)
Avdancık is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Eglė Karpavičiūtė (born 1984) is a Lithuanian painter.
Biography
Work
Awards
2015: Donkey Art Prize, Milan, Italy
2015: Premio Combat Prize, Livorno, Italy
Shows
2010: Science Fiction. Retrospective, Old Town art gallery/studio, Vilnius
2012: Imagoscopia, Pramantha Arte, Lamezia Terme, Italy
References
1984 births
Living people
Lithuanian painters
Vilnius Academy of Arts alumni
Kumasi (historically spelled Comassie or Coomassie, usually spelled Kumase in Twi) is a city in the Ashanti Region, and is among the largest metropolitan areas in Ghana. Kumasi is located in a rain forest region near Lake Bosomtwe, and is the commercial, industrial and cultural capital of the historical Ashanti Empire. Kumasi is approximately north of the Equator and north of the Gulf of Guinea. Kumasi is alternatively known as "The Garden City" because of its many species of flowers and plants in the past. It is also called Oseikrom (Osei Tutu's town).
Kumasi is the second-largest city in Ghana, after the capital, Accra. The Central Business District of Kumasi includes areas such as Adum, Bantama, Pampaso and Bompata (popularly called Roman Hill), with a concentration of banks, department stalls, and hotels. Economic activities in Kumasi include financial and commercial sectors, pottery, clothing and textiles. There is a significant timber processing community in Kumasi serving the domestic market. Bantama High Street and Prempeh II Street in Bantama and Adum, respectively, are the business and entertainment hubs in Kumasi.
History
Origins
There is evidence that the area around Kumasi has been kept cleared since the Neolithic age and that the first human settlement was at Lake Bosomtwe.
Etymology
The name derives from the Twi language, meaning 'under the Kum tree'. The word "ase" or "asi" means 'under', 'down' or 'below', and is used in many place names in Ghana, such as Obuasi, Daboase, and Kenyasi.
Around the end of the 17th century, the Ashanti Kingdom's chief fetish Priest, Okomfo Anokye planted three kum trees at different places: one at Kwaaman, ruled by the Nananom Ayokofuo; a second one at Apemso-Bankofo, ruled by Nananom Aduanafuo; and a third at a village near Fomena and Amoafo called Oboani, which was ruled by Nananom Ɛkoɔnafuo. Komfuo wanted to see which of these would become a great city for the kingdom, as he was directed by the oracles. The kum tree at Kwaaman flourished so vigorously that the King and his people often sat underneath, and so Kwaaman became Kum-ase, meaning 'under kum.
The tree at Oboani was, however, very tiny and for no apparent reason was relatively short. According to oral tradition, this small tree produced other trees which were all small in size. The name of the village was changed to Kuma, meaning 'small kum.
The kum tree at Apemso-Bankofo did not grow at all. After a few weeks the leaves rotted and the tree fell down; so it was said that the village's kum tree was dead, and the village became Kum-awu, later Kumawu.
Ashanti Empire
The city rose to prominence in 1695 when it became capital of the Ashanti Empire due to the activities of its ruler Osei Tutu. The ruler of Kumasi, known as the Asantehene, also served as ruler of the empire. With their 1701 victory over Denkyira the Ashanti empire became the primary state among the Ashantis. Parts of the city, including the then royal residence, were burnt by the British in the Third Anglo-Ashanti War of 1874.
Lady Mary Alice Hodgson, the first English lady to visit Ashanti, wrote "The Siege of Kumasi", an account of the siege of the fort by the nationals of Ashanti and of the subsequent march to the coast. (She was the daughter of Hon. W. A. G. Young, C.M.G., former governor of the Gold Coast, and the wife of Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson, K.C.M.G., the governor of the Gold Coast in 1900.)
In 1926, following the return of the Ashanti King Prempeh I after a 30-year exile, Kumasi was restored as the ceremonial control over the Ashanti sub-states .The full role of king was restored by the colonial administration in 1935. The city holds an important place in the history of the Ashanti people, as legend claims that it was here Okomfo Anokye received the golden stool.
Geography
The city features a tropical wet and dry climate, with relatively constant temperatures throughout the course of the year. Kumasi averages around 1400 mm (55") of rain per year.
The city almost features two rainy seasons: a longer season from March through July and a shorter rainy season from September to November.
The months of February through to November is one long wet season, with a relative lull in precipitation in August. Similar to the rest of West Africa, Kumasi experiences the harmattan during the "low sun" months. Lasting from December to February, the harmattan is the primary source of the city's dry season.
Climate
Like other parts of Ghana, Kumasi has a tropical savanna climate (Köppen climate classification Aw), with a wet season and a dry season and the temperature being hot year-round. The average annual high temperature is , while the average annual low temperature is . The hottest time of year is from February to May, around the time the wet season starts. February has the highest average high at . April has the highest average low at . August has the lowest average high at . January has the lowest average low at .
Kumasi receives of rain over 128 precipitation days, with a distinct wet and dry season like the rest of Ghana. The dry season is short, lasting from November to February. June, the wettest month, receives of rainfall over 17 precipitation days on average. Kumasi receives 1951.8 hours of sunshine annually on average, with the sunshine being distributed fairly evenly across the year, with a noticeable dip from June to October. March receives the most sunshine, while August receives the least.
Culture
Features of the city include Fort Kumasi (built by in 1896 to replace an Asante fort and now a museum) and the Kumasi Hat Museum.
Royal Asante attractions include the Kumasi National Cultural Centre (including the Prempeh II Jubilee Museum with Asante regalia with a reproduction of the golden stool), the Okomfo Anokye Sword, the Asantehene's Palace (built in 1972), and the Manhyia Palace, dating from 1925, now a museum.
Places of worship
Among the places of worship, which are predominantly Christian churches and temples, are: Methodist Church, Presbyterian Church of Ghana, Church of the Province of West Africa, (Anglican Communion), Seventh-day Adventist Church Evangelical Presbyterian Church, Ghana (World Communion of Reformed Churches), Christ Apostolic Church International (which was the first Pentecostal church in Ghana) Ghana Baptist Convention (Baptist World Alliance), Lighthouse Chapel International, Church of Pentecost, Assemblies of God, and Catholic Church Archdiocese of Kumasi (Catholic Church). There are also Muslim mosques which include: Kumasi Central mosque, Ahmadiyya mosque, Alhaj mosque, Kaase-Nhyiaeso mosque and Rahman mosque.
Economy
The main occupations in Kumasi are professional such as services and manufacturing.
Mining and exports
Manufacturing
Kumasi has 50% of the timber industry of Ghana, and the Kaasi Industrial Area plays an important role in the local industry. The Guinness Ghana Breweries is based in Kumasi.
Energy
Solar panels are prevalent in Kumasi and throughout the Ashanti region. Solar energy technology is a major energy source and contributor of electricity generation in region.
Commerce
Much of the shopping and trading activity in the city takes place at Kumasi's shopping streets, in and around Kejetia Market and Adum. These two areas – Kejetia and Adum – have a common boundary. There is also heavy economic activities at Bantama and Asafo. Asafo in particular is the printing hub of Kumasi. Most of the printing done in Kumasi and Ashanti Region as a whole is done at Asafo. Kumasi's Ahwiaa (a sub-town in Kumasi) is also well noted for its wood carvings and arts.
FM Stations
Adehye FM
Education
Primary school
There are both government-assisted primary schools in Kumasi and also private primary schools in Kumasi which educate boys and girls between the ages from 6 to 15.
Secondary education
There are elite all-boys and all-girls senior high schools such as Prempeh College, Opoku Ware School, Yaa Asantewaa Girls' Senior High School and St. Louis Senior High School in Kumasi. There are also many elite mixed senior high schools such as Kumasi Academy and Anglican Senior High School, and a host of other public secondary schools, as well as their private counterparts in the city.
Tertiary institutions
The Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, Kumasi (formerly the Kumasi College of Technology) is the biggest university in the Ashanti Region and the first biggest in Ghana followed by the University of Ghana. Former Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan attended this institution.
A number of other public and private universities and tertiary institutions have since been founded in Kumasi, some of which are listed below.
Transportation
Air
Kumasi is served by the Kumasi Airport. As of May 2020 two airlines offered regularly scheduled flights to Accra. Airlines servicing the airport included Africa World Airlines and Passion Air. In 2013, the Government of Ghana approved expansion plans to the Kumasi Airport to service international flights into the region. The renovation project will span three development stages, with all work expected to be completed by October 2022.
Bus and taxicab
There is public transportation from Kumasi to major cities such as Accra; Tamale, Mim, Ahafo ; Cape Coast, Sunyani; Takoradi; Tema; Ho; Wa; Bolgatanga; Elubo; Aflao, Techiman;
Public transport in the city is provided by transit buses, a mix of privately owned mini-buses known as tro-tros, taxicabs and buses. Tro-tros are usually converted mini-buses that run regular, well-known routes. Some taxis also run regular routes, which cost more but provide for a more comfortable ride.
In 2002, the city introduced the metro bus services, a rapid transit system for public road transport in Kumasi (MetroMass). This was to reduce congestion on roads and to make a larger and more organised bus routine system in the city.
In 2017, Uber introduced services in Kumasi, a year after a successful introduction in Accra.
Rail
Kumasi is served by the railway lines to Sekondi-Takoradi and Accra. The train service has been suspended for several years because of damaged track, bridges and locomotives. Currently, no trains run to and fro Kumasi due to the collapse of the railway corporation. A $6 billion project to upgrade the railways was due to get underway in 2011.
Port
, construction of the Boankra Inland Port, about away, has come to a halt.
Sports
The local football (soccer) team, the Kumasi Asante Kotoko has won several national and continental trophies and awards, and serves as a rival to the Accra-based Hearts of Oak. Their Kumasi Sports Stadium, also known as Baba Yara Stadium, was built in 1959, renovated in 1978, and again in 2007 with a seating capacity of 40,000. It is also the home of King Faisal Football Club, a premier division side.
There is the Royal Golf Club which has the Asantehene as president. Former Leeds United and Ghana national football team footballer Tony Yeboah and professional wrestler Kofi Kingston was born in Kumasi, by the real name Kofi Sarkodie-Mensah.
Healthcare
Kumasi has the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital to support medical training at the university, the West End Hospital, several other private hospitals, public clinics and hospitals. Recommended private medical facilities include Kumasi Rabito Clinic located at Ahondwo-Daban Kumasi behind the Unity Oil Filling Station.There is also the KNUST hospital that serves people in the university and surrounding communities.
Recreational parks and gardens
Kumasi has four recreational parks which are opened to the public. The list of recreational parks is Abbey's Park which is located some few meters away from Kejetia, Jackson's Park, Hero's Park located on the same premises as the Baba Yara Sports Stadium, and finally the Rattray Park which was commissioned in 2015.
International relations
Twin towns and sister cities
Kumasi is twinned with:
* Numbers in date column list the year of twinning.
See also
Lake Bosomtwe
Ashanti Goldfields Corporation
AngloGold Ashanti
Notes
External links
References
Populated places in the Ashanti Region
Regional capitals in Ghana
Ashanti Empire
Capitals of former nations
Populated places established in 1680
1680 establishments in Africa
Ryde Academy is an academy status secondary school, including sixth form, located in Ryde on the Isle of Wight, England.
History
Education on the school site began with Ryde High School which was a 13–18 school built and opened in 1964 to accommodate the expanding population of Ryde, the largest town on the Isle of Wight. The school was successful in achieving a Specialist Languages Status and a Media and Arts Specialism. In 2008 the Isle of Wight education authority decided to abolish the tripartite education system (of First schools, Middle Schools and High Schools) and instead adopt the two stage, Primary School and Secondary school model used by the majority of authorities in England. According to the new two stage model Ryde High School would be extended from the 712 pupils of 13–18 age range, and it would become an Academy for 1200 pupils aged 11–18.
Academy chains were invited to bid for the contract to run the new Ryde Academy 11–18 school. The contract was won by Academies Enterprise Trust which took over Ryde Academy (and also two other schools on the Isle of Wight: Sandown Bay Academy and Weston Academy) in 2012.
In 2014, Ryde Academy was successful in acquiring the site of a local primary school which was closing, and this became the new Haylands Sixth Form Centre.
The last headteacher of Ryde High School was Linda McGowan. The first Principal of Ryde Academy was Rob Hoddle who resigned in 2013. He was replaced by the Vice Principal, Debbie Price, who became acting Principal in Nov 2013 until a new principal could be appointed. Dr Rory Fox was appointed as Executive Principal to provide external support to Mrs Price. Eric Jackson took over leadership of the Academy in January 2015, and Joy Ballard was appointed as Principal for September 2015.
Academic achievements
In 2007 Ryde High School was commended by the Department for Education (called DfES at the time) for its achievements with disadvantaged pupils. In 2010, before Ryde High School became Ryde Academy, it was judged by OFSTED to be providing a "Satisfactory" quality of education. In its first inspection as an Academies Enterprise Trust (AET) school, OFSTED judged that standards were "inadequate".
GCSE results since 2004 have improved as follows:
In the summer of 2014 Ryde Academy reported its biggest ever improvement in results, with a 200% improvement in the proportion of pupils gaining A/A* grades In the Summer of 2015, when AET asked Eric Jackson (from AET's "troubled" Sandown Bay Academy) to lead Ryde Academy, the GCSE results plummeted to 36% (compared to Carisbrooke College 53% and Priory School 54%).
A level results have gone from 3% of pupils gaining A/A* results in 2010, to 50% of pupils gaining A/A* in 2016.
In terms of its OFSTED grades, the academy has improved steadily from "inadequate" in 2013 to "requires improvement" in 2014, to "good" in Nov 2016. The leader of the Isle of Wight Council, Jonathan Bacon, said: "This is great news...I have no doubt that the school will continue to build upon this achievement..." Principal, Joy Ballard, said: "I'm fed up reading about what a bad deal the island's education system seems to be giving to its kids."
Extra curricular and community achievements
Rock Challenge: the academy competes each year and in 2013 won the Southern Premier competition. In 2015 Ryde Academy came second in the national finals.
Young Enterprise Challenge. The Ryde High School team won the 2010 Isle of Wight finals.
National Citizen Service events, including in 2016 a residential event at Marwell Zoo, followed by a second week at PGL Little Canada. as well as hosting tea parties for local residential care homes at the Sixth Form Centre.
International links: in February 2011, Ryde High were the first school in the country to send students to Bangladesh on a trip. The students went as part of the Connecting Classrooms project and visited five schools around the country.
Financial Management: Prior to joining the Academies Enterprise Trust Ryde High School was suffering from a significant deficit in the region of £1m. but by 2015 the academy had managed to reverse that situation, into a surplus of more than £1m.
Controversies
In 2014 there was a crackdown on school uniform which led to an estimated 250 to 300 pupils being removed from lessons and sent home or placed in isolation, due to uniform infringements. which included issues with skirt length, shoes and socks, and trousers. Some pupils were sent home and some were placed in Isolation and the incident received widespread coverage from BBC South Today, The Times, The Telegraph and the Loose Women television show. As a result of the Academy's action's some parents removed their children from the school and Academies Enterprise Trust said that they fully supported Ryde Academy.
In 2014 a controversy erupted when teaching unions at Ryde academy were challenged for defending poorly performing teachers who were accused of letting down the education of the children within the academy. Matters came to a head in Feb 2015 when under-performing union members were due to be dismissed, but Ian Comfort, the CEO of Academies Enterprise Trust intervened to prevent that from taking place.
In Jan 2015 OFSTED criticized the Academies Enterprise Trust for failing to provide enough support to Ryde Academy in order to help the academy to improve standards at a faster rate. When academic standards at neighboring Sandown Bay Academy collapsed and Academies Enterprise Trust were unable to improve the school, they announced in 2017 a plan to close Sandown Bay Academy and the transfer of all the pupils to Ryde Academy. The principal and governors of Ryde announced that they had not even been consulted about the plan and that they had discovered it from AET's press statements. There were widespread protests across the Isle of Wight about the poor performance of AET and the way that AET were behaving with the Island's schools, leading to a demand that AET should be removed from managing all schools on the Isle of Wight, including Ryde Academy.
Notable former pupils and staff
Kelly Sotherton – English heptathlete
Razzle (musician) - drummer of Finnish glam rock band Hanoi Rocks
External links
References
Academies on the Isle of Wight
Secondary schools on the Isle of Wight
Academies Enterprise Trust
Ryde
2011 establishments in England
Daniel Israel Arnon (November 14, 1910 – December 20, 1994) was a Polish-born American plant physiologist whose research led to greater insights into the operation of photosynthesis and nutrition in plants. In the first part of his professional career, the so-called "Plant Nutrition Years (1936-1950)", Arnon and collaborators discovered the essentiality of molybdenum for the growth of all plants and of vanadium for the growth of green algae. In the second one, the so-called "Photosynthesis Period (1951-1978)", plant micronutrient work led him to photosynthesis. In 1954, Arnon, Mary Belle Allen and F. Robert Whatley discovered photophosphorylation in vitro. Arnon served as president of the American Society of Plant Physiologists from 1952 to 1953.
Early life and education
Arnon was born on November 14, 1910, in Warsaw, Poland, to a Jewish family. Summers spent on the family's farm helped foster Arnon's interest in agriculture. His father had lost the family's food wholesale business after World War I. Reading about scientific agriculture in the works of Jack London, led him to save his money and apply to the University of California in the United States of America.
Career
Arnon enrolled as a student in the University of California from Poland, and would spend his entire professional career at the university, until his retirement in 1978. He earned his Bachelor's degree in 1932 and his Ph.D. in plant physiology in 1936 at UC Berkeley under the supervision of Dennis R. Hoagland.
Some of Arnon's earliest research focused on growing plants in nutrient-enriched water rather than soil. Together with his supervisor, he further developed the Hoagland solution which was published in modified form as Hoagland's solution (1, 2) in 1938. After Hoagland's death, it was further revised by Arnon in 1950. Arnon became an Assistant Professor at the University of California in 1941.
During World War II, Arnon served as a major in the Army Air Corps of the United States Army and was sent to the Pacific Theater of Operations. From 1943 to 1946 he used his prior experience with plant nutrition on Ponape Island, where there was no arable land available. He was able to grow food to feed the troops stationed there using gravel and nutrient-enriched water.
After returning from military service in 1946, Arnon became an Associate Professor of cell physiology at the University of California, Berkeley. He investigated plant nutrition and the contributions of micronutrients such as molybdenum for the growth of all plants and of vanadium for the growth of green algae.
In the 1950s, Arnon performed research with Mary Belle Allen and F. Robert Whatley on chloroplasts and their role in photosynthesis, identifying a process which they named "photosynthetic phosphorylation". The group demonstrated how energy from sunlight is used to form adenosine triphosphate, the energy transport messenger within living cells, by adding a third phosphorus group to adenosine diphosphate. In 1954, they reproduced the process in a laboratory, making them the first to successfully demonstrate the chemical function of photosynthesis, producing sugar and starch from inputs of carbon dioxide and water in vitro.
Arnon served as president of the American Society of Plant Physiologists from 1952 to 1953. Arnon served as the editor of the Annual Review of Plant Physiology (now the Annual Review of Plant Biology) for 1956.
Awards
In 1961 Arnon was elected to the National Academy of Sciences,
in 1962 to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences,
and in 1974 to the Leopoldina.
In 1973, he was awarded the National Medal of Science for "his fundamental research into the mechanism of green plant utilization of light to produce chemical energy and oxygen and for contributions to our understanding of plant nutrition." In 1940, together with Dennis Hoagland, he received the AAAS Newcomb Cleveland Prize for the work "Availability of Nutrients with Special Reference to Physiological Aspects".
The Arnon Lecture has been held annually at UC Berkeley since 2000 in early March in honour of the late Professor Daniel I. Arnon. Speakers have made significant contributions to photosynthesis or a related field and are selected by the Arnon Lecture Committee.
Family
A resident of Kensington, California, Arnon died at age 84 on December 20, 1994, in Berkeley, California, of complications resulting from cardiac arrest. He had three daughters and two sons. His wife, the former Lucile Soulé, died in 1986.
References
External links
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
1910 births
1994 deaths
National Medal of Science laureates
People from Kensington, California
Researchers of photosynthesis
UC Berkeley College of Natural Resources alumni
University of California, Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Plant physiologists
20th-century American botanists
Jewish American scientists
Polish emigrants to the United States
United States Army personnel of World War II
Annual Reviews (publisher) editors
20th-century American Jews
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Dynoides brevispina is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
brevispina
Post-coital tristesse (PCT), also known as post-coital dysphoria, is the feeling of sadness, anxiety, agitation or aggression, after sexual intercourse or masturbation. Its name comes from New Latin postcoitalis and French tristesse, literally "sadness". Many people with PCT may exhibit strong feelings of anxiety lasting from five minutes to two hours after coitus.
The phenomenon is attributed to the Greek medical writer Galen, who is supposed to have written that "Every animal is sad after coitus except the human female and the rooster." However, this quotation is not found in Galen's surviving writings, so it may be a later fabrication. Sigmund Freud and Havelock Ellis were familiar with the proverb, which they both attributed to an anonymous author, and it was not until decades later that the maxim became connected with Galen among sexologists.
The philosopher Baruch Spinoza, in his Tractatus de Intellectus Emendatione, wrote: "For as far as sensual pleasure is concerned, the mind is so caught up in it, as if at peace in a [true] good, that it is quite prevented from thinking of anything else. But after the enjoyment of sensual pleasure is passed, the greatest sadness follows. If this does not completely engross, still it thoroughly confuses and dulls the mind." Arthur Schopenhauer, writing later on the phenomenon, observed that "directly after copulation the devil's laughter is heard."
One study reported that among a sample of 1208 male participants, 40% of them had experienced PCT at least once in their lifetime and 20% reported experiencing PCT in the four weeks preceding the study. This study also reports that 3–4% of the sample experienced PCT symptoms on a regular basis. According to the same study, PCT among males is associated with current psychological distress, sexual abuse during childhood, and with several sexual dysfunctions.
With respect to symptoms in women, one study involved an epidemiological survey of post-coital psychological symptoms in a United Kingdom population sample of female twins: it found that 3.7% of these women reported suffering from recent PCT and 7.7% of them reported suffering PCT for a long time. Another study reported that almost half of female university students reported PCT symptoms at least once in their lifetime. The study also reported that there appeared to be no correlation between PCT and intimacy in close relationships.
See also
Prolactin
La petite mort
Post Coïtum, Animal Triste, 1997 film
References
External links
Sexual health
Orgasm
French medical phrases
Firmin Peigneux (1904–1968) was a Belgian colonial administrator. He was governor of Kasaï Province in the Belgian Congo from 1948 to 1952.
Life
Firmin J. A. Peigneux was born in 1904 in the village of Moha, Liège.
His parents were Arthur Joseph Peigneux (1876–1942) and Flore Lega (1879–1952).
He joined the colonial service and arrived in the Belgian Congo in 1925 at the age of 21.
Peigneux spent his entire colonial career in the southwest of the Belgian Congo, in Bas-Congo, Léopoldville and Kasaï.
In 1926 his supervisor said in an evaluation report, "This officer has the qualities needed to become an elite administrator in the short term."
He was sensible, tactful and thoughtful in his dealings with the natives, and that had earned him the confidence of leaders and elders.
Pierre Ryckmans travelled through Bas-Congo District in 1930–1931 investigating labor conditions.
He reached the territory of Thysville on 6 November 1930, where Peigneux was the administrator 1st class.
He found that censuses had badly under-counted dependent women and children, and excessive numbers of Africans were being employed by the European companies and on the railway.
The north of the territory, near the river, held the center of Kimbanguism.
Peigneux showed Ryckmans examples of Kimbanguist chants, psalm-like hymns that proclaimed the glory of the pure and the confusion of the unfaithful, Black and White, when Jesus would return.
They interpreted the Old Testament curses against evil kings as allusions to missionaries and administrators.
Peigneux became commissioner of Kwango District, with capital at Kikwit.
He became Governor of Kasaï Province on 19 July 1948, replacing Léon A. Hofkens.
He held office until 11 April 1952, and was replaced by Roger Le Bussy.
Peigneux had been recalled to Belgium for health reasons.
He was one of the few provincial governors who were openly socialist in their views.
Peigneux was admitted to the Order of Léopold on 15 November 1946.
He was promoted to the rank of officer on 19 October 1949.
Peigneux's signature as a director, and that of governor Hector Martin, appears on notes of the Central Bank of Belgian Congo and Rwanda-Burundi (Banque Centrale du Congo Belge et du Ruanda-Urundi) between 1956 and 1958.
In 1957 he was elected a member of the International Institute of Differing Civilizations.
He was a member of a commission of inquiry sent to Rwanda in January 1960 to report on the violence there in November 1959.
He died in 1968 in Huy, Liège at the age of 64.
Publications
Notes
Sources
1904 births
1968 deaths
People from Liège Province
Governors of Kasaï (former province)
Governors of provinces of the Belgian Congo
Junction 88 is a 1948 American musical film, telling the story of an aspiring songwriter. It was directed by George P. Quigley. The film is part of the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture collection. The 16 mm film captured on acetate runs 50 minutes.
J. Augustus Smith and Herbert Junior wrote the songs.
Cast
Bob Howard
Dewey "Pigmeat" Markham
Noble Sissel
Wyatt Clark as Buster
Marie Cooke a Lolly
Gus Smith as Pop
Abbie Mitchell as Mom
Artie Belle McGinty as Mrs. Jenkins
George Wiltshire as Reverend Juniper
Herbert Junior as Onnie
Alonso Bosan as (Alonzo Bozan) as Charlie
Maude Simmons as Lady
Al Young as Old Man
Augustus Smith Jr. As Chinka Pin
References
Further reading
AFI catalog entry
External links
Full film at Youtube.com
1948 musical films
The Clear Creek Meeting House is a Friends meeting house located at 14365 N. 350th Ave., southeast of McNabb, in Magnolia Township, Putnam County, Illinois. The meeting house was built in 1875 to house the Illinois Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends, also known as the Quakers. The Yearly Meeting was the westernmost annual meeting of the Hicksite Friends and attracted followers from several states. The meeting house also hosted the Clear Creek Monthly Meeting, which was attended by local Quakers. The building is typical of American Friends meeting houses; it features two square rooms with plain features both outside and inside. The lack of ornamentation was designed to reflect the Quaker tenet of simplicity. The meeting house is one of the few surviving western Quaker meeting houses which represent this tradition of Quaker architecture.
The meeting house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 5, 1992.
See also
Benjaminville Friends Meeting House and Burial Ground
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Churches completed in 1874
Buildings and structures in Putnam County, Illinois
Quaker meeting houses in Illinois
19th-century Quaker meeting houses
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, Illinois
Kim Ik-Hee (born 7 December 1971) is a Korean former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of South Korea
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
South Korean male sport wrestlers
Asian Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Topic: The Washington and Jefferson College Review, also known as Topic or Topic: A Journal of the Liberal Arts, is a peer-reviewed academic journal focused on the humanities and the liberal arts.
It was established in 1961 as Topic: A Journal of the Liberal Arts. In Fall 2004, the name was changed to Topic: The Washington & Jefferson College Review.
The journal is published annually by the Washington & Jefferson College faculty and is printed in monograph format.'' Each issue contains several academic essays from a number of different disciplines on a specific topic. Past topics have included John Keats, the Whiskey Rebellion, pirates, Rebecca Harding Davis, religion in the eighteenth century, and Italian Americans in Western Pennsylvania. The journal follows The Chicago Manual of Style. The editorial policy has a special focus on interdisciplinary articles.
The journal is indexed by the MLA International Bibliography, American Humanities Index, Abstracts of English Studies, and EBSCO's Humanities International Complete. It is a member of the Council of Editors of Learned Journals.
References
External links
Washington & Jefferson College
Publications established in 1961
English-language journals
Annual journals
Multidisciplinary humanities journals
Frank Roberts may refer to:
Frank Crowther Roberts (1891–1982), English recipient of the Victoria Cross
Frank Roberts (Australian footballer) (1912–1989), Australian rules footballer
Frank Roberts (boxer) (1945–2011), Australian boxer
Frank Roberts (diplomat) (1907–1998), British diplomat
Frank Roberts (footballer, born 1893) (1893–1961), English footballer
Frank Roberts (Australian politician) (1913–1992), Lord Mayor of Brisbane
Frank Roberts (model maker) (1882–1963), New Zealand model maker
Frank H. H. Roberts (1897–1966), American archaeologist and anthropologist
Frank L. Roberts (1915–1993), American politician
Frank Leon Roberts (born 1982), American activist, writer and college professor
See also
Francis Roberts (disambiguation)
Robert Franks (disambiguation)
Robert Frank (disambiguation)
Guyana competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. This was the nation's seventeenth appearance at the Summer Olympics as an independent state, although it had previously represented in five other editions (1948 to 1964) under the name British Guiana. Guyana joined the African-led boycott of the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Guyana Olympic Association sent a team of six athletes, three per gender, to compete only in track and field and swimming at the Games, matching its roster size (one sport less) with London 2012. Track sprinter Winston George was the only Guyanese athlete to have represented at the previous Games, with the rest of the field making their Olympic debut in Rio de Janeiro. Other notable athletes also featured world-ranked triple jumper Troy Doris and 19-year-old butterfly swimmer Hannibal Gaskin, who eventually led the team by carrying the Guyanese flag at the opening ceremony.
Guyana, however, failed to win its first Olympic medal, since the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, where Michael Anthony took the bronze in men's bantamweight boxing. Unable to end his nation's 36-year drought on the podium, Doris produced the best result for Guyana at these Games, finishing seventh in the men's triple jump final.
Athletics (track and field)
Guyanese athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
Track & road events
Field events
Swimming
Guyana has received a Universality invitation from FINA to send two swimmers (one male and one female) to the Olympics.
See also
Guyana at the 2015 Pan American Games
References
External links
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
Olymp
Sts. Peter and Paul Church () is a Roman Catholic church, designated for Polish immigrants in Three Rivers, Massachusetts, United States. Founded in 1903, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
In 2010, the neighboring St. Anne Parish closed and merged with Sts. Peter and Paul Parish to form Divine Mercy Parish at Sts. Peter and Paul Church.
History
According to the record, the first Polish immigrant arrived in the town of Palmer in the year 1886. Through the efforts of Fr. Franciszek Chalupka, the small group of Polish settlers in Three Rivers, Thorndike and Bondsville were organized as the St. Joseph Men's Society of Thorndike in April 1895.
In 1899, the St. Joseph's Society chose representatives and the committee visited Bishop Daniel T. Beaven. With the assistance of a lawyer, David Dillon, they finally were granted permission to organize and to establish the Sts. Peter and Paul Parish at Four Corners in Three Rivers.
In July 1902, Beaven appointed Wacław Lenz as the first pastor for Polish descent residing in the towns at Four Corners. At the first meeting they decided to build the church in the center of the town of Palmer and chose the present site in the village of Three Rivers opposite the Town Hall.
Pastors
Venceslaus (Wacław) Lenz (1902–1911)
Władysław Kielbasinski (1911–1913)
Andrew (Andrzej) Krzywda (1913–1947)
Joseph (Józef) Szczepaniak (1947–1948)
Alphonse A. Skoniecki (1948–1972)
Robert J. Ceckowski (1972–1997)
Stefan J. Niemczyk (1997–)
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
SS Peter & Paul - Diocesan Information
SS Peter & Paul - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
http://www.churchofdivinemercy.org/
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1905
1905 establishments in Massachusetts
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
The Dublin Village Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Dublin, New Hampshire. Dublin's center developed in the 19th century after its original village center was abandoned due to harsher winter conditions nearer Dublin Pond. The district extends along Main Street (New Hampshire Route 101) from its junction with Lake Street in the west to the junction with Old County Road in the east, and includes sections of Old Common Road, Harrisville Road, and Church Street. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Settlement of Dublin began in the 1760s, and the town was incorporated in 1771. Its original town common, cemetery, and pound are located at the western end of the district, near the eastern end of Dublin Pond. This area was subjected to harsh winds blowing across the lake, and the current town center took shape in a more sheltered area further east. The central feature of the village is the intersection of the Main and Church Streets, where the 1852 Dublin Community Church and 1883 town hall are located. The most prominent commercial building to the west of this intersection are the wood frame publishing offices of Yankee magazine. A little further west is the 1901 Gothic Revival library.
Just north of Main Street and along Harrisville Road lies the campus of the Dublin School, on which stand a number of 19th century homes. East of the central intersection on Main Street is the lower village, a stretch that is predominantly residential, with an array of houses that are predominantly Greek Revival in their styling.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Shingle Style architecture in New Hampshire
Colonial Revival architecture in New Hampshire
Historic districts in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Dublin, New Hampshire
Dublin, New Hampshire
Police Football Club is an association football club based in Kigali, Rwanda and currently competes the Rwanda Premier League.
History
Police FC was founded 2000 by the Rwanda National Police (RNP). The club won 2003 the Championnat National de 2e Division and was promoted in the Rwanda National Football League. In 2011 and 2012, Police FC were runners-up of the Rwanda National Football League. The first win followed 2015 with winning of the Rwandan Cup and 2016 lost in the final of the cup,
Team
Current squad
Staff
as of September 2021
Head Coach
Frank Nuttall
Assistant Coach
Alain Kirasa
Goalkeeper coach
Aime Ndizeye
Fitness Coach
Corneille Hategekimana
Video Analyst
Stephen Oonan
Stadium
Police plays its home games at Nyamirambo Stadium in Kigali City
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Confederation Cup: 1 appearance
2013 – Preliminary round
Rwandan Cup: 1 Win
2015 – Winner
Notable coaches
Mbungo Casa André (2014-2016)
Notes
Football clubs in Rwanda
Association football clubs established in 2000
2000 establishments in Rwanda
Police association football clubs
is an English contract law case, concerning the extent to which damages may be sought for failure to perform of a contract when a sum is fixed in a contract. It held that only if a sum is of an unconscionable amount will it be considered penal and unenforceable.
It should not be confused with Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v Selfridge & Co Ltd, which held that the same resale price maintenance practice was unenforceable against a third party reseller as a matter of the English rule of privity of contract.
Facts
Dunlop sued its tyre retailer, New Garage, for breaching an agreement to not resell Dunlop tyres at a price lower than that listed in the contract. The agreement then said if that did happen, New Garage would pay £5 per tyre ‘by way of liquidated damages and not as a penalty'.
The judge held the £5 sum was liquidated damages and enforceable. The Court of Appeal held the clause was a penalty and Dunlop could only get nominal damages. Dunlop appealed.
Judgment
The House of Lords held the clause was not a penalty, and merely a genuine preestimate of Dunlop's potential loss, and so Dunlop could enforce the agreement. Lord Dunedin set out the following principles.
See also
Penalty clause
Cavendish Square Holdings BV v Makdessi
Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999
Notes
References
English contract case law
House of Lords cases
1914 in case law
1914 in British law
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company
Monopis icterogastra, the wool moth, is a moth of the family Tineidae. It is found in most of Australia.
It is thought that the moths of this species lay live young caterpillars rather than eggs.
References
Tineinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1852
Marquess of Santa Cruz () sometimes known as Marquess of Santa Cruz de Mudela, is a hereditary title in the Peerage of Spain, accompanied by the dignity of Grandee and granted in 1569 by Philip II to Álvaro de Bazán, an important admiral who defeated the Ottoman Empire at the Battle of Lepanto. It takes its name from the town of Santa Cruz de Mudela, in Southern Spain.
Marquesses of Santa Cruz (1569)
Álvaro de Bazán y Guzmán, 1st Marquess of Santa Cruz
Álvaro de Bazán y Benavides, 2nd Marquess of Santa Cruz
Álvaro de Bazán y Manrique de Lara, 3rd Marquess of Santa Cruz
María Eugenia de Bazán y Doria, 4th Marchioness of Santa Cruz
Francisco Diego de Bazán y Doria, 5th Marquess of Santa Cruz
José Bernardino de Bazán y Pimentel, 6th Marquess of Santa Cruz
Álvaro Antonio de Bazán y Pimentel, 7th Marquess of Santa Cruz
Pedro de Silva-Bazán y Alagón, 8th Marquess of Santa Cruz
José Joaquín De Silva-Bazán y Sarmiento, 9th Maruquess of Santa Cruz
José Gabriel de Silva-Bazán y Waldstein, 10th Marquess of Santa Cruz
Francisco de Borja de Silva-Bazán y Téllez-Girón, 11th Marquess of Santa Cruz
Álvaro de Silva-Bazán y Fernández de Córdova, 12th Marquess of Santa Cruz
Mariano de Silva y Carvajal, 13th Marquess of Santa Cruz
Casilda de Silva y Fernández de Henestrosa, 14th Marchioness of Santa Cruz
Álvaro Fernández-Villaverde y Silva, 15th Marquess of Santa Cruz
See also
List of current Grandees of Spain
References
Marquesses of Spain
Grandees of Spain
Lists of Spanish nobility
Gaetano Iannuzzi (born 5 March 1972) is an Italian rowing coach and former coxswain who later participated as a coxswain in the paralympic sport, also winning an international medal in the competitions reserved for paralympic athletes.
Biography
After finished his sports career as an athlete, Iannuzzi had become a rowing coach. He became a paralampic athlete in 2017 following a serious road accident had in 1998, however continued to compete with not disabled athletes until 2009.
He has had a long career, and last competed in 2017, when he won bronze at the 2017 Championships in Sarasota, Florida in PR3 mixed coxed four, an adaptive rowing class. At young level he won a gold medal at the 1991 World Rowing Championships in Vienna with the lightweight men's eight.
From 1999 to 2009 Iannuzzi participated in sixteen editions of World Rowing Championships.
Achievements
See also
Italy at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Italy at the 2004 Summer Olympics
References
External links
Gaetano Iannuzzi at Italian Rowing Federation
1972 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Coxswains (rowing)
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Paralympic athletes of Italy
Italian sports coaches
Christina Wirth (born April 18, 1987) is an American basketball player who most recently played for the Indiana Fever of the WNBA. She is the daughter of Alan Wirth, a former major league baseball player with the San Francisco Giants and the Oakland Athletics.
Playing career
High school
Wirth played her high school basketball at Seton Catholic in Arizona. While at Seton Catholic she compiled 2,550 points, 1,173 rebounds, 312 steals, 266 assists and 120 blocks. In competitive play, she led Seton Catholic to a state runner-up finish and a 28-7 record as a senior in 2004-05. Her statistics as a senior included an average 25.3 points per game., 11.2 rebounds per game., 2.2 steals per game. and 2.2 assists per game. She participated in the 2005 McDonald's All-American game and won the team ball competition.
USA Basketball
Wirth was a member of the USA Women's U18 team which won the gold medal at the FIBA Americas Championship in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico. The event was held in August 2004, when the USA team defeated Puerto Rico to win the championship. Wirth averaged 1.8 points per game.
Wirth continued with the team as it became the U19 team, and competed in the 2005 U19 World Championships in Tunis, Tunisia. The USA team won all eight games, winning the gold medal. Wirth averaged 3.6 points per game.
Vanderbilt
Wirth's rookie season with Vanderbilt was in 2005–06. She managed to be one of only four Commodores to appear in all 32 games. She played four positions on the floor as freshman. For the first 15 games of her collegiate career, she was in the starting lineup.
Her first two collegiate games were played just miles from her home, as Vanderbilt traveled to Tempe, Arizona for the WBCA/BTI Classic hosted by Arizona State. Statistically, she scored two points in her initial game, and had nine rebounds. In her second contest, she reached double figures in scoring by posting 13 points against Clemson. On two occasions, she would lead the Commodores in scoring (vs. North Carolina in Dec., and vs. Alabama in the SEC Tournament).
In her senior year, Wirth led the Commodores to their 14th appearance in the NCAA Sweet 16 after earning Most Valuable Player honors en route to Vanderbilt's sixth Southeastern Conference Tournament championship. Her last game for the Commodores was played on March 28, 2009 when Vanderbilt fell to Maryland by a score of 78–74 in the Sweet Sixteen of the 2009 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament. Wirth played 37 minutes and scored 28 points.
Academically, Wirth was a four-time honoree on Vanderbilt's Dean's List. She was named a Region IV Academic All-American by CoSIDA in 2007–08 and has earned Southeastern Conference Honor Roll status three times. At Vanderbilt's Peabody College of Education and Human Development, Wirth has carried a 3.55 GPA while majoring in human and organizational development and minoring in child development. Christina was also named the 2009 SEC Scholar-Athlete of the Year by league coaches, and was chosen to the ESPN The Magazine Academic All-America third team last month. Wirth has carried a 3.6 GPA and has begun pursuing a master's degree in nursing.
Indiana Fever
She was selected in the 2nd Round, 19th overall in the 2009 WNBA Draft. Wirth got her first taste of WNBA action in a 68-51 victory against the Minnesota Lynx on May 23. Wirth played for 18 minutes, scored 3 field goals, 1 three pointers, 2 free throws made, 3 rebounds and 1 assist. In her first season with the Fever, Wirth played in the 2009 WNBA Finals.
Europe
In the fall of 2009, Wirth reunited with Vanderbilt teammate Jennifer Risper. Both signed for a Slovakian team officially known as BK PU Bemaco Prešov. The season is scheduled to end in April 2010.
Personal
Along with former Vanderbilt teammate Jen Risper, the two are adjusting to professional basketball. Wirth and Risper, now with the Indiana Fever and the Chicago Sky, helped one another move into their new respective homes. After four years together with the Commodores, separating from each other and the rest of their teammates has been an adjustment. Wirth and Risper will meet May 28 in Indianapolis for a preseason game. Wirth is currently married.
Four of her sisters have played college basketball, three in NCAA Division I—older sister Alana at Division II Barry, younger sister Theresa at Denver, and her youngest sisters, identical twins Jenn and LeeAnne, at Gonzaga.
Career stats
Vanderbilt
Indiana Fever
Awards and honors
Named Arizona Republic All-City first team in 2003.
Two-time East Valley Tribune Player of the Year (2003, 2004)
Named Arizona Republic Player of the Year (2004)
Selected all-state and all-region (2004)...
Gold medalist with the 2004 USA Junior World Championship Team
Gold medalist with the 2004 USA Youth Development Festival West Team...
Gold medalist with the 2005 USA U-19 Basketball Team
Won the team ball competition in the 2005 McDonald's All-American game...
Selected Arizona Player of the Year (2005)
Selected Gatorade Arizona Player of the Year (2005)
Named USA Today All-America Top 25 (2005)
Street & Smith's and McDonald's All-America (2005)
Named WBCA All-America honorable mention (2005).
Earned All-Tournament honors at the 2006 VU Holiday Classic.
All-tournament honors at the 2007 Contra Costa Times Classic in Berkeley, Calif
Most Valuable Player of the 2007 Vanderbilt Thanksgiving Tournament
Named a first-team All-Southeastern Conference honoree (2008)
Second-team recognition from the Associated Press (2008)
Named preseason All-SEC by league coaches (first team) and writers (second team) (2008)
Named to the CoSIDA Academic All-District IV third team (2008)
Christine Wirth, All-Senior All-America First Team by the Lowe's Senior CLASS Award committee.
Christine Wirth, All-SEC Honors
Christine Wirth, SEC Tournament Most Valuable Player
Christine Wirth, SEC All-Tournament Team
Christina Wirth has received honorable mention on the 2009 State Farm Coaches' All-America Team
2008-09 Vanderbilt women's Co-Athletes of the Year
Inducted into the Chandler Sports Hall of Fame, 2010
References
External links
WNBA stats
Living people
1987 births
American women's basketball players
Forwards (basketball)
Indiana Fever draft picks
Indiana Fever players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Sportspeople from Chandler, Arizona
Vanderbilt Commodores women's basketball players
Basketball players from Arizona
A three-decker or triple-decker, in the United States, is a three-story (triplex) apartment building. These buildings are typical of light-framed, wood construction, where each floor usually consists of a single apartment, and frequently, originally, extended families lived in two, or all three floors. Both stand-alone and semi-detached versions are common.
During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, tens of thousands of three-deckers were constructed, mostly in New England, as an economical means of housing the thousands of newly arrived immigrant workers who filled the factories of the area. The economics of the three-decker are simple: the cost of the land, basement and roof are spread among three or six apartments, which typically have identical floor plans. The three-decker apartment house was seen as an alternative to the row-housing built in other cities of Northeastern United States during this period, such as in New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington, D.C.
History
Three-deckers were most commonly built in the emerging industrial cities of central New England between 1870 and 1920. There are large concentrations in Massachusetts and Rhode Island. Worcester, Massachusetts, was the likely origin of the type, with Francis Gallagher (1830–1911) held to be the originator. Other cities make the same claim, and they can also be found in the former industrial cities of New Hampshire, Maine, and Connecticut, as well as the New York City area (particularly in northern New Jersey and Yonkers) and Upstate New York, where they are commonly seen as far west as Utica. Three-deckers are also found in Canadian cities with strong ties to New England, particularly Halifax, though they are less ubiquitous. They were primarily housing for the working-class and middle-class families, often in multiple rows on narrow lots in the areas surrounding the factories. They were derided as poor quality buildings, shoddily constructed from flammable balloon framing: a 1911 report by the Massachusetts State Housing Committee in Massachusetts decried the three-decker as "a flimsy fire-trap and a menace to human life".
It is estimated that by 1920, the city of Boston had over 15,000 three-decker houses. Areas such as Dorchester, Roxbury, Mattapan, and Jamaica Plain were popular with the emerging middle class and became "streetcar suburbs" as transportation systems expanded from the older, core sections of the city. Typically, the affordable three-decker homes attracted live-in landlords who would collect rent from the other two apartments.
In Worcester, Massachusetts, sewer connection charges were based on street frontage, so builders favored houses with as little frontage as possible. This is one reason why three-deckers are often situated on narrow lots and are rectangular shape, with the smaller sides at the front and the rear.
In the textile mill city of Fall River, Massachusetts, thousands of wood-framed multi-family tenements were built by the mill owners during the boom years of the 1870s to house their workers. Many more were built by private individuals who rented their apartments to the mill workers and their families. This style of housing differed greatly from the well-spaced boardinghouses of the early 19th century built in Lowell and Lawrence, Massachusetts, or the cottages of Rhode Island.
A different three-story style apartment house is also common in urban working-class neighborhoods in northern New Jersey (particularly in and around Newark, Jersey City and Paterson). They are sometimes locally referred to as "Bayonne Boxes".
Similar brick apartment buildings were built in Chicago in the 1910s and 1920s. There they are locally referred to as "Three Flats".
Structure and variations
Three-deckers are usually defined by the style of their roofs, being either gable, hip, or flat-roofed, with preference often varying regionally. For instance, hipped and gabled three-deckers are dominant in Worcester. In smaller cities, such as Lawrence or Albany, New York, two or two and a half story variants are common, while retaining a similar overall typology, with a bay window on the front, and prominent porches. While typically lacking the ornamentation found on other homes of the Victorian period, they sometimes were built with certain decorative details, such as porch railings and posts. A typical feature of the three-decker is a vertical stack of bay windows, usually facing the street side of the house. The rear usually has utility porches, which can be enclosed.
Three-deckers feature two apartments per floor, with the units sharing a common wall.
Each apartment typically has a front and/or back porch for each apartment, and because the buildings are usually freestanding, there are windows on all four sides. Some three-deckers feature a single front door that accesses all three units; others feature two entrances (one accessing the first floor unit externally, with the other leading to a stairwell to units two and three).
Three-deckers typically use balloon framing, which makes them especially susceptible to destructive fires.
Legacy
Three-deckers were built in huge numbers, in some areas comprising entire neighborhoods, but by the 1950s, a number of them had been abandoned or razed because of suburban growth and urban renewal.
Their reputation as poor quality and dangerous persisted into the 1970s. Starting in the early 1980s, however, they became desirable again as older streetcar suburbs began to gentrify, often by buyers looking for homes where they could live in one unit and rent the other two, thus helping them pay their mortgage. As condominiums became more common, many were converted into individually-owned units.
Since 1990, many three-deckers in Worcester, Massachusetts, have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Recently, a new wave of three-decker apartment houses has been built in areas of Boston as an alternative to the townhouse style condominium or apartment buildings more typically associated with suburban areas. Boston's zoning regulations allow new three-family houses to be constructed in areas with existing three-deckers. However, building codes for the new buildings are far more stringent today, with requirements for fire sprinkler systems and handicap access.
See also
List of house types
List of Registered Historic Places in Worcester, Massachusetts
References
External links
Worcester Historical Museum
Sightseeking, 2005
Worcester's three-deckers
New England
Harvey Thomas was an American luthier who built a number of distinctive guitars in the 1960s.
Thomas was based in Kent, Washington, where he built guitars apparently uninfluenced by any other guitar builder. It included a cross-shaped guitar (called the Maltese), a triangular one (the Mandarin), and "the deranged mutations of the Mod and the Riot King." Thomas custom-built guitars as well, both electric and acoustic, including a number of enormous hollow-body guitars.
External links
Biography at HistoryLink
Lord Of The Strings: Guitar Wizard Harvey Thomas And His Infernal Music Machines
References
Guitar makers
American luthiers
People from Kent, Washington
Seyfabad (, also Romanized as Seyfābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 26 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Laurence Olivier Award for Best Company Performance was a one-off award presented by the Society of London Theatre in recognition of achievements in commercial London theatre. The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor and director Laurence Olivier.
This award was only presented once, at the 2009 Laurence Olivier Awards.
Winners and nominees
2000s
References
External links
Company Performance
Morgan Gesmalla (born 1947) is a Sudanese sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sudanese male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Sudan
Place of birth missing (living people)
Roholla Iqbalzadeh (Dari: روح‌الله اقبالزاده, born 2 November 1994) is a Norwegian-born Afghan footballer who plays as a defender for Kolstad. He can play as leftback.
International career
Roholla made his international debut against Cambodia for the World Cup Qualification match. After this match he also played against Bhutan and Maldives.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Afghan footballers
Afghanistan international footballers
Afghan expatriate footballers
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
Afghan emigrants to Norway
Association football central defenders
People from Vefsn
Sportspeople from Bodø
Byåsen Toppfotball players
FK Bodø/Glimt players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Asian Games competitors for Afghanistan
NW Avia was an airline based at Peski (airport) in Petrozavodsk. It was the only air company in the Republic of Karelia. Its main purpose was aerial fire-fighting (for which it is licensed, it was part of Avialesookhrana) although it did perform other typical aerial services (including pipeline and forest patrols, medical flights and search-and-rescue), scheduled and charter passenger flights (commenced in 2009) and charter cargo services. NW Avia was undergoing reorganization with massive debts (~10 million rubles, it peaked at ~22 million rubles) and was the largest debtor in the Republic of Karelia. The airlines ceased to exist on July 1, 2014.
Destinations
Petrozavodsk, Kizhi
Fleet
External links
Homepage (in Russian)
References
Defunct airlines of Russia
Companies based in Karelia
A central limit order book (CLOB) was a centralised database of limit orders proposed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in 2000. However, the concept was opposed by securities companies.
A central limit order book or "CLOB" is a trading method used by most exchanges globally. It is a transparent system that matches customer orders (e.g. bids and offers) on a 'price time priority' basis. The highest ("best") bid order and the lowest ("cheapest") offer order constitutes the best market or "the touch" in a given security or swap contract. Customers can routinely cross the bid/ask spread to effect immediate execution. They also can see market depth or the "stack" in which customers can view bid orders for various sizes and prices on one side vs. viewing offer orders at various sizes and prices on the other side. The CLOB is by definition fully transparent, real-time, anonymous and low cost in execution.
In the CLOB model, customers can trade directly with dealers, dealers can trade with other dealers, and importantly, customers can trade directly with other customers anonymously.
In contrast to the CLOB approach is the Request For Quote ("RFQ") trading method. RFQ is an asymmetric trade execution model. In this method, a customer queries a finite set of participant market makers who quote a bid/offer ("a market") to the customer. The customer may only "hit the bid" (sell to the highest bidder) or "lift the offer" (buy from the cheapest seller). The customer is prohibited from stepping inside the bid/ask spread and thereby reducing its execution fees. Contrary to the CLOB model, customers can only trade with dealers. They can not trade with other customers, and importantly, they can not make markets themselves.
See also
Office of Financial Research which may require a central limit order book
References
Stock market
Harold "Burr" Davis (born c. 1937) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1959. Delveaux played college football at the University of Houston where he won letters for his performance. After his football career he coached at Klein High School and St. Thomas High School in Houston.
References
1937 births
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Living people
University of Houston alumni
People from Jacksonville, Texas
Adg (, also Romanized as Adk) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 457, in 134 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
D'Herbomez Creek is a creek in eastern Mission, British Columbia, flowing southeast to join the Fraser River at the Pekw'Xe:yles Indian Reserve (formerly the grounds of St. Mary's Indian Residential School).
History
The name was adopted in 1952 to commemorate Bishop Louis-Joseph d'Herbomez, OMI ( -1890), who on March 28, 1862 had purchased the land the creek flows through for the location of the Indian mission which is the namesake of the District of Mission. The mission became the St. Mary's Indian Residential School and is now run by a coalition of 21 Indian bands of the Sto:lo people as a cultural and educational facility. The western part of the mission's lands, which are known as the OMI Lands, form the Fraser River Heritage Park, which has the foundations of the original mission and school, while the eastern portion where the newer residential school buildings are located was designated as an Indian reserve in June, 2005, as Pekw'Xe:yles (Peckquaylis).
References
External links
History of the Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, including its relationship to Bishop D"Herbomez
Tributaries of the Fraser River
Mission, British Columbia
Rivers of the Lower Mainland
New Westminster Land District
Lucifer Chu (; born February 19, 1975) graduated from Taiwan's National Central University in 1998 with a B.S in electrical engineering. He dedicated himself in promoting fantasy literature because of his passion for video games and fantasy fiction. He translated J. R. R. Tolkien's The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings into Chinese. He also translated Dragonlance Chronicle, published in 1998. He has translated 30 fantasy novels into Chinese.
Career
He is the founder of the Foundation of Fantasy Culture and Art as well as the Open Source Open Courseware Prototype System (OOPS). He learned English by playing computer games and writing reviews and walk-throughs for gaming magazines, and later by working as a professional translator for fantasy novels. He is the author of five Chinese books and translator of more than twenty fantasy novels.
An ex-millionaire, he claimed in several speeches that he spent almost all the royalties earned from The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings trilogy on open education, localizing open knowledge and encouraging young people's innovation.
The OOPS is a volunteer-based localization project with the goal to translate open knowledge into Chinese. Over 20,000 volunteers are estimated to have joined the OOPS.
He has spoken at education seminars.
References
External links
Open source open courseware prototype system
1975 births
Living people
Taiwanese translators
English–Chinese translators
Writers from Taipei
Taiwanese Internet celebrities
20th-century Taiwanese writers
21st-century Taiwanese writers
Perry County is in Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 22,350. Its county seat is Pinckneyville. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known as "Little Egypt".
History
Perry County was formed in 1827 out of Jackson and Randolph counties. It was named in honor of Oliver Hazard Perry who defeated the British fleet at the decisive Battle of Lake Erie in the War of 1812.
In its early history, Perry County was mainly an inland pioneer outpost. Early settlers, including some Revolutionary War veterans bearing land grants, moved here from the Eastern United States. These were primarily Protestant settlers. Growth boomed in the 1850s for two reasons: construction of the Illinois Central Railroad through the eastern portion of the county, and the discovery of large coal reserves. Immigrants from Ireland, Poland, Germany, Italy and elsewhere steadily increased the County's population from 1850 through the 1920s. African Americans also were established in the County during northward migration following the Civil War.
Mining continued to be the dominant employment sector through the 1990s.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
Perry County is located in Southern Illinois. Pinckneyville, at the center of the county, is approximately southeast of St. Louis, Missouri and southwest of Chicago. The Mississippi River lies about west and southwest of the County at its closest point.
The County's topography is mainly flat with some rolling hills. The part of the County's eastern border, the part shared with Franklin County, is formed by the Little Muddy River. Beaucoup Creek runs north to south through the County and lies just east of Pinckneyville.
The county's topography also features many "strip cut" lakes, lakes left behind following above-ground coal mining. Lakes at two of the county's chief recreation areas, the Du Quoin State Fairgrounds and Pyramid State Recreation Area, were formed this way.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Pinckneyville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1912 and a record high of was recorded in July 1934. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Major highways
U.S. Route 51
Illinois Route 4
Illinois Route 13
Illinois Route 14
Illinois Route 127
Illinois Route 150
Illinois Route 152
Illinois Route 154
Adjacent counties
Washington County - north
Jefferson County - northeast
Franklin County - east
Jackson County - south
Randolph County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,350 people, 8,335 households, and 5,622 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,426 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.9% white, 8.3% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.6% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.8% were German, 14.3% were Irish, 10.6% were English, 8.1% were American, and 6.3% were Polish.
Of the 8,335 households, 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were married couples living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.5% were non-families, and 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 39.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,696 and the median income for a family was $50,130. Males had a median income of $40,768 versus $28,377 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,926. About 11.5% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Perry County never adopted a township form of government. Federal township plats were prepared for each township which include legal descriptions of 14 townships.
Perry County has been divided into precincts: Beaucoup, Cutler, Denmark, DuQuoin, Paradise, Pinckneyville, Sunfield, Swanwick, Tamaroa and Willisville. To provide election precincts of similar population based on recent census data, precincts are divided or combined to form election precincts. The election precincts in 2020 were: Beaucoup, Cutler, Du Quoin Number 1, Du Quoin Number 2, Du Quoin Number 3, Du Quoin Number 4, Du Quoin Number 5, Du Quoin Number 6, Du Quoin Number 7, Du Quoin Number 8, Du Quoin Number 9, Du Quoin Number 10, Du Quoin Number 11, Du Quoin Number 12, Pinckneyville Number 1, Pinckneyville Number 2, Pinckneyville Number 3, Pinckneyville Number 4, Pinckneyville Number 5, Pinckneyville Number 6, Pinckneyville Number 7, Pinckneyville Number 8, Sunfield, Swanwick, Tamaroa Number 1, Tamaroa Number 2, and Willisville.
Cities
Du Quoin
Pinckneyville
Villages
Cutler
St. Johns
Tamaroa
Willisville
Unincorporated communities
Conant
Denmark
Denny
Layfield
Matthews
Old Du Quoin
Pyatts
Rice
Sunfield
Swanwick
Todds Mill
Winkle
Politics
Perry County has been reliably Republican county since 2012, when it backed Mitt Romney (R) by nearly 18 points over Illinois native Barack Obama, even as Obama won both Illinois and the country. By 2020 it was so heavily Republican that incumbent Donald Trump beat Democrat Joe Biden by nearly 45 points in his bid for reelection, even as Biden won the race nationally (and Illinois). The county last voted blue, by a very narrow margin of 0.6%, in 2000. The table below includes a list of Perry County's election results at the presidential level.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Perry County
References
Illinois counties
Perry County, Illinois
1827 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1827
The Digital Fair Repair Act is a New York State electronics right to repair act that was introduced in April 2021. It was approved as Bill S410A by the New York Senate on June 3, 2022 and previously as Bill A7006B by the New York Assembly. It was subsequently waiting to be signed by the Governor Hochul, which is right to repair advocate iFixit foresaw as likely to occur.
The act requires that Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) provide diagnostic and repair information and parts for electronic devices. Manufacturers would also be required to provide for any security mechanisms to be bypassed and reset. Some products with electronics are excluded, such as automobiles (which are already covered across the US), heavy equipment, medical equipment and home appliances.
References
External links
Text of Bill A7006B
Right to Repair
New York (state) statutes
Mark Waller may refer to:
Sir Mark Waller (judge) (born 1940), Vice-President of the Civil Division of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales
Mark Waller (doctor) (born 1957), club doctor of Leicester City Football Club
Mark Waller (politician) (born 1969), member of the Colorado House of Representatives
Kenny was an English pop, rock and glam rock band that formed in London in 1974. They had several hit singles in the UK in the mid-1970s, including "The Bump" and "Fancy Pants".
History
In 1973, Irish showband singer Tony Kenny, former lead singer with The Sands and The Vampires, recorded a single, "Heart of Stone", written by Bill Martin and Phil Coulter, and produced by Mickie Most. It was released under the name Kenny, and, after the singer returned to Ireland, the single became a hit in Britain, as did a follow-up release, "Give It to Me Now".
Most then decided to capitalise on their success by renaming a completely unconnected North Middlesex band named Chuff, as Kenny. Former child actor Keith Chegwin was considered as lead singer but he declined. Martin and Coulter wrote the bulk of the successful songs for the group, starting with "The Bump", which reached the Top 3 in the UK Singles Chart. They had three further records reach that chart in the UK: "Fancy Pants", "Baby I Love You, OK!", and "Julie Anne". The band were at one stage managed by John Morris, the husband of singer Clodagh Rodgers.
Uncredited lead and backing vocals on "The Bump" were performed by Barry Palmer.
In 1989, lead singer Rick Driscoll played lead guitar for Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel as part of Steve Harley's comeback tour, aptly named "The Come Back, All Is Forgiven Tour". The show at Northampton's Derngate Theatre in June 1989 was released on DVD later that year. Driscoll was replaced by Robbie Gladwell in 1990, who as of 2021 continues to play lead guitar in the band. In 1996, Driscoll also appeared on the 'Identity Parade', on the BBC Television programme Never Mind the Buzzcocks. As of 2021 he is based in Corfu, where he skippers charter yachts.
Members
Rick Driscoll — vocals, guitar, born 1 May 1957 in Enfield
Yan Stile (born Ian Stile) — guitar, born 16 January 1955 in Enfield
Chris Redburn — bass, born 14 March 1956 in Enfield
Chris Lacklison — keyboards, born 15 October 1956 in London
Andy Walton — drums, born 1 October 1956 in Enfield
Discography
Albums
1975 - The Sound of Super K (RAK), UK No. 56, GER No. 38
1976 - Ricochet (Polydor) (Germany/Japan only)
Singles
List of songs recorded by Kenny
The column Song lists the song title; bold means released as a single.
The column Writer(s) lists who wrote the song.
The column Time shows its length.
The column Album lists the album the song is featured on.
The column Producer lists the producer of the song.
The column Year lists the year in which the song was released.
Cover songs
Kenny songs covered by others
See also
List of performances on Top of the Pops
Bump (dance)
References
External links
[ Kenny biography] at Allmusic website
English pop music groups
Musical groups established in 1974
Musical groups disestablished in 1979
English glam rock groups
English rock music groups
Rak Records artists
Musical groups from London
1974 establishments in the United Kingdom
Eilema fasciculosa is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found on Borneo, Peninsular Malaysia and Bali. The habitat consists of lowland forests, particularly alluvial forests.
References
fasciculosa
Mark Richard Erskine Easton (born 12 March 1959) is the Home Editor for BBC News broadcasting on national television and radio news. His writing and presenting credits include The Happiness Formula on BBC Two in 2006 and The Crime of Our Lives for BBC Radio 4 in 2007. His first book, Britain etc., was published in 2012.
He was previously social affairs editor at Channel 4 News and political editor at 5 News.
Early life
Born on 12 March 1959 in Bearsden, near Glasgow, Easton moved with his parents from Scotland to Winchester at the age of ten. He attended Peter Symonds Grammar School in Winchester. He is the son of Stephen and Fiona Easton.
Career
Easton joined his local newspaper, the Southern Evening Echo, in 1979 having decided upon a career in journalism after winning a game of Waddington's "Scoop" aged 13. He worked at Radio Victory from 1980–1, at Radio Aire from 1981-2 and at LBC from 1982–6.
In 1986, Easton joined the BBC as a reporter on London Plus, BBC Breakfast News, Newsnight and Here and Now. In 1996, Easton joined the newly launched Channel Five as Political Editor for Five News. Easton then moved in 1998 to Channel 4 News as Home and Social Affairs Editor.
Since 2004 Easton has been the Home Editor of BBC News reporting across the Corporation's range of platforms. As an editor, Easton appears mainly on the evening bulletins, BBC News at Six and BBC News at Ten, as well as BBC Radio 4 programmes including Today. Easton also maintains a blog on the BBC News website.
Personal life
Easton lives in Islington with his wife Antonia and four children.
References
External links
BBC Biography
Video clips
1959 births
BBC newsreaders and journalists
British investigative journalists
Living people
Mass media people from Winchester
People educated at Peter Symonds College
Channel 4 people
The Young America Stakes is a discontinued Thoroughbred horse race that was run annually at the Meadowlands Racetrack in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
Inaugurated in 1977, the Young America Stakes evolved to become an important end of October/early November event for two-year-olds. The race was contested over a distance of 11/16 miles. Run on dirt from inception in 1977 through 1990, at its peak in the mid-1980s it was a Grade 1 event offering a purse of $500,000 and had been attracting such horses as U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Spectacular Bid and Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame colt, Deputy Minister. However, the event was hurt by the advent of the Breeders' Cup Juvenile in 1984 which was raced at around the same time and on dirt. In an attempt to survive, in 1991 the Young America was shifted to a race on turf. Already having lost it Grade 1 status, in 1993 it was downgraded from a Grade II event to a Grade III.
Forevere Casting, ridden by jockey Eddie Delahoussaye won the inaugural running of the Young America Stakes in November 1977, winning the purse of $144,500 with a victory by a neck in 1:45.6 over Believe It.
National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame jockey Jorge Velásquez won this race four times; in 1978 with Spectacular Bid, in 1979 with Koluctoo Bay, in 1980 with Lord Avie and in 1987 aboard Firery Ensign. After a disappointing start, Firery Ensign came back to win the $500,000 race in a time of 1:45, winning by 1¼ lengths to give Velásquez his fourth winner in the 11th running of the race.
There was another "Young America Stakes" raced in the last decades of the 19th century at a racetrack in Nashville, Tennessee.
Winners
1995 - Defacto
1994 - Miss Union Avenue
1993 - Seattle Rob
1992 - Mischievous Music
1991 - Maston
1990 - Southern Sign
1989 - Roanoke
1988 - Irish Actor
1987 - Firery Ensign
1986 - Conquistarose
1985 - Storm Cat
1984 - Script Ohio
1983 - Swale
1982 - Slewpy
1981 - Deputy Minister
1980 - Lord Avie
1979 - Koluctoo Bay
1978 - Spectacular Bid
1977 - Forever Casting
References
Sources
October 31, 1987 New York Times article on the Young America Stakes
1977 establishments in New Jersey
Horse races in New Jersey
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Turf races in the United States
Previously graded stakes races in the United States
Discontinued horse races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1977
Recurring events disestablished in 1995
Lake Chaubunagungamaug, also known as Webster Lake, is a lake in the town of Webster, Massachusetts. It is located near the Connecticut border and has a surface area of 1,442 acres. Since 1921, the lake has also been known by a much longer name having 45 letters comprising fourteen syllables: Lake Char­gogg­a­gogg­man­chaugg­a­gogg­chau­bun­a­gung­a­maugg. The lake has become famous beyond Central Massachusetts for having the longest name of any geographic feature in all of the United States.
Name
The lake's name comes from Loup, an Algonquian language, and is often said to mean, "Fishing Place at the Boundaries—Neutral Meeting Grounds". A more fitting translation is "lake divided by islands", according to anthropologist Ives Goddard.
Today, "Webster Lake" may be the name most used, but some (including many residents of Webster) take pride in reeling off the longer versions. This lake has several alternative names. Lake Chaubunagungamaug is the name of the lake as recognized by the U.S. Department of the Interior, and is the name appearing in the earliest local records.
Algonquian-speaking peoples had several different names for the lake as recorded on old maps and historical records. However, all of these were similar in part and had almost the same translation. Among other early names were "Chabanaguncamogue" and "Chaubanagogum". Early town records show the name as "Chabunagungamaug Pond", which was also the name of the local Nipmuc town (recorded in 1668 and 1674 with somewhat different spellings). This has been translated as "boundary fishing place", but something close to "fishing place at the boundary" or "that which is a divided island lake" may be more accurate.
A 1795 map of Massachusetts indicated the name, using the long-form's first eight syllables, as "Chargoggagoggmanchoggagogg". A survey of the lake done in 1830 lists the name as "Chaubunagungamaugg", the six-syllable older name. The following year, both Dudley and Oxford, which then adjoined the lake, filed maps listing the lake by its eight-syllable form, as "Chargoggagoggmanchoggagogg". Anthropologist Ives Goddard considers that 1831 name to be a cartographer's creation that corrupted the actual name while confusing this lake with nearby Manchaug Pond.
Long name
The exaggerated name "Lake Char­gogg­a­gogg­man­chaugg­a­gogg­chau­bun­a­gung­a­maugg" () is a 45-letter alternative name for this body of fresh water, often cited as the longest place name in the United States and one of the longest in the world. Many area residents, as well as the official website of the town of Webster, consider the longer version correct.
The humorous translation is: "You fish on your side, I'll fish on my side, and no one shall fish in the middle". Its humorous translation were perhaps invented by Laurence J. Daly, editor of The Webster Times. According to Ives Goddard, Curator of Anthropology at the Smithsonian Institution, Daly created this "monstrosity" around 1921, though this is probably not correct, as the name was in use as early as c1910 on postcards.
Spellings of the long name vary; in 2009, following six years of press reports, the local Chamber of Commerce agreed to have the spelling changed on its signs, but a 45-letter version of the name arrayed in a semicircle is still used. Webster public schools use one long form of the name in various capacities.
Geography
Webster Lake is a lake with a shoreline in southern Massachusetts, near the Connecticut border. It is the third largest fresh body of water in Massachusetts, after slightly larger Long Pond, and the much larger Quabbin Reservoir. The average depth is and the maximum depth is .
Although the lake is natural in origin, its outlet has a dam that raises the water level by a couple feet. The dam initially provided water for a mill, and subsequently the water rights to the lake were owned by Cranston Print Works; currently, the dam is owned by Webster Lake Preservation LLC.
The lake is commonly divided into three smaller bodies of water: North Pond, Middle Pond, and South Pond. They are connected by narrow channels.
Islands
Webster Lake has about 7–8 islands. Some have houses and are habitable; a few are extremely small and uninhabitable. They include:
Long Island: The largest island in Webster Lake. It has many homes and has electric power lines, underground/underwater municipal water and sewer service, and several fire hydrants. It is in the Middle Pond.
Goat Island: The second largest island. It has a few homes and boats. It is in the Middle Pond but isolated from the cluster of islands that include Long Island.
Well Island: A smaller island with one house west of Long Island in the Middle Pond.
Strip Island: Generally northeast of Long Island and north of Cobble Island with one house, also in the Middle Pond.
Cobble Island: East of Long Island, in the Middle Pond.
Little Island: In South Pond, right out of the no wake zone from the Middle Pond, one house.
Birch Island: Large island on west edge of Middle Pond with Pout Pond on west side and swamp surrounding entire island. It is located roughly between Treasure Island and The Narrows with access by a bridge on Birch Island Road near The Narrows. There are many homes on island and establishment once called Birch Island Pavilion, now called Waterfront Mary's.
Small island near east side of Narrows in Middle Pond. May be called either Misery Island or Skunk Island, depending on the map.
Marinas
Webster lake has two marinas:
Lakeview Marine: The only full-service marine store and service shop on Webster Lake.
Point Breeze: A restaurant with a small marina. Point Breeze Marina has the only dockside gas pump on the lake.
In popular culture
In the 1950s, a plan to shorten the official name of the lake inspired a poem of doggerel verse which concludes:
"Touch not a g!" No impious hand
Shall wrest one from that noble name
Fifteen in all their glory stand
And ever shall the same.
For never shall that number down,
Tho Gogg and Magogg shout and thunder;
Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg's renown
Shall blaze, the beacon of the town,
While nations gaze and wonder.
Three songs about the lake's name have been written. The first was a regional song from the 1930s. The second, "The Lake Song (Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg)" was recorded by Ethel Merman and Ray Bolger and released in 1954 by Decca and incorporates the tale about the lake's name according to the name's inventor, Laurence J. Daly, editor of The Webster Times. The most recent was released in 2010 by Diane Taraz.
The lake is referenced in season 6, episode 6 of Gilmore Girls, "Welcome to the Dollhouse." The character Kirk says, "[It is] an old Nipmuc Indian name. It means you fish on your side of the lake, I'll fish on my side, no one fishes in the middle. Or maybe it means Buffalo."
See also
List of long place names
Longest word in English
Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu, the longest place name in New Zealand, and the world
Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch, the longest place name in the UK
Longest words
Chaubunagungamaug Nipmuck
Chaubunagungamaug Reservation
References
External links
A history of the lake
NY Times - What's the Name of That Lake? It's Hard to Say
Listen to the Lake Song
Webster Lake Real Estate Boat Tours
MassWildlife Map and Info
Map of the area watershed
Lake Chaubunagungamaugg photos 1
Lake Chaubunagungamaugg photos 2
Chaubunagungamaug
Chaubunagungamaug
Webster, Massachusetts
Mikhail Feodorovich Panov (Russian: Михаил Фёдорович Панов; 21 November 1901, in Ovchinikov, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire – 8 May 1979, in Moscow, Soviet Union) was a Soviet general.
Biography
Early life
Born to a peasant family, Panov worked in a St. Peterburg factory from a young age. In 1919, he joined both the Communist Party and the Red Army, participating in the Civil War. In 1924 he attended a tank commanders school and, in 1928, underwent advanced infantry officers training. He graduated from the Stalin Academy for Motorization and Mechanization in 1938, assuming command over the 48th Light Tank Brigade in November of that year. In March 1941, he was appointed commander of the 33rd Tank Division.
World War II
On the eve of the German invasion, the division was still organizing in Sokółka. It was part of the 3rd Army's 11th Mechanized Corps. When the Germans attacked, Panov launched a hasty counter-offensive. Eventually, with many other formations, the division was encircled in the Battle of Białystok–Minsk and practically wiped out. Panov broke out, reaching Soviet lines. On October, he was made an assistant to the Inspector-General of the Armored Automobiles Directorate.
At November 1942, Panov was sent to Tambov, where the 2nd Guards Army was forming, and assigned to command its Armored and Mechanized formations. On 15 December, the Army was sent to Stalingrad, halting von Manstein's assault and playing a pivotal role in Operation Little Saturn.
On 26 April 1943, Panov replaced the 1st Guards Don Tank Corps's commander, who was killed. He attained the rank of Major General on 7 June 1943. Under his leadership, the corps took part in Operation Kutuzov, the Lower Dnieper Offensive and the Gomel-Rechitsa Offensive, as part of the Don, Central and Belorussian Fronts.
During Operation Bagration, the Corps crossed the Polesia marshes in harsh conditions, spearheading the Bobruysk Offensive. On 2 July 1944, it met with 2nd Guards Tank Corps of the 3rd Belorussian Front outside Minsk, encircling the German forces inside the city. Later, the Corps took part in the fighting in the Narew area, in the Vistula-Oder Offensive and in the East-Pomeranian Campaign. It was one of the first Soviet units to reach the Elbe. The commander was promoted to Lieutenant General on 19 April 1945.
Later years
After the war, Panov was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union (Medal no. 7314), on 29 May. He continued to command the Corps until June 1946, when he took over the 4th Guards Kantemirovskaya Tank Division. He graduated from the General Staff Academy in 1958. From 1961 until his retirement at 1967 he headed a faculty in the Malinovsky Academy.
Honours and awards
"Gold Star" Medal Hero of the Soviet Union
Two Orders of Lenin
Order of the Red Banner, four times
Order of Suvorov, 1st class and 2nd class, twice
Order of Kutuzov, 2nd class
References
Further reading
Панов М. Ф., На направлении главного удара: Военно-исторический очерк о боевом пути 1-го гвардейского танкового Донского корпуса (M.F. Panov, the Direction of the Main Strike: A Historic Overview of the 1st Don Guards Tank Corps in Battle). Moscow, 1995
1901 births
1979 deaths
People from Nevelsky District, Pskov Oblast
People from Nevelsky Uyezd
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Soviet lieutenant generals
Soviet military personnel of the Russian Civil War
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Recipients of the Order of Suvorov, 1st class
Recipients of the Order of Kutuzov, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of Suvorov, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Grunwald, 3rd class
Burials at Kuntsevo Cemetery
Plagiocladus is a genus of the family Phyllanthaceae, first described as a genus in 1987. It contains only one known species, Plagiocladus diandrus, native to central Africa (Cameroon, Gabon, Equatorial Guinea, Republic of Congo).
References
Phyllanthaceae
Phyllanthaceae genera
Monotypic Malpighiales genera
Flora of West-Central Tropical Africa
Mahadeo Simaria is a village in Jamui district of Bihar State, India. It is located from district headquarters Jamui and from state capital Patna. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
There is a Temple to Shiva. Shiva is called Mahadeo, so the village was named Mahadeo Simaria.
The village was a part of " Gidhaur " Kingdom.
See also
List of villages in India
List of villages in Bihar
References
External links
Census India official website
Villages in Jamui district
Rudolf Graf Montecuccoli degli Erri (22 February 1843-16 May 1922) was chief of the Austro-Hungarian Navy from 1904 to 1913 and largely responsible for the modernization of the fleet before the First World War.
Overview
Montecuccoli was born in Modena in 1843, a descendant of the famous imperial Feldmarschall, Raimondo Montecuccoli (1609–1680). Raimondo Montecuccoli's only son died in 1698, but the title of count descended through his daughters to two lines, Austrian and Modenese.
When Rudolf Montecuccoli was born, Modena was still an Austrian Habsburg possession, ruled by the house of Austria-Este. During the 1859 Italian campaign, however, the last Habsburg Duke of Modena, Francesco V, fled to Austria following the Austrian defeat at Magenta (4 June). Italian patriots seized control, demanding union with the Kingdom of Sardinia. This was confirmed by plebiscite in March 1860, and at the age of 17 Montecuccoli saw his birthplace and ancestral home pass under what he considered a foreign sovereignty. (A year later, Modena became part of the Kingdom of Italy.)
Educated as a naval officer, Montecuccoli was little known outside the Austro-Hungarian naval establishment before his appointment as Marinekommandant (Navy Commander) and Chef der Marinesektion (Chief of the Naval Section) of the War Ministry in October 1904, upon the resignation of Hermann von Spaun.
Montecuccoli found his efforts to modernize the fleet impeded by chronic domestic political friction in the annual budget debate of the Reichsrat, which was composed of 60-member delegations from the Austrian and Hungarian parliaments. Faced with Italian plans to build a dreadnought battleship, Montecuccoli on 20 February 1908 announced Austria-Hungary's intention to build such vessels. The design was accepted on 27 April 1909; Montecuccoli thought the necessary funds could be obtained in the 1910 budget, to be debated in October 1909. He suggested that Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino (STT) and Škoda should begin construction of the ships and guns on their own account until the naval budget was adopted.
When the time came, the Reichsrat denied the funds for domestic political reasons. Montecuccoli was compelled to resort to an intricate web of propaganda and deception to camouflage the fact that the new ships did not have Reichsrat approval. He asserted that industry was financing the construction of two dreadnoughts on speculation; this was completely untrue, and both STT and Skoda were extremely nervous about the subterfuge. In the event, and could not be laid down until after Montecuccoli took an expensive 32 million crown credit in 1910 upon his own responsibility. By that time Italy had launched and laid down three more dreadnoughts, and France had laid down , her first.
The first Austro-Hungarian dreadnoughts were thus already under construction when the Reichsrat delegations met in March 1911 to consider the 1911 budget. Viribus Unitis and Tegetthoff were authorized retroactively by the deputies, who also sanctioned construction of and . Approval of these two later ships was calculated to keep the balance between the Austrian and Hungarian parts of the Dual Monarchy. Only one went to the Austrian-owned STT at Trieste, the other going to the Danubius Yard at the Hungarian port of Fiume, and the two ships' names carefully chosen to reflect, respectively, Austrian and Hungarian national pride.
Montecuccoli retired as head of the naval administration on his 70th birthday, 22 February 1913, and was succeeded by Anton Haus. The Austro-Hungarian fleet, so arduously modernized by Montecuccoli and maintained in wartime by Haus as a 'fleet in being', was parceled out among the victorious powers after 1918.
Montecuccoli died in Baden-bei-Wien in 1922, at the age of 79.
Honours
He received the following orders and decorations:
Literature
Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1906-1921.
Jane's Fighting Ships 1914.
References
Notes
See also
Austro-Hungarian Navy
1843 births
1922 deaths
Austro-Hungarian admirals
Counts of Austria
People from the Province of Modena
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
Grand Crosses of the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 1st class
Grand Cordons of the Order of the Rising Sun
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 1st class
Commanders of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Crosses of Naval Merit
Annulled Honorary Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Commanders of the Order of the Crown (Romania)
Deligiorgis, Deligeorgis , (, ) is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dimitrios Deligeorgis, Greek revolutionary and politician
Epameinondas Deligeorgis, Greek lawyer, newspaper reporter, and politician
Nikolaos Deligiorgis, Greek magazine editor and publisher
Greek-language surnames
The 1975 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 11, 1975, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan. Blakeney and the NDP were re-elected to a majority government.
Both the New Democratic government of Premier Allan Blakeney and the opposition Liberal Party, led by David Steuart, dropped in support to the resurgent Progressive Conservative Party. The Tories, who were a minor force in the previous election, drew over a quarter of the 1975 electorate.
Campaign
One of the main issues of the campaign was natural resources management. On the onset of the campaign, Saskatchewan was facing court challenges and a capital strike from multinational resource extraction companies. The potash industry was opposed to the new provincial reserve tax on the mineral Blakeney's government had introduced the previous year. The federal government under Pierre Trudeau supported the companies' court challenges, and announced in his November 1974 budget that it would end the deduction of provincial royalties from federal tax.
Under these circumstances, the opposition Liberal and PC parties proposed lower natural resources royalty payments to ease the companies' concerns and bring back investments in the province. They were fiercely opposed to public ownership of natural resources. On the other hand, Blakeney's NDP ran on the slogan New Deal '75. The platform promised to increase royalties, and more direct government participation in the natural resources sector, especially for the development and exploration of energy resources like oil, gas, coal and uranium, and minerals like postash.
Results
Percentages
Ranking
Riding results
Names in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker. Party leaders are italicized. The symbol " ** " indicates MLAs who are not running again.
Northwest Saskatchewan
Northeast Saskatchewan
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Prog. Conservative
|Norm Wipf
|align="right"|3,022
|align="right"|39.84%
|align="right"|+21.37
|NDP
|Jerome Hammersmith
|align="right"|2,773
|align="right"|36.55%
|align="right"|+1.14
|Liberal
|Alexandre Joseph Baribeau
|align="right"|1,791
|align="right"|23.61%
|align="right"|-22.51
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,586
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
West Central Saskatchewan
East Central Saskatchewan
|-
|style="width: 130px"|NDP
|Norm Lusney
|align="right"|3,724
|align="right"|48.29%
|align="right"|-1.97
|Prog. Conservative
|Barrie Johnson
|align="right"|2,314
|align="right"|30.00%
|align="right"|+13.54
|Liberal
|Donn Walsh
|align="right"|1,674
|align="right"|21.71%
|align="right"|-10.50
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,712
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
Southwest Saskatchewan
Southeast Saskatchewan
Saskatoon
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Prog. Conservative
|Bill Lane
|align="right"|3,962
|align="right"|38.68%
|align="right"|+18.57
|Liberal
|Gerry Fraser
|align="right"|3,423
|align="right"|33.42%
|align="right"|-10.51
|NDP
|Anne Boulton
|align="right"|2,829
|align="right"|27.61%
|align="right"|-8.35
|Independent
|Alexander Vasey Barker
|align="right"|30
|align="right"|0.29%
|align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|10,244
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
Regina
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan: Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1975 elections in Canada
1975 in Saskatchewan
1975
June 1975 events in Canada
Mongicual District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Mogincual.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
The Special Constables Act 1838 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Summary description
An Act for the Payment of Constables for Keeping the Peace near Public Works.
Preamble
Whereas great mischiefs have arisen by the outrageous and unlawful behaviour of labourers and others employed on railroads [sic], canals, and other public works, by reason whereof the appointment of special constables is often necessary for keeping the peace, and for the protection of the inhabitants and security of the property in the neighbourhood of such public works, whereby great expenses have been cast upon the public rates of counties and other districts chargeable with such expenses:-
The Act dealt with financial matters connected with the appointment and payment of the aforesaid constables; it provided for the companies employing the labourers and others to bear the cost of the constables and also limited any such claims which were deemed to be unreasonable.
Repeal
The Act was repealed by the Statute Law Revision (No.2) Act 1874 (37 & 38 Vict. c.96.).
Sources
Special Constables Act 1838
1838 in law
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1838
Railway Acts
Repealed United Kingdom Acts of Parliament
Police legislation in the United Kingdom
Servia was a town in Adams County, Washington. The GNIS classifies it as a populated place.
When the Milwaukee Railway was built through Servia, the officials named the station after the Kingdom of Serbia. Consequently, the community derived its name from Serbia.
References
Ghost towns in Washington (state)
Geography of Adams County, Washington
Russian bandy champion () is a title held by the winners of the final of the highest Russian bandy league played each year, currently the Bandy Super League.
The championship is for men's teams. There is also a women's bandy championship.
The Russian championship is seen as a direct continuation of the Soviet Union championship. Many Russian bandy clubs were formed during the Soviet years. Therefore, this list also include the Soviet Union champions until the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.
History
The first national bandy championship in the then Soviet Union was held in 1936 but wasn't resumed for the next 14 years. Starting in 1950, the Soviet Union Bandy Championship became annual and continued to exist up until the 1990-91 season, when mid-season, the Soviet Union was dissolved, so the 1991 champion was instead named Champion of the Commonwealth of Independent States. For the following season, 1991–92, the Russian Bandy League was formed and the champion has since become Russian Champion. The league is ended with a play-off for the Russian Bandy Championship. Starting with the 2011-12 season, the league was rearranged and renamed the Russian Bandy Super League.
Until the 2008-09 season, a bronze game was held, but since then, the third place is shared by the two semi-final losing teams.
List of winners
Soviet Union Champions
Commonwealth of Independent States Champions
Russian Champions
Titles
Number of titles per club
External links
USSR and Russian bandy champions
Champions
Champions
Champions
Russia
Bandy
"Bernice Bobs Her Hair" is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was first published in May 1920 in the Saturday Evening Post. The original publication was illustrated by May Wilson Preston. The work later appeared in the September 1920 short story collection Flappers and Philosophers.
Fitzgerald's story follows the plight of a mixed-race Native American girl named Bernice from rural Eau Claire, Wisconsin, who visits her beautiful and sophisticated white cousin Marjorie in the city. In an attempt to be popular, Bernice announces she will bob her hair, but this announcement leads to unforeseen consequences.
Decades after its publication, literary critic Orville Prescott of The New York Times hailed the work in 1951 as a landmark story "that set social standards for a generation of young Americans, that revealed secrets of popularity and gave wonderful examples of what to say at a dinner table or on the dance floor."
Background
The story was based on letters which a nineteen-year-old Fitzgerald sent to his fourteen-year-old sister Annabel. As she wished to make herself more socially appealing, he "attempted to refine her social skills, providing detailed instructions on popularity and improving her image."
In 1915, Fitzgerald wrote her a voluminous 10-page letter which gave "advice on conversation, poise, carriage, dancing, expression, dress, and personality." Fitzgerald later used this letter for the basis of his 1919 story draft. The original text of the story was much longer, but Fitzgerald cut nearly 3,000 words and changed the ending to make the story more attractive to publishers.
Fitzgerald named the title character Bernice as a reference to Berenice II of Egypt. According to legend, Berenice sacrificed her most beloved possession—her tresses—to ensure victory in warfare. For this act, the gods bestowed upon her a great honor: they placed her tresses in the heavens as the constellation Coma Berenices.
Summary
Bernice, a purportedly mixed-race girl from rural Eau Claire, Wisconsin, visits her beautiful and sophisticated cousin Marjorie Harvey for the month of August. At the Saturday-night dances, none of the handsome boys wish to dance with or speak to Bernice, and Marjorie feels that Bernice is a drag on her social life.
One evening, Bernice overhears a hurtful conversation between Marjorie and Marjorie's mother in which Marjorie comments that Bernice is socially hopeless. She ascribes Bernice's social awkwardness and conversational reticence to Bernice's supposed Native American ancestry. "I think it's that crazy Indian blood in Bernice," remarks Marjorie. "Maybe she's a reversion to type. Indian women all just sat round and never said anything."
The next morning at breakfast, a distraught Bernice threatens to leave town but, when Marjorie is unfazed by her threats, Bernice relents. She reluctantly agrees to let Marjorie turn her into a society girl. Marjorie teaches Bernice how to hold interesting conversations, how to flirt with unattractive boys to make herself seem more desirable, and how to dance. At the next party, Bernice's best line is teasing the boys with the idea that she will soon bob her hair, and they will get to watch.
With her new coquettish demeanor, Bernice becomes popular with the boys in town, especially with nineteen-year-old Warren McIntyre. Warren, who lives across the street, has been in love with Marjorie since childhood but she consistently neglects him. When it becomes clear that Warren has shifted his romantic attentions from Marjorie to Bernice, a vindictive Marjorie sets about publicly humiliating Bernice by tricking her into going through with bobbing her hair.
Marjorie tells various boys that Bernice never intended to bob her hair and that it was merely a ploy to attract their attentions. To prove Marjorie wrong, Bernice consents to be taken to a barbershop by Warren, Marjorie, and a coterie of admirers. However, after the barber bobs Bernice's hair, the boys abruptly lose interest in her, and Bernice realizes that she was tricked by Marjorie.
Marjorie's mother points out that Bernice's flapper haircut will provoke a scandal at an upcoming party held in her and Marjorie's honor. Deciding it would be best to leave the town before the party the next day, Bernice packs her trunk in the middle of the night and plans to leave on the next train after midnight. Before she departs, Bernice sneaks into Marjorie's room and shears off her cousin's two luxurious braids while she sleeps.
Exiting the Harvey house, Bernice leaves with both her luggage and Marjorie's two severed braids. As she proceeds to the train station, she notices Warren's house across the street. On a sudden impulse, she hurls Marjorie's braids onto Warren's front porch and shouts, "Scalp the selfish thing!" Then, picking up her luggage, Bernice runs down the moonlit street to the train station to return to her rural hometown of Eau Claire.
Adaptations
The short story has been adapted twice for television. In 1951, CBS adapted the story for a Starlight Theatre episode starring 26-year-old Julie Harris as Bernice, Mary Sinclair as Marjorie, and Jerry Paris as Otis. Anita Loos appeared in a cameo as herself.
The story was again made into a television production in 1976 for PBS for The American Short Story. It was directed by Joan Micklin Silver and starred 27-year-old Shelley Duvall as the teenage Bernice, Veronica Cartwright as Marjorie, and Bud Cort as Warren. The role of Draycott Deyo was played by Patrick Reynolds (then using the stage name Patrick Byrne) and Marjorie's mother was played by Polly Holliday.
The story was later converted into a one-act play by D.D. Brooke for The Dramatic Publishing Company.
It was adapted into a 2015 musical by Adam Gwon and Julia Jordan.
The Irish pop group The Divine Comedy turned the story into a song on its 1993 album Liberation.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
The Saturday Evening Post — "Bernice Bobs Her Hair" (HathiTrust)
Short stories by F. Scott Fitzgerald
1920 short stories
1920s short stories
Fiction about fashion
American short stories
Works originally published in The Saturday Evening Post
Works about Native Americans
Flappers
Beg for It is the seventh studio album by Swedish hard rock band Hardcore Superstar. The album was released in Sweden on 3 June 2009, and in the United Kingdom on 8 June 2009. Hardcore Superstar released the album for streaming on their MySpace website on 27 May 2009. The first single to be released from the album was "Beg for It", which has already gained Gold status in Sweden.
Track listing
Personnel
Jocke Berg - lead vocals
Vic Zino - guitar
Martin Sandvik - bass, vocals
Magnus "Adde" Andreason - drums
References
2009 albums
Hardcore Superstar albums
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter P. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
P
Pertoča (; in older sources also Prtoča, , ) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to Saint Helena. It belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Murska Sobota. It was originally a Gothic building dating to the 16th century. In the 1960s the original church was demolished and rebuilt in a modern style.
References
External links
Pertoča on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
Corilagin is an ellagitannin. Corilagin was first isolated in 1951 from Dividivi extract and from Caesalpinia coriaria, hence the name of the molecule. It can also be found in Alchornea glandulosa and in the leaves of Punica granatum (pomegranate).
It is a weak carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.
Ellagic acid and corilagin inhibit TGF-β1–dependent EMT and has been shown to attenuate fibrogenesis in a mouse model. Fibrosis is also indicated in many health conditions, including skin aging and MRSA susceptibility.
References
Ellagitannins
Pomegranate ellagitannins
Mutarara District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Tete Province
Ambassador Robert Thorn is a fictional character and the protagonist of the 1976 horror film The Omen. He is also the protagonist of the novel of same name by David Seltzer, where he is renamed as Jeremy Thorn. The story is about rise of the Devil's child through the world of politics. Robert Thorn adopts an orphan child who later turns out to be the Antichrist.
The character is portrayed by Gregory Peck in the 1976 classic movie and by Liev Schreiber in the 2006 remake.
Background
Robert Thorn is the son of wealthy Reginald Thorn and has earned millions as inheritance. He has a brother, Richard, with whom he has attended Davidson Military Academy in Chicago. He has always been an athlete, and played as the quarterback for the Academy football team (as stated in Damien: Omen 2). At the time The Omen takes place, the incumbent U.S. President is said to have been his former college roommate. He had known his wife Katherine Thorn since his childhood days and always loved her.
Characterization
Robert is portrayed as a responsible figure. In the novel, it is said that he always knew his wife Katherine was emotionally unstable, but he still wanted to marry her and was a loving and caring husband. After his wife gave birth to a stillborn child, he was deeply concerned about how to break the news to her, fearing it would kill her. Katherine had wanted a baby for a long time and had two miscarriages. In order to hide the truth, he secretly adopted a baby boy, Damien. He shows his concern for Katherine throughout the story and does everything he is capable of doing to help her which would later backfire and lead to their deaths. He is also portrayed as a loving father.
Damien Thorn
Robert's wife Katherine has always wanted a child. Although not mentioned in the films, she had previously suffered from two miscarriages (the film only mentions her wanting a baby for a long time). On June the 6th, while in Rome, Katherine finally gave birth. When Robert reaches the hospital the priest in charge, Father Spiletto, informs him that the child is dead. Robert shows deep concern for his wife and Father Spiletto suggests that he secretly adopt a child without letting Katherine know about it. Spiletto shows him a baby boy, telling him that the child's mother had died at the same time as his son. Although reluctant to some extent at first, Robert ultimately decides to adopt, thinking about the serious impact the news could put on his wife. Spiletto states "On this night, Mr. Thorn, God has given you a son."
Learning Damien's Origin
After the birth of Damien, the Thorns are a happy family. Thorn is appointed as the Ambassador to the Court of St James, but their perfect lives start to change soon after Damien turns five. During the celebration of his fifth birthday, Damien's nanny hangs herself. Her dying words are, "It's all for you, Damien."
Katherine's Fears Regarding Damien
The Thorns are soon joined by a new nanny, Mrs. Baylock, who is a servant of Satan. Soon after she arrives, Katherine's feelings toward Damien changes. In the novel, Katherine complains to Robert that Damien is more comfortable with Mrs. Baylock than with her.
Later, Katherine wants to take Damien to a church wedding. Baylock strongly opposes and does everything to change Katherine's mind. Ultimately Damien is taken to the church, but attacks his mother out of fear. Although Katherine does not make much of it and is convinced he had a bad day, her mind later changes.
The next day when she takes him to the zoo, the animals react to Damien's presence in a violent way. This causes serious emotional damage to Katherine later that night. She cries to Robert that she needs a doctor, but refuses to tell him what exactly her problems were. After seeing a doctor, she starts to get annoyed by Damien and cannot stand his presence.
Father Brennan
Thorn gets an unexpected visit from a priest, Father Brennan (Father Tasson in the novel) the day following the first nanny's death. He tries to warn Thorn about his son's origins, hoping to be forgiven by Christ by doing so. Naturally Thorn does not take it seriously and asks him to leave. The priest however persists and days later requests to meet with him at the Bishops Park. He warns Robert that if he does not come, his wife may be in danger.
When Robert meets him, Brennan tells him that Katherine is pregnant and the child will die while it is in the womb. Damien will kill first the child, then Katherine and when he is certain that all of Thorn's properties will be his, he'll kill Robert as well. Brennan tells him to meet Bugenhagen in Israel who will tell him how to kill Damien.
Robert leaves with anger and then Brennan dies in a freak accident. The next day Robert learns Katherine is indeed pregnant and wants an abortion, which he opposes. Robert is told by an unknown caller to check the newspaper; when he does he see the news regarding the priest's death. Robert now starts to suspect that something is indeed wrong.
Keith Jennings
Keith Jennings (Huber Jennings in the novel) had attended Damien's fifth birthday party. An eyewitness to the nanny's suicide, he becomes very interested in the Thorns. He starts to follow Robert and take photos of people associated with him. The day following the nanny's death, Robert mistakenly breaks Jennings's camera in front of the embassy. That same day when Brennan leaves the embassy Jennings takes his photo and sees an unusual mark in the picture. Days later he sees the priest with Thorn again and once again the photo he takes contains the same mark. When Jennings sees the priest dead via a pole passing through his body, he is convinced that the marks he saw in the photos were an omen that he was going to die. A similar mark is seen on the photos he took of Damien's first nanny on his birthday before her death.
After showing the photos to Robert, Jennings gives him additional information about Brennan. Brennan had cancer and knew he was dying. He had a birthmark on his right thigh. The birthmark describes a sequence of sixes (known as 666). Later they go to Brennan's place which is fully covered with pages of the Bible and 47 crosses. Jennings had found a diary that contained all the information Brennan had gathered by stalking Robert. The last entry said he was supposed to meet Thorn at the Bishops Park the day he died. Jennings shows Thorn a few paper clippings from five years ago. One is Damien's birth announcement; another is about an unusual phenomenon; an unusual star, many likes the Star of Bethlehem that appeared five years before.
Trying to figure out the meaning of the birthmark, Jennings asks if Robert is his son was born June the 6th, 6 AM. Robert then confesses for the first time that his son is dead and he has no idea whose son Damien is. Jennings wants to help him find out more about Damien but Thorn refuses saying it is his personal matter. Jennings then shows his photo accidentally taken by himself on the mirror which shows the similar mark; implying he will soon die as well.
Robert travels to Rome with Jennings and goes to the hospital where Damien was born; only to find out the old hospital burned down five years ago, killing many staff members and destroying records. A nun helps Thorn by telling him that Father Spiletto is at a monastery in Subiaco. Thorn and Jennings find Spiletto badly burnt. A monk informs them that he does not speak or move; only his right hand moves with which he confessed that he had abandoned Christ. Thorn asks him to confess to him as well and tell him the whereabouts of Damien's real mother. Spiletto spells 'Cervet' and the monk tells them that Cerveteri is an ancient and abandoned Etruscan graveyard.
Thorn and Jennings go there and find the graves of Jackal, Maria Avedici Santoya and a child, whose skull was smashed to death. Thorn realizes his real son was murdered and Damien is not human. They are then attacked by Rottweiler dogs and barely escape the cemetery.
Soon Thorn and Jennings return to their hotel from where Thorn calls Katherine to leave London and come to him as soon as possible. Jennings tells him to try to remember all that Brennan told him at the Bishops Park while he goes to find out about the town of Megiddo. Thorn soon learns Katherine is dead and has the urge to kill Damien. By the time Jennings returns he remembered all the things Brennan told him.
The next day they go to Megiddo, Israel to meet Bugenhagen. Bugenhagen gives him "Seven Daggers of Megiddo", the only tool that can kill Damien. He explains Damien must be killed on Hallowed Ground. So that Robert is convinced, he tells him to find a 666 birthmark on Damien's body. Deeply disturbed by the idea of killing a child, Thorn throws away the daggers soon after leaving Bugenhagen. Jennings is decapitated while trying to pick them up. Finally convinced of evil forces surrounding him and feeling responsible for Jennings's death, Thorn takes the daggers and flies to London.
Death
Robert Thorn returns to London with the daggers Bugenhagen gave him and prepares to kill the little boy. To make sure he is doing the right thing, he checks if Damien indeed bears the 666 birthmark. When he finally discovers the mark, he is then attacked by Mrs. Baylock, who is there to protect Damien. After he kills Baylock, he puts Damien in his car and drives to a nearby church. He is asked to stop by a policeman on the way, but he doesn't and the police start to chase him. He reaches the church and gets ready to kill Damien; however, he hesitated. He says "God Help Me." and is about to stab him when the police arrive. The police, having no idea of Damien's origins shoot Robert and Damien survives.
Funeral
Robert Thorn and his wife Katherine are buried in Washington, where they are given an honorable burial and blessed by a Catholic priest. The last scene of The Omen shows Damien holding the hand of the U.S. President, Robert's college roommate, and his wife.
Difference in the Two Film Version Characters
Robert Thorn is portrayed by both Gregory Peck in the 1976 version and Liev Schreiber in the 2006 version of The Omen movies in the same manner (a few minor details about their action changes).
References
Fictional senators
Fictional politicians
Fictional ambassadors
Fictional businesspeople
The Omen (franchise)
Film characters introduced in 1976
Fictional diplomats
Fictional characters from Chicago
Male horror film characters
Martin Horntveth (born 20 September 1977) is a Norwegian musician (primarily drummer), composer and electronica artist. He was born in Tønsberg, and is the younger brother of tubaist Line Horntveth, but is best known as the drummer and key member of Jaga Jazzist and The National Bank together with his brother Lars Horntveth.
Career
Together with Ravi (Ivar Johansen) he started in 1994 the band Jaga Jazzist, where he and his brother Lars are key members. In summer 2003 he and his brother Lars, wrote a commissioned work for Vestfold Festspillene in Tønsberg. The work was performed by the musicians who later became the band The National Bank. He received the Edvard Prize 2005 in the class pop music for the tune Tolerate from the band's debut album The National Bank, together with his brother Lars and the lyricist Martin Hagfors.
As a solo artist he has released two EP's with electronica music and toured the US and Europe. He also has a more pop/rock oriented solo project under the name Wolf Whistle where he plays all the instruments himself. Horntveth is also musician for the theater group Stella Polaris.
Horntveth has also been a drummer in Bigbang in the period 1997–1999, and was playing the drums on the album Electric Psalmbook. He has been a band leader for Bertine Zetlitz' backing band, and played with artists such as Anneli Drecker, Thomas Dybdahl and the band Home Groan. Horntveth has also written music for TV series Luftens helter and Himmelblå, and participated in the TV series Thursday evening with Steinar Sagen where he was musical director and studio musician in the fictional TV show. In 2003 he also became involved in a noise-rock side-project called Killl with Espen Hangård, Erlend Mokkelbost and Are Mokkelbost, which released a live DVD in 2011.
Horntveth played music for the theater troupe Stella Polaris, and has also established himself as a solo artist and composer for film, television and stage.
Discography
Fast Motion (Smalltown Supersound, 2002) EP
Skull EP (Smalltown Supersound, 2003) EP
Fast Motion/Skull EP (Smalltown Supersound, 2005) LP
References
External links
Lydverket spanderer: Jaga Jazzist NRK
Jaga Jazzist members
20th-century Norwegian drummers
21st-century Norwegian drummers
Norwegian jazz drummers
Male drummers
Electronica musicians
Norwegian composers
Norwegian male composers
Musicians from Tønsberg
Living people
1977 births
Male jazz musicians
The National Bank (band) members
Bigbang (Norwegian band) members
Smalltown Supersound artists
The 2013 Samsung Securities Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the 14th edition of the men's tournament which was part of the 2013 ATP Challenger Tour and the third edition of the women's event, which was part of the 2013 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Seoul, South Korea, on 28 October–3 November 2013.
Men's singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 21 October 2013
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Chung Hyeon
Lee Duck-hee
Nam Ji-sung
Kim Young-seok
The following player received entry with a Protected Ranking:
Daniel Kosakowski
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Sergey Betov
Yuichi Ito
Toshihide Matsui
Yang Tsung-hua
Women's singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 21 October 2013
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Han Sung-hee
Kang Seo-kyung
Lee Hwa
Yu Min-hwa
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Choi Ji-hee
Rika Fujiwara
Hong Seung-yeon
Jeong Yeong-won
Kim Da-hye
Kim So-jung
Kim Sun-jung
Zhu Lin
Champions
Men's singles
Dušan Lajović def. Julian Reister by Walkover
Women's singles
Han Na-lae def. Kim Da-hye 6–4, 6–4
Men's doubles
Marin Draganja / Mate Pavić def. Lee Hsin-han / Peng Hsien-yin 7–5, 6–2
Women's doubles
Han Na-lae / Yoo Mi def. Kim Sun-jung / Yu Min-hwa 2–6, 6–3, [10–6]
2013 ATP Challenger Tour
2013 ITF Women's Circuit
2013
Samsung
Lindsay McKeown was a Northern Irish footballer who played in the Irish League for twelve seasons with Linfield throughout the 1980s. He won youth caps for Northern Ireland and four caps for the Irish League representative team.
He was a member of the Linfield team that won six League titles in a row from 1981-82 until 1986-87. In total he won eight Irish League championships, two Irish Cups, four Gold Cups, one Ulster Cup, one Irish League Cup, three County Antrim Shields and one Tyler All-Ireland Cup. He was the Ulster Footballer of the Year and Northern Ireland Football Writers' Association Player of the Year for 1979-80.
Sources
M. Brodie (ed.), Northern Ireland Soccer Yearbook 2009-2010, p. 102. Belfast:Ulster Tatler Publications
Irish League Footballing Greats
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
NIFL Premiership players
Ulster Footballers of the Year
Northern Ireland Football Writers' Association Players of the Year
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Linfield F.C. players
Living people
1957 births
Irish League representative players
Association football midfielders
Clejani is a commune in Giurgiu County, Muntenia, Romania, about 40 km south of Bucharest, in the Vlașca region (part of Muntenia), on the Danube Plains near the Bulgarian border. It is composed of four villages: Clejani, Neajlovu, Podu Doamnei and Sterea.
The commune is famous for its lăutari or gypsy musicians, especially the group Taraful Haiducilor (a.k.a. Taraf de Haïdouks) and members of the group Mahala Rai Banda.
References
Communes in Giurgiu County
Localities in Muntenia
Anne Cairns (born 11 January 1981) is a New Zealand-Samoan canoeist, who represented Samoa at the 2016 Summer Olympics, and 2020 Summer Olympics.
Personal life
Cairns lives in Palmerston North, where she attended Palmerston North Girls' High School, and is a firefighter.
Canoeing career
Cairns originally represented New Zealand, and attempted to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the K1 and K4 boats.
Cairns competed in the K1 200 and 500 metre races at the 2016 Summer Olympics, finishing last in both of her heats.
She competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics, in Women's K-1 200 m, and Women's K-1 500 m.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
New Zealand people of Samoan descent
Olympic canoeists of Samoa
Samoan female canoeists
New Zealand female canoeists
Firefighters
People educated at Palmerston North Girls' High School
Sportspeople from Dannevirke
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Stomatella haliotiformis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.
Description
Distribution
This marine species occurs off Japan.
References
Higo, S., Callomon, P. & Goto, Y. (2001) Catalogue and Bibliography of the Marine Shell-Bearing Mollusca of Japan. Gastropoda Bivalvia Polyplacophora Scaphopoda Type Figures. Elle Scientific Publications, Yao, Japan, 208 pp.
haliotiformis
Gastropods described in 1961
Bert Lord (December 4, 1869 – May 24, 1939) was an American politician from New York. A Republican, he served several terms in the New York State Assembly and New York State Senate, and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1935 until his death.
Life
Born in the town of Sanford, Broome County, he attended the public schools and the Afton Union School and Academy. He engaged in the mercantile business at Afton from 1893 to 1918, when he entered the lumber business and operated sawmills.
He was Afton's town supervisor from 1905 to 1915; and a member of the New York State Assembly (Chenango Co.) in 1915, 1916, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1920 and 1921.
He was New York State Commissioner of Motor Vehicles from 1921 to 1923.
He was again a member of the State Assembly in 1924, 1925, 1926, 1927, 1928 and 1929. On November 5, 1929, he was re-elected to the Assembly; on November 25 State Senator B. Roger Wales died, and Lord ran to succeed him.
On January 3, 1930, Lord was elected to the New York State Senate (40th D.). He served in the Senate until 1934, sitting in the 153rd, 154th, 155th, 156th and 157th New York State Legislatures.
Lord was elected as a Republican to the 74th, 75th and 76th United States Congresses; he served from January 3, 1935 until his death.
Lord suffered two heart attacks in May 1939. The second one proved fatal, and he died in Washington, DC on May 24, 1939. He was buried at Glenwood Cemetery in Afton.
Family
Lord was married twice; his first wife was Lillian (Kniskern) Lord (1872-1937), and in December 1938 he married Margaret T. Gregg, who survived him. Lord had no children.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
Sources
Newspapers
Books
External sources
1869 births
1939 deaths
People from Broome County, New York
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state senators
People from Afton, New York
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Lana Abdel Rahman (Arabic: لنا عبد الرحمن) is a Lebanese writer and journalist. She studied at the Lebanese University in Beirut and the American University in Cairo. She lives in Cairo and works as a journalist. Abdel Rahman is the author of three novels and two short story collections. In 2009, she was chosen as one of the eight participants in the inaugural IPAF Nadwa (writers' workshop). An extract from her latest novel Song for Margaret was published in the Nadwa anthology under the title "Letters to Yann Andrea".
References
External links
Author's official website
Lebanese women novelists
Lebanese novelists
Lebanese women short story writers
Lebanese short story writers
Lebanese women journalists
Lebanese journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century novelists
21st-century short story writers
21st-century journalists
21st-century Lebanese writers
21st-century Lebanese women writers
Lebanese University alumni
The American University in Cairo alumni
Lebanese expatriates in Egypt
The Debye–Waller factor (DWF), named after Peter Debye and Ivar Waller, is used in condensed matter physics to describe the attenuation of x-ray scattering or coherent neutron scattering caused by thermal motion. It is also called the B factor, atomic B factor, or temperature factor. Often, "Debye–Waller factor" is used as a generic term that comprises the Lamb–Mössbauer factor of incoherent neutron scattering and Mössbauer spectroscopy.
The DWF depends on the scattering vector q. For a given q, DWF(q) gives the fraction of elastic scattering; 1 – DWF(q) correspondingly gives the fraction of inelastic scattering. (Strictly speaking, this probability interpretation is not true in general.) In diffraction studies, only the elastic scattering is useful; in crystals, it gives rise to distinct Bragg reflection peaks. Inelastic scattering events are undesirable as they cause a diffuse background — unless the energies of scattered particles are analysed, in which case they carry valuable information (for instance in inelastic neutron scattering or electron energy loss spectroscopy).
The basic expression for the DWF is given by
where u is the displacement of a scattering center,
and denotes either thermal or time averaging.
Assuming harmonicity of the scattering centers in the material under study, the Boltzmann distribution implies that is normally distributed with zero mean. Then, using for example the expression of the corresponding characteristic function, the DWF takes the form
Note that although the above reasoning is classical, the same holds in quantum mechanics.
Assuming also isotropy of the harmonic potential, one may write
where q, you're the magnitudes (or absolute values) of the vectors q, u respectively, and is the mean squared displacement. In crystallographic publications, values of are often given where . Note that if the incident wave has wavelength , and it is elastically scattered by an angle of , then
In the context of protein structures, the term B-factor is used. The B-factor is defined as
It is measured in units of Å2.
The B-factors can be taken as indicating the relative vibrational motion of different parts of the structure. Atoms with low B-factors belong to a part of the structure that is well ordered. Atoms with large B-factors generally belong to part of the structure that is very flexible. Each ATOM record (PDB file format) of a crystal structure deposited with the Protein Data Bank contains a B-factor for that atom.
Derivation
Introduction
Scattering experiments are a common method for learning about crystals. Such experiments typically involve a probe (e.g. X-rays or neutrons) and a crystalline solid. A well-characterized probe propagating towards the crystal may interact and scatter away in a particular manner. Mathematical expressions relating the scattering pattern, properties of the probe, properties of the experimental apparatus, and properties of the crystal then allow one to derive desired features of the crystalline sample.
The following derivation is based on chapter 14 of Simon's The Oxford Solid State Basics and on the report Atomic Displacement Parameter Nomenclature by Trueblood et al. (available under #External links). It is recommended to consult these sources for a more explicit discussion. Background on the quantum mechanics involved may be found in Sakurai and Napolitano's Modern Quantum Mechanics.
Scattering experiments often consist of a particle with initial crystal momentum incident on a solid. The particle passes through a potential distributed in space, , and exits with crystal momentum . This situation is described by Fermi's golden rule, which gives the probability of transition per unit time, , to the energy eigenstate from the energy eigenstate due to the weak perturbation caused by our potential .
. (1)
By inserting a complete set of position states, then utilizing the plane-wave expression relating position and momentum, we find that the matrix element is simply a Fourier transform of the potential.
. (2)
Above, the length of the sample is denoted by . We now assume that our solid is a periodic crystal with each unit cell labeled by a lattice position vector . Position within a unit cell is given by a vector such that the overall position in the crystal may be expressed as . Because of the translational invariance of our unit cells, the potential distribution of every cell is identical and .
. (3)
Laue equation
According to the Poisson summation formula:
. (4)
is a reciprocal lattice vector of the periodic potential and is the volume of its unit cell. By comparison of (3) and (4), we find that the Laue equation must be satisfied for scattering to occur:
. (5)
(5) is a statement of the conservation of crystal momentum. Particles scattered in a crystal experience a change in wave vector equal to a reciprocal lattice vector of the crystal. When they do, the contribution to the matrix element is simply a finite constant. Thus, we find an important link between scattered particles and the scattering crystal. The Laue condition, which states that crystal momentum must be conserved, is equivalent to the Bragg condition , which demands constructive interference for scattered particles. Now that we see how the first factor of (3) determines whether or not incident particles are scattered, we consider how the second factor influences scattering.
Structure factor
The second term on the right hand side of (3) is the structure factor.
. (6)
For a given reciprocal lattice vector (corresponding to a family of lattice planes labeled by Miller indices ), the intensity of scattered particles is proportional to the square of the structure factor.
. (7)
Buried in (6) are detailed aspects of the crystal structure that are worth distinguishing and discussing.
Debye–Waller factor
Consideration of the structure factor (and our assumption about translational invariance) is complicated by the fact that atoms in the crystal may be displaced from their respective lattice sites. Taking the scattering potential to be proportional to the density of scattering matter, we rewrite the structure factor.
. (8)
The integral from here onwards is understood to be taken over the unit cell. is the density of scattering matter. The angle brackets indicate a temporal average of each unit cell followed by a spatial average over every unit cell. We further assume that each atom is displaced independently of the other atoms.
. (9)
The number of atoms in the unit cell is and the occupancy factor for atom is . represents the point in the unit cell for which we would like to know the density of scattering matter. is the density of scattering matter from atom at a position separated from the nuclear position by a vector . is the probability density function for displacement. is the reference lattice site from which atom may be displaced to a new position . If is symmetrical enough (e.g. spherically symmetrical), is simply the mean nuclear position. When considering X-ray scattering, the scattering matter density consists of electron density around the nucleus. For neutron scattering, we have -functions weighted by a scattering length for the respective nucleus (see Fermi pseudopotential). Note that in the above discussion, we assumed the atoms were not deformable. With this in mind, (9) may be plugged into expression (8) for the structure factor.
; . (10)
Now we see the overall structure factor may be represented as a weighted sum of structure factors corresponding to each atom. Set the displacement between the location in space for which we would like to know the scattering density and the reference position for the nucleus equal to a new variable . Do the same for the displacement between the displaced and reference nuclear positions . Substitute into (10).
. (11)
Within the square brackets of (11), we convolve the density of scattering matter of atom with the probability density function for some nuclear displacement. Then, in the curly brackets, we Fourier transforms the resulting convolution. The final step is to multiply by a phase depending on the reference (e.g. mean) position of atom . But, according to the convolution theorem, Fourier transforming a convolution is the same as multiplying the two Fourier transformed functions. Set the displacement between the location in space for which we would like to know the scattering density and the position for the nucleus equal to a new variable .
. (12)
Substitute (12) into (10).
. (13)
That is:
; , . (14)
is the atomic form factor of the atom ; it determines how the distribution of scattering matter about the nuclear position influences scattering. is the atomic Debye–Waller factor; it determines how the propensity for nuclear displacement from the reference lattice position influences scattering. The expression given for in the article's opening is different because of 1) the decision to take the thermal or time average, 2) the arbitrary choice of negative sign in the exponential, and 3) the decision to square the factor (which more directly connects it to the observed intensity).
Anisotropic displacement parameter, U
A common simplification to (14) is the harmonic approximation, in which the probability density function is modeled as a Gaussian. Under this approximation, static displacive disorder is ignored and it is assumed that atomic displacements are determined entirely by motion (alternative models in which the Gaussian approximation is invalid have been considered elsewhere).
; ; . (15)
We've dropped the atomic index. belongs to the direct lattice while would belong to the reciprocal lattice. By choosing the convenient dimensionless basis , we guarantee that will have units of length and describe the displacement. The tensor in (15) is the anisotropic displacement parameter. With dimension (length), it is associated with mean square displacements. For the mean square displacement along unit vector , simply take . Related schemes use the parameters or B rather than (see to Trueblood et al. for a more complete discussion). Finally, we can find the relationship between the Debye–Waller factor and the anisotropic displacement parameter.
. (16)
From equations (7) and (14), the Debye–Waller factor contributes to the observed intensity of a diffraction experiment. And based on (16), we see that our anisotropic displacement factor is responsible for determining . Additionally, (15) shows that may be directly related to the probability density function for a nuclear displacement from the mean position. As a result, it's possible to conduct a scattering experiment on a crystal, fit the resulting spectrum for the various atomic values, and derive each atom's tendency for nuclear displacement from .
Applications
Anisotropic displacement parameters are often useful for visualizing matter. From (15), we may define ellipsoids of constant probability for which , where is some constant. Such "vibration ellipsoids" have been used to illustrate crystal structures. Alternatively, mean square displacement surfaces along may be defined by . See the external links "Gallery of ray-traced ORTEP's", "2005 paper by Rowsell et al.", and "2009 paper by Korostelev and Noller" for more images. Anisotropic displacement parameters are also refined in programs (e.g. GSAS-II) to resolve scattering spectra during Rietveld refinement.
References
External links
2019 paper by Cristiano Malica and Dal Corso. Introduction to Debye–Waller factor and applications within Density Functional Theory - Temperature-dependent atomic B factor: an ab initio calculation
Gallery of ray-traced ORTEP's - University of Glasgow
2005 paper by Rowsell et al. depicting metal-organic framework thermal ellipsoids -
2009 paper by Korostelev and Noller depicting tRNA thermal ellipsoids - Analysis of Structural Dynamics in the Ribosome by TLS Crystallographic Refinement
Cruickshank's 1956 Acta Crystallogr. paper - The analysis of the anisotropic thermal motion of molecules in crystals
1996 report by Trueblood et al. - Atomic Displacement Parameter Nomenclature
Crystallography
Scattering
Condensed matter physics
Peter Debye
State Route 370 (SR 370) is a north–south state highway located entirely within Early County in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It travels parallel to the Chattahoochee River for its entire length. The southernmost is part of the Blakely Highway. The rest of the highway is known as Great Southern Highway. The roadway's construction began in the early 1960s. Later that decade, the Blakely Highway section was included as part of former SR 363. In 1970, the road was designated as SR 370.
Route description
SR 370 begins at an intersection with US 84/SR 38 (Hugh D. Broome, Sr. Parkway) northwest of Jakin. Approximately north-northwest of the southern terminus, SR 370 intersects the western terminus of SR 273 (Paper Mill Parkway) and the eastern terminus of SR 273 Spur. Finally, the route curves to a nearly due north routing and meets its northern terminus, an intersection with SR 62 (Columbia Highway) in Hilton. SR 370 is the first and last state route on State Route 62 and 84.
SR 370 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
History
The road that would eventually become SR 370 was built between 1960 and 1963 from its current southern terminus to approximately north of that point. In 1967, this entire segment was designated as part of SR 363. In 1970, SR 370 was designated along its current length from approximately north of its current southern terminus to its current northern terminus. It is unclear if it traveled concurrent with SR 363 south of the southern end of this segment. Between 1984 and 1986, SR 363 was decommissioned. SR 370 was designated along its current length.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Georgia Roads (Routes 361 - 380)
370
Transportation in Early County, Georgia
The 23rd Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Notable battles fought in include the Battle of Shiloh and the Battle of Chickamauga.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
Acaenasuchus (meaning "thorn crocodile") is an extinct genus of pseudosuchians, endemic to what would be North America during the Triassic, existing for approximately .
Once considered a juvenile of Desmatosuchus, recent work and new material has demonstrated that it is a fully-grown and diagnostic taxon. In 2020, a phylogenetic analysis found it to be closely related to Revueltosaurus and Euscolosuchus.
Taxonomy
Acaenasuchus was named by Long and Murry (1995). Its type is Acaenasuchus geoffreyi. It was assigned to Stagonolepididae by Irmis (2005).
References
Late Triassic pseudosuchians
Late Triassic archosaurs of North America
Chinle fauna
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
Lionel John Wood (born 1944) is a former New Zealand diplomat and a former chancellor of the University of Canterbury. He was Deputy Secretary of Foreign Affairs, and served two separate terms as New Zealand's Ambassador to the United States in Washington.
Early life
Born in Kaikoura, Wood was educated at the University of Canterbury, graduating with an MA (first class honours) in 1964. He then studied at Balliol College, University of Oxford, earning a BPhil.
Professional career
Wood joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1969, and served as First Secretary in Tokyo in 1974. He then worked as Prime Minister Robert Muldoon's Foreign Policy adviser, and served as deputy chief of Mission at the New Zealand Embassy in Bonn.
Wood was Deputy Chief of Mission at New Zealand's Embassy in Washington from 1984 to 1987, and Chargé d'Affaires at the post from 1984 to 1985, at a key time in New Zealand's relationship with the United States, including New Zealand's withdrawal from the ANZUS treaty.
Wood was New Zealand's Ambassador to Iran in 1987, and the first ambassador to Turkey in 1989. He was also high commissioner to Pakistan. In 1991 he became Deputy Secretary of Foreign Affairs, responsible for trade and economic policy, and one of the key officials driving New Zealand's role in Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), and the World Trade Organization (WTO). Wood headed New Zealand delegations and negotiations to the WTO Ministerial meetings in Seattle in 1999, and Doha in 2001. He was inducted into the Consumers for World Trade Hall of Fame for his services in the promotion of free trade.
In 1994, Wood became New Zealand's Ambassador to the United States, in Washington. He held this post for four years, before returning to New Zealand again as Deputy Secretary for trade and economic policy. In this post, Wood was instrumental in securing Don McKinnon's posting as Secretary-General of the Commonwealth, and Mike Moore's posting as Director-General of the WTO.
In 2002, Wood was again posted as New Zealand's Ambassador to Washington, replacing former Prime Minister Jim Bolger.
Wood retired from the Foreign Service in 2006 to Christchurch, where he became an adjunct professor of Political Science. Wood also received an honorary doctorate from the University of Canterbury in 2004. In the 2006 Queen's Birthday Honours, Wood was appointed a Companion of the Queen's Service Order for public services. In 2009, Treaty of Waitangi Negotiations Minister Chris Finlayson appointed him the Crown's lead negotiator in talks with Whanganui iwi. In August 2017, Wood was appointed chairman of the Canterbury District Health Board by Health Minister Jonathan Coleman, replacing Murray Cleverley (resigned) and succeeding the acting chair Mark Solomon.
As of 2022, Wood is a member of the Board of Te Urewera, a protected area in the North Island.
References
1944 births
People from Kaikōura
Ambassadors of New Zealand to the United States
Ambassadors of New Zealand to Iran
Ambassadors of New Zealand to Turkey
High Commissioners of New Zealand to Pakistan
Living people
New Zealand public servants
University of Canterbury alumni
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Companions of the Queen's Service Order
Chancellors of the University of Canterbury
Canterbury District Health Board members
University of Canterbury faculty
Charles Burch may refer to:
Charles Sumner Burch (1854–1920), Episcopal bishop of New York
Charles C. Burch (1928–1979), American politician in Tennessee
Charlie Burch, (1919-2001), English international lawn bowler.
Kevin Sundher (born January 18, 1992) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played in the American Hockey League (AHL) and the Czech Extraliga. Sundher was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres in the third round of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
On December 15, 2011, Sundher was signed to a three-year entry-level contract with the Buffalo Sabres. He was assigned to their AHL affiliate, the Rochester Americans for the duration of his contract.
As a free agent and with little NHL interest, Sundher opted to sign a one-year contract in the ECHL with the Reading Royals on September 22, 2015. His season was ultimately shortened by a leg injury he suffered while playing for the AHL's Lehigh Valley Phantoms on a professional tryout. He signed an AHL contract with the Phantoms on August 16, 2016, but spent most of the season in Reading before being released from his contract so he could sign for the remainder of the season with HC Olomouc of the Czech Extraliga.
Sundher signed an extension to remain with HC Olomouc for the 2017–18 season. He again made a midseason team change, being released by HC Olomouc and signing with the Sparta Warriors of the Norwegian GET-ligaen on January 15, 2018. In the off-season he opted to return to North America by signing a contract with the ECHL's Allen Americans for the 2018–19 season.
Career statistics
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Allen Americans players
Brandon Wheat Kings players
Buffalo Sabres draft picks
Canadian ice hockey centres
Chilliwack Bruins players
Elmira Jackals (ECHL) players
HC Olomouc players
Lehigh Valley Phantoms players
Reading Royals players
Rochester Americans players
Sparta Warriors players
Sportspeople from Surrey, British Columbia
Victoria Royals players
Emery Davis Potter (October 7, 1804 – February 12, 1896) was an American lawyer and politician who served two non-consecutive terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio in the mid-19th century.
Biography
Born in Providence, Rhode Island, Potter attended the district school and the academy in Herkimer County, New York.
He studied law in Cooperstown, New York with John Adams Dix, later a senator and governor.
He was admitted to the New York State bar at Utica in 1833 and commenced practice in Cooperstown, New York.
He moved to Toledo, Ohio, in 1834 and continued the practice of law, opening the first office in that city.
He served as judge of the circuit court for the northern counties of Ohio.
He served as president judge of the court of common pleas from 1834 to 1843, when he resigned.
Congress
Potter was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1843 – March 3, 1845).
He was not a candidate for renomination.
He served as mayor of Toledo 1846–1848.
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1848–1850.
Potter was elected to the Thirty-first Congress (March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1851).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Post Office and Post Roads (Thirty-first Congress).
He was not a candidate for renomination.
Later career
He resumed the practice of law in Toledo.
He declined the appointment of judge of the Territory of Utah in 1858.
City solicitor of Toledo in 1861 and 1862.
He served as member of the board of education in 1864 and 1865.
He served as member of the State senate 1874–1876 and served as president.
He retired from active practice in 1880.
Death
He died in Toledo, Ohio, February 12, 1896.
He was interred in Forest Cemetery.
Private life
Judge Potter was married in 1843 to Mary A Card of Willoughby, Ohio who died in 1847, and left a son, Emery D. Potter, Jr. He later married Anna B. Milliken of Pennsylvania, who had a daughter called Anna Claire Potter. He was six feet two inches tall (1.88 m), and of large frame.
Sources
1804 births
1896 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Politicians from Providence, Rhode Island
Mayors of Toledo, Ohio
New York (state) lawyers
Ohio lawyers
Presidents of the Ohio State Senate
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Elections were held in Middlesex County, Ontario on October 27, 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
Middlesex County Council
County Council consists of the mayors of each municipality plus the deputy mayors of the municipalities over 5,000 people.
Adelaide Metcalfe
Lucan Biddulph
Middlesex Centre
Newbury
North Middlesex
Southwest Middlesex
Strathroy-Caradoc
Thames Centre
References
Middlesex
Middlesex County, Ontario
The 21st Indian Infantry Division was a division of the Indian Army during World War II. It was formed in April 1944 in Assam and is now part of IV Corps or Gajraj corps.
History
The 21st Indian Infantry Division was a division of the Indian Army during World War II. It was formed in April 1944, in Assam. It never saw any combat and its only sub unit was the 268th Indian Infantry Brigade. The division was disbanded and its units transferred to become the 44th Airborne Division in June 1944.
On formation, 268th Indian Infantry Brigade, converted from 268th Indian Armoured Brigade in August 1942, consisted of 17/7th Rajput Regiment, 2/4th Bombay Grenadiers, 5/4th Bombay Grenadiers, 2nd Battalion, The King's Own Scottish Borderers, 2nd Battalion, The South Lancashire Regiment, 429th Field Company Indian Engineers, and 45 Cavalry.
The division was reformed within the Indian Army after the Partition of India and is now part of IV Corps. It was raised in 1963 and assigned to Arunachal Pradesh, west of 5 Mountain Division.
Also see
IV Corps (India)
Eastern Command (India)
References
Indian World War II divisions
Divisions of the Indian Army
British Indian Army divisions
Military units and formations established in 1944
Military units and formations of the British Empire in World War II
Jonathan Duhamel (born August 24, 1987) is a Canadian poker professional from Boucherville, Quebec, best known as the winner of the Main Event at the 2010 World Series of Poker (WSOP). He has won 3 WSOP bracelets in his career.
Poker career
Jonathan Duhamel started playing poker with his high school friends during the Moneymaker boom. He later attended the University of Quebec in Montreal, studying business administration and finance. However, he did not graduate, preferring to focus on his professional poker career.
Duhamel defeated fellow poker professional John Racener heads-up to secure the 2010 Main Event title, earning $8,944,310 and becoming the first Canadian player to capture the Main Event bracelet.
A fan of the Montreal Canadiens, Duhamel elected to donate $100,000 of his winnings to the Montreal Canadiens Children's Foundation, which is the largest individual donation ever made to the organization, after his win.
In January 2011, Duhamel won the High Roller Event at the European Poker Tour (EPT) Deauville for €200,000 ($272,209). Later that year, he cashed twice at the 2011 World Series of Poker for over $40,000 in earnings.
Between January 2011 and April 2015, Duhamel was a member of Team PokerStars Pro.
In January 2012, Duhamel made four final tables at the PokerStars Caribbean Poker Adventure. He finished 4th of the Super High Roller Event after his elimination by the winner of the event Viktor Blom. Duhamel won $313,600 for his performance. He made another final table in the turbo event finishing 5th. Then, he finished 1st of a side event and won $239,830. Finally, he finished 2nd of the High Roller Event and won $634,550.
On March 23, 2013, Duhamel finished in 3rd place to win $125,000 at Premier League Poker VI in London.
In June 2015, Duhamel defeated Bill Klein heads-up to win the $111,111 buy-in WSOP High Roller for One Drop for $3,989,985 and his second WSOP bracelet. In October 2015 he won the $25,600 No Limit Hold'em High Roller at the World Series of Poker Europe for $628,815 and his 3rd WSOP bracelet.
As of March 2021, his live tournament winnings exceed $18,000,000, nearly half of which comes from his $8.9 million first place prize at the 2010 World Series of Poker Main Event. As such, he is in the top 50 on Hendon Mob's all time money list and in the top 5 of the Canadian all-time money list.
As of November 2021 Duhamel has no longer plays professionally, although he continues to play poker occasionally on a recreational level.
World Series of Poker bracelets
An "E" following a year denotes bracelet(s) won at the World Series of Poker Europe
Robbery
Duhamel was badly beaten in a home invasion robbery in December 2011. Duhamel's Main Event bracelet, a Rolex watch, and $150,000 in cash were stolen. Anthony Bourque and John Stephen Clark Lemay, who carried out the actual robbery and Andres Valderrama, the getaway driver were also arrested. Police have since recovered approximately half of the cash stolen.
Income tax case
Unlike in the United States, gambling winnings are generally not considered taxable income in Canada, however the Canada Revenue Agency has taken the position that poker earnings can be taxable if they constitute income derived from the conduct of business, which from the CRA's point of view has included playing the game on a professional basis. Based on this position, the CRA re-assessed Duhamel's income tax returns from 2010, 2011 and 2012 and demanded Duhamel remit millions of dollars in what it claimed to be unpaid taxes. Duhamel objected, leading to litigation in the Tax Court of Canada over whether his poker winnings were taxable income. The case was delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic, but eventually adjudicated in June 2022.
As Duhamel (via a corporation he owned and controlled) had already declared and paid taxes on income derived from sources such as his sponsorship agreement with PokerStars, the only issue before the court was whether Duhamel's net earnings from the WSOP Main Event and subsequent events, which he considered to be non-taxable gambling winnings, legally constituted business income for 2010, 2011 and 2012. The CRA's reassessment the taxpayer's 2010, 2011 and 2012 taxation years included the taxpayer's net winnings from the poker tournaments in which he participated during these taxation years, on the basis that the taxpayer was carrying on a business through his poker gambling activities.
The court upheld Duhamel's appeal, finding that on a balance of probabilities the taxpayer's poker gambling activities were not carried on in a sufficiently commercial manner to constitute a source of income from a business for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, and ordered the CRA to exclude net gains from these activities in determining Duhamel's income.
Notes
1987 births
Canadian poker players
World Series of Poker Main Event winners
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
People from Boucherville
Living people
