3SH is a commercial radio station in Swan Hill, Victoria, Australia broadcasting on the medium wave band on a frequency of 1332kHz. It was opened on 27 August 1931.
It is owned by Ace Radio.
References
External links
Radio stations in Victoria
Radio stations established in 1931
Classic hits radio stations in Australia
Ace Radio
Swan Hill
The olive-bellied sunbird (Cinnyris chloropygius) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is widely spread across African tropical rainforest.
Description
The olive-bellied sunbird is a small species, and very similar to the tiny sunbird (Cinnyris minullus) in appearance. The adult male has a metallic green head, back and throat, dark brown wings, a metallic blue rump and a black tail with a purplish-blue sheen. It has a narrow blue breast band above a wider scarlet breast patch, lemon-yellow and an olive belly. It differs from the slightly smaller tiny sunbird in having a larger beak and no blue bars among the red breast plumage. The adult female has an olive-brown head and upper parts, dark brown wings and dark brown tail. The underparts are olive washed with yellow, and are yellower and less streaked than the tiny sunbird.
Ecology
The olive-bellied sunbird moves about singly or in pairs, or sometimes in groups of about six birds. It forages in the lower parts of the canopy, feeding on caterpillars, beetles, spiders, nectar, flowers and seeds. The male is territorial and will drive away members of its species as well as tiny sunbirds. The nest is a straggly affair formed from grasses, strips of bark and leaves, and lined with fine material. Incubation is done entirely by the female.
Status
The olive-bellied sunbird is a common species with a very wide range, and the population trend is thought to be steady. No particular threats have been identified and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the bird's conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
olive-bellied sunbird
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
olive-bellied sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Henri Mignet, (October 19, 1893 – August 31, 1965), was a French radio engineer who became well known as an aircraft designer and builder. His most famous design is the Flying Flea family of aircraft.
Early interest in aviation
Mignet was born in Charente-Maritime. In 1911, when he was 18 years old, he started corresponding with Gustav Lilienthal (the brother of Otto Lilienthal) about aviation. In 1912, he built his first aircraft, the HM.1-1 model. It was a monoplane inspired by the creations of Otto Lilienthal.
Service in the First World War
Between 1914 and 1918, Mignet served in the French army. He was a radio operator during World War I. In 1918, he was hospitalized with malaria.
Post World War I designs
In 1920, Mignet finished his first powered aircraft prototype, the HM.2. This bore many similarities to, and took inspiration from, the designs of Louis Blériot Later in describing this aircraft he said, "All the components worked, but not together..."
In 1922, he constructed the HM.3 "The Dromedary", the HM.4 parasol, and airplane with no rudder and an Anzani 10 CV engine, and the HM.5, a sailplane. In 1924, he sold the HM.5 sailplane for a large sum of money.
In 1925, he was forced to start raising chickens to finance the development of his HM.6 project, a pusher propeller aircraft, and a helicopter, designated the HM.7.
In 1926, Mignet married Annette Triou, who was later murdered by Communist gunmen in 1944.
The HM.8 Avionnette
In March 1928, Mignet wrote an article in the magazine Les Ailes ("Wings" in English), describing his HM.8 Avionnette. It was a parasol monoplane that he built in 1928 using parts from his HM.6, including a modified 10 hp Anzani engine. In 1929, the first amateur-built HM.8s made their maiden flights. In 1931, he published a book, Comment j'ai Construit mon Avionnette (How I built my Avionnette), containing the plans for the HM.8. Mignet encouraged amateurs to build HM.8s while he continued his research towards a new concept that became the "Pou du Ciel". About 200 HM.8s were built, with various engines, including 17 hp (13 kW) 540 cc Aubier et Dunne, 500 cc Chaise, 24 hp Harley-Davidson, 35 hp ABC Scorpions, 40 hp Salmson. Some of those directly drove the propeller, others employed a chain drive.
The HM.14 Pou du Ciel
On 10 September 1933, Mignet made his maiden flight in the HM.14, the first of his Mignet Pou-du-Ciel (Flying Flea) designs. In 1934, he published Le Sport de l'Air and playfully called the aircraft Pou du Ciel (literally "Louse of the Sky" in French) with the intention that it would be built by amateurs.
In 1936, after a number of fatal accidents, the HM.14 was tested in wind tunnels in France and in England, and a design fault was identified and corrected. The Flying Flea subsequently became a great, if controversial, success in the aviation world. The fatal accidents due to the initial, flawed, design meant that professional aircraft manufacturers were very reluctant to produce versions of the Pou.
Mignet encouraged amateur-builders to construct the HM.14, but he also carried on designing further models into the 1960s, all of them based on the Flying Flea concept.
Mignet died, aged 71, in Pessac in Gironde.
References
Bibliography
Bowers, Peter M. 1984. Guide to Homebuilts - Ninth Edition, Chapter 7 Shattered Dreams, pages 73–78. TAB Books
Ellis, Ken; Jones, Geoff. 1990. Henri Mignet and his Flying Fleas. Haynes Publishing
External links
People from Saintes, Charente-Maritime
1893 births
1965 deaths
French aviators
French aerospace engineers
This article describes the knockout stage of the 2017–18 Women's EHF Champions League.
Qualified teams
The top four placed teams from each of the two main round groups advanced to the knockout stage.
Format
The first-placed team of each group faces the fourth-placed team, and the second-placed team will play against the third-placed team from the other group. After that a draw will be held to determine the pairings for the final four.
Quarterfinals
Overview
|}
Matches
Győri ETO won 56–48 on aggregate.
Rostov-Don won 63–51 on aggregate.
CSM București won 54–48 on aggregate.
HC Vardar won 56–48 on aggregate.
Final four
The final four was held at the László Papp Budapest Sports Arena in Budapest, Hungary on 12 and 13 May 2018. The draw took place on 17 April 2018.
Bracket
Semifinals
Third place game
Final
References
External links
Final four websites
knockout stage
Kingdom of Comfort is the ninth and last studio album by the British Christian rock band Delirious?, released in the United States on 1 April 2008 and in the United Kingdom on 14 April 2008.
History
Inspired by visits to India with Joyce Meyer Ministries, Delirious? decided to place the focus of the album on inequality and justice around the world. Guitarist Stu G. said, Seeing children looking for scraps on the rubbish dump they call homes in Cambodia and the education and feeding projects in the slums of Mumbai India really had an impact on us. It wasn't possible to simply proceed with business as usual. We had to ask ourselves, 'What am I building? A kingdom of comfort? Or a kingdom of heaven?'He also stated later that the title of the album was inspired from a sermon by Rob Bell, author and pastor of Mars Hill Bible Church.
When the band returned to the studio, they began the process of writing and recording the record. An improvised section, often played during the band's song "History Maker", was adapted to form "God Is Smiling". "Wonder" was written by Martin Smith about a child whom his family came close to adopting. "We Give You Praise" was written in collaboration with Hillsong worship leader Marty Sampson. "Break the Silence" was also written with ex-Snow Patrol musician Iain Archer. Fifteen songs were recorded in total, and twelve were selected for the final album. The band released the second track, "God Is Smiling", as an MP3 download from their official website on 1 November 2007; it had been downloaded over 10,000 times by January 2008. Another free download from the album, "We Give You Praise", was released on 1 February 2008. Upon the release of the album, two more tracks were also made available for free download from the band's official website—"Hallelujah" and "Mothers of the Night". One song, "Fill My Cup", has not been released by Delirious?, but appears on the Compassionart album and features vocals by Delirious? lead vocalist Martin Smith.
Reception
Christian magazine Christian Today stated that the album "questions everything, from cancer to consumerism, 'five star' dreams to slums and poverty. It is an album that calls for sacrifice, social justice and love." It has also stated that "Kingdom of Comfort is yet another homerun (sic) for Delirious, with amped up modern rock production, some challenging lyrics meant to inspired by social action, and more stirring songs of worship."
Cross Rhythms gave the album ten out of ten, stating that it was "one of the most raw, passionate albums that these Christian rock titans have ever released".
Track listing
"Kingdom Of Comfort" (Martin Smith, Stuart Garrard, Jon Thatcher) – 03:30
"God Is Smiling" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 04:10
"Give What You've Got" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 03:33
"Love Will Find A Way" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 04:30
"Eagle Rider" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 04:12
"We Give You Praise" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher, Marty Sampson) – 05:14
"How Sweet The Name" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 05:43
"Wonder" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 04:14
"Break The Silence" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher, Iain Archer) – 04:13
"Stare The Monster Down" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 03:28
"All God's Children" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 05:52
"My Soul Sings" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 07:00
"We Give You Praise (Radio Mix)" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher, Marty Sampson) – 04:04 (US Version Only)
"Hallelujah" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 04:40 (Download Only)
"Mothers Of The Night" (Smith, Garrard, Thatcher) – 05:29 (Download Only)
Personnel
Delirious?
Martin Smith – lead vocals, guitars, additional keyboards
Stuart "Stu G" Garrard – guitars, programming, additional keyboards, vocals
Tim Jupp – acoustic piano, keyboards
Jon Thatcher – programming, additional keyboards, bass guitar, bass synth, theremin
Stewart Smith – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Sam Gibson – drum programming, additional percussion, loops
Gerard Le Feuvre – cello (7)
Sir John Cass's Foundation Primary School Choir – choir (11)
Pat Bilborough – choir director (11)
Production
Martin Smith – producer
Stu G – producer
Sam Gibson – producer, recording, mixing
Christopher Stevens – producer (13), mixing (13)
Andy Harsant – vocal recording (13)
Leon Zervos – mastering at Sterling Sound (New York City, New York, USA)
Les Moir – A&R assistance
Lynn Nichols – A&R assistance
Adrian Thompson – A&R assistance
Chris York – A&R assistance
Mark Debnam – creative director, design
Stewart Smith – creative director, design
David Dobson – photography
Andy Hutch – photography
Sonja Wrethman – photography
Debbo & Smee – photography
References
Delirious? albums
2008 albums
Sparrow Records albums
Maverick a Strike is the debut studio album by Scottish musician Finley Quaye. It was released on 6 August 1997 through 550 Music and Epic Records. The album spawned five singles: "Sunday Shining", "Even After All", "It's Great When We're Together", "Your Love Gets Sweeter", and "Ultra Stimulation", all of which charted on the UK Singles Chart. The album peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart. The album has been certified double platinum by the British Phonographic Industry.
Track listing
All tracks written by Finley Quaye, except where noted.
Personnel
Credits adapted from album's liner notes.
Finley Quaye – vocals, producer
Kevin Bacon – co-producer
Jonathan Quarmby - co-producer
Charts
Weekly charts
|-
! scope="row"| Australian Albums (ARIA)
| 77
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|}
Year-end charts
! scope="row"| UK Albums (OCC)
| 54
|}
!scope="row"| New Zealand Albums (RMNZ)
| style="text-align:center;"|47
|-
! scope="row"| UK Albums (OCC)
| 39
|}
Certifications
References
1997 debut albums
Epic Records albums
550 Music albums
Albums produced by Kevin Bacon (producer)
Schela is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Arsuri, Gornăcel, Păjiștele, Sâmbotin (the commune centre) and Schela.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Ulrike Lunacek (] born 26 May 1957) is an Austrian politician who served as State Secretary for Cultural Affairs in the government of Chancellor Sebastian Kurz in 2020. She is a member of the Austrian Green party The Greens – The Green Alternative, part of the European Green Party.
From 2009 until 2017, Lunacek was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP). During that time, she served as Vice President of the European Parliament, Member of the Greens/EFA group in the European Parliament and head of delegation of the Austrian Greens in the European Parliament. She was Kosovo rapporteur and co-president of the Intergroup on LGBTI Rights and Member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Substitute in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
In 2017, Lunacek was the Greens' top candidate for the Austrian general election, in which the party suffered a historic defeat and failed to win a single seat in parliament for the first time since 1983. Lunacek subsequently stepped down from all Austrian and EU political functions.
Life
From 1967 to 1975 Lunacek attended high school in the second district of Vienna. Furthermore, she spent one academic year (1973–74) as an AFS-student at a high school in Boone, Iowa. In 1975 she started studying interpreting (English and Spanish) at the University of Innsbruck and graduated in 1983. During this time she was involved in the establishment of the women's refuge Innsbruck and did social work. From 1984 to 1986 she was an adviser for the organization "Frauensolidarität" (Solidarity among Women) in Vienna. Afterwards Lunacek was editor of the magazine "Südwind" and press officer of the Austrian Information Service for Development Politics (ÖIE). In addition she worked as a freelance translator and journalist.
In 1994 Lunacek was NGO delegate at the UN International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo and a year later she coordinated the press work of all NGOs at the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing.
Political career
Lunacek's political career began in 1995 with the presentation of the "Appeal to reason", organized by the Austrian Lesbian and Gay Forum in Palais Auersperg, and the first-time candidacy for the Austrian Green Party, whose federal business manager she was from 1996 to 1998.
Member of the Austrian Parliament, 1999–2009
From 1999 to 2009, Lunacek was a member of parliament and the Green group's spokeswoman on foreign and development policy as well as equality for lesbians, gays and transgender persons. Also starting in 1999, she was a deputy chairwoman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
As the first openly lesbian politician in the Austrian Parliament, she is also a member of the Greens "andersrum".
On 5 May 2006 Lunacek was elected co-chair of the European Green Party in Helsinki, a position she held for 3 years. On 28 October 2008 she became vice-chair of the Green Parliamentary Club in Austria and was nominated frontrunner for the 2009 European Parliament election.
Member of the European Parliament, 2009–2017
On 14 July 2009 Lunacek moved into the European Parliament as head of delegation of the Austrian Greens. During her tenure, she was a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (AFET), the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality (FEMM) and the delegation to the parliamentary Cooperation Committees EU-Armenia, EU-Azerbaijan and EU-Georgia (DSCA). In addition she was a substitute member of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE), the delegation for relations with Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro and Kosovo (DSEE) and the delegation to the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly (DEPA). Moreover, she was the Parliament's Rapporteur for Kosovo and the foreign affairs spokesperson of the Greens/EFA group.
As co-president of the European Parliament's Intergroup on LGBTI Rights Lunacek also fought for the rights of lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender persons. In addition, she was a member of the European Parliament Intergroup on the Western Sahara and the European Parliament Intergroup on Children's Rights.
In 2011, European Voice reported that Lunacek, encouraged by aides to Catherine Ashton, had applied to become head of the EEAS's office in Kosovo, but was then told that, as a non-diplomat, she was not eligible.
Lunacek led EU-Election Observer Missions on numerous occasions, including for the 2013 Honduran general elections.
In February 2013 Lunacek was elected vice-president of the Greens/EFA group in the European Parliament, under the leadership of Rebecca Harms and Daniel Cohn-Bendit. Following the 2014 European elections, the group voted for her as candidate for the presidency of the European Parliament. She served as one of the fourteen Vice Presidents of the European Parliament who sit in for the president in presiding over the plenary. In this capacity, she was in charge of the parliament's Sakharov Prize and representing the parliament in matters concerning the Western Balkans. She was also a member of the Democracy Support and Election Coordination Group (DEG), which oversees the Parliament's election observation missions.
Career in national politics
Lunacek briefly served as State Secretary for Cultural Affairs in the government of Chancellor Sebastian Kurz in early 2020. In May 2020, she quit under pressure from theatre directors and performers over a lack of urgency in reopening cultural venues even as a lockdown amid the COVID-19 pandemic in Austria had been eased.
Political positions
In 2013, Lunacek advocated for a non-binding resolution on "Sexual and Reproductive Health and Rights". that called for "age-appropriate and gender-sensitive sexuality and relationship education ... for all children and adolescents" and referenced a document co-authored by the WHO in which some sexuality information is deemed appropriate from age 4. After some controversy, the European Parliament instead passed a modified version which declared sexual education a competence of the member states. Lunacek called the opponents of the report “right-wing bigots” stating the groups were against “women's right to a safe and healthy reproductive and sexual life”.
On 27 April 2017, Lunacek welcomed the release of Ramush Haradinaj, former leader of Albanian Liberation Army KLA. Haradinaj was accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity by the Serbian War crimes prosecutor and Serbia demanded his extradition. Lunacek urged EU officials to pressure Serbia to withdraw its arrest warrants.
Other activities
Austrian Institute for International Affairs (OIIP), Member of the Board
EastWest Institute, Member of the Parliamentarians Network for Conflict Prevention
European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR), Member
European Forum Alpbach, Member of the Council
Österreichisch-Saharauische Gesellschaft (ÖSG), Member
Awards
Grand Gold Decoration for Services to the Republic of Austria (2009)
Rosa Courage Award (2013)
Personal life
Lunacek had her coming-out in 1980. Since 1994 she has been living with a native Peruvian.
References
External links
Homepage of Ulrike Lunacek
Fanpage on Facebook
Austrian Greens in the EP
Greens "andersrum"
Homepage Intergroup on LGBTI Rights
Biography of Ulrike Lunacek in Parliament of Austria
1957 births
Living people
Members of the National Council (Austria)
LGBT rights activists from Austria
LGBT politicians from Austria
Lesbian politicians
The Greens – The Green Alternative MEPs
MEPs for Austria 2009–2014
MEPs for Austria 2014–2019
LGBT MEPs for Austria
20th-century Austrian women politicians
20th-century Austrian politicians
21st-century women MEPs for Austria
University of Innsbruck alumni
Gli orti esperidi (The Gardens of the Hesperides) is a libretto by Metastasio set first in 1721 by Nicola Porpora, and performed 28 August 1721, at the Palazzo Reale. In 1751 Nicola Conforto set the libretto in honor of the Empress Maria Theresa of Austria, to celebrate the name day of the Spanish king Ferdinand VI on 30 May.
References
External links
Libretti by Metastasio
1722 operas
Italian-language operas
Operas
Operas based on classical mythology
Odontorchilus is a small genus of South American birds in the family Troglodytidae. These small grey wrens are relatively long-tailed (giving them a superficially gnatcatcher-like appearance), and, uniquely in the family, they live in the canopy and subcanopy of humid forest, with one species associated with forest growing on the east Andean slope and the other with the Amazon rainforest.
Species
Grey-mantled wren (Odontorchilus branickii)
Tooth-billed wren (Odontorchilus cinereus)
References
Schulenberg, T., D. Stotz, D. Lane, J. O' Neill, & T. Parker III. 2007. Birds of Peru. Christopher Helm.
Troglodytidae
Taxa named by Charles Wallace Richmond
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Monitoring of a fetus may refer to:
Regular tests done as part of prenatal care during a pregnancy
Monitoring in childbirth
One More Kiss may refer to:
Film and TV
One More Kiss (film), 2000 Scottish film with Gerard Butler
One More Kiss (Desperate Housewives)
Music
"One More Kiss", song by Stephen Sondheim from the musical Follies
"One More Kiss", song by Paul McCartney and Wings, from the 1973 album Red Rose Speedway
"One More Kiss", song by Meat Loaf from 1986 album Blind Before I Stop
"One More Kiss", song by Johnny "Guitar" Watson written by Johnny Watson
"One More Kiss", song by Jimmy Dorsey
"One More Kiss", song by Jim Hall (musician)
"One More Kiss", song by Deniece Williams, Glass, Williams. from 1996 album Love Solves It All
"One More Kiss, Dear", song by Peter Skellern and Vangelis from the Blade Runner soundtrack
Paul Carr is an English guitarist who first emerged during the mid to late 1980s as a member of the James Taylor Quartet. Prior to this he worked as a London-based freelance musician, mainly on the London jazz scene.
After studying popular music in the early 1980s at Newcastle College, Carr continued to undertake a teaching degree at Middlesex University, followed by a PhD under the supervision of British composer Gavin Bryars.
Since the early 1990s, Carr has been more involved in popular music education. He is currently head of The University of Glamorgan's Music Academy, in Cardiff, Wales.
In 2013, Carr edited the first academically focused volume of papers to detail Frank Zappa's legacy, Frank Zappa and the And, appearing as part of the Ashgate Popular and Folk Music Series. Drawing together an international list of writers from both the academic and music worlds, it is a pioneering collection that links and appraises a wide range of Zappa's work and influence including modernism, technology, satire, avant-garde, cinema and mortality.
References
External links
Paul Carr My Space Site
Paul Carr Blog
Audio Interview with Chet Williamson
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alumni of Middlesex University
English jazz guitarists
English male guitarists
James Taylor Quartet members
Ochus subvittatus, the tiger hopper, is the only species in the monotypic moth genus Ochus of the family Hesperiidae. The genus was erected by Lionel de Nicéville in 1894. The species was first described by Frederic Moore in 1878. It is found in the Khasi Hills and Naga Hills of India, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam and Yunnan.
Wingspan
The wingspan of the tiger hopper is .
Subspecies
The subspecies of Ochus subvittatus found in India is:
Ochus subvittatus subradiatus Moore, 1878 – Khasi tiger hopper
Distribution
This species is found from Sikkim to Arunachal Pradesh in India, and in Bhutan, Nepal and several places in Myanmar.
Description
Both wings of upside are iridescent Van Dyke brown. In the forewing, several bright yellow streaks divided by the veins placed obliquely beyond the end of the cell; or even immaculate; with all the cilia are lighter yellow than the spots when present and broadly interested with the brown opposite to the end of the veins. In underside, both wings and the bases of the cilia are rich in Van Dyke brown throughout with darker than the above; veined and margined with rich chrome yellow.
In the forewing the costal margin is little beyond its middle, the costal and subcostal nervules to the costal and outer margins. The extremity of the third median nervule veined, and the external machines, and the extremity of the third median nervule veined, and the outer margin bordered, with chrome-yellow, so that the wings may be described as increasingly bordered from base to the apex, and increasingly from the apex to the sub-median nervule with yellow streaked with dark brown.
The hindwing is yellow bordered, with the yellow veins broadly pointed on both sides with yellow.
The upperside of the head, thorax and the abdomen are dark Van Dyke brown with a yellow underside.
Habit and habitat
The tiger hopper is mostly found in the high evergreen forests that experience ample rainfall. It prefers to fly close to the ground. The flight is weak and follow the fluttering pattern. Shaded or semi-shaded forest tracks are its preferred area. Males are sometimes found puddling in damp soil or wet rock. Females are hardly seen. They also spotted basking in the sun, opening their wings.
Seasonality
The flight period for the tiger hopper is from April to October.
References
Butterflies of Asia
Hesperiinae
Butterflies described in 1878
The small niltava (Niltava macgrigoriae) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae, native to the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia. It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, Tibet and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
Subspecies
N. m. macgrogoriae - (Burton, 1836): The nominate subspecies, found in the central and western Himalayas from Uttarakhand to Sikkim and West Bengal.
N. m. signata - (McClelland, 1840): Found in Northeast India, Myanmar, southern China, north Thailand, and continental Southeast Asia. Non-breeding individuals are also found in coastal Guangdong. Males tend to have a greyer belly and underside than the nominate.
Behaviour and ecology
Diet
Eats small invertebrates and fruits.
References
small niltava
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Nepal
Birds of North India
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of South China
Birds of Yunnan
Birds of Southeast Asia
small niltava
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Laurel van der Wal (September 22, 1924 – August 13, 2009) was an American aeronautical engineer who is known for contributions to bioastronautics. She was named the Los Angeles Times's "1960 Woman of the Year in Science" for her contributions to the field.
Early life and education
Laurel van der Wal was born in San Francisco, the daughter of Lillian and Richard van der Wal, both from Spokane, Washington. Her mother was a former teacher and an alumna of the University of Washington; her father was a businessman. She graduated from high school at age 15, and worked as a model, an art instructor, a deputy sheriff, a showgirl, a railroad switch tower operator, and a casino shill as a young woman. "I am impatient with people who do not make full use of all their capabilities," she explained in 1962. She admired pilots and hoped to earn a pilot license, but instead worked as an aircraft mechanic during World War II, at Hamilton Air Force Base. She decided to pursue further education in mechanical engineering at the University of California Berkeley, where she earned a bachelor of Science degree in 1949, with honors. Her graduate education was funded in part by a National Research Council fellowship to study aeronautics in Stockholm, Sweden.
Career
As a young engineer van der Wal worked at Douglas Aircraft as a data analyst on the Nike missile program, and later designing missile systems for the Ramo-Wooldridge Corporation. Starting in 1958, she was the project engineer on three MIA (Mouse-in-Able) launches from Cape Canaveral, as head of bioastronautics at Space Technology Laboratories. She was named the Los Angeles Times's "1960 Woman of the Year in Science" for her work. When asked if she would want to go into space herself, she answered, "I'd go in a minute, if they'd let me." In 1961 she was honored as "outstanding woman scientist" by the Wives' Wing of the Aerospace Medical Association. That same year, she won the Society of Women Engineers Achievement Award for her contributions to bioengineering and bioastronautics. She worked on many projects to deserve this award including, Project MIA, as aforementioned, which studied the psychological effects of U.S. space flight using mice as the test subjects. She also focused on the design of manned spacecraft as well as escape and recovery systems for astronauts.
Laurel Van der Wal was the first woman appointed to the Los Angeles Board of Airport Commissioners, in 1961, and served as a commissioner until 1967. In 1968, she served as Los Angeles International Airport's planner.
Laurel van der Wal was director of the Southern California chapter of the American Rocket Society, where she took particular interest in partnering with Explorer Scouts to teach children about space and aeronautics. "Kids all over the world are excited about space," she explained in 1960, "because this is the challenge to their generation." As the space program gained popularity in the 1960s, van der Wal was a popular speaker at women's clubs, teachers' meetings, and other events. In 1968, she explained that the children she taught "... are the most important thing ever to happen to me, ever."
In the early 1970s, she wrote several reports for the Rand Corporation about planning a more effective transportation system. In 1974 she took a job doing transportation planning in Nigeria, but she discovered on arrival that the government had changed and she was no longer employed there. She returned to Los Angeles to work for the Southern California Association of Governments for twelve years. In her later years, she was a noted activist on behalf of slow growth in Santa Monica, California, and was an advisor to the Santa Monica Coalition for a Liveable City.
Personal life
Laurel van der Wal married fellow engineer William Henry Roennau in 1961, in Arlington, Virginia. The Roennaus had two sons, Jonathan and Michael. Laurel and William later divorced. She retired in the late 1980s, and died in August 2009, in Santa Monica.
References
1924 births
2009 deaths
People from San Francisco
People from Santa Monica, California
UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni
American aerospace engineers
American women engineers
Activists from California
Engineers from California
20th-century American engineers
20th-century women engineers
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
The University of Maryland Medical System (also known as UMMS) is a private, not-for-profit corporation founded in 1984 and based in Baltimore, Maryland. It owns and operates 13 hospitals (as of 2018) in Maryland, and has more than 2,500 licensed beds, 122,300 annual admissions and gross patient revenues of $4.4 billion annually. UMMS physicians and care teams work with University of Maryland School of Medicine specialists to provide primary and specialty care at more than 150 locations across the state, including a network of academic, community and specialty hospitals.
UMMS Hospitals
University of Maryland Medical Center
One of the nation's oldest teaching hospitals, this 806-bed facility — located in downtown Baltimore — is home to the University of Maryland Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Cancer Center, the R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center and the University of Maryland Children's Hospital. The medical staff comprises nearly 1,200 attending physicians who are faculty members at the University of Maryland School of Medicine, as well as 900 residents and fellows in all medical specialties. University of Maryland Medical Center is ranked No. 10 in caring for patients with ear, nose and throat (ENT) conditions and No. 16 in cancer care, according to the 2019-20 U.S. News & World Report's Best Hospitals specialty rankings.
University of Maryland Medical Center Midtown Campus
This 100- bed teaching hospital offers health care for more than 110,000 people annually. The hospital has been affiliated with the University of Maryland Medical System since 1999, and has over 1,400 employees and 500 doctors, covering 30 different specialties. UMMC Midtown Campus (formerly Maryland General Hospital), has been providing community health care in West Baltimore and Midtown for more than a century.
University of Maryland Baltimore Washington Medical Center
This 285-bed community hospital located between Baltimore and Annapolis, offers a wide variety of services, including cancer care, cardiology, neurosurgery, orthopedics, women's health, diabetes and endocrinology and emergency medicine. University of Maryland Baltimore Washington Medical Center (formally North Arundel) has more that 2,800 employees and 800 doctors serving the residents of Anne Arundel County. UM BWMC was recognized by U.S. News & World Report in its listing of 2018-19 Best Hospitals and was rated as “High Performing” in four adult procedures and conditions.
University of Maryland Capital Region Health
University of Maryland Capital Region Health is a not-for-profit healthcare system serving the citizens of Prince George's County and the surrounding area. It comprises a hospital, two freestanding emergency centers, a surgery center, an employed-physician medical group, and a network of outpatient facilities.
University of Maryland Capital Region Health is the largest private employer by number of employees in Prince George's County.
University of Maryland Charles Regional Medical Center
University of Maryland Charles Regional Medical Center is a 99-bed medical center, with 423 medical staff. In 2017, UM CRMC opened the new Medical Pavilion in North La Plata, offering sports and orthopedic rehabilitation, an imaging center and primary care services.
In July 2011, Civista Medical Center announced its affiliation as a member hospital of the University of Maryland Medical System (UMMS). On July 1, 2013, the Civista Medical Center began operating under the name University of Maryland Charles Regional Medical Center in the University of Maryland Medical System, becoming the first expansion of UMMS in the Washington, DC metropolitan area.
University of Maryland Laurel Medical Center
Formerly a community hospital, this facility is currently an Emergency Department and outpatient clinical and surgical center. Construction of a new medical center on the campus was approved in 2018, with construction to begin in 2019.
University of Maryland Rehabilitation & Orthopaedic Institute
This 137-bed facility, located in Woodlawn, Maryland, is an inpatient rehabilitation and orthopaedic hospital serving both adults and children. Offering specialized rehabilitative care, University of Maryland Rehabilitation & Orthopaedic Institute has units treating traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, stroke, and orthopaedic conditions. Nearly 100 physical, occupational, speech and recreational therapists work with patients during their stay and in follow-up outpatient visits. It also houses the University of Maryland Complementary Medicine Program and the University of Maryland Pain Management Center.
University of Maryland Shore Regional Health
University of Maryland Shore Regional Health is a regional, nonprofit, medical delivery care network formed on July 1, 2013, through the consolidation of two University of Maryland Medical System partner entities, the former Shore Health and the former Chester River Health. The UM Shore Regional Health network serves the Mid-Shore region, which includes Caroline, Dorchester, Kent, Queen Anne's and Talbot counties. UM Shore Regional Health operates two hospitals, two freestanding emergency centers, a nursing and rehabilitation center, outpatient care centers and home care services throughout the region. UM Shore Regional Health is a partner of ChoiceOne Urgent Care, to provide urgent care services in Denton and Easton. UM Shore Regional Health's key services include stroke care, breast cancer screening and treatment, and cardiovascular and pulmonary rehab.
University of Maryland St. Joseph Medical Center
University of Maryland St. Joseph Medical Center is a 219-bed hospital (formerly owned by Catholic Health Initiatives) acquired by University of Maryland Medical System in 2012. Located in Baltimore County, University of Maryland St. Joseph Medical Center was founded in 1864 by the Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia. UM St. Joseph Medical Center specializes in cancer care, cardiology, orthopaedics, women's health, children's services and emergency medicine.
University of Maryland Upper Chesapeake Health
This not-for-profit, community-based, two-hospital system consists of UM Upper Chesapeake Medical Center in Bel Air and UM Harford Memorial Hospital in Havre de Grace. The 243-bed system delivers a broad range of health care services, technology and facilities. With 2,700 team members and over 550 Medical Staff Physicians serving residents of Harford County, eastern Baltimore County, and western Cecil County, UM UCH is the second largest private employer in Harford County, Maryland.
Mt. Washington Pediatric Hospital
This 102-bed pediatric and rehabilitation hospital, located in northwest Baltimore, provides specialty medical care to infants, children, and adolescents aged 0–21 with complex medical needs.
References
External links
University System of Maryland
Hospital networks in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in Maryland
Hospitals established in 1984
1984 establishments in Maryland
USS Porcupine (IX-126), an Armadillo-class tanker (aka Z-ET1-S-C3 class Liberty Ship Tanker) designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the porcupine.
A station tanker, her keel was laid down 11 October 1943 as SS Leif Ericson (MCE Hull 1930) by the Delta Shipbuilding Corporation in New Orleans, Louisiana. She was named Porcupine on 23 October, launched on 24 November, accepted by the Navy 29 December; and commissioned the next day. After shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico, the new Liberty ship was assigned mobile oil storage duties with the Service Force, Pacific Fleet. Transiting the Panama Canal, she arrived Noumea, New Caledonia on 28 March and commenced fuel storage and transportation operations in the area of Nouméa, Langemak Bay, and Milne Bay, New Guinea; and Seeadler Harbor, Manus, Admiralty Islands. By the end of November she was at Hollandia, New Guinea, and during the last days of 1944 she was a unit of resupply convoy "Uncle plus 15," which formed off Dulag, the Philippines, on 27 December and steamed up Leyte Gulf for Mindoro. The one hundred vessels of the convoy, under the command of Captain J. B. McLean, were screened by nine destroyers.
From 0330, 28 December, when the convoy entered Surigao Strait, until it returned to Leyte, it was either under air attack, or hostile aircraft were held on its radars. With sunrise came the report that weather at Leyte was so foul that no Combat Air Patrol (CAP) could come out. Thus no air cover was available until after noon. But the weather was altogether too fair in the waters plowed by the convoy. At 1012 two groups of three planes each from Cebu attacked. One aircraft was immediately splashed, and another, which attempted to crash into aviation-gasoline laden Porcupine, overshot its target, and splashed into the sea. Liberty ships William Sharon and John Burke were less fortunate. Both were hit, and Burke went down with a mighty explosion. Sharon's superstructure was a mass of flame. Firefighters from USS Wilson (DD-408) finally extinguished the fires, and salvage tug USS Grapple (ARS-7) towed Sharon back to Leyte. Thus Mindoro never received Sharon's cargo of TNT, fuel, trucks, rations, and beer.
An evening air raid resulted in the loss of LST-750. The next day saw Leyte still blacked in, but Mindoro responded to Captain McLean's requests for air cover, and the convoy suffered no damage 29 December. The ships arrived Mangarin Bay on 30 December 1944 at 0710. Captain McLean was eager to offload his ships and head back to Leyte before dark. Until 1540 events ran smoothly, but then five Vals broke through and made a suicide attack. Within two minutes destroyers USS Gansevoort (DD-608) and USS Pringle (DD-477), tender USS Orestes (AGP-10), and Porcupine were hit. Porcupine was hit off White Beach by a low flyer which came in off her port bow. She opened fire with all guns, but was unable to divert the attacking Val from its course. The kamikaze released a bomb over Porcupine's main deck and crashed in after it. Seven Porcupine sailors died and eight were wounded. Fuel tanks ruptured; the engine room flooded, and the plane's engine passed through the ship's hull, tearing a large hole beneath her water line. Gansevoort, surviving her hit, was towed toward the PT base at Caminavit Point and anchored in 15 fathoms of water. She was soon ordered to blow off Porcupine's stern in order to prevent flames from reaching the aviation gasoline. One of the destroyer's torpedoes slammed into Porcupine but the flames were not stemmed. The aviation gasoline ignited, and Porcupine burned to the water line. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 19 January 1945. Another report says she was loaded with ammo and blew up when hit by the Kamakaze.
References
Armadillo-class tankers
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in New Orleans
Ships sunk by kamikaze attack
1943 ships
Maritime incidents in December 1944
Anthony Paul Taylor (born November 30, 1965) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the 2nd round (44th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. A 6'4" (1.93 m) guard from the University of Oregon, Taylor played for only one year (1988-89) with the Miami Heat, their inaugural NBA season.
In his NBA career, Taylor appeared in 21 games and scored a total of 144 points.
External links
NBA stats @ basketballreference.com
1965 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks draft picks
Auxilium Pallacanestro Torino players
Basketball players from Los Angeles
Beaverton High School alumni
Miami Heat players
Oregon Ducks men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Universiade medalists in basketball
Universiade silver medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1987 Summer Universiade
Crossroads Tavern, also known as Crossroads Inn, is a historic inn and tavern located at North Garden, Albemarle County, Virginia. It was built about 1820. In the mid nineteenth century, Clifton G. Sutherland, son of Joseph Sutherland, owned and ran the tavern which was located on the Staunton and James River Turnpike. It served as a tavern and overnight lodging for farmers and travelers using the turnpike. In 1889, Daniel B. Landes bought the land at the public auction of the estate of Clifton Sutherland. The property continued to be conveyed to various owners over the years. The Crossroads Tavern is an early nineteenth century two- to three-story, three bay, double pile brick structure. The building sits on top of a brick and stone foundation, is roofed with tin and has pairs of interior brick chimneys on either gable end. The brick is laid in five course American bonds with Flemish variant. Windows on the basement level at the rear of the house (north side) are barred; other basement windows are nine-over-six sash. Put-holes are found at the west end of the building, formerly providing sockets for scaffold boards should repairs be necessary. The front facade is dominated by a porch on the second story extending the entire width of the south and east facades. It is supported by five rounded brick columns and the tin roof above is supported by simple square wooden pillars connected by horizontal rails. Doors of the front of the basement level open respectively into kitchen and dining room and into a spirits cellar with its original barrel racks as well as a laundry fireplace. Floors on this level were originally dirt but dining room and kitchen floors have been cemented. The main entrance door on the second level, with its multi-panes lights, opens onto a central stair hall with two main rooms on either side. This stair hall has an ascending stair at its front and both ascending and descending stairs toward its center. Formerly the ascending stairs led to upstairs areas which did not connect. There is no ridge pole in the three attic rooms. The interiors of windows and doors on the main entrance side have extremely long wooden lintels. With few exceptions, the interior woodwork is original, including floors, chair rails, mantels and built in cupboards. Also on the property is a two-story contributing summer kitchen, brick up to the second story and frame above, and with an exterior brick chimney at the rear gable with fireplaces on both floors. It is operated as a bed and breakfast.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The Crossroads Tavern Inn is also part of the Southern Albemarle Rural Historic District.
References
External links
The Inn at the Crossroads website
Crossroads Tavern, State Route 692, North Garden, Albemarle County, VA at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Taverns in Virginia
Bed and breakfasts in Virginia
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Drinking establishments on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Hotel buildings completed in 1820
Buildings and structures in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Ras ( compare with Arabic Rais or Hebrew Rosh), is a royal title in the Ethiopian Semitic languages. It is one of the powerful non-imperial titles.
Historian Harold G. Marcus equates the Ras title to a duke; others have compared it to "prince".
The combined title of Leul Ras (Amharic: ልዑል ራስ) was given to the heads of the cadet branches of the Imperial dynasty, such as the Princes of Gojjam, Tigray, Ras Tafari Makonnen and the Selalle sub-branch of the last reigning Shewan Branch, and meaning "Lord of Lords", the highest title of lord.
Historic Ras
Ras Wolde Selassie (1736 - 1816)
Ras Sabagadis Woldu (1780 – 1831)
Ras Alula (1827 – 1897)
Ras Gobana Dacche (1821 – 1889)
Ras Mekonnen Wolde Mikael (1852-1906)
Ras Mengesha Yohannes (1868-1906)
Ras Araya Selassie Yohannes (1869/70-10 June 1888)
Ras Sebhat Aregawi (1892-1914)
Ras Gugsa Welle
Ras Gugsa Araya Selassie
Ras Kassa Haile Darge (1881 – 1956)
Ras Tafari (the latter emperor Haile Selassie, 1892 – 1975)
Ras Darge Sahle Selassie (1830 – 23 March 1900)
Ras Abebe Aregai (1903– 1960)
Ras Wubneh Tessema (1943-1974)
See also
Ethiopian aristocratic and court titles
Negus
References
Ethiopian nobility
Noble titles
The Geometry of Fear was an informal group or school of young British sculptors in the years after the Second World War. The term was coined by Herbert Read in 1952 in his description of the work of the eight British artists represented in the "New Aspects of British Sculpture" exhibition at the Biennale di Venezia of 1952.
Venice
The eight artists who exhibited "New Aspects of British Sculpture" in the British pavilion at the Biennale di Venezia of 1952 were Robert Adams, Kenneth Armitage, Reg Butler, Lynn Chadwick, Geoffrey Clarke, Bernard Meadows, Eduardo Paolozzi and William Turnbull. All were under 40, with years of birth ranging from 1913 to 1924, and of a younger generation than established British sculptors such as Barbara Hepworth and Henry Moore. A large bronze by Moore, Double Standing Figure, stood outside the British pavilion, and contrasted strongly with the works inside. Unlike the smoothly carved work of Hepworth and Moore, these were angular, jagged, rough-textured or spiky. They were more linear and open; Philip Hendy compared Butler's sculptures to three-dimensional drawings. Many of the sculptures in the pavilion were of human or animal figures, and several showed the influence of the continental sculptors Germaine Richier and Alberto Giacometti, works by whom had been shown at the Anglo-French Art Centre in London in 1947. The British sculptures were seen as reflecting the angst, the anxieties and the guilt of the immediate post-War period, with the recent memory of the War, the Holocaust and Hiroshima, and the fear of nuclear proliferation and the effects of the Cold War.
In his catalogue description, Herbert Read wrote:
Read's quotation "scuttling across the floors of silent seas" is from The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock by T.S. Eliot and is a reference to Crab, a sculpture by Bernard Meadows in the exhibition. Read's words were widely quoted, and despite the differences in style and technique between the eight artists, they came to be known as the Geometry of Fear group.
Reception
The Geometry of Fear exhibition was well received, both within and outside Britain. Alfred Barr, the former director of the New York Museum of Modern Art, spoke highly of the sculptors and bought work by three of them – Robert Adams, Reg Butler and Lynn Chadwick – for the museum; he described the exhibition as "the most distinguished national showing of the Biennale". All eight sculptors achieved rapid recognition and career success in the 1950s. In 1953 Butler won the international competition to design the monument to the Unknown Political Prisoner, chosen over more than two thousand entries including submissions by Naum Gabo and Barbara Hepworth; the prize was £4500, enough at the time to buy a large house. In 1956 Lynn Chadwick won the Grand Prize for Sculpture at the Biennale di Venezia of that year, selected over César, Giacometti and Richier.
Within a decade the Geometry of Fear group had fallen from view. In the 1960s British sculpture was dominated by the abstract, particularly that associated with Anthony Caro and his circle at Saint Martin's School of Art. Figurative expressionism and post-war angst were out of style. Butler's eighteen-metre Unknown Political Prisoner was never executed; he, like Adams, Clarke and Meadows, essentially disappeared. Chadwick and Armitage were neglected in Britain but had some following in other countries, while Paolozzi and Turnbull began to work in different styles and remained in the public eye.
Other artists
While the Geometry of Fear group initially consisted only of the eight sculptors who exhibited in Venice in 1952, and never had any of the characteristics of an art movement, other artists have been associated with it, or thought to have been influenced by it. These include, among others, the sculptors Ralph Brown, Anthony Caro (in his early work), Robert Clatworthy, Hubert Dalwood, Elisabeth Frink, George Fullard, John Hoskin and Leslie Thornton, and the painter John Berger. The post-War paintings of Francis Bacon and Graham Sutherland share some of the Atomic Age anxieties of the Geometry of Fear sculptors.
References
Further reading
Herbert Read (1952). New Aspects of British Sculpture (exhibition catalogue). London: British Council.
Lawrence Alloway (1953). Britain's New Iron Age. Art News June–August 1953.
Sandy Nairne, Nicholas Serota (1981). British Sculpture in the Twentieth Century (exhibition catalogue). London: Whitechapel Art Gallery.
Andrew Causey (1998). Sculpture Since 1945. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Martin Harrison (2002). The London Art Scene in the Fifties (exhibition catalogue). London: Barbican Art Gallery.
Margaret Garlake, James Hyman (2003). Henry Moore and the Geometry of Fear (exhibition catalogue). London: James Hyman Fine Art.
British art movements
1952 establishments in the United Kingdom
George Creek is a stream in Alberta, Canada. It is a tributary of the Blackstone River.
George Creek has the name of George Buxenstein, a land agent.
See also
List of rivers of Alberta
References
Rivers of Alberta
Alhaji Ismaila Gwarzo is a retired Nigerian high ranking security and intelligence official. He was a police officer, and the first Director of the State Security Service; Minister of Police Affairs and was also the National Security Adviser to former President of Nigeria Sani Abacha. He has been linked to the theft of about $2.45 billion from the Central Bank of Nigeria.
Early life
Aliyu Ismaila Gwarzo was born in the town of Gwarzo in Kano State, about 72 kilometres from the capital Kano.
He entered the Nigeria Police Force where he held a number of positions of increasing responsibility, retiring with a senior rank.
Head of the State Security Service
In June 1986, the Military Head of State, General Ibrahim Babangida appointed Gwarzo as Director General of the newly formed State Security Service (SSS), responsible for domestic intelligence. His Deputy Director was Lt. Colonel A.K. Togun.
In a case that attracted considerable media attention, Dele Giwa, editor-in-chief of Newswatch magazine, was killed on 19 October 1986 by a parcel bomb.
Two days earlier SSS officials had summoned Giwa to their headquarters, where Colonel A. K. Togun accused him of planning a social revolution and of smuggling arms into the country.
Gwarzo was suspected of involvement in the assassination, but could not be questioned due to his position.
National Security Advisor
Gwarzo was National Security Advisor (NSA) for President Ernest Shonekan, who took office in August 1993, and then for General Sani Abacha from November 1993 onward. He concentrated mostly on security matters, and did not become involved in foreign policy decisions.
However, Gwarzo did ask for funds for a campaign to cultivate the friendship of East African countries and the OAU to garner support for Nigeria gaining a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council.
Within Nigeria, Gwarzo collected money for use in pro-government propaganda. The amounts spent were leaked to the radio and press, undermining the credibility of the regime.
Gwarzo and Major Hamza al-Mustapha, Abacha's Chief Security Officer, were said to be responsible for much of the "torture, killing and wanton looting" during Abacha's rule.
Gwarzo reportedly issued fake security reports that made it possible for hundreds of millions of dollars to be transferred from the government into private accounts owned by Abacha's relatives, while becoming a rich man in the process.
A preliminary report published by General Abdulsalami Abubakar's transitional government in November 1998 described the process. Abacha told Gwarzo to prepare funding requests for fake security projects, which Abacha approved as Head of State. The Central Bank of Nigeria usually sent the funds to Gwarzo in cash or travellers' checks, and Gwarzo took the money to Abacha's house. Sani Abacha's son Mohammed then arranged to launder the money to offshore accounts.
An estimated $1.4 billion in cash was delivered in this way.
For his personal benefit, Gwarzo persuaded Abacha to let him flood the market with US dollars to maintain a stable exchange rate.
Gwarzo bought $100 million from the Central Bank of Nigeria at the official rate of N22 per dollar, and sold at the market rate of N84 per dollar, keeping the profit.
House arrest
After Abacha's death in June 1998, his successor General Abdulsalami Abubakar had Gwarzo immediately placed under house arrest.
He was freed after being detained for three months.
Gwarzo was eventually accused of stealing an estimated $2.45 billion from the Nigerian Central Bank.
Accounts of the amounts and eventual disposition of the funds that were recovered are confused.
In August 1998 the government said it had found about $500 million that Gwarzo had hidden in bank accounts and safe houses.
By November 1998 Abubakar announced that the government had recovered $1 billion from the Abacha family and another $250 million from Gwarzo.
According to Reuters, that month a presidential spokesman said the government had recovered US$750 million from Gwarzo of which $625.2 million were in U.S. dollars and £75.3 million were in pounds sterling, worth about US$125.4 million.
A November newspaper story said 37 properties had also been seized from Gwarzo, five vehicles and 16 trailers of fertilizers. Gwarzo reportedly "insisted that he was merely 'an errand boy' to the late Abacha".
Nigeria returned to democracy in May 1999 with the Nigerian Fourth Republic.
On 30 September 1999 Nigeria asked the Swiss Federal Office for the Prevention of Money Laundering to freeze all the assets of the Abacha family, Gwarzo and others associated with the regime.
In January 2000 it was reported that $654 million had been found in about 140 Swiss bank accounts in the names of Abacha, his family and associates. More money had been found in Luxembourg and Belgium, and it was suspected that money had been hidden in other countries.
President Olusegun Obasanjo issued an informal injunction restricting Gwarzo to his home town in Kano State to prevent alleged plots.
Gwarzo was under house arrest for 18 months with no charges brought against him.
In September 2000 Gwarzo appeared before a Swiss judge and a team of Swiss detectives in Abuja. He offered to pay another $500 million to the Federal government.
Later career
A report in Newswatch in February 2004 noted that Gwarzo and others known to have stolen large amounts from the government were still free. Although Obasanjo had established the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC) soon after being elected, the law was not retroactive.
In March 2011 the Arewa Consultative Forum called a meeting of retired security chiefs and generals from the North.
Gwarzo was among those invited.
Some newspapers said the purpose was to mobilise support former military head of state Muhammadu Buhari, who was running for election as President on the Congress for Progressive Change platform.
The ACF said this was untrue. The ACF had only discussed a planned meeting of security experts to prepare recommendations for President Goodluck Jonathan.
References
Sources
Living people
Nigerian Muslims
Nigerian civil servants
Directors General of the State Security Service (Nigeria)
Nigerian security personnel
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Rotuman forest gecko or Rotuma forest gecko (Lepidodactylus gardineri) is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Rotuma Island (Fiji). It is named after John Stanley Gardiner.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles of Fiji
Endemic fauna of Fiji
Reptiles described in 1897
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Sambo competitions at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games were held at the AUF Sports and Cultural Center, Angeles City, Philippines between 5 and 6 December 2019.
Medal table
Medalists
Sport
Combat
Team
References
External links
2019 Southeast Asian Games events
Lucius Aurelius Bigelow (1892–1973) was an American chemist, specializing in the fluorination of organic compounds.
Early life
Bigelow was born in Boston, Massachusetts on January 31, 1892 to Lucius Aurelius and Mary Elizabeth Bigelow. He graduated from Boston English High.
Education
After completing his undergraduate studies from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1915, Bigelow briefly attended Harvard (1916-1917) before moving to Yale University where he finished his Ph.D. in organic chemistry in 1919. After a short teaching stint at St. Lawrence University, Bigelow moved to a professorship at Brown University, where he taught for nine years. Finally, Bigelow moved to Duke University in 1929 where he served as a member of the chemistry department faculty until his retirement in 1961.
Research
Bigelow's primary academic research was fluorine chemistry and the direct fluorination of diverse organic compounds. In particular, his work provided the foundations for the preparation of fluorocarbons during World War II as part of the Manhattan Project.
After retiring from teaching at Duke, Bigelow continued his research work at Hynes Chemical Research Corpoartion, a Durham, North Carolina facility founded by several of his former graduate students.
Awards
In 1958, Bigelow was the recipient of the Herty Medal by the Georgia Section of the American Chemical Society, recognizing him as an outstanding Southern chemist.
Death
Lucius A. Bigelow died in 1973, survived by his wife Mary Cummings Bigelow and two children.
References
20th-century American chemists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Harvard University alumni
Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
St. Lawrence University faculty
Brown University faculty
Duke University faculty
1892 births
1973 deaths
Scientists from New York (state)
Jacob van Hulsdonck or Jan van Hulsdonck (1582, Antwerp – 1647, Antwerp), was a Flemish painter who played a role in the early development of the genre of still lifes of fruit, banquets and flowers.
Life
Jacob van Hulsdonck was born in Antwerp in 1582. He moved to Middelburg at a young age and there he likely received at least part of his training. The prime still life painting studio in Middelburg was that of Flemish émigré Ambrosius Bosschaert. Although it is believed van Hulsdonck did not train with Bosschaert he may have been an early influence on his work.
By 1608 van Hulsdonck had returned to Antwerp as is documented by the record of his admission as a master of the Antwerp Guild of Saint Luke that year. The following year he married Maria la Hoes and moved into the house that remained his residence for the rest of his life.
The couple had seven children.
Jacob van Hulsdonck was the teacher of his son Gillis who later worked for a long period as a still life painter in Amsterdam.
Work
General
Jacob van Hulsdonck was a still life painter of banquet style pieces, fruit bowls and flowers. Roughly 100 paintings are currently attributed to him. The meticulous handling of detail in his work likely explains his relatively low output. More than half of his paintings are signed with his characteristic full signature in capitals while some are signed with a monogram only.
Because he only left one dated work, the Breakfast piece with a fish, ham and cherries of 1614 (Bowes Museum, Barnard Castle) it is difficult to establish a chronology of his works. Panel makers' marks are of little help in dating his work because of his preference for panels prepared with gesso on the reverse, which makes the wood more stable and less susceptible to warping. It is believed that his earliest still lifes are the ones in which the edge of the table is close to the bottom of the picture and the table are depicted from a rather elevated viewpoint. In these early works, the table is partly covered with a white cloth. In his later works he abandoned some of the rigidity of these early works by lowering the viewpoint, leaving some space under the table and including one side of the table in the composition. His palette is also believed to have evolved over the years and his later works have brighter colours and less dark backgrounds. His later still lifes are set out on plain wooden tables. The grain of the wood is typically depicted in great detail. Occasionally these tables are partly covered with a dark (greyish- or greenish-black) cloth.
Although he must have been familiar with the work of the Bosschaert studio, his work shows more affinity with the work of Osias Beert and even Hieronymous Francken II, two still life artists active in early 17th century Antwerp. It is even possible that van Hulsdonck worked in their circle before becoming a master in the Guild of Saint Luke in 1608. His flower pieces show the influence of Jan Brueghel the Elder.
Whereas 17th-century still lifes are usually believed to convey a hidden ‘message', often related to the vanitas motif of the transience of all things, in van Hulsdonck's works this seems to have been largely absent. Van Hulsdonck did, however, often include a bluebottle as an eye-catching motif and the only living creature in his still lifes. Flies are often regarded as a symbol of the shortness of life.
Banquet pieces and fruit bowls
The banquet pieces of van Hulsdonck typically depict one bowl or basket of fruit in the center. There are six examples where he placed a small vase of flowers to one side of the bowl. The fruits are usual freshly picked plums, grapes, apricots or strawberries, although there is an example of a painting, the Still life with raisins, apricots and plums in a porcelain dish, which depicts dried fruit and nuts.
Van Hulsdonck was particularly skilled in rendering the softness and delicacy of the skins of the fruit. He was a master in bringing out the difference of texture and colouring of the various types of fruit and their foliage.
Flower pieces
Van Hulsdonck also painted pure flower still lifes although they account for a much smaller portion of his oeuvre. Only a few of these are signed and have therefore sometimes been attributed to other artists. For instance, the work Still life of tulips, carnations, a rose and other flowers in a glass beaker resting on a wooded ledge (sold at Sotheby's on 3 July 2013 in London, lot 23) was previously attributed to Jan van Kessel the Elder. His flower pieces can be regarded as a precursor of van Kessel's work as well as that of Daniel Seghers.
A few of his flower pieces only depict a single variety of flowers such as carnations, but most of the time he painted a mixture of a restricted number of blooms in which tulips dominate. The flowers are typically set against a dark background and are held in simple clear glass beakers with prunts in the lower register only, in order to allow the stems of each flower to be followed through to the base. His flower pieces show a greater formal elegance and refined simplicity than Brueghel's usually more elaborate flower pieces. This may possibly be due to Bosschaert's formative influence.
Notes
External links
Flemish Baroque painters
Flemish still life painters
Artists from Antwerp
Painters from Antwerp
Flower artists
1582 births
1647 deaths
Dame Mabel Crout DBE (6 January 1890 – 8 February 1984) was a British politician, who served on the London County Council.
Born in Plumstead, Crout joined the Labour Party in 1906. She was appointed as assistant secretary to the Woolwich Labour Party in 1912, the first woman to hold a paid post in the local party, and in 1920 she became the first woman to become a magistrate in Woolwich.
In 1919, she was elected to Woolwich Metropolitan Borough Council, also becoming the party's assistant election agent for the borough. She served as Mayor of Woolwich in 1936/37. At the 1949 London County Council election, she was elected for Woolwich East, serving until 1955, when she stood down. She continued on Woolwich Borough Council until 1964, and then was elected as an alderman to its replacement, the London Borough of Greenwich. In 1965, she was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire. In 1959, she had been made a freeman of Woolwich.
Crout finally retired in 1971, moving to Tunbridge Wells, where she died in 1984 at the age of 94.
References
1890 births
1984 deaths
Councillors in the Royal Borough of Greenwich
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Mayors of places in Greater London
Members of London County Council
People from Plumstead
Women councillors in England
Isaak Moiseevich Yaglom (; 6 March 1921 – 17 April 1988) was a Soviet mathematician and author of popular mathematics books, some with his twin Akiva Yaglom.
Yaglom received a Ph.D. from Moscow State University in 1945 as student of Veniamin Kagan. As the author of several books, translated into English, that have become academic standards of reference, he has an international stature. His attention to the necessities of learning (pedagogy) make his books pleasing experiences for students. The seven authors of his Russian obituary recount "…the breadth of his interests was truly extraordinary: he was seriously interested in history and philosophy, passionately loved and had a good knowledge of literature and art, often came forward with reports and lectures on the most diverse topics (for example, on Alexander Blok, Anna Akhmatova, and the Dutch painter M. C. Escher), actively took part in the work of the cinema club in Yaroslavl and the music club at the House of Composers in Moscow, and was a continual participant of conferences on mathematical linguistics and on semiotics."
University life
Yaglom started his higher education at Moscow State University in 1938. During World War II he volunteered, but due to myopia he was deferred from military service. In the evacuation of Moscow he went with his family to Sverdlovsk in the Ural Mountains. He studied at Sverdlovsk State University, graduated in 1942, and when the usual Moscow faculty assembled in Sverdlovsk during the war, he took up graduate study. Under the geometer Veniamin Kagan he developed his Ph.D. thesis which he defended in Moscow in 1945. It is reported that this thesis "was devoted to projective metrics on a plane and their connections with different types of complex numbers (where , or , or else )."
Institutes and titles
During his career, Yaglom was affiliated with these institutions:
Moscow Energy Institute (1946) – lecturer in mathematics
Moscow State University (1946 – 49) – lecturer, department of analysis and differential geometry
Orekhovo-Zuevo Pedagogical Institute (1949–56) – lecturer in mathematics
Lenin State Pedagogical Institute (Moscow) (1956–68) – obtained D.Sc. 1965
Moscow Evening Metallurgical Institute (1968–74) – professor of mathematics
Yaroslavl State University (1974–83) – professor of mathematics
Academy of Pedagogical Sciences (1984–88) – technical consultant
Affine geometry
In 1962 Yaglom and Vladimir G. Ashkinuse published Ideas and Methods of Affine and Projective Geometry, in Russian. The text is limited to affine geometry since projective geometry was put off to a second volume that did not appear. The concept of hyperbolic angle is developed through area of hyperbolic sectors. A treatment of Routh's theorem is given at page 193. This textbook, published by the Ministry of Education, includes 234 exercises with hints and solutions in an appendix.
English translations
Isaac Yaglom wrote over 40 books and many articles. Several were translated, and appeared in the year given:
Complex numbers in geometry (1968)
Translated by Eric J. F. Primrose, published by Academic Press (N.Y.). The trinity of complex number planes is laid out and exploited. Topics include line coordinates in the Euclidean and Lobachevski planes, and inversive geometry.
Geometric Transformations (1962, 1968, 1973, 2009)
The first three books were originally published in English by Random House as part of the series New Mathematical Library (Volumes 8, 21, and 24). They were keenly appreciated by proponents of the New Math in the U.S.A., but represented only a part of Yaglom's two-volume original published in Russian in 1955 and 56. More recently the final portion of Yaglom's work was translated into English and published by the Mathematical Association of America. All four volumes are now available from the MAA in the series Anneli Lax New Mathematical Library (Volumes 8, 21, 24, and 44).
A simple non-euclidean geometry and its physical basis (1979)
Subtitle: An elementary account of Galilean geometry and the Galilean principle of relativity. Translated by Abe Shenitzer, published by Springer-Verlag. In his prefix, the translator says the book is "a fascinating story which flows from one geometry to another, from geometry to algebra, and from geometry to kinematics, and in so doing crosses artificial boundaries separating one area of mathematics from another and mathematics from physics." The author's own prefix speaks of "the important connection between Klein's Erlanger Program and the principles of relativity."
The approach taken is elementary; simple manipulations by shear mapping lead on page 68 to the conclusion that "the difference between the Galilean geometry of points and the Galilean geometry of lines is just a matter of terminology".
The concepts of the dual number and its "imaginary" ε, ε2 = 0, do not appear in the development of Galilean geometry. However, Yaglom shows that the common slope concept in analytic geometry corresponds to the Galilean angle. Yaglom extensively develops his non-Euclidean geometry including the theory of cycles (pp. 77–79), duality, and the circumcycle and incycle of a triangle (p. 104).
Yaglom continues with his Galilean study to the inversive Galilean plane by including a special line at infinity and showing the topology with a stereographic projection. The Conclusion of the book delves into the Minkowskian geometry of hyperbolas in the plane, including the nine-point hyperbola. Yaglom also covers the inversive Minkowski plane.
Probability and information (1983)
Co-author: A. M. Yaglom. Russian editions in 1956, 59 and 72. Translated by V. K. Jain, published by D. Reidel and the Hindustan Publishing Corporation, India.
The channel capacity work of Claude Shannon is developed from first principles in four chapters: probability, entropy and information, information calculation to solve logical problems, and applications to information transmission. The final chapter is well-developed including code efficiency, Huffman codes, natural language and biological information channels, influence of noise, and error detection and correction.
Challenging Mathematical Problems With Elementary Solutions (1987)
Co-author: A. M. Yaglom. Two volumes. Russian edition in 1954. First English edition 1964-1967
Felix Klein and Sophus Lie (1988)
Subtitle: The evolution of the idea of symmetry in the 19th century.
In his chapter on "Felix Klein and his Erlangen Program", Yaglom says that "finding a general description of all geometric systems [was] considered by mathematicians the central question of the day." The subtitle more accurately describes the book than the main title, since a great number of mathematicians are credited in this account of the modern tools and methods of symmetry.
In 2009 the book was republished by Ishi Press as Geometry, Groups and Algebra in the Nineteenth Century. The new edition, designed by Sam Sloan, has a foreword by Richard Bozulich.
See also
Anti-cosmopolitan campaign
References
Further reading
via Internet Archive
А. Д. Мышкис, "Исаак Моисеевич Яглом — выдающийся просветитель" (transl.: "Isaak Moiseevich Yaglom, prominent educator"), Матем. просв., сер. 3, 7, МЦНМО, М., 2003, pp. 29–34. (in Russian)
В. М. Тихомиров, "Вспоминая братьев Ягломов" (transl.: "Remembering the Yaglom brothers"), Матем. просв., сер. 3, 16, Изд-во МЦНМО, М., 2012, pp. 5–13. (in Russian)
External links
About Isaak Moiseevich Yaglom by B. A. Rozenfel'd
1921 births
1988 deaths
20th-century mathematicians
Soviet mathematicians
Ukrainian Jews
Scientists from Kharkiv
Textbook writers
Geometers
Ural State University alumni
Twin people from Russia
House at 103 Roslyn Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1884 and is a two-story, clapboard-sided residence with a cross-gable, slate-covered roof in the Queen Anne style. It features a three-story square tower with a pyramidal roof and a "wraparound shed roof" porch. It includes "three decorative corbelled chimneys".
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 as "House at 103 Rosyln Avenue".
It was included in a study covering the Sea Cliff Summer Resort area as a "Thematic Group".
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Queen Anne architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1884
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Sir John Shaw Rennie (12 January 1917 – 12 August 2002) was a British civil servant and the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East's Commissioner-General from 1971 to 1977.
Early life
John Rennie was born in Glasgow and educated at Hillhead High School, Glasgow University and Balliol College, Oxford. In 1951 Rennie was appointed Britain's deputy colonial secretary for Mauritius. He was the British Resident in Vanuatu from 1955 to 1962. From 1962 to 1968 he was Governor of Mauritius, overseeing Mauritius' transition to independence. From 1968 to 1971 Rennie was UNRWA deputy Commissioner-General under Laurence Michelmore, who persuaded then-U.N. Secretary-General U Thant to appoint Rennie as his successor.
References
1917 births
2002 deaths
Governors of British Mauritius
Governors-General of Mauritius
Colonial Administrative Service officers
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
UNRWA officials
Resident Commissioners of the New Hebrides (United Kingdom)
British officials of the United Nations
Arborland Center is a shopping center located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States. Opened in 1961 as an unenclosed shopping mall, the center was redeveloped as a power center in 1998. Current anchor stores include Marshalls, Petco, Kroger, Sephora, Old Navy Gardner-White Furniture (that used to be a Toys "R" Us) and Bed Bath & Beyond.
History
Arborland was Ann Arbor's first suburban mall, opened in the early 1960s. The original Arborland featured JCPenney, Kresge, Kroger, and Montgomery Ward among its anchor stores. In 1973, the larger Briarwood Mall opened, and JCPenney moved to a newer store there. Competition from Briarwood caused Arborland to lose tenants throughout the end of the 1970s. E.N. Maisel & Associates purchased the mall in 1980 and enclosed its formerly open-air concourses, while replacing the vacated JCPenney store with Crowley's. Despite these additions, the mall continued to lose tenants, including Montgomery Ward, Sibley's Shoes, and Pearle Vision in early 1983.
Melvin Simon & Associates (now Simon Property Group) began renovations on converting the mall to discount and outlet stores in 1983, which necessitated closing of the Crowley's store as it was incompatible with the discount format. At the time of Simon's purchase, the center had only 13 tenants. Simon attracted over 45 new stores, including new anchor stores Burlington Coat Factory, Service Merchandise, F&M, Toys "R" Us, and Marshalls, along with a food court.
In the late 1990s Freed and Associates purchased it on the cheap and razed most of the structure, transforming it into a big box cluster. Toys "R" Us was rebuilt during the "de-malling" of the center, while Marshalls and the former F&M building (now occupied by OfficeMax) were retained. Freed's purchase price was around $6 million; within a decade, in 2005, Freed was said to be seeking a buyer for over $100 million. Freed did shortly find a buyer for the center. The facility was purchased by AmCap, through a joint venture with Los Angeles-based Hart Realty Advisers for a reported $102 million.
The Borders in Arborland closed in April 2011. A year later, its space was split between Five Below and Ulta. Nordstrom Rack was confirmed in 2013 for a space vacated by Circuit City in 2009.
References
Buildings and structures in Ann Arbor, Michigan
Shopping malls in Michigan
Shopping malls established in 1961
Power centers (retail) in the United States
Tourist attractions in Ann Arbor, Michigan
1961 establishments in Michigan
Shayne Greenman (born 11 January 1969 in Benalla, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian artisan baker, sugar craftsman and culinary artist.
In early 2012, Greenman became the gold medallist in the Australian Artisan Baking Cup and was the World Championship Artisan baker at the SIGEP Baking Cup in Rimini, Italy.
In late 2012 he won the Australian Culinary Challenge Decorated Cake Award,
Greenman placed Top 5 in the International Baking Association Cup in Munich, Germany
Greenman recently visited as a guest at the Ecole Gastonomique Bellouet Conseil, Le Cordon Bleu Culinary Institute and L'Atelier Des Sens in Paris, France.
Greenman competed at the 2014 Cake Decorating Championships held in Sydney Olympic Park. at the Cake, Bake and Sweets Show and won two first prizes in Masters Division, one for a sugarcraft piece depicting the birth of a dragonfly and another Novelty cake depicting a 1920s fortune teller a life size bust sculpted out of cake and was a finalist in a third category Masters Wedding cake section depicting a spring pond with two sculpted white swans entwined around a nest of hatching eggs surrounded with bull rushes water lilies and water iris.
In September 2014 Greenman travelled to the U.S to be an International guest demonstrator at the 21st Birthday celebrations of Oklahoma State Sugar Art Show created by Kerry Vincent
His Grand National Wedding Cake Competition entry which was completed in under four days won him a Silver Medal Placement along with the other finalists in the competition.
Greenman has also worked as an actor, appearing in a range of Australian films and television series from the 1980s until the mid 2000s.
References
Paul, M (2012). "Pastry chef rises to occasion", ABC News.
Lewis, C (2012). "Battling Bakers Go Dough to Dough", The Australian.
Vincent, K (2014). "Celebrity Presenters at 2014 Oklahoma State Sugar Art Show"
Acting credits. https://www.imdb.com/name/nm1441516/
Living people
Australian bakers
Pastry chefs
Australian television chefs
1969 births
First Kill is a 2001 Dutch documentary film that revolves around the psychology of war. Important turning points in the Vietnam War are used to illustrate the effect of war on body and mind. The documentary consists of interviews with Michael Herr and several Vietnam veterans. The depth of the interviews provides insight into the feelings that accompany violence, fear, hate, seduction and pleasure.
First Kill was directed by Coco Schrijber and produced by Lemming Film.
External links
Dutch documentary films
2001 films
Documentary films about the Vietnam War
Documentary films about veterans
Documentary films about mental health
2001 documentary films
2000s English-language films
North Arch volcanic field is an underwater volcanic field north of Oahu, Hawaii. It covers an area of about and consists of large expanses of alkali basalt, basanite and nephelinite that form extensive lava flows and volcanic cones. Some lava flows are longer than .
This volcanic field appears to be somehow related to the Hawaii hotspot, although the exact mechanisms are debated. Similar volcanic units are also found on the adjacent islands, such as the Honolulu Volcanics on Oahu. The volcanic field was formed through effusive and explosive eruptions between 1.5 and 0.5 million years ago, although eruptions before and after these dates also took place.
Geography and geomorphology
The North Arch volcanic field lies north of Oahu at depth; within the Exclusive Economic Zone of the Hawaiian Islands. The existence of lava flows in this geological region was already postulated in 1964, but it was GLORIA sidescan sonar eventually identified an anomalously reflective seafloor that constitutes the North Arch volcanic field; the discovery was first published in 1968 and rock samples taken in 1988. The volcanic field lies on the Hawaiian Arch and on its southern slope.
The volcanic field covers an area of about and consists of about 100 observed volcanic cones with associated lava flows. The volcanic cones range from shield-like to steep to lava dome-like and long ridges and lava flows range from lava lakes forming flat-topped cones to over long lava flows despite the flat terrain; small hills in the lava flows may be vents. The average thickness of the lava flows probably amounts to either less than or about . Fissure vents also occur in the field; one of these has been the source of a lava flow. Owing to the sizes of the lava flows, the field has also been called a flood basalt in analogy to It's usually much larger continent-based counterparts. The volcanoes are located among Cretaceous seamounts and sediment-covered seafloor, which forms kipukas between the lava flows. In turn, lava flows are covered with over thick sediments. A noticeable swell where clusters of volcanic cones occur may reflect the presence of sills. The total volume of the volcanic field is about , much less than a typical Hawaiian shield stage volcano, and rocks occur in the form of e.g. glass shards, pillow lavas, scoria and volcaniclastic material. A seismic velocity anomaly at depth appears to be associated with the North Arch volcanic field.
Geology
The bulk of the volcanism of a Hawaiian volcano is made up by the shield stage during which tholeiitic lavas are erupted. This stage is after between 250,000 - 2,500,000 years followed by a "post-erosional" or "rejuvenated" stage during which lavas of alkali basalt, melilitite and nephelinite composition; such volcanism has been observed on Koolau, Kauai and Niihau and covers large parts of the Hawaiian Islands even though it makes up less than one percent of their volume. The North Arch volcanic rocks resemble the composition of these rejuvenated stage volcanics of Hawaii such as the Honolulu Volcanics, and another unit of these volcanics forms the South Arch volcanic field south of Kilauea, and have been deemed "peripheral lavas" of the Hawaii hotspot. In fact, it has been proposed that the rejuvenated volcanics of Niihau, Kauai, Oahu and Molokai might actually be part of the North Arch volcanic field. Other volcanic units of a probably similar nature have been found between Oahu and Kauai.
Origin
While the shield stage volcanics of Hawaii are linked to the mantle plume, the origin of volcanism in the North Arch volcanic field is debated:
Low-degree melting of garnet lherzolite.
The flexure of the crust under the weight of the Hawaiian volcanoes forms the Hawaiian Arch, where the crust breaks up and melts can concentrate; this would provide both pathways and sources for magma to ascend to the surface.
Magma ascent along fissures associated with the Molokai Fracture Zone.
Changes in lithosphere thickness associated with the Molokai Fracture Zone.
Development and spreading of a refractory mantle root underneath the Hawaii hotspot.
Secondary convection away from the main mantle plume.
The volcanism of the North Arch volcanic field might nevertheless have a common cause as the rejuvenated stage volcanism of Hawaiian Islands. Volcanic units interpreted similarly to the North Arch volcanic field are also known from Kerguelen.
Composition
Samples taken from the North Arch volcanic field are fine grained or glassy with varying quantities of vesicles and consist of alkali basalt, basanite and nephelinite, with variable chlorine, magnesium, potassium and sulfur contents. Olivine is the most important phenocryst, although clinopyroxene and spinel are also found. This diverse composition stems from variable melting from a common source rock with subsequent fractionation of olivine and garnet; the source rock appears to be ultimately a product of both mantle and mantle plume components. Hyaloclastite is also found; clay and palagonite found in the field may have formed from volcanic ash through e.g. hydrothermal alteration and manganese oxide crusts cover many flows.
Eruption history
Volcanism on the North Arch volcanic field occurred during the Plio-Pleistocene between 1.5 million years ago and less than 500,000 years ago, at the same time as the Honolulu Volcanics although even younger flows have been found. The timing of volcanic activity has been inferred from the thicknesses of palagonite and sediment layers as well as the stratigraphy and overlaps with rejuvenated volcanism on Oahu, Kauai and Niihau. In contrast, the South Arch volcanic field was emplaced in the last 10,000 years.
Apparently the central part of the field was emplaced first, with the surrounding parts forming later; in addition, lava flows which make up the surrounding parts appear to preferentially originate at the foot of Cretaceous ridges and seamounts; perhaps these ridges and seamounts can act as pathways for magma to reach the surface. Total magma production is about .
The North Arch volcanic field has been the site of voluminous lava effusion and the formation of shallow magma chambers which gave rise to pit craters when they collapsed. Despite the great depth of the North Arch volcanic field, traces of explosive eruptions has been found there such as steep and low volcanic cones and deposits from fire fountaining; the formation of bubbles from volatile substances in the magma and processes involving supercritical fluids and magma-water interaction are probably involved in the explosive volcanism there.
Notes
References
Sources
Pliocene volcanoes
Pleistocene volcanoes
I Can Get It for You Wholesale: Original Broadway Cast Recording contains the songs from the Broadway musical I Can Get It for You Wholesale, with music and lyrics by Harold Rome. The album contains Barbra Streisand's show-stopping solo
"Miss Marmelstein", which became the most memorable song of the show.
Background
Barbra Streisand's vocals are featured in the songs "I'm Not A Well Man", "Ballard Of The Garment Trade", "Miss Marmelstein" and "What Are They Doing To Us Now?". This album marks her first professional recording appearance. Goddard Lieberson, who produced the album, signed Streisand to a contract, and her first solo album The Barbra Streisand Album was released two months after I Can Get It for You Wholesale closed.
Track listing
All songs written by Harold Rome.
"Overture" – 1:27
"I'm Not A Well Man" (performed by Barbra Streisand and Jack Kruschen) – 2:21
"The Way Things Are" (performed by Elliott Gould) – 1:41
"When Gemini Meets Capricorn" (performed by Marilyn Cooper and Elliott Gould) – 2:48
"Momma, Momma, Momma" (performed by Elliott Gould and Lillian Roth) – 2:57
"The Sound Of Money" (performed by Elliott Gould and Sheree North) – 4:15
"Too Soon" (performed by Lillian Roth) – 3:05
"The Family Way" (performed by Elliott Gould, Lillian Roth, Marilyn Cooper, Ken LeRoy and Bambi Linn) – 3:08
"Who Knows?" (performed by Marilyn Cooper) – 3:41
"Ballad Of The Garment Trade" (performed by Barbra Streisand, Elliott Gould, Marilyn Cooper, Ken LeRoy and Bambi Linn) – 3:25
"Have I Told You Lately?" (performed by Ken LeRoy and Bambi Linn) – 3:10
"A Gift Today" (performed by Elliott Gould, Lillian Roth, Marilyn Cooper, Ken LeRoy and Bambi Linn) – 3:55
"Miss Marmelstein" (performed by Barbra Streisand) – 3:22
"A Funny Thing Happened" (performed by Elliott Gould and Marilyn Cooper) – 2:38
"What's In It For Me?" (performed by Harold Lang) – 1:57
"Eat A Little Something" (performed by Elliott Gould and Lillian Roth ) – 2:10
"What Are They Doing To Us Now?" (performed by Barbra Streisand) – 7:11
Unrecorded tracks
The following songs from the musical show were not included in the cast recording:
"Overture" (This unrecorded overture is a medley typical of the standard Broadway musical. The recorded track titled "Overture" is actually a brief musical accompaniment to a piece of dance and movement that opens the first scene.)
"The Sound Of Money (Reprise)" (Harold Rome)
"Epilogue" (Harold Rome)
Singles
The songs "Miss Marmelstein" (performed by Barbra Streisand) and "Who Knows?" (performed by Marilyn Cooper) were released to radio as a promotional single in April 1962.
Chart performance
The album peaked at #125 on Billboard's Pop Albums Chart.
Personnel
Produced by Goddard Lieberson
Music and lyrics by Harold Rome
Musical direction and vocal arrangements by Lehman Engel
Orchestrations by Sid Ramin
Original recording engineers: Fred Plaut and Ed Michalski
References
1962 albums
Columbia Records albums
Cast recordings
Albums produced by Goddard Lieberson
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Alabama, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1819, Alabama has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864, during the American Civil War, when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Election of 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all electoral votes (including Alabama's three electoral votes) except one vote in New Hampshire. The popular vote was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Alabama
Notes
References
The London 1899 chess tournament was one of the strongest tournaments ever held on British soil. Almost every great master of the day was present including the past and reigning world champions. It proved to be the swan song of the old champion Wilhelm Steinitz but for Emanuel Lasker it was a glittering success which propelled him way beyond the other grandmasters of the time.
The organizing committee was headed by Sir George Newnes, with Herbert William Trenchard occupying the role of treasurer.
All the top players of the age were invited, with many being the champion of their country. Refusals came from Siegbert Tarrasch and Rudolf Charousek (illness), and Amos Burn had to withdraw on the opening day. Fifteen participants played double rounds from 30 May to 10 July 1899, except for Richard Teichmann. He withdrew after round 4 due to an eye infection.
Lasker finished 4½ points ahead of the group finished tied for second (Janowski, Maroczy, Pillsbury), and this remains one of the most dominant performances in a chess tournament, and London 1899 goes down in history as one of the great Lasker victories along with St. Petersburg 1896, Paris 1900, St. Petersburg 1914 and New York 1924.
The Premier tournament
The results and standings:
{|class="wikitable"
! # !! Player !! 1 !! 2 !! 3 !! 4 !! 5 !! 6 !! 7 !! 8 !! 9 !! 10 !! 11 !! 12 !! 13 !! 14 !! 15 !! Total
|-
|1 || ||xx ||½ 1 ||½ 1 ||1 ½ ||½ 1 ||0 1 ||1 1 ||1 1 ||1 ½ ||½ 1 ||1 ½ ||1 1 ||1 1 ||1 1 ||+ + ||23½
|-
|2–4 || ||½ 0 ||xx ||½ ½ ||1 0 ||½ ½ ||½ 1 ||0 1 ||½ 1 ||1 0 ||½ 1 ||1 1 ||½ 1 ||1 ½ ||1 1 ||+ + ||19
|-
|2–4 || ||½ 0 ||½ ½ ||xx ||0 1 ||½ 1 ||0 0 ||1 0 ||½ ½ ||1 1 ||1 1 ||1 1 ||1 1 ||1 ½ ||1 1 ||½ + ||19
|-
|2–4 || ||0 ½ ||0 1 ||1 0 ||xx ||1 1 ||1 ½ ||1 1 ||½ 1 ||0 0 ||1 0 ||1 1 ||1 1 ||0 1 ||1 ½ ||+ + ||19
|-
|5 || ||½ 0 ||½ ½ ||½ 0 ||0 0 ||xx ||1 ½ ||1 0 ||½ 1 ||½ 1 ||1 1 ||0 ½ ||1 1 ||1 1 ||1 1 ||+ + ||18
|-
|6 || ||1 0 ||½ 0 ||1 1 ||0 ½ ||0 ½ ||xx ||½ 0 ||0 1 ||1 ½ ||1 0 ||0 1 ||1 ½ ||1 1 ||1 1 ||½ + ||16½
|-
|7 || ||0 0 ||1 0 ||0 1 ||0 0 ||0 1 ||½ 1 ||xx ||1 ½ ||1 ½ ||½ 1 ||0 1 ||1 0 ||1 1 ||1 0 ||1 + ||16
|-
|8 || ||0 0 ||½ 0 ||½ ½ ||½ 0 ||½ 0 ||1 0 ||0 ½ ||xx ||0 ½ ||1 ½ ||0 ½ ||1 1 ||1 1 ||0 1 ||+ + ||13½
|-
|9 || || 0 ½ ||0 1 ||0 0 ||1 1 ||½ 0 ||0 ½ ||0 ½ ||1 ½ ||xx ||0 1 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||1 1 ||½ 1 ||+ + ||13
|-
|10–11 || ||½ 0 ||½ 0 ||0 0 ||0 1 ||0 0 ||0 1 ||½ 0 ||0 ½ ||1 0 ||xx ||1 ½ ||½ 0 ||½ 1 ||1 1 ||+ + ||12½
|-
|10–11 || || 0 ½ ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||1 ½ ||1 0 ||1 0 ||1 ½ ||1 1 ||0 ½ ||xx ||1 ½ ||1 0 ||0 0 ||+ + ||12½
|-
|12 || ||0 0 ||½ 0 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 ½ ||0 1 ||0 0 ||1 1 ||½ 1 ||0 ½ ||xx ||½ 1 ||½ ½ ||+ + ||10½
|-
|13 || ||0 0 ||0 ½ ||0 ½ ||1 0 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||½ 0 ||0 1 ||½ 0 ||xx ||1 1 ||+ + ||8
|-
|14 || ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 ½ ||0 0 ||0 0 ||0 1 ||1 0 ||½ 0 ||0 0 ||1 1 ||½ ½ ||0 0 ||xx ||0 + ||7
|-
|15 || ||- - ||- - ||½ - ||- - ||- - ||½ - ||0 - ||- - ||- - ||- - ||- - ||- - ||- - ||1 - ||xx ||2
|}
An amount of £1020 for prizes and consolation money was distributed on 11 July 1899. Lasker got £250 and a gold medal. Steinitz won no prize for the first time in his career and died in poverty the following year.
The Minor tournament
There was a second section in the tournament, which was won by Frank James Marshall with 8½ out of 11. Georg Marco and Jacques Mieses were the most experienced opponents.
The results and standings:
{|class="wikitable"
! # !! Player !! 1 !! 2 !! 3 !! 4 !! 5 !! 6 !! 7 !! 8 !! 9 !! 10 !! 11 !! 12 !! Total
|-
|1 || ||x ||½ ||0 ||1 ||½ ||1 ||1 ||½ ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 8½
|-
|2–3 || || ½ ||x ||½ ||½ ||½ ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||½ ||½ ||1 ||8
|-
|2–3 || ||1 ||½ ||x ||½ ||½ ||½ ||½ ||½ ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 8
|-
|4–5 || ||0 ||½ ||½ ||x ||1 ||0 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||½ ||1 || 7½
|-
|4–5 || ||½ ||½ ||½ ||0 ||x ||0 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 7½
|-
|6–7 || ||0 ||0 ||½ ||1 ||1 ||x ||0 ||0 ||1 ||1 ||0 ||1 || 5½
|-
|6–7 || ||0 ||0 ||½ ||0 ||0 ||1 ||x ||0 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 5½
|-
|8 || / ? ||½ ||0 ||½ ||0 ||0 ||1 ||1 ||x ||0 ||1 ||0 ||1 ||5
|-
|9–10 || ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||1 ||x ||½ ||1 ||1 || 3½
|-
|9–10 || ||0 ||½ ||0 ||½ ||0 ||1 ||0 ||1 ||½ ||x ||0 ||0 || 3½
|-
|11 || ||0 ||½ ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||½ ||1 ||x ||1 || 3
|-
|12 || ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||x || 0
|}
See also
London 1851 chess tournament
London 1862 chess tournament
London 1883 chess tournament
References
Chess competitions
1899 in chess
Chess
Chess in London
May 1899 sports events
June 1899 sports events
July 1899 sports events
Miodrag Perišić (; 31 July 1948 – 6 May 2003) was a Serbian writer, literary critic and politician.
He was one of the founders and a vice-president of the Serbian modern-day Democratic Party, the first Minister of Information of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the country's ambassador to Canada from 2001 until his death in May 2003.
Biography
Although born in Subotica, Perišić completed primary and secondary school education in Belgrade. He received a BA degree in philosophy at Belgrade University's Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Department of Philosophy. During his studies he participated in editing and publishing of the journals Student and Vidici, and later worked as editor of the journal Književna reč (Literary Word). Perišić freelanced until 1978 when he started to work as Secretary of the Ivo Andrić Foundation in Belgrade until 1984. From 1984 to 1992 he was editor-in-chief of the journal, Književne novine (Literary Gazette). He was an active member in the Serbian PEN Centre and a vice president of the International PEN, the worldwide association of writers.
In fall 1991, Perišić was a guest of the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution and Peace at the University of Stanford (California). In fall and winter 1991-92 he was a guest at several universities in the United States and gave lectures about roots of Yugoslav crisis, role of the intellectuals, and causes of SFR Yugoslavia's disintegration. In November and December 1999, he visited the seminary at the John F. Kennedy School of Government and gave lectures at William Howard Taft University.
Perišić authored several books, and published anthology of modern Serbian poetry. His latest book was Razvaline ideološkog raja (The Ruins of Ideological Paradise), published in 1995.
Political career
With a group of like-minded activists, including Zoran Đinđić and Vojislav Koštunica, Perišić re-established the Democratic Party in Serbia in 1989. In summer 1992 he was elected as a member of the first Federal Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia as the Minister of Information in the Cabinet of Milan Panić. In the same year, he was elected as the Democratic Party representative in the Federal Parliament. From 1994 to 2000 he was a Vice President of the Democratic Party, and in the period from 1996 to 2000 he was a federal representative elected by the Coalition "Zajedno" ("Together").
Perišić co-founded the Council for Democratic Changes in Serbia, a non-governmental organization where he was the president of the Political Committee until December 2000. On 5 October 2000, he was among the citizens who welcomed the overthrow of Slobodan Milošević on the stairway of the Federal Parliament building. He was appointed an Ambassador of FR Yugoslavia in Ottawa, Canada in 2001, where he was highly appreciated by the Serbian immigration, working steadily on greater interconnectedness of the diaspora and its integration into political and social life of Serbia and Montenegro.
Former Foreign Minister Goran Svilanović emphasized that Perišić "with his dignity of an intellectual, had opened many doors which for others had been closed, in such a way succeeding to bring one small country, as it is Serbia and Montenegro, into the society of the great".
Family
He was married to the former Žaneta Đukić; the couple had twin daughters.
Death
Perišić died of a heart attack on a treadmill during a workout at the University of Ottawa, one month short of his two-year mandate. He was 54 years old. He is interred in the Belgrade New Cemetery.
References
External links
Interview for Vreme News Digest, 1996
1948 births
2003 deaths
Politicians from Subotica
Writers from Subotica
Serbian literary critics
Literary critics of Serbian
Democratic Party (Serbia) politicians
University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy alumni
Ambassadors of Serbia to Canada
Burials at Belgrade New Cemetery
Kongo University () is a university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its name is abbreviated to UK, after its French name. The main offices of the university are located in Mbanza-Ngungu. UK currently operates two linked campuses, at Mbanza-Ngungu and at Kisantu. A permanent third campus at Mbanza-Luvaka has been under construction since 1992.
Faculties and programs
Mbanza-Ngungu Campus
Faculty of Business and Economics
Faculty of Engineering
Faculty of Law
Kisantu Campus
Faculty of Agriculture
Faculty of Medicine
Faculty of Literature and Mass Communication
External links
Kongo University official site - available in French
Kongo University - available in English, French, Kikongo and Portuguese
Universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Kisantu
1990 establishments in Zaire
Educational institutions established in 1990
The Belgium men's national 3x3 team is a national basketball team of Belgium, administered by the Royal Belgian Basketball Federation.
It represents the country in international 3x3 (3 against 3) basketball competitions.
Tournament record
Summer Olympics
World Cup
See also
Belgium national basketball team
Belgium women's national 3x3 team
References
External links
Men's national 3x3 basketball teams
3
Richard Holt may refer to:
Richard Holt (MP for Langbaurgh) (1931–1991), British Conservative Member of Parliament
Richard Holt (cricketer) (1920–2001), English cricketer
Sir Richard Durning Holt (1868–1941), British Liberal Party politician, MP for Hexham
Richard Holt (died 1710), MP for Lymington, and for Petersfield
Ric Holt, computer science professor
Ashton Dearholt (1894–1942), American silent film actor
See also
Holt (surname)
Pandemis oculosa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
The 1994–95 season was Dynamo Dresden's fourth, and to date last, season in the Bundesliga. It was a fairly disastrous season for the club – they finished at the bottom of the table, winning only four league games, including a 21-game winless streak, from October to May. The club got through three managers: Sigfried Held was replaced by another former Germany international striker, Horst Hrubesch, who lasted only four months, before former Dynamo forward Ralf Minge took over for the remainder of the season.
The squad had seen some turnover in pre-season, with last season's top scorer Olaf Marschall leaving for 1. FC Kaiserslautern and midfield pairing Piotr Nowak and Miroslav Stevic joining 1860 Munich. In mid-season, Dynamo turned to two veteran Bundesliga strikers, Jørn Andersen and Herbert Waas, but neither was able to make an impact – neither player scored for the club. One highlight was the emergence of future Germany international Jens Jeremies, who played in the last ten games of the season, while Australian goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer made his first appearances in European football, as understudy to Stanislav Cherchesov.
Having been relegated to the 2. Bundesliga at the end of the season, Dynamo were dropped down another level, to the third-tier Regionalliga Nordost, due to financial irregularities.
Squad
Results
Bundesliga
DFB-Pokal
Transfers
External links
Season details at fussballdaten
Dynamo Dresden seasons
Dynamo Dresden
GURPS Lite is a 32-page introduction to the rules of the GURPS role-playing game based on the core rules in the GURPS 4e Basic Set (mainly Characters).
Contents
GURPS Lite includes basic character creation with advantages, disadvantages, skills and equipment, as well as some rules for playing.
People are allowed to make unmodified copies of the document and distribute as they please, as long as they don't charge any more than the cost of reproduction and don't incorporate it into another product.
Publication history
GURPS Lite was published in 1998 for GURPS third edition, and presents the game in a slim 32-page version, which allowed Steve Jackson Games the opportunity to produce standalone games which did not require the main rulebook. GURPS Discworld (1998) and GURPS WWII (2001) were the first books to include GURPS Lite in them, while later publications were labelled "Powered by GURPS" without including "GURPS" in the book title.
Unlike the later 4E version, the 3E original included the Magery advantage and rules for casting spells in various mana zones (it is only possible to cast Magic in High Mana settings without Magery). It also included the 14 basic spells of Create Fire, Daze, Detect Magic, Fireball, Foolishness, Haste, Ignite Fire, Lend Health, Lend Strength, Light, Minor Healing, Shape Fire, Shield and Sleep. These magic options were removed in the following years' 4E version of Lite.
The current version of GURPS Lite is available, free of charge, as a PDF from the Steve Jackson Games website.
Reception
References
External links
GURPS Lite 4th Edition
GURPS 3rd edition
GURPS 4th edition
Lite
Litorimonas haliclonae is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Litorimonas which has been isolated from the sponge Haliclona.
References
Rhodobacterales
Bacteria described in 2018
Events from the year 2003 in Russia.
Incumbents
President - Vladimir Putin
Prime Minister - Mikhail Kasyanov
Events
March
23 March - A referendum in the break-away republic of Chechnya approves a new constitution.
April
17 April - Assassination of Sergei Yushenkov, co-chairman of the Liberal Russia party and critic of President Vladimir Putin.
29 April - Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair holds a one-day summit with President Putin. Putin mocks Britain's and America's failure to locate weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
May
12 May - 2003 Znamenskoye suicide bombing: Three suicide bombers drive a truck bomb into the FSB directorate complex in Znamenskoye, Chechen Republic killing at least 59 people.
July
2 July - 36-year-old billionaire oil baron Roman Abramovich buys the English football club Chelsea for £140million.
October
25 October - Arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chairman of the YUKOS oil company, on charges of fraud.
27 October–30 October - The stock market falls by 16.5% as the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky is seen as politically motivated leading to a loss in business confidence.
December
7 December - President Putin's United Russia party wins the largest number of seats in the legislative election.
31 December - the end of the birth of the Russian Millennium generation
Notable births
23 January – Apollinariia Panfilova, pair skater
7 March – Polina Kostiukovich, Russian pair skater
30 April – Misha Smirnov, singer, producer-songwriter
4 July – Polina Bogusevich, singer
Notable deaths
January
18 January - Boris Struminsky, 63, Russian and Ukrainian physicist.
26 January -
Valeriy Brumel, 60, Soviet high jumper (men's Olympic high jump medals: 1960 silver, 1964 gold).
Vladimir Mulyavin, 62, Belarusian and Russian rock musician, complications after car accident.
April
17 April - Sergei Yushenkov, politician (born 1950)
May
28 May - Ilya Prigogine, Russian-born physicist and chemist, recipient of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry (born 1917)
July
5 July - Roman Lyashenko, hockey player (born 1979)
September
23 September - Yuri Senkevich, TV anchorman (born 1937)
See also
List of Russian films of 2003
References
External links
Years of the 21st century in Russia
2000s in Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Hitman: Blood Money is a 2006 stealth video game developed by IO Interactive and published by Eidos Interactive. It was released in May 2006 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, Xbox and Xbox 360. It is the fourth installment in the Hitman video game series, and the sequel to 2004's Hitman: Contracts. The single-player story follows cloned assassin Agent 47's efforts to bring down the Franchise, a rival contract killing organization that is threatening his employers, the International Contract Agency (ICA), and seeking to obtain the same cloning technology that created 47. Meanwhile, a frame story presents 47's life and various contracts he carried out, as narrated by a former FBI director to a journalist.
Blood Money was a critical and commercial success, selling more than 2.1 million copies. It has gained a cult following and is now considered by many publications and critics as one of the greatest video games ever made. High-definition ports of Blood Money and two of its predecessors, Hitman 2: Silent Assassin and Contracts, were released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in January 2013 as the Hitman HD Trilogy. A sequel, Hitman: Absolution, was released in 2012, and 4K remastered ports of both Blood Money and Absolution were released by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment in 2019 on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One as part of the Hitman HD Enhanced Collection.
Gameplay
As with previous installments, Hitman: Blood Money has the player control series protagonist Agent 47, who is assigned various targets to assassinate in order to complete missions. Armed guards, security checkpoints, witnesses and other obstacles attempt to prohibit Agent 47's success. The player guides Agent 47 through the game's levels from a third-person perspective. A map showing each topographical area and the location of targets and characters assists the player. To complete his mission, Agent 47 uses multiple methods to eliminate targets, regardless of witnesses or violence to bystanders. Blood Money penalizes players for making too much noise or being too violent.
New features introduced in Blood Money included the ability to climb over obstacles, improved unarmed combat, the use of non-player characters (NPC) as shields, the ability to dispose of bodies, improved character animations, a new game engine, and the ability to upgrade weapons and equipment. Seven of the featured weapons in the game, as well as assorted pieces of equipment can be upgraded.
Every level in Blood Money contains a method to make the target's death look like an accident, such as tampering with a grill to make it explode when it is turned on, rigging a chandelier to fall on a target or pushing a target off a balcony. Agent 47 can improvise weapons to complete missions, such as nail guns, toy air rifles, knives, screwdrivers, stilettos, cane swords, fire extinguishers, hammers, and hedge clippers.
Blood Money introduced a notoriety system that rises and falls based upon Agent 47's success. The higher Agent 47's notoriety, the easier it is for NPCs to identify him. If Agent 47 is captured on camera surveillance or witnessed committing murder, the character's notoriety will rise. If the player executes a mission perfectly, Agent 47's notoriety will be minimal. Blood Money provides players with methods to reduce Agent 47's notoriety, including destroying surveillance equipment and bribery. Notoriety gained in early missions will affect later missions. The player receives payment upon completion of a mission, which can be used to upgrade weapons, or bribe authorities to lower your notoriety score. The amount of money the player receives depends on how cleanly the assassination is carried out, with silent killings with no witnesses receiving the highest payout.
Upon completion of each mission, a newspaper article is displayed containing the mission's results, Agent 47's notoriety level, the weapon most frequently used and how accurately it was used, the number of police, security, and civilians killed or injured, and the existence of witnesses. Sketches of Agent 47's face are displayed and become more accurate as the character's notoriety grows. Players are awarded ratings based upon the success of the mission, such as a designation of "silent assassin" when the target was assassinated as cleanly and quietly as possible.
Blood Money improved the melee weapons system from previous releases, allowing players to lethally throw weapons at NPCs. Unlike previous games, melee weapons cannot be transferred to the player's inventory. Blood Money also introduces rival assassins.
Plot
American journalist Rick Henderson visits the estate of former FBI Director Alexander Leland "Jack" Cayne, in hopes of interviewing him over an attack at the White House or his career. However, Cayne reveals that the interview was merely a ruse, and that Rick was invited to be given the details concerning a far greater story - the full details on cloned hitman Agent 47, a contract killer for the International Contract Agency (ICA), a global organisation involved in assassinations. Although sceptical over the existence of 47, who is deemed an urban myth, Rick decides to listen to Cayne's story, reading documents he provides about a number of contracts committed by 47.
The documents reveal that after 47 had committed an assassination against a bankrupt amusement park owner in Baltimore, Maryland, he went abroad to conduct jobs in Chile and France, assigned to him by his handler Diana Burnwood, before taking on several across the United States. During this time, the ICA found itself being targeted by a rival outfit called "the Franchise", who soon began killing ICA agents while hunting down 47. Although 47 avoids being killed by rival assassins, Diana is forced to shut down the ICA, and divides up its remaining resources between him and herself. Cayne eventually goes on to talk about the White House attack, claiming 47 was involved in the chaos that occurred, but was ultimately brought down by his handler as the law closed in on him.
Unknown to Cayne, 47 had been made aware that the Franchise was working for a political organization that sought to monopolize on Ort-Meyer's cloning technology. As the current US President was planning to legalize cloning, the Franchise was hired to assassinate him so that their puppet, the U.S. Vice President, would replace them. 47 found himself hired by a CIA agent, whom he rescued in a previous contract, to prevent this. With the Franchise exposed, Diana decided to bring down the outfit with a risky plan by pretending to double-cross 47 and injecting him with poison - in reality a serum to induce a hibernatory state that mimics death, so that he could be brought close to those involved in the Franchise.
As 47's bone marrow could be used by the organization's rivals, Cayne, the head of the Franchise, was ordered to find him and kill him. To ensure his marrow cannot be recovered, Cayne had him prepared for cremation, and brings Rick to watch the ceremony. However, Diana takes an opportunity in the ceremony to give 47 the antidote to the serum, allowing him to wake and kill everyone present. With his anonymity preserved, Diana steals the Franchise's assets to reopen the ICA, while 47 proceeds to take on his next contract.
Development
Hitman: Blood Money was announced in November 2004, with a scheduled release for spring 2005. However, the date was later delayed into 2006. In March 2006, it was revealed that the game would be released on the Xbox 360, making it the first Hitman game to be released on the seventh generation of video game consoles. Blood Money was released on the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows on 26 May 2006 in Europe and PAL territories, and 30 May in North America. The game, along with its predecessors, was made available on Steam in March 2007. On 29 January 2013, Blood Money was included in the Hitman HD Trilogy, a compilation also including Hitman 2: Silent Assassin and Hitman: Contracts, released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. In March 2018, the Xbox 360 version of the game was made backwards compatible for the Xbox One. Blood Money was also included in another compilation, the Hitman HD Enhanced Collection, with Hitman: Absolution, which was released on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in January 2019. This version of the game was remastered with updated visuals and could be played in 4K resolution.
Soundtrack
The Hitman: Blood Money Original Soundtrack, composed by Jesper Kyd, was released on 30 May 2006 by Sumthing Else and Eidos. The score was performed with the Budapest Symphony Orchestra and the Hungarian Radio Choir. It features Kyd's trademark ambience and dark, foreboding arrangements with the choral parts in deep brooding Latin.
The soundtrack was nominated for the Best Video Game Score at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards, losing to The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. It received the "Xbox Game of the Year-Best Original Score" award from IGN.
Additional music includes a rendition of Franz Schubert's "Ave Maria" sung by Daniel Perret of the Zurich Boys' Choir, a rendition of "Tomorrow Never Dies" by Swan Lee, "White Noise" by The Vacation, "Slasher" by Institute For The Criminally Insane, and a Bach's Cello Suite No. 1 in G Major.
Controversy
Several advertisements promoting Blood Money generated controversy for their violent imagery. The ad that drew the most attention depicted a woman lying on a bed in lingerie, seemingly asleep but with a bullet hole in her forehead. The caption above the picture read, "Beautifully Executed..." Other ads were "Classically Executed" which featured a cellist who has been executed with a garrote, "Coldly Executed" which showed a body in a freezer, and "Shockingly Executed" which depicted a woman electrocuted in a bath by a toaster. These advertisements were criticized for promoting murder, with one commentator saying they were in "extremely poor taste".
Reception
Hitman: Blood Money received "generally positive" reviews across all platforms, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
GameSpot reported that diverse imaginative scenarios gave Blood Money its share of violent thrills. GameSpy praised the expanded scope and options in each level, such as making kills appear as accidents, saying the game provided enough choices to encourage players to play missions multiple times," but criticized the notoriety system as "underutilized."
IGN praised Blood Moneys "impressive orchestral compositions." GameTrailers wrote that the soundtrack "drives your emotions" through the missions."
In contrary to this praise, TeamXbox criticized Blood Money for offering no innovations from its predecessor Hitman: Contracts.
Hitman: Blood Money sold more than 1.5 million copies by July 17, 2006. By 2011, it had sold more than 2.1 million copies.
See also
List of video games considered the best
References
External links
Official website
2006 video games
Christmas video games
Eidos Interactive games
Fiction with unreliable narrators
Hitman (franchise)
Obscenity controversies in video games
PlayStation 2 games
Stealth video games
Interquel video games
United States presidential succession in fiction
Video game sequels
Video games scored by Jesper Kyd
Video games developed in Denmark
Video games set in amusement parks
Video games set in Baltimore
Video games set in California
Video games set in Chile
Video games set in Colorado
Video games set in the Las Vegas Valley
Video games set in New Orleans
Video games set in Mississippi
Video games set in Nevada
Video games set in Paris
Video games set in San Diego
Video games set in Washington, D.C.
Windows games
Xbox games
Xbox 360 games
Video games set in 2004
Video games set in 2005
Works about witness protection
Ramanjit Singh Sikki is an Indian politician and belongs to the Indian National Congress. He is a member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly and represents Khadoor Sahib.
Family
His father's name is Sukhdev Singh.
Political career
Sikki was elected to the Punjab Legislative Assembly from the Khadoor Sahib constituency in 2012. He was the second-wealthiest candidate in the 2012 Punjab elections.
On 14 April 2017, Sikki uploaded a video allegedly threatening the local police to submit to the demands of his supporters or face consequences.
References
Living people
Indian Sikhs
Punjab, India MLAs 2012–2017
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Tarn Taran district
Place of birth missing (living people)
Indian National Congress politicians
Punjab, India MLAs 2017–2022
Theodoros Vryzakis (; 1819-1878) was a Greek painter, known mostly for his historical scenes. He was one of the founders of the "Munich School", composed of Greek artists who had studied in that city.
Biography
He grew up during the years of the Greek War of Independence. His father was, in fact, hanged by the Ottoman Army near the very beginning of the war, in 1821, and he had to flee with his mother into the mountains.
By 1832, he was in an orphanage, where his artistic talent was discovered by Friedrich Thiersch, a scholar who had played a significant role in making a Bavarian prince (Otto) the new King of Greece. Thiersch took him to Munich, where he attended the "Panhellenion", a school for orphans of the Greek revolution, founded by King Ludwig I. After completing his studies, he returned to Greece and enrolled at the Athens School of Fine Arts.
In 1844, he returned to Munich on a scholarship and was admitted to the Academy of Fine Arts. His teachers there included Carl Wilhelm von Heideck and Peter von Hess, both known for their support of Greek independence. After graduation, he spent ten years travelling throughout Europe, including a two-year stay in Greece from 1848 to 1850. At the end of his travels, he exhibited some of his works relating to the Sieges of Messolonghi at the Exposition Universelle. Most of these canvases were destroyed by a fire in 1929.
From 1861 to 1863, he worked in Manchester, England, painting murals at the Greek Orthodox Church of the Annunciation, Manchester. Four years later, he took part in a major exhibition at the in Leipzig. He painted little during the last decade of his life, due to an eye ailment. His death was due to heart disease. In his will, he left all of the works in his studio to the University of Athens and 760 Marks to repair the roof of the Salvatorkirche in Munich. Many of his paintings were widely distributed in the form of lithographs.
Selected paintings from the National Gallery (Athens)
References
External links
Arcadja Auctions: More works by Vryzakis
Theodoros Vryzakis (video) by the Painters of the Faculty of Munich @ Αρχείο
Theodoros Vryzakis @ the Hellenic Foundation for Culture.
1819 births
19th-century Greek painters
1878 deaths
People from Thebes, Greece
History painters
Greek War of Independence
Munich School
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" is a song by Welsh singer Marina and the Diamonds from her second studio album, Electra Heart (2012). It was released on 7 December 2012 by 679 Artists and Atlantic Records as the album's third and final single. Diamandis worked with Ammar Malik, Benny Blanco, Cirkut, Daniel Omelio, and Dr. Luke during the songwriting process, and enlisted Blanco, Cirkut, and Dr. Luke to oversee its production.
Background and release
Diamandis explained that "How to Be a Heartbreaker" was the only new track on the US edition of her album Electra Heart, and she wrote it "as the UK album was being printed." Lyrically, she stated the song "basically involves four rules on how to be a heartbreaker. It's a guide for everyone!" Despite initially confirming to Digital Spy that "How to Be a Heartbreaker" would be released in the United Kingdom on 15 October 2012, Diamandis ultimately stated via her Twitter page on 22 November 2012 that the UK release of the song would be postponed until spring 2013 because of her US tour in December.
Music video
On 19 September 2012, Diamandis announced on her Twitter page that the music video for "How to Be a Heartbreaker" would premiere online on 24 September. However, problems occurred on the day of the supposed release, and Diamandis took to her Twitter to explain the situation: "So, someone at my record label won't let me release the video because I look ugly in it apparently and we need more money and time to paint out ugly parts. The video will be out end of the week. If not, I am happy to leak the 'minger' version for my fans." The video premiered on 28 September 2012 on YouTube. Marina also worked on the song for about 6 months prior to being released.
The video was directed by duo Marc & Ish and filmed in late August 2012. It opens with Diamandis in a shower surrounded by Speedo-clad male models. It includes various close-up shots of Diamandis and the models throughout the video. She also appears with four different men in various settings, each showing her with a different colored hair ribbon. It includes shots of her walking alone on the beach in some parts of the video, and includes a shot of her holding a platter with a severed and bloodied mannequin head. She don't black hair and various black dresses throughout the video, and her signature heart makeup on her cheek.
Commercial performance
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" was released as the third single off Electra Heart. The song was a commercial success worldwide. In the United Kingdom the song peaked at number 88 and spent one week on the chart. The song ranks as Marina's fifth best-selling track to date in the United Kingdom, with 95,000 combined sales as of February 2019. "How to Be a Heartbreaker" was certified Silver in the United Kingdom in November 2021, denoting sales in excess of 200,000 units. In Denmark the song peaked at number 18 and was certified Platinum. The single was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in June 2021.
Live performances
Diamandis first performed "How to Be a Heartbreaker" live on 29 June 2012 on The Lonely Hearts Club Tour at the HMV Institute in Birmingham. She has since performed the song during most of her Lonely Hearts Club Tour performances and opening performances on Coldplay's Mylo Xyloto Tour, occasionally adding another breakdown after the second chorus. On 9 July 2012, she performed the song on Jimmy Kimmel Live! along with "Primadonna". She has performed the song acoustically on various radio stations and television appearances in Europe and Canada. She also performed the song as part of her "YouTube Presents" streaming performance along with four other songs from Electra Heart on 15 August 2012. Diamandis performed "How to Be a Heartbreaker" live on the season finale of Denmark's X Factor on 22 March 2013, along with "Primadonna".
Other versions
The song was covered by Dean Geyer and Lea Michele on the Glee episode "Feud".
Track listings
UK and Irish digital EP
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" – 3:41
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" (Kat Krazy Remix) – 3:34
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" (Almighty Remix) – 5:37
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" (Kitty Pryde Remix) – 3:00
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" (Baunz Remix) – 7:27
Canadian and US digital single – Remixes
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" (Dada Life Remix) – 6:28
"How to Be a Heartbreaker" (Dada Life Remix Radio Edit) – 3:16
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2012 singles
2012 songs
679 Artists singles
Atlantic Records singles
Marina Diamandis songs
Song recordings produced by Benny Blanco
Song recordings produced by Cirkut (record producer)
Song recordings produced by Dr. Luke
Songs written by Ammar Malik
Songs written by Dr. Luke
Songs written by Robopop
Songs written by Marina Diamandis
The 2016–17 Fordham Rams men's basketball team represented Fordham University during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Rams, led by second-year head coach Jeff Neubauer, played their home games at Rose Hill Gymnasium in The Bronx, New York as a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 13–19, 7–11 in A-10 play to finish in tenth place. They received the No. 10 seed in the A-10 Tournament where they lost in the second round to George Mason.
Previous season
The Rams finished the 2015–16 season 17–14, 8–10 in A-10 play to finish in eighth place. They lost in the second round of the A-10 Tournament to Richmond. They were invited to the CollegeInsdier.com Tournament where they lost in the first round to Boston University.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2016 recruiting class
Preseason
Fordham was picked to finish in 11th place in the preseason A-10 poll.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 Tournament
See also
2016–17 Fordham Rams women's basketball team
References
Fordham
Fordham Rams men's basketball seasons
Fordham
Fordham
Ramsi is a small borough () in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 633.
References
Boroughs and small boroughs in Estonia
Populated places in Viljandi County
Viljandi Parish
Kreis Fellin
Răchitoasa is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of fifteen villages: Barcana, Bucșa, Buda, Burdusaci, Dănăila, Dumbrava, Farcașa, Fundătura Răchitoasa, Hăghiac, Magazia, Movilița, Oprișești, Putini, Răchitoasa and Tochilea.
Natives
Maria Tacu
Ștefan Zeletin
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Ivana Milošević (born 11 June 1982, in Svilajnac) is a Serbian handballer who plays for the Serbian club ŽRK Radnički Kragujevac and the Serbian national team.
National team
Milošević represented Serbia and Montenegro at the 2005 Mediterranean Games and won a silver medal. She played for the Serbian national team at the 2012 European Handball Championship when the team finished 4th.
References
External links
EHF Profile
Living people
1982 births
People from Svilajnac
Serbian female handball players
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Serbia
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
The Uptown Theater was a movie theater designed by Wade B. Denham and built in 1928 in the Uptown neighborhood of Racine, Wisconsin.
Operating history
The building first opened on May 2, 1928, as a live theater, sponsored by businessman Ernst Klinkert., and known as the Majestic Theater. Its single stage with 1,292 seats was built on a hillside, using the natural slope of the land in its design. The building included eight apartments, for actors to stay in during runs. The Majestic Theater closed in 1930, but it was converted into a cinema, and it reopened in 1940, now called the Uptown Theater. It closed once again in 1953, but reopened again the next year, before permanently closing at the end of 1959.
History after closing
After the Uptown Theater closed, its lobby was converted into retail space which became the Avenue Frame Shop. This store remained open for decades, but has recently closed. In 1981, a group called Preservation Racine set out to restore some of the city's former landmarks, including the Uptown, and in 1982, with their support, it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The idea of restoring and reopening the theater was promoted by the non-profit Uptown Theater Group, which was formed in 2001. For Halloween in 2001, the Uptown Theater Group sponsored a haunted house attraction inside the abandoned theater. The haunted house was a fundraising event to promote awareness and support a renovation of the Uptown Theater. In 2002, the Uptown Theater Group planned to hold another haunted house fundraiser at the site, but could not obtain the proper permits from the city of Racine. As a last resort, the organizers rented out a banquet hall adjacent to the theater. Racine police found some of the party goers to be in possession of illegal drugs. Despite the Group's protests, renovation efforts effectively stopped after the incident.
As of 2015, the Uptown Theater remains abandoned.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Racine County, Wisconsin
References
Buildings and structures in Racine, Wisconsin
Cinemas and movie theaters in Wisconsin
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Racine County, Wisconsin
Theatres completed in 1928
1928 establishments in Wisconsin
Wayne B. Jonas is an American family physician, retired army medical officer, and alternative medicine researcher. He is the former president and CEO of the Samueli Institute. The institute does research into the efficacy of alternative medicine, such as on the effects of prayer on treating disease, use of homeopathy to fight bioterrorism, and use of magnetic healing devices on orthopedic injuries, with Jonas commenting on these research programs, "There is a good case for looking at these things scientifically, because we don't know a lot about them". He is professor of family medicine at Georgetown University and an adjunct professor at Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.
Education
Jonas received his medical degree from Wake Forest University School of Medicine.
Career
Jonas began his career as the Director of the Medical Research Fellowship at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research. From 1995 to 1998, Jonas was the director of the Office of Alternative Medicine (since renamed the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health), a branch of the National Institutes of Health. In 2001, the Samueli Institute was founded. Jonas has served as its president and CEO ever since.
References
Alternative medicine researchers
Living people
Wake Forest University alumni
Georgetown University Medical Center faculty
American primary care physicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
American health care chief executives
Ashot Rafailovich Khachaturyants (; born May 25, 1968, Kislovodsk, Stavropol Krai, RSFSR, USSR) is a Russian football functionary, vice president and member of the bureau of the executive committee of the Russian Football Union, and president of the Russian Premier League.
Biography
Ashot was born in Kislovodsk in the Stavropol Krai in May 1968.
In 1991 he completed his studies at the Gubkin Moscow Oil and Gas Institute and in the same year began working for the Gazxport company, a subsidiary of the Gazprom Corporation. He was later appointed as Chairman of the "Siderca" Group, an Argentine company that engaged in the oil business and was later acquired by the Japanese. During the 90s he lived and worked in Buenos Aires. In later interview, after becaming President of the Russian Premier League, he revealed himself as strong supporter of the Argentine Football.
In 2001 he was appointed Chairman of the Investment Policy Department in the Russian Ministry of Economic Development, until 2004. During that time he served as an adviser to the Minister of Economic Development, Herman Gref.
In 2004, he was surprisingly appointed as head of the Federal Security Service's Federal Border Administration Program. As part of his work he was entrusted with strengthening the Russian border in the North Caucasus region. The position was offered to him by Vladimir Pronichev, then Director of the Federal Border Service and who later became chairman of the board of directors of the Dynamo Sports Club.
After Herman Graf was appointed CEO of Sberbank, he offered Khachaturyants positin as CEO of Sberbank Capital, a subsidiary of Sberbank and in this position he served from 2008 to 2021. He also served as a member of the board of directors in Russneft (ОАО «НК« РуссНефть).
From April 2020 to July 2021, he was appointed President of the holding company Eurocement group and was also a member of the board of trustees in the State Tretyakov Gallery.
In November 2019 he was appointed to manage the Referees Committee of the Russian Football Union and also was Head of the Expert Referees Committee, under the Union's President Alexander Dyukov. Due to this he was become a member of the committee for the football development program in the board of directors of the Russian Football Union.
In October 2021 he was appointed as acting President of the Russian Premier League, replacing Sergey Pryadkin who resigned.
References
External links
Ashot Khachaturyants elected as president of Russia's football Premier League, TASS
People of the Federal Security Service
Russian sports executives and administrators
Russian business executives
Sberbank of Russia
Russian football chairmen and investors
1968 births
Living people
Gubkin Russian State University of Oil and Gas
Kampong Seila District () is a district (srok) in southwestern Cambodia, which formerly belonged to Koh Kong province. In January 2009, King Norodom Sihamoni incorporated the district into Sihanoukville province per royal decree, which states: "The administrative boundaries of Sihanoukville municipality and Koh Kong province shall be adjusted by sub-dividing land from Kampong Seila district in whole and partial land of Sre Ambel district in Koh Kong province to Sihanoukville municipality." Officials were assigned to create a "national workshop" process all necessary administrative tasks. The National Institute of Statistics of Cambodia refers in its most recent and preliminary studies to a successful integration of the district, including maps, although concluding statistics and numbers are expected to be available with the next full report. Sihanoukville province's new official domain already runs administration of Kampong Seila district.
Geography
The district's northern part encompasses Kirirom National Park and to the east it constitutes the southwest promontory of Preah Monivong National Park of the Elephant Mountains. The Elephant Mountain range of uplifted Mesozoic substrates is an important watershed for the large Tonle Sap system in central Cambodia. The intact habitat is subject to concerted maintenance of five major protected areas.
Throughout the diamond-shaped province rolling hills are predominant and the area flattens towards the south where it almost touches the sea. For nearly its entire length the National Highway 4 (Cambodia) loops through the district from north to south.
Settlements
Kampong Seila consists of four communes (Sangkat), which are divided into 14 villages (phum). The district's capital is called Kompong Seila, which is in turn the center of Kampong Seila's capital commune. Its distance from Phnom Penh is roughly 135 km and from Sihanoukville (city) around 85 km.
Markets, pagodas, and administrative units are centered on the vital National Road 4. Kompong Seila's overwhelmingly rural population engages in rice farming, forestry, and subsidiary crop cultivation, such as gourds and cucumbers.
Demographics and education
In the village seat of the district there are 1400 people and about 280 households. The main school is the T.C. Kampong Seila school.
Agriculture
Southeast Asia's fourth largest palm oil producer, MRICOP, planted oil palm trees on 477 ha in Kampong Seila. While MRICOP frequently highlights economic advantages, others are concerned about the negative impact of monocultures on the local eco-system, dubious land concession practices, and demographic irritations.
See also
Dâmrei Mountains
References
External links
Preah Sihanouk Province official homepage
Ministry of Tourism
National Institute of Statistics of Cambodia
Sihanoukville Autonomous Port
Ministry of Public Works and Transport
Districts of Sihanoukville province
Robert Shawe (circa 1699 to 1752) was an Irish academic who spent his final years as a clergyman. He was Donegall Lecturer of maths at Trinity College Dublin (TCD) from 1734 to 1735.
Life and career
Shawe was born in near Athenry, in county Galway, Ireland. He attended TCD, being elected a scholar in 1717. He graduated from BA in 1719, obtained MA in 1722, and was elected a Fellow the same year (replacing Richard Helsham). He was Professor of Oratory and History (1732-1738). In 1734, he was awarded DD and became Donegall Lecturer of mathematics for a year, also serving as vice-provost (1734-1744). He was appointed Regius Professor of Laws (1740-1743). In 1743 he became the rector of Ardstraw, in County Tyrone.
References
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
People from County Galway
Donegall Lecturers of Mathematics at Trinity College Dublin
Fellows of Trinity College Dublin
1699 births
1752 deaths
Drake & Josh is a video game based on Nickelodeon's sitcom of the same name, developed by Artificial Mind and Movement and published by THQ for the Game Boy Advance (GBA).
Gameplay
The player controls Drake and Josh in a variety of modes featuring problem-solving, stealth, strategy and action-style gameplay. The game uses a password feature to save progress.
Reception
Gabe Boker of GameZone rated the game 7 out of 10, and wrote, "The visuals and audio are surprisingly quite good. Sure, you won't really be able to make out the characters, but the environments are appealing and fit the theme of the show." However, Boker criticized the game's difficulty: "Levels not only have a ludicrous amount of obstacles, but stages possess strenuous time limits that render things a tad on the stressful side, even for experienced gamers." Boker concluded, "Its presentation does its TV counterpart justice, and its stealth/action/puzzle gameplay offers a much-needed changeup from what we're used to seeing from Nickelodeon-licensed software."
Jonathan Metts of Nintendo World Report rated the game 4.5 out of 10, and criticized its password function, an outdated feature that had become obscure for most video games by that time. Metts wrote that the password feature "isn't a huge problem overall", but that "it is a good indication of how little effort was put into the production of this game. Drake & Josh reeks of the kind of situation where a developer has an established game engine and a generic game design sitting around, and a big name publisher comes along proposing to slap licensed characters onto that framework." Metts wrote that Drake's levels "have strict time limits and can be very frustrating," while Josh's levels "are much more fun, though probably too difficult for this game's target audience". Metts noted the "overly complicated controls and zero fun" of the mini-games, and criticized the fact that the player must enter a password to replay a mini-game. Metts concluded, "Drake & Josh is yet another mediocre licensed GBA game with awful production values and occasional flashes of quality buried too deep to be worth your consideration."
References
Drake & Josh video games
Action-adventure games
2007 video games
Game Boy Advance games
Game Boy Advance-only games
North America-exclusive video games
THQ games
Behaviour Interactive games
Video games developed in Canada
The 1139 Ganja earthquake is one of the worst seismic events in history. It affected the Seljuk Empire and Kingdom of Georgia; modern-day Azerbaijan and Georgia. The earthquake had an estimated magnitude of 7.7 , 7.5 and 7.0–7.3 . A controversial death toll of 230,000–300,000 came as a consequence of this event.
Tectonic setting
Azerbaijan and Georgia is located in an area of high seismic activity as both countries are situated in the collision zone between the Eurasian and Arabian Plates. The collision zone consists of an accreted island arc that collided after the closure of the Tethys Ocean, continental blocks, and sediments from the Mesozoic and Tertiary eras. The area is separated into three geographical regions; Lesser Caucasus, Kura Basin and Greater Caucasus. Seismic activity in the Lesser Caucasus is typically associated with strike-slip faults with vertical dip angles. In the Greater Caucasus, seismic activity correspond to thrust faulting. Extending 100–160 km beneath the Greater Caucasus is the remnants of a subducted tectonic plate after the ocean closed. Earthquakes are caused by crustal compression and shear as the two tectonic plates interact.
Earthquake
The earthquake had an estimated moment magnitude of 7.0–7.3 and 7.7 or 7.5 on the surface-wave magnitude scale at a depth of . A maximum intensity of IX (Violent) to XI (Extreme) on the Mercalli intensity scale was assigned. It was also perceived as far as Aleppo where the felt intensity was II (Weak).
An epicenter location at , near Ganja, was suggested by researchers. This region of the Lesser Caucasus is dominated with oblique and strike-slip tectonics. The source fault of the earthquake was the Pambak-Sevan-Syunik Fault; a 490-kilometer-long WNW–ESE striking strike-slip fault. For the majority of its length, the fault demonstrated right-lateral displacement, but at the westernmost segment, slip is left-lateral. The earthquake ruptured the Mrav segment of the fault at the eastern end. Unlike the rest of the Pambak-Sevan-Syunik Fault, this segment is characterized by a series of north-dipping thrust faults. Paleoseismology in the region indicate large earthquakes of up to 7.5 have occurred on the fault. The Pambak-Sevan-Syunik Fault was also responsible for the 1931 Zangezur earthquake.
Damage
Mkhitar Gosh, an Armenian scholar and writer, quoted Job 9:6 and Psalm 103:32 from the Holy Bible to describe the earthquake. He described tremendous damage in the P'ar'isos and Xach'e'n districts of Syunik. The city of Ganzak also suffered devastation, leaving many of the townspeople buried under ruins. Many structures including monasteries and churches castles and villages in the mountainous region were totally destroyed. The number of people who died in the mountains is not known, described as "incalculable". Strong shaking triggered massive landslides off the sides of mountains and canyons in the Caucasus Mountains region. Parts of Kapaz Mount collapsed, and the resulting landslide blocking the Kürəkçay River, forming Lake Göygöl. Another six lakes formed, including Maral-gol and Lake Ağgöl.
The estimated death toll from this earthquake is somewhere between 230,000 and 300,000 making it one of the deadliest earthquakes in history. Among the dead were two sons of then ruler of the Seljuk Empire, Qara Sonqor. The death toll figure remains controversial with some authors stating it is an exaggeration considering the population of the area at the time of the disaster, or that this was a conflation with the 1138 Aleppo and 1137 Jazira earthquakes.
Aftermath
King Demetrius I of Georgia took advantage of the earthquake and looted the city. Troops stole many artifacts and prized items from the city, including the Ancient Gates of Ganja which was utilized as a trophy. The city was reconstructed by Qara Sonqor, where it began to flourish.
See also
List of earthquakes
List of historical earthquakes
List of earthquakes in Azerbaijan
List of earthquakes in Georgia (country)
References
Earthquakes in Azerbaijan
Earthquakes in Georgia (country)
12th-century earthquakes
1139
1130s in Asia
History of Ganja, Azerbaijan
History of Georgia (country)
Landslide-dammed lakes
Medieval Azerbaijan
Geology of Azerbaijan
12th century in Georgia (country)
Medieval Georgia (country)
Earthquakes in Armenia
Medieval Armenia
The Men's Marathon at the 1987 World Championships in Rome, Italy was held on Sunday September 6, 1987.
Medalists
Abbreviations
All times shown are in hours:minutes:seconds
Records
Final ranking
See also
1987 Marathon Year Ranking
Men's Olympic Marathon (1988)
References
Results
Results at World Athletics
IAAF
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
1987 marathons
Men's marathons
Marathons in Italy
Ahlus Sunnah School is an Islamic school located in East Orange, New Jersey. Founded in 2005, the school serves students in grades PreK-12.
As of the 2017–18 school year, the school had an enrollment of 117 students (plus 25 in PreK) and 28 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 4.2:1. The school's student body was 47.0% (55) Black, 19.7% (23) Asian, 17.1% (20) White, 13.7% (16) two or more races and 0.9% (1) Hispanic.
References
External links
School website
Madrasatu Ahlis Sunnah, National Center for Education Statistics
2005 establishments in New Jersey
East Orange, New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 2005
Islamic schools in New Jersey
Private elementary schools in New Jersey
Private high schools in Essex County, New Jersey
Private middle schools in New Jersey
Khademiyeh (, also Romanized as Khādemīyeh; also known as Khān Nesā (Persian: خان نسا)) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The effects of Hurricane Isabel in New Jersey in 2003 were overall moderate, limited to fallen trees, two deaths, and $50 million in damage (2003 USD, $59 million 2008 USD). Hurricane Isabel formed from a tropical wave on September 6 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean. It moved northwestward, and within an environment of light wind shear and warm waters it steadily strengthened to reach peak winds of 165 mph (265 km/h) on September 11. After fluctuating in intensity for four days, Isabel gradually weakened and made landfall on the Outer Banks of North Carolina with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) on September 18. It quickly weakened over land and became extratropical over western Pennsylvania the next day. Several days before Isabel made landfall, there existed uncertainty in where the hurricane would strike. At least one computer model predicted a landfall on New Jersey, and as a result services across the state thoroughly prepared for the hurricane.
Isabel passed 215 miles (350 km) southwest of the state, though its large wind core produced tropical storm force winds across much of the state. The winds downed hundreds of trees and power lines, leaving hundreds of thousands without power. A falling tree killed one person. Hurricane Isabel produced rough waves and a moderate storm surge along the coastline. One person was killed from the rough waves, and at least 50 locations along the Jersey Shore reported beach erosion from the hurricane.
Preparations
44 hours before Hurricane Isabel made landfall on the Outer Banks of North Carolina, the National Hurricane Center issued tropical storm watch for the coastline from Little Egg Inlet southward into the Mid-Atlantic. A day later, the watch was extended northward to Sandy Hook. When Isabel was 26 hours from making landfall, the watches were changed to tropical storm warnings, and 10 hours before it struck land the National Hurricane Center issued a tropical storm warning for the remainder of the New Jersey coastline. The National Hurricane Center also briefly issued a hurricane watch for the New Jersey coastline. While over the western Atlantic Ocean as a Category 5 hurricane, forecasters predicted Isabel would move northwestward and within five days be at a position 170 miles (275 km) south of Cape May as a 115-mph (185-km/h) major hurricane. By four days before the hurricane struck land, at least one computer model predicted Isabel would strike New Jersey.
News stations were stationed with crews along the Jersey shore several days in advance of Isabel to provide breaking news and live conditions. Many residents prepared their houses by boarding windows and purchasing emergency supplies. The Sussex County chapter of the American Red Cross advised local high schools to be on stand-by as potential shelters in the event evacuation occurred. Emergency coordinators in several counties were on alert, though none issued evacuations. In preparation for anticipated power outages, the Jersey Central Power and Light company arranged to receive more electrical crews from its parent company, FirstEnergy. Other utility workers from various locations as far as Canada left for the state in the event of power outages.
Several flights in and out of the state were delayed or canceled, and the Cape May-Lewes Ferry canceled travel across the Delaware Bay during the duration of Isabel. In Atlantic City, casino workers prepared for coastal flooding by placing sandbags at boardwalk entrances. New Jersey Transit workers secured its buses, railways, and light rail equipment. To ensure service would remain accessible during and after the hurricane, NJ Transit prepared backup generators, pumps, and chainsaws, with workers inspecting trains and the paths of the lines. FEMA mobilized and dispatched an Urban Search and Rescue Task Force of 28 people to the state for possible rescue duty. Days before the storm made landfall, the Salvation Army prepared food and aid for potentially affected citizens. In anticipation for the effects of Isabel, Governor Jim McGreevey declared a state of emergency, which allowed the Federal Emergency Management Agency to deal with the situation.
Impact
Isabel produced a storm surge along the New Jersey coastline of up to 6.5 feet (2 m) in Cape May. Higher amounts occurred along the Delaware River, peaking in the state at 10.6 feet (3.2 m) in Burlington. At its closest approach, Isabel passed within about 215 miles (350 km) of the state, and as a result the outer rainbands produced light rainfall. Wildwood along the southeast coast reported 1.3 inches (33 mm) of rain, while Lincoln Park in the northern portion of the state recorded 2.07 inches (52 mm) of precipitation. The large wind field of the hurricane produced moderate winds across the state. A shoal in the Delaware Bay experienced sustained winds of 54 mph (87 km/h) with gusts to 71 mph (114 km/h). Cape May reported tropical storm force winds with gusts to 61 mph (98 km/h), while Newark in the northern portion of the state experienced gusts to 44 mph (71 km/h).
Hurricane Isabel produced slightly above normal tides and rough surf along the Jersey shore, killing one surfer off of Wildwood Crest. The combination of gusty winds and the heavy surf produced moderate beach erosion along much of the coastline, primarily to beaches facing southeastward. In the Delaware Bay and River area, no significant erosion was reported, though coastal flooding from the hurricane washed out a road and destroyed the deck of a house in Baypoint. In Cape May County waves eroded the beaches by up to 4 feet (1.2 m) in Ocean City and Avalon, with several cities experiencing a loss of dunes and geotubes in Whale Beach being exposed. Waves from Isabel in Atlantic County resulted in light damage, minor coastal flooding, and slight beach erosion. The beaches of southern Ocean County experienced a loss of 3 to 4 feet (0.9 to 1.2 m) of sand, while locations further to the north experienced only minor erosion. Most coastal areas of Monmouth County reported eroded beaches by up to 4 feet (1.2 m), with Union Beach losing about 5,000 sq. feet (465 sq. m) of sand.
Moderate wind gusts throughout the state downed hundreds of trees, tree limbs, and power lines. Over 382,000 people were without power, one of the worst power outages on record for area utilities. Downed trees and power lines closed major streets and schools in Union County. One downed tree greatly damaged a house in Middletown, and in Hudson County several trees fell onto and damaged cars. A downed tree in Englewood injured a woman when she was struck, and a woman in Independence Township was killed when a fallen tree landed on the vehicle she was driving. Strong winds from Isabel blew out the windows in an office building in East Rutherford, causing injuries to two women when they were struck. Throughout the state, damage totaled to about $50 million (2003 USD, $59 million 2008 USD).
See also
List of New Jersey hurricanes
List of retired Atlantic hurricane names
References
External links
National Hurricane Center Tropical Cyclone Report
New Jersey
Isabel (2003)
2003 in New Jersey
Isabel
RoboBlitz is an indie puzzle action video game for Microsoft Windows through Steam and the Xbox 360 through Xbox Live Arcade. The game was developed by Naked Sky Entertainment and released on November 7, 2006. It was the first Unreal Engine 3 game alongside Gears of War to be released.
Plot
Blitz is a technician robot tasked with the maintenance of an orbital space cannon when it comes under attack from NEOD forces. The game does not feature a detailed plot or background. Instead the focus is on task completion with the assistance of another un-named and incapacitated robot similar to Blitz.
Gameplay
The player controls a robot who must navigate through six three part sectors to power up an orbital space cannon. Each sector has a multitude of enemies and a singular physics based puzzle per stage, as well as 'upgradium' pickups that can be used to expand Blitz' utilities, movement, and weaponry. Blitz can jump and interact with machines and elevators. It is able to grab objects likes barrels, carry them and use them to crush enemies as well as use weapons to shoot various enemies. Players can choose a more difficult game mode which when completed, gives access to bonus content.
Development
RoboBlitz uses a middleware tool developed by Allegorithmic to store its textures procedurally. This technique is used to make the game file size smaller, the actual game is less than 50 megabytes on Xbox Live.
Reception
RoboBlitz was met with critical acclaim and has received several awards and honors. The game was nominated for the 2007 Independent Games Festival for both the Seumas McNally Grand Prize and Excellence in Visual Art awards. The game was the Grand Prize winner for the 2007 Indie Games Showcase, a winner of the GameTap Indie Award, and "Best Digital Download Game of the Year" by Play Magazine.
Gallery
References
External links
RoboBlitz official website
Postmortem: Naked Sky Entertainment's RoboBlitz
2006 video games
Independent Games Festival winners
Indie video games
Fictional robots
Microsoft games
Video games about robots
Science fiction video games
Unreal Engine games
Windows games
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
3D platform games
Video games using procedural generation
Video games developed in the United States
Afonovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 147 as of 2002. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Afonovskaya is located 10 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Bovytinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Royal Grenada Police Force (RGPF) is responsible for law enforcement in Grenada. The RGPF enforces criminal, immigration, and maritime laws. It is also held responsible for seaport security and fire services. With 15 police stations and 900 staff members, the force responds to over 15,000 crimes and incidents per year. The Royal Grenada Police Force also has a paramilitary force for national defense.
It consists of 650 members, which includes an 80-member special services unit, a 30-member coast guard and an Immigration and Passport Department.
History
The RGPF dates back to 1853. In 1854, the RGPF was based at Fort George. During the brief revolutionary era in the early 80s, the RGPF was known simply as the Grenada Police Service. During this period, the police lost virtually all of its authority and was forced to delegate many of its powers with the newly formed People's Revolutionary Army. Its headquarters under the leadership of Prime Minister Maurice Bishop was moved from Fort George (renamed by that time to Fort Rupert) to Melville Street on 24 May 1979.
The name was reverted and the police headquarters returned to Fort George following on 25 October 1983 following the military coup that was led by General Hudson Austin and the United States invasion of Grenada. Prior to 1984, officers recruited into the force were trained at the Regional Police Training Centre in Barbados. Between the 1905–1907, the National Band of Grenada was established in the RGPF as a drum and Bugle Corps. It was then called the Government Band, which comprised volunteers including tradesmen.
On 1 August 1967, the band was renamed RGPF band having Mr. Switch De Couteau as its first Inspector of Police as bandmaster.
Former commissioners
Stephen Bascombe (1969-1970)
R. King (1970-1971)
Rugent David (1971)
R.L. Barrow (1971-1973)
Nugent David (1973-1974)
Osbert James (1974-1975)
J. Usen (1975-1976)
Osbert James (1976)
Adonis Francis (1976)
Osbert James (1976-1978)
Anthony Bernard (1978)
Osbert James (1978-1979)
Raphael Stanislaus (1979)
James Clarkson (1979-1981)
A. B. Bernar (1981)
Major Ian St. Bernard (1981)
Major Patrick McLeish (1981-1983)
Fitzroy Bedeau (1995-2005)
See also
Mongoose Gang, a quasi-independent branch which operated from 1967 to 1979 under the control of Sir Eric Gairy, the Premier and later Prime Minister of Grenada, and head of the Grenada United Labour Party.
Notes
External links
Government of Grenada
Grenada
Víctorino Beristain (born 3 December 1956) is a Mexican water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Mexican male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Mexico
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 1977 Detroit Tigers finished in fourth place in the American League East with a record of 74–88, 26 games behind the New York Yankees. They were outscored by their opponents 751 to 714. The Tigers drew 1,359,856 fans to Tiger Stadium in 1977, ranking 7th of the 14 teams in the American League.
Offseason
February 23, 1977: Tito Fuentes was signed as a free agent by the Tigers.
Regular season
With 212 hits, 100 runs scored, and a .325 batting average, center fielder Ron LeFlore was the team's most valuable player, and the recipient of the "Tiger of the Year" award. First baseman Jason Thompson led the team with 31 home runs and 105 RBIs, and second baseman Tito Fuentes was the team's only other .300 hitter, with a .309 batting average and 190 hits. Designated hitter Rusty Staub also had a .278 batting average, 173 hits, 22 home runs, and 101 RBIs. Rookie Steve Kemp (the first pick in the 1976 amateur draft) hit .257 with 18 home runs and 88 RBIs.
The rookie sensation of 1976, Mark Fidrych pitched in 1977 (2.89 ERA), but tendinitis limited "The Bird" to 11 games. The pitching star of 1977 for Detroit was rookie Dave Rozema who went 15–7 with a 3.09 ERA and finished eight in the American League Cy Young Award voting.
1977 also saw the debut of Steve Kemp (debut April 7, 1977), Dave Rozema (debut April 11, 1977), Jack Morris (debut July 26, 1977), Lance Parrish (debut September 5, 1977), Alan Trammell (debut September 9, 1977), and Lou Whitaker (debut September 9, 1977).
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
April 12, 1977: Willie Horton was traded by the Tigers to the Texas Rangers for Steve Foucault.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; GF = Games finished; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Awards and honors
Award winners
Ron LeFlore
Tiger of the Year Award from the Detroit baseball writers
Finished 20th in AL MVP voting
Dave Rozema
Finished 8th in the AL Cy Young Award voting
Jason Thompson
Finished 21st in AL MVP voting
All-Stars
Jason Thompson, reserve
League top ten finishers
Fernando Arroyo
#4 in AL in losses (18)
Mark Fidrych
AL All Star Team, pitcher
Tito Fuentes
AL leader in innings played at second base (1327)
AL leader in putouts at second base (379)
AL leader in double plays at second base (115)
AL leader in errors at second base (26)
AL leader in complete games at second base (144)
#2 in AL in singles (156)
#8 in AL in hits (190)
#8 in AL in triples (10)
#9 in AL in sacrifice hits (13)
Steve Kemp
AL leader in games in left field (148)
AL leader in complete games in left field (146)
AL leader in innings played in left field (1316)
Ron LeFlore
AL leader in assists by a center fielder (12)
#2 in AL in hits (212)
#2 in AL in singles (156)
#2 in AL in at bats (652)
#2 in AL in singles (156)
#2 in AL in times caught stealing (19)
#4 in AL in plate appearances (698)
#4 in AL in strikeouts (121) (tied with Tito Fuentes)
#5 in AL in batting average (.325)
#5 in AL in stolen bases (39)
#5 in AL in total bases (310)
#6 in AL in Power/Speed Number (22.7)
#8 in AL in triples (10)
#8 in AL in times on base (253)
#9 in AL in runs scored (100)
#9 in AL in outs (475)
#10 in AL in runs created (110)
Dave Rozema
AL leader in bases on balls per 9 innings pitched (1.40)
#5 in AL in Adjusted ERA+ (138)
#6 in AL in strikeout to walk ratio (2.71)
#7 in AL in ERA (3.09)
#8 in AL in complete games (16)
#9 in AL in win percentage (.682)
Rusty Staub
#1 in AL in times grounded into double plays (27)
#2 in AL in outs (490)
#3 in AL in sacrifice flies (10)
#5 in AL in plate appearances (695)
#7 in AL in at bats per strikeout (13.3)
#8 in AL in doubles (34)
Jason Thompson
#6 in AL in home runs (31)
#6 in AL in sacrifice flies (9)
#8 in AL in RBIs (105)
Alan Trammell
Youngest player in the AL (19)
Players ranking among top 100 all time at position
The following members of the 1977 Detroit Tigers are among the Top 100 of all time at their position, as ranked by The Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract in 2001:
Lance Parrish: 19th best catcher of all time (played 12 games as a rookie)
Lou Whitaker: 13th best second baseman of all time (played 11 games as a rookie)
Alan Trammell: 9th best shortstop of all time (played 19 games as a rookie)
Aurelio Rodríguez: 91st best third baseman of all time
Ron LeFlore: 80th best center fielder of all time
Ben Oglivie: 64th best left fielder of all time
Willie Horton: 55th best left fielder of all time (played one game for 1977 Tigers)
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Montgomery, Lakeland, Bristol
References
External links
1977 Detroit Tigers Regular Season Statistics
Detroit Tigers seasons
Detroit Tigers season
Detroit Tiger
1977 in Detroit
Esraa Ali Abdul Hussein Kadhim Aljubouri (; born November 17, 1995), better known as Esraa Alaseel (), is an Iraqi singer-songwriter, best known for her songs "Abu Elbanat" and "Matseer Ilak Kul Chara".
Early life
Alaseel was born in Amman, Jordan. Her father was the Iraqi musician, singer, and songwriter Ali Alaseel, and her mother is from Jordanian-Palestinian descent.
References
Iraqi actresses
Iraqi actors
Iraqi film actresses
Iraqi television actresses
1995 births
Iraqi people of Palestinian descent
Iraqi people of Jordanian descent
Living people
People from Amman
21st-century Iraqi women singers
Rotana Records artists
Velike Žablje () is a village on the southern edge of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name
The name Velike Žablje literally means 'big Žablje', contrasting with neighboring Male Žablje (literally, 'little Žablje'). Like related toponyms (e.g., Žabnica, Žabče, and Žablje), the name is derived from the Slovene common noun žaba 'frog', referring to a settlement near a wetland where frogs live.
Church
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Florian and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
References
External links
Velike Žablje at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Ajdovščina
Presenilin-2 is a protein that (in humans) is encoded by the PSEN2 gene.
Function
Alzheimer's disease (AD) patients with an inherited form of the disease carry mutations in the presenilin proteins (PSEN1; PSEN2) or the amyloid precursor protein (APP). These disease-linked mutations result in increased production of the longer form of amyloid-beta (main component of amyloid deposits found in AD brains). Presenilins are postulated to regulate APP processing through their effects on gamma-secretase, an enzyme that cleaves APP. Also, it is thought that the presenilins are involved in the cleavage of the Notch receptor, such that they either directly regulate gamma-secretase activity or themselves are protease enzymes. Two alternative transcripts of PSEN2 have been identified.
In melanocytic cells PSEN2 gene expression may be regulated by MITF.
Interactions
PSEN2 has been shown to interact with:
BCL2-like 1,
CAPN1,
CIB1,
Calsenilin,
FHL2,
FLNB,
KCNIP4,
Nicastrin, and
UBQLN1.
References
Further reading
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Early-Onset Familial Alzheimer Disease
The 2001–02 Slovak Extraliga season was the ninth season of the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of ice hockey in Slovakia. 10 teams participated in the league, and HC Slovan Bratislava won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
HKm Zvolen - MsHK Žilina 4:0 (3 : 0, 6 : 2, 3:0, 5:2)
HC Slovan Bratislava - MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš 4:3 (4 : 2, 3 : 4 OT, 2:1, 2:3 OT, 5 : 2, 1:4, 7 : 1)
HC Košice – HK 36 Skalica 4:1 (5 : 2, 6 : 0, 1:5, 3:1, 4 : 1)
ŠKP PS Poprad - Dukla Trenčín 4:1 (2 : 3 OT, 6 : 0, 3:1, 3:2 OT, 3 : 2)
Semifinals
HKm Zvolen - HK ŠKP Poprad 4:0 (5 : 2, 6 : 1, 3:1, 4:1)
HC Slovan Bratislava - HC Košice 4:2 (2 : 1, 4 : 2, 2:4, 1:2, 4 : 3 OT, 5:1)
Final
HKm Zvolen - HC Slovan Bratislava 2:4 (3 : 4, 3 : 6, 3:1, 2:3 OT 8 : 1, 1:4)
Relegation
MHC Nitra - HK Spišská Nová Ves 2:4 (1:3, 4:1, 5:6 SO, 1:5, 3:2, 1:7)
External links
Slovak Ice Hockey Federation
Slovak Extraliga seasons
2001–02 in European ice hockey leagues
Slovak
Viktoriya Gurova-Valyukevich (, née , Gurova; born 22 May 1982) is a Russian triple jumper.
Career
She won the silver medal at the 2003 Summer Universiade, the gold medal at the 2005 European Indoor Championships and finished tenth at the 2005 World Championships. She also competed at the 2004 Olympic Games without reaching the finals. In 2008, she reached the Olympic final, finishing in 7th. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she reached the final of the triple jump, finishing in 8th position. On 30 March 2017, she was disqualified, and her 2012 Olympics results were annulled, after her second probe came positive for banned substances.
Her personal best jump is 14.85 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Kazan. The Russian record is currently held by Tatyana Lebedeva with 15.34 metres.
She is married to Slovak triple jumper Dmitrij Vaľukevič.
Achievements
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Russian female triple jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Russia
Doping cases in athletics
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Sportspeople from Sochi
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
The urea breath test is a rapid diagnostic procedure used to identify infections by Helicobacter pylori, a spiral bacterium implicated in gastritis, gastric ulcer, and peptic ulcer disease. It is based upon the ability of H. pylori to convert urea to ammonia and carbon dioxide. Urea breath tests are recommended in leading society guidelines as a preferred non-invasive choice for detecting H. pylori before and after treatment.
Principles and mechanism
Patients swallow urea labelled with an uncommon isotope, either radioactive carbon-14 or non-radioactive carbon-13. In the subsequent 10–30 minutes, the detection of isotope-labelled carbon dioxide in exhaled breath indicates that the urea was split; this indicates that urease (the enzyme that H. pylori uses to metabolize urea) is present in the stomach, and hence that H. pylori bacteria are present.
For the two different forms of urea, different instrumentation is required. Carbon-14 is normally measured by scintillation, whereas carbon-13 can be detected by isotope ratio mass spectrometry or by mass correlation spectrometry. For each of these methods, a baseline breath sample is required before taking the isotope-labeled urea, for comparison with the post-urea sample, with a 20- to 30-minute duration between them. Samples may be sent to a reference laboratory for analysis. Alternatively, mass correlation spectrometry can be performed as an office-based test since breath samples are continuously collected, and results are provided immediately within minutes.
The difference between the pre- and post-urea measurements is used to determine infection. This value is compared to a cut-off value. Results below the value are assumed to be negative, those above positive. The cut-off value itself is determined by comparing the results of patients with two or more different detection methods. The value is chosen that gives the best combination of sensitivity and specificity. Both carbon-14 and carbon-13 urea breath tests have high sensitivity and specificity, though the carbon-13 test is preferred in certain populations due to its non-radioactive nature.
The test measures active H. pylori infection. If antibiotics are depressing the amount of H. pylori present, or the stomach conditions are less acidic than normal, the amount of urease present will be lessened.
Accordingly, the test should only be performed 14 days after stopping acid reducing medication (proton pump inhibitors, PPI) or 28 days after stopping antibiotic treatment. Some clinicians believe that a reservoir of H. pylori in dental plaque can affect the result.
See also
Rapid urease test (done on biopsy specimens after upper endoscopy)
Breath test
References
External links
Typical testing procedure
Breath tests
Digestive system procedures
Helicobacter pylori
Blanche A. Wilson House, also known as Centennial House, is a historic house in Aurora, Colorado that now serves as a museum. It is open for tour by the Aurora Historical Society on the second Sunday of the month in the summer season.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Adams County, Colorado
References
External links
Aurora History Museum Education Programs - includes Centennial House tours
Historic Sites: Centennial House - Aurora Historical Society
National Register of Historical Places
Houses in Aurora, Colorado
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Museums in Aurora, Colorado
Historic house museums in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Arapahoe County, Colorado
Ragged Soul is an album by the American punk rock band Lazy Cowgirls, released in 1995. It was the band's first full studio album in five years.
The band supported the album by touring with Cosmic Psychos.
Production
The album was produced by the band and Earle Mankey. Longtime members Pat Todd and Doug Phillips were joined by Leonard Keringer, Ed Huerta, and Michael Leigh.
Critical reception
Trouser Press deemed Ragged Soul the band's masterpiece, writing that "this wonderful blast boasts cleaner, more dynamic sound without sacrificing any of the rough'n'ready urgency." The Chicago Reader thought that "their amped-up take on rock's traditional bluster combines Pat Todd's consistently soulful singing with a muscular, corn-fed instrumental assault and melodies that get lodged in your head without losing any power." The Columbus Dispatch declared that "Ragged Soul is a thrilling, sweaty, aggressive, pretty (yes, pretty) collection of 14 songs that will remind you of the best of the Ramones, Graham Parker and the Rolling Stones without even a hint of nostalgia."
The Chicago Tribune determined that "while the sort of music heard on Ragged Soul has been done countless times before, this middle-aged, all-male quintet understands that it's not so much what is played, but how." The Wisconsin State Journal noted that "the album's lead track, 'I Can't Be Satisfied', sums up its 13 punk-rock successors nicely: It's urgent, speedy, bloody, explosive and hungry—yet strangely accessible, in a primal sort of way." The Daily Herald concluded that "the music is as uncompromising as ever, though vocalist Pat Todd's thoughtful lyrics adds additional appeal beyond your standard moshpit music."
AllMusic wrote: "Tough, furious, loud and proud—Ragged Soul is roots-smart old-school punk at its finest." Alternative Press included the album on its 2021 list of the 15 best punk albums of 1995.
Track listing
References
1995 albums
Crypt Records albums
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1961:.
1961
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1961 at HKcinemamagic.com
1961
Lists of 1961 films by country or language
Films
Slobozia is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Nigrișoara and Slobozia.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Cyrus Mark (June 3, 1900 – February 8, 1983) was a prominent early advocate of nature conservancy in the state of Illinois. Mark served as the first Executive Director of the Illinois chapter of The Nature Conservancy. He was instrumental in the first Nature Conservancy acquisition in the Chicago area; Volo Bog. In 1958, Mark, along with George Fell, the first president of the Nature Conservancy, negotiated the purchase of Volo Bog by The Nature Conservancy.
Mark, botanist Dr. Margery Carlson, the secretary of the Illinois chapter of The Nature Conservancy, and many others raised almost 1300 contributions from organizations and individuals (including teachers and students) to cover the cost of the acquisition. This was the first time in the chapter's history that there was an appeal to the public for help in raising funds. Mark employed many strategies in his fund-raising efforts from emphasizing the scientific and educational values of the land, to pointing out that contributions were tax-deductible. After its purchase by the Nature Conservancy, Volo Bog was conveyed to the University of Illinois and then to the State of Illinois for protection.
Biography
Mark was the son of Clayton Mark, one of the pioneer makers of steel pipe in the United States and the founder of Marktown, a planned worker community listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Cyrus Mark was educated at Yale University and the University of Iowa. In 1923 he began work at Clayton Mark & Co. as an assistant treasurer. He held various positions including plant manager, vice president, and became president, general manager and director in 1943. Cyrus retired as president in 1963. Cyrus always had an interest in birds and conservation. He was also the chairman of the Illinois Nature Conservancy and a director of the national Nature Conservancy.
References
1938 births
American conservationists
1983 deaths
Kardamili (, variously transliterated as Kardamyle, Cardamyle, Kardhamili, and Kardamyli, and sometimes called "Skardamoula", especially on old maps) is a town by the sea thirty-five kilometers southeast of Kalamata, Greece. It is the seat of the municipality of Lefktro in the region of Messenia on the Mani Peninsula.
In the Iliad (Book 9 ), Homer cites Kardamili as one of the seven cities offered by Agamemnon to Achilles as a condition to rejoin the fight during the Trojan War. The village preserves its ancient name.
The area is filled with beaches: Ritsa, Belogianni, Salio, Tikla, Amoni, Santava. The older town includes a mediaeval castle and outworks, and the imposing church of Saint Spyridon. Many of the buildings of Old Kardamili, also known as "Pano Kardamili", or "Upper Kardamili" were built by the Venetians and feature a mix of traditional Greek and Venetian design. The skyline of Kardamyli, like many other Maniot towns and villages, is dominated by the distinctive regional architectural of the various towers built by scions of the Nikliani clans, the mediaeval aristocracy of the Mani.
Kardamyli is the departure point of many mountain trails, some of which lead to the peak of Mount Taygetus. Kardamili is known in the area for having an especially good view of Mount Taygetus, known locally as the "Profitis Ilias", literally translating to "Prophet Elias". Nearby is the Viros Gorge, with a total length of 20 km. The Viros Gorge remains bone dry in summer, however it is known to flood heavily in winter, when snow melts on the mountains and rain falls in heavy downpours. Further afield, one may visit Oitylo, Areopoli and the Diros caverns.
The village of Kalamitsi, just outside Kardamili was, in his later years, the principal home of Patrick Leigh Fermor and his wife Joan. Patrick was an English writer who was made an honorary citizen of the village for his participation in the Greek Resistance during World War II, especially in Crete. He died in hospital in 2011 the day after returning to his other home in Dumbleton in England.
The ashes of the writer Bruce Chatwin were scattered near a Byzantine chapel above the village in 1989.
Climate
Kardamili, like much of Greece, experiences a very mild, subtropical Mediterranean climate, with hot, dry summers and cool, wet winters. Snow is almost unknown in the town itself, only falling a few times per century. Snow is, however, common in the mountains above Kardamili, with the Profitis Ilias typically remaining snow capped until early June. Winter rainfall in the area is often heavy, with spectacular flooding in the Viros gorge occurring every few years. In summer, by contrast, rain is scarce. Summer thunderstorms are exceptionally rare, bringing short, heavy downpours. Summertime temperatures usually range around 90–95°F (32–35°C), but heat waves with temperatures above 100°F (38°C) are common. The cooling Meltemi wind which blows across much of Greece is largely blocked by the mountains of the area, resulting in unusually calm seas which are often lake-like in the morning, before the sea breeze kicks up. Spring and Fall are warm to cool with changeable weather. Heavy hailstorms are known to strike the area in early spring and mid fall, sometimes causing damage to the local olive crop, as the olives or flowers are knocked out of their trees by falling hailstones.
Global warming and climate change are especially felt in the area, with summers becoming more tropical – featuring higher humidity with occasional afternoon thunderstorms and warmer nights. Winters are becoming warmer and drier. Due to these climatic changes, tropical plants such as mango, avocado, lychee, and plumeria are becoming a more common sight in the area, giving the town an exotic and lush feel. At night, the town often smells of these new tropical flowers and jasmine, as well as eucalyptus, as light mountain breezes blow the smells through the town.
The following is climate data for nearby Kalamata. It is important to note that winter low temperatures tend to be a bit higher than those of Kalamata as the Taygetos block much of the northerly winds which bring cold air down from the rest of Europe.
Geography
Kardamili sits at the foot of the Taygetus mountains on the coast of the Messenian Bay. Much of the town sits on the remnants of a prehistoric lava flow, the remains of which can be seen as the lava rock outcrops which separate many of the local beaches from one another. The local beaches stand out from those in other areas of the world for the remarkably round stones of which they are made up. Nowhere else in the world is it possible to find smooth, often spherical stones on a beach, and the phenomenon has been subject to multiple studies done to find the cause of such a unique occurrence. The nearest places are Kampos to the North and Proastio to the southeast.
History
Kardamili is one of the oldest settlements in the Peloponnese, with its current name being mentioned in the Iliad, the epic poem by ancient Greek writer Homer. Many of the townspeople can trace their lineage back to either famed clans of the area (as in the Mourtzinos and Troupakis clans), or the Byzantine Emperor Constantine Palaiologos, one of whose descendants (Dimitri Palaiologos) settled in the region. The descendants of Dimitris Palaiologos typically have the last name "Dimitreas", meaning "son of Dimitri'.
Historical sites
The buildings of Pano Kardamili, dating back to Venetian times.
The church of St. Spyridon.
The tombs of the Dioskouri, Castor and Pollux (the Gemini twins) are believed to be near a hiking trail just above the old town.
The ruins of the old soap factory, the smokestack of which still dominates the town's skyline.
The old customs house, in St. John's harbor.
Gallery
References
External links
https://www.kardamili-greece.com/ Official website
http://www.zorbas.de/webcam/ekardamyli.php Webcam view above the old harbour
Populated places in Messenia
Populated places in the Mani Peninsula
John Blakeney (c. 1729 – 25 July 1789) was an Irish soldier.
He was son of John Blakeney and Grace Perrse, grandson of Robert Blakeney, brother of Robert Blakeney, Theophilus Blakeney and William Blakeney, and uncle of John Blakeney and Edward Blakeney.
As a soldier John Blakeney fought in the Battle of Culloden, the Battle of Matinico and the siege of Havana and reached the rank of Colonel.
He represented Athenry in the Irish House of Commons from 1763 to his death.
He was High Sheriff of County Galway for 1768.
He died unmarried.
External Links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090601105535/http://www.leighrayment.com/commons/irelandcommons.htm
http://thepeerage.com/p27666.htm#i276657
1720s births
1789 deaths
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
Irish MPs 1761–1768
Irish MPs 1769–1776
Irish MPs 1776–1783
Irish MPs 1783–1790
High Sheriffs of County Galway
Politicians from County Galway
27th Regiment of Foot officers
British Army personnel of the Jacobite rising of 1745
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Galway constituencies
is an on-rail 3D shoot-'em-up produced by Konami that was released for the Family Computer Disk System in 1987. It is one of the few games compatible with the Famicom 3D System peripheral.
Plot
The game's background story is only explained through the user manual. In the game's universe, humanity has colonized most planets in our galaxy, the Milky Way, and they now look towards expanding their reach by using an experimental travel technology called "Hyperzone Drive". However, a race of aliens who have already mastered that technology are currently invading planets at a quick pace, closing in on the Solar System. The invaders attack humanity's colony on Pluto and conquer it with little resistance, since human civilization doesn't have the technology to defend itself.
The human organization responsible for the space program, the "United Space Force", decides to use the yet-untested "Hyperzone Drive" in order to send ships that will directly attack the armies of the invading aliens. However, the new technology proves hard to control, and only one of the ships manages to survive the trip: the protagonist's ship, named Falsion. The story of the game itself deals with the Falsion'''s attack on the alien forces, and its eventual victory over the alien mothership, called "Gigantos", which serves as the game's final boss.
Gameplay
The game is a shoot 'em up in which the player controls the movements of a flying spaceship, called the Falsion, while simultaneously shooting enemy ships and trying to avoid their attacks. The goal of the game is to survive to the end of the auto-scrolling levels and defeat the boss to move on to the next level, until the sixth and final boss is defeated.
In a manner that has been compared to games like Space Harrier and Star Fox, the player's perspective is from the third person, behind the spaceship, as it goes forward. Enemies, projectiles and obstacles seem to fly towards the spaceship. Enemies can be attacked by shooting a rapid-firing beam weapon or homing missiles, although there is a limited supply of the latter. Randomly appearing power-ups which float around the screen for a limited time can also be collected by the player, and they either increase the ship's movement speed or replenish its missile supply. To survive, the player must avoid getting hit by enemies and obstacles or their attacks. The player can also destroy these enemies, which include other spaceships, meteorites and robots.
Reception and legacy
The game received mixed reviews. Atari HQ praised Falsion's fluidity and called its 3D mode a great experience, saying the game is a "must-get". Another reviewer found the depth perception confusing and while they praised the game's music and said this was the best Famicom 3D System title, it remained "a pain to play".
Despite the similarity in name, the "Falchion β" ship in Gradius Gaiden'' is not based on the "Falsion" ship featured in this game.
References
1987 video games
Gradius video games
Famicom Disk System games
Famicom Disk System-only games
Japan-exclusive video games
Konami games
Video games developed in Japan
Kavindu Kulasekara (born 20 August 1995) is a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer. He was part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Kandy District cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
A service data point is the node in the IN GSM which is responsible for providing subscriber information. A GSM network element that needs information about subscriber will interrogate the SDP about such information.
The operator has to define all the rate plans in SDP. The SDP is being interrogated on a periodical interval to evaluate the validity of the current call by the subscriber. The validity is being measured according to several criteria:
The subscriber balance covers the charge of the service being requested by him/her.
The subscriber is eligible to use the service according to his rate plan.
Network architecture
Live at Royal Festival Hall is an album by Neil Sedaka with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra was released on the Polydor Records label in 1974. It was recorded on February 2, 1974, at the Royal Festival Hall in London.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Neil Sedaka and Howard Greenfield; except where indicated
"I'm a Song, Sing Me"
"The Other Side of Me"
"Solitaire" (Neil Sedaka, Phil Cody)
"For the Good Of the Cause"
"Let Daddy Know"
"Laughter in the Rain" (Neil Sedaka, Phil Cody)
"Our Last Song Together"
"Medley: Oh Carol, Stairway to Heaven, Little Devil, Happy Birthday Sweet Sixteen, Breaking Up Is Hard To Do, Next Door To An Angel, Calendar Girl"
"Going Nowhere" (Neil Sedaka, Phil Cody)
"That's When the Music Takes Me" (Neil Sedaka, Phil Cody)
Personnel
Neil Sedaka - vocals
Andy Summers - guitar
Dave Wintour - bass
Mike Giles - drums
Dave McRae - electric piano
Jacquie Sullivan, Joy Yates, Suzanne Lynch - background vocals
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra
CD Re-issue
In 1992, Polydor reissued this album on CD in the United Kingdom.
Neil Sedaka albums
1974 live albums
Albums recorded at the Royal Festival Hall
Polydor Records live albums
Royal Philharmonic Orchestra albums
John David Eddy (born 1944) is a retired badminton player from England who won national and international titles from the late 1960s to the early 1980s.
Career
Eddy represented England and won a bronze medal in the mixed doubles, at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland. Eight years later he was part of the team that won the gold medal in the new team event, at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton, Canada.
Though a highly competent singles player, the crisp hitting Eddy's greatest success came in doubles. He won the gold medal at the 1968 European Badminton Championships in men's doubles with Robert Powell. Two years later he also won the gold medal at the 1970 European Badminton Championships in mixed doubles partnered by Susan Whetnall with whom he shared the All-England mixed doubles title in 1974. Eddy and Powell were men's doubles runners-up at the All-Englands in both 1969 and 1970. Eddy and Eddy Sutton won men's doubles at the Danish Open in 1975, the only English team to do so since the 1930s. He compiled an impressive winning record on four successive English Thomas Cups (men's international) teams between 1969 and 1979.
He represented Staffordshire at county level.
References
English male badminton players
Badminton players at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Badminton players at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Living people
Commonwealth Games medallists in badminton
1944 births
Bobby Love is an American fashion designer known primarily for creating designs in the genre known as fantasy couture. Love has identified Salvador Dalí, Alphonse Mucha, and the Art Deco master Erté as major inspirations for his style, and the mechanical parrots which appear in his sets are named "Erté" in his honor.
Biography
Love was born in Hong Kong and grew up in Singapore before moving to the United States to enroll as a student at Chapman University, a private university in Orange, California, at the age of 16. Following this, he earned two master's degrees— one in business administration and another in psychology— from the University of Southern California. His first employment was as a graveyard shift worker at a psychiatric hospital, a job he held for three years.
Love began sketching fashion designs at 14, and became involved in the fashion industry of Hollywood, California after moving there at the age of 20. His designs are usually presented as "suites" that are recorded in professional photographs— these are vignettes including head dresses, costumes, and jewelry that derive from a specific fantasy theme supported by set backgrounds, props, flamboyant costumes, and sometimes other models as well as Mr. Love himself. Love has worn these costumes at fantasy-themed events on the American West Coast, including the Edwardian Ball, Vampire Ball, Labyrinth of Jareth Masquerade Ball, and the Renaissance Pleasure Faire of Southern California, and has changed costumes and props multiple times during some of them. He assembles between 30 and 40 costume suites per year.
His works were featured in the 2016 Avant Garde Magazine runway show, the 2016 and 2018 Los Angeles Fashion Week and Metropolitan Fashion Week events held in Los Angeles, California, and he was given a "Certificate of Recognition" by the mayor of the City of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti, for his contribution to fashion industry at the 2018 event.
He has appeared twice on the cover of AVANT GARDE Magazine, with the magazine's November 2018 issue being dedicated to him as a "special designer".
Love engages as a designer only as a hobby, and derives no income from it. He curates all of his designs in a private collection with the intent of donating it to American art museums to make them accessible to future designers and artists.
Gallery
References
American fashion designers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Live Parc des Princes Paris (2008) is Mika's second live DVD. It is a one-off stadium show with a crowd of 55,000 recorded at Paris on 4 July 2008.
The DVD also features a documentary following the initial idea of the show through to the production.
In Bonus Features it includes the music video for the song "Lollipop", a live performance of "Grace Kelly" and the making-of the design and others in the show.
Track listing
Release and DVD information
The DVD was released on 10 November 2008 in the UK and Europe and 16 December 2008 in the USA. . The DVD was available for pre-order since 21 October in several online stores. The official release date was confirmed on Mika's online blog; There he gave the cover and the video preview that can be seen on YouTube.
It has been released on DVD in a standard case with a small booklet of art and photos and on Deluxe DVD with a hard cover and larger booklet of photos and artwork. It has also been released on Blu-ray, not like Mika's first video album which was only released in DVD.
The DVD was set to have two live presentations from the V Festival, but after the DVD was officially released no performances from the V Festival were included. The DVD also has subtitles of the concert in several languages including Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese and German.
References
External links
Mika (singer) video albums
2008 albums
Concert films
Warner Records live albums
Warner Records video albums
Island Records live albums
Island Records video albums
Universal Records live albums
Universal Records video albums
Festival Records live albums
Festival Records video albums
Live video albums
2008 live albums
2008 video albums
C. aurantiaca may refer to:
Caladenia aurantiaca, an orchidoid orchid
Callosamia aurantiaca, an American moth
Caloplaca aurantiaca, a lichen found in the United States
Caloptilia aurantiaca, a leaf miner
Canna aurantiaca, a garden plant
Caragana aurantiaca, a flowering plant
Catocala aurantiaca, an owlet moth
Cattleya aurantiaca, an epiphytic orchid
Chrysomphalina aurantiaca, a gilled mushroom
Coccinia aurantiaca, a scarlet gourd
Coenyra aurantiaca, a brush-footed butterfly
Cronia aurantiaca, a sea snail
Curcuma aurantiaca, a flowering plant
Natalie Nicholson (born March 10, 1976 in Bemidji, Minnesota as Natalie Simenson) is an American curler. She is currently the coach of the Tabitha Peterson rink.
Career
As a junior curler, Nicholson played second for Risa O'Connell and represented Team USA at the 1995 and 1997 World Junior Curling Championships finishing sixth and fourth respectively.
In 2000, Nicholson curled in her first World Curling Championships playing lead for Amy Wright and finished in sixth place. Nicholson returned to the Worlds in 2002 as Patti Lank's lead and finished in eighth place. They returned in 2004 finishing in fourth place.
Nicholson would later move to play for Debbie McCormick's team and in 2006 Nicholson won her first international medal- a silver when USA lost to Sweden (skipped by Anette Norberg).
Personal life
Nicholson is employed as a family nurse practitioner and lactation counselor. Nicholson is married and has two children.
Teams
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
People from Bemidji, Minnesota
Olympic curlers of the United States
Curlers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
American female curlers
Continental Cup of Curling participants
American curling champions
American curling coaches
21st-century American women
Nikolay Davydenko was the defender of championship title; however, he lost to Andrey Golubev in the third round.
Unseeded Golubev, the biggest surprise of this tournament, won in the final 6–3, 7–5, against Jürgen Melzer.
Seeds
All seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Lucky losers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Singles
Singles
Saint Basil Academy was a private, Ukrainian Catholic, all-girls high school in Jenkintown, Pennsylvania. It is located in the Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Philadelphia and also within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia. Saint Basil Academy was established in 1931 by the Sisters of Saint Basil. On October 8, 2020, Saint Basil Academy announced that it will close its doors at the end of the 2020-2021 school year. The last class graduated on June 3, 2021.
History
In the early part of the 20th century, the Sisters of Saint Basil came to the United States. In 1911, the Sisters came to Philadelphia at the invitation of His Excellency, the Most Reverend Soter Ortynsky, OSBM, who was the first Ukrainian Catholic Ordinary in America.
For the first few decades, the Sisters expanded their talents to the education of grade school children in the orphanage and parishes, but during these years, they did not forget the idea of a Catholic high school for girls. Saint Basil Academy, a convent boarding school for girls, began on July 19, 1931 in the classrooms of the newly constructed convent building dedicated only a day earlier.
Space and limited facilities on the main campus could no longer provide for updated laboratory and library expansion during the oncoming years. In 1968, the administration of the Sisters of Saint Basil the Great, undertook the construction of a new building, capable of housing 400 students.
Program of study
Saint Basil Academy offers academic subjects with an emphasis on preparation for higher learning. Some of the courses are business-oriented and teach skills to those students who are interested in the business and computer fields. Electives are also offered in the fine arts.
Course offerings
Art
Art Appreciation
Art I
Art II
Art III
Business
Keyboarding with Computer Applications
Accounting I
Accounting II
Business Communication
Applied Economics
Desktop Publishing
English Department
Honors English I
English I
Honors English II
English II
Honors American Literature (Honors English III)
American Literature (English III)
Advanced Placement English
British Literature (English IV)
Literary Genres
Journalism
Creative Writing
Language Department
French
French I
French II
French III
French IV
Advanced Placement French Language
Latin
Our Classical Roots
Latin I
Latin II
Latin III
Latin IV
Spanish
Spanish I
Spanish II
Spanish III
Spanish IV
AP Spanish Literature
Ukrainian
Introduction to Ukrainian
Ukrainian I
Ukrainian II
Ukrainian III
Ukrainian IV
Music Department
Classical Piano
Piano Class for Madrigals
Guitar I
Instrumental Ensemble
Madrigals
Theory I
Theory II
Choral Music
Music Appreciation
American Music
AP Music Theory
Glee Club
Ukrainian Singers
Handbells
Health and Physical Education Department
Phys. Ed I
Phys. Ed II
Phys. Ed III
Phys. Ed. IV
Health
Science Department
Geological and Atmospheric Science
Honors Biology
Biology
Honors Chemistry
Chemistry
Environmental Science
Human Anatomy and Physiology
Honor Physics
General Physics
Religious Studies Department
Religion I - The Christian Faith
Religion II - Jesus the Christ
Religion II - Prayer & Sacraments
Religion III - The Church
Christian Morality
Religion IV - Hebrew Scripture
Religion IV - Love & Relationships
Death and Dying
Peace Through Justice
Dating and Sexuality
Social Studies Department
World Cultures
Honors Modern European History
United States History
Advanced Placement United States History
United States Government
Practical Law
AP United States Government and Politics
Psychology and Sociology
History in Film
Culture, Race, and Ethnicity in America
List of principals
Sr. Carla Hernández, OSBM (1986–2012)
Gwenda Coté (2012–2017)
Connie D'Angelo (2017—2021)
References
External links
Catholic secondary schools in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1931
Jenkintown, Pennsylvania
1931 establishments in Pennsylvania
Girls' schools in Pennsylvania
Schools in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
Ukrainian-American culture in Pennsylvania
Ukrainian-American culture in Philadelphia
Eagle Scout is the highest rank attainable in the Scouts BSA program division of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). Since it was first awarded to Arthur Rose Eldred on August 21, 1912, Eagle Scout has been earned by more than two million youth. The list below includes notable recipients.
, requirements include earning at least 21 merit badges and demonstrating Scout Spirit, leadership, and service. The requirements include an Eagle Scout Service Project where the Scout must further demonstrate service and leadership. Eagle Scouts are recognized with a medal and a cloth badge that visibly recognizes the accomplishments of the Scout. Eagle Palms are a further recognition, awarded for completing additional tenure, leadership, and merit badge requirements. Typically adult volunteers who have received the Eagle award as a youth wear a smaller patch depicting a square knot.
The Distinguished Eagle Scout Award (DESA) is bestowed to Eagle Scouts for nationally renowned distinguished service in their profession and to the community for a period of at least 25 years after earning the Eagle Scout rank. Since its introduction in 1969 by the National Eagle Scout Association, the DESA has been awarded to over 2,000 Eagle Scouts.
The NESA Outstanding Eagle Scout Award (NOESA) is bestowed to Eagle Scouts who have distinguished themselves at a local-to-regional level or who have not yet met the 25-year tenure requirement to be considered for a DESA. This award was introduced in 2011.
Eagle Scouts
Indicates recipients of the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award (DESA)
Indicates recipients of the NESA Outstanding Eagle Scout Award (NOESA)
indicates deceased
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
African-American Eagle Scouts
The Boy Scouts did not track the race of scouts who earned the rank of Eagle. For many years it was thought that Edgar Cunningham, who earned his rank in 1926 as a member of Troop 12 in Waterloo, Iowa in what was then Wapsipinicon Area Council, was the first black recipient of the Eagle rank.
In February 2020, it was discovered that Harry Cooper of the Kansas City Council, became an Eagle Scout in September 1920. In the Kansas City Council (now the Heart of America Council) newsletter dated 1920, Harry Cooper of Troop 92 was listed as a new Eagle Scout as of September. The newsletter lists him as the only African American Eagle Scout in Kansas City, one of only ten Eagle Scouts in Kansas City, Missouri at the time.
In March 2020, further research showed that the Eagle Scout court of honor for Hamilton Bradley of the Rome Council, was held on December 19, 1919, in Rome, New York. This makes Bradley the earliest known black Eagle Scout.
Dr. Frank "Tick" Coleman, who earned his Eagle in 1926 is one of the first four known African-American Eagle Scouts.
Incorrectly regarded as an Eagle Scout
These persons, while notable in themselves, are sometimes incorrectly listed as having earned the award:
Henry "Hank" Aaron; retired baseball player and member of the Baseball Hall of Fame. He is a recipient of the Silver Buffalo Award. He is often thought to be an Eagle Scout because of an advertisement he did for the BSA.
Walter Cronkite; anchorman, journalist and commentator.
Henry Fonda; actor and Academy Award winner who was a Scout and Scoutmaster. Incorrectly noted as an Eagle Scout by his daughter.
Harrison Ford; Life Scout and actor who played Indiana Jones, a fictional Life Scout in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. This part was played by River Phoenix in the film, as a younger Indiana Jones.
Bill Gates; Life Scout and co-founder of Microsoft. He is sometimes confused with his father, William H. Gates Sr. who is a Distinguished Eagle Scout.
Jimmy Stewart; Second Class Scout, actor, U.S. Air Force Reserve brigadier general, recipient of the Silver Buffalo Award and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He is often thought to be an Eagle Scout because of an advertisement he did for the BSA.
See also
Fictional Eagle Scouts
List of Alpha Phi Omega members (Alpha Phi Omega is a coed service fraternity based on principles derived from the Boy Scouts)
List of Scouts
Notable Gold Award recipients (the Gold Award is the highest achievement within the Girl Scouts of the USA)
List of the highest awards in Scouting
Notes
References
Lists of award winners
Lists of men
Lists of people involved in Scouting
Dofteana () is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bogata (Bogáta), Cucuieți (Kukujéc), Dofteana, Hăghiac, Larga (Lárga), Seaca and Ștefan Vodă.
At the 2011 census, of the inhabitants for whom data were available, 98.6% were Romanians and 1.3% Roma.
The commune is situated around confluence between the Trotuș and Dofteana rivers. It was first attested in a document of 1436, issued by the hospodar Ștefăniță, who donated to his adviser Babor Plopescu six villages on the Trotuș and Tazlău valleys, one of which was Dofteana, called Dohtana in that period.
References
External links
Dofteana Portal
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Catherine Ouedraogo (born 1 February 1962, in Réo) is a Woman Human Rights Defender. She has run the Fondation Cardinale Emile Biyenda (FOCEB) shelter in Ouagadougou since 2005. The shelter takes in girls aged 12 to 18 who have survived rape, early and forced marriage and unwanted pregnancy. Between 2001 and 2009, the shelter has accommodated at least 209 girls and their 168 children, who were either born there or taken in with their mothers.
Career
Catherine Ouedraogo has worked on environmental protection. She and the shelter she runs (FOCEB), have campaigned alongside Amnesty International for the rights of girls in Burkina Faso, as part of the "My Body, My Rights" campaign, which focused on forced and early marriage and lack of access to contraception.
Awards
She was awarded in 2009 with a Laureates award for her creative innovation in rural life by WWSF.
References
1962 births
Living people
Women human rights activists
Alejandro Poiré Romero (; born January 15, 1971) is a Mexican politician who served as the Secretary of the Interior in the cabinet of Felipe Calderón from 17 November 2011 to 1 December 2012, following the death of Francisco Blake Mora in a helicopter crash on 11 November 2011.
Before his post as the Secretary of the Interior, Poiré served as spokesman of Mexico's national security in the cabinet of Felipe Calderón. He is often regarded as the face and voice of Mexico's strategy against drug trafficking and organized crime. Moreover, Poiré has the task of telling Mexicans—and the world—the government's strategy in the fight against the drug cartels and organized crime in the country's drug war. He has worked in many operatives against organized crime, and he strengthened the security in Tamaulipas. He has published several studies on democratization, public opinion and political parties; in addition, he has lectured in several universities in Mexico, the United States, Latin America and Europe. Most of his work can be read in Reforma, Milenio, Milenio Semanal, Hoja por Hoja, Letras Libres, Cambio, Nexos and other newspapers.
Career
Alejandro Poiré was born in Mexico City in 1971. He holds a bachelor's degree in political science from Mexico's Autonomous Institute of Technology, where he served as head of the department for four years, and a doctoral degree from Harvard University. In addition, while serving as spokesman for Mexico's national security, Poiré serves as the director-general of the Ministry of Public Safety and the CISEN. He has also been a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University, Robert F. Kennedy and John F. Kennedy School of Government in Harvard University, and as director of the Federal Electoral Institute and INEGI, where he helped the realization of the Primera Encuesta Nacional de Cultura Política y Prácticas Ciudadanas. On 26 May 2010, Poiré was named undersecretary of the Office of Population, Migration, and Religious Affairs, and later formed part of the Federal Public Administration.
In 2013, Poiré was named head of the Escuela de Gobierno y Transformación Pública and the Instituto de Administración Pública of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education. He is also a member of the advisory board for the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Center.
See also
List of Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education faculty
References
|-
Living people
People of the Mexican Drug War
Harvard University alumni
Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México alumni
1971 births
Mexican Secretaries of the Interior
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education faculty
This is a list of the individuals who were, at any given time, considered the next in line to succeed the British monarch to inherit the throne of the Kingdom of Great Britain (1707–1800), the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (1801–1922), or the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (1922–present), should the incumbent monarch die or abdicate.
The list commences in 1707 following the Acts of Union, which joined the Kingdoms of England and Scotland (previously separate states, with separate legislatures but with the same monarch) into a single Kingdom of Great Britain. Anne became Queen of England, Scotland and Ireland on 8 March 1702 and Queen of Great Britain from 1707. The 1701 Act of Settlement established Electress Sophia of Hanover as successor to the English throne, and this was extended to Scotland through the Treaty of Union (Article II) and the Acts of Union.
List of heirs
Notes
See also
Succession to the British throne
List of heirs to the English throne
List of heirs to the Scottish throne
Notes
Succession to the British crown
British
British monarchy-related lists
Carenum distinctum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1864.
References
distinctum
Beetles described in 1864
Santa María de Benquerencia, also known as (el) Polígono, is a district (number 3) of Toledo, Spain.
Detached from the city core, it lies to the east of the former, at the left-bank of the Tagus. Its origins trace back to 1964 when the earth moving works intending to build an industrial area started. However, not much after, the first neighbors installed in 1971, eventually also becoming a residential area.
As of 1 January 2018, it has a population of 22,110 inhabitants: 21,911 in the residential area neighborhood (the most populated neighborhood in the municipality) and 199 in the industrial area neighborhood.
References
Toledo, Spain
The Gaiety Theatre was a popular entertainment venue in Melbourne, Australia, which operated from 1880 to 1930, when it became the Roxy movie theatre.
History
The Apollo Hall on Bourke Street east was renovated and reopened for the Australian Comedy and Dramatic Company as the Gaiety Theatre on 12 June 1880 with a performance of David Garrick with Henry Irving in the title role.
The owner of the Gaiety, the Bijou and much other nearby property, was John Alfred Wilson (c. 1833 – 23 September 1915), who had made a fortune in gold mining, and had a wide range of business interests.
Wilson sold much of his Melbourne property to Ben Fuller, who reopened the Gaiety as the Roxy movie theatre in April 1930. He demolished the Roxy and the adjacent Palace Hotel in 1934, but whatever plans he had never eventuated and the site, on the southern side of Bourke Street between Russell and Swanston streets, was sold to the Commonwealth Bank in 1938.
References
History of Melbourne
Former theatres in Melbourne
Demolished buildings and structures in Melbourne
Buildings and structures demolished in 1934
Parliamentary immunity (French: immunité parlementaire) is an aspect of French politics. Members of the Parliament of France enjoy irresponsibility for what they did as parliamentarians, and partial inviolability – that is, severe restrictions for the police or justice to arrest or detain them. Both irresponsibility and inviolability are mandated by article 26 of the Constitution of France.
These dispositions are somewhat controversial, following abuse of such privileges.
Irresponsibility
Members of the Parliament may not be sought, prosecuted, judged or imprisoned for actions that they have accomplished within their duties as parliamentarians. In particular, parliamentarians are immune from prosecution for defamation committed in the exercise of their functions. This includes speeches and votes in public sittings of the assemblies, law proposals, amendments, as well as reports and other actions commissioned by parliamentary instances. This, according to the jurisprudence, does not include interviews on broadcast radio, nor does it include reports commissioned by the executive branch – since such actions are not specific to the duties of a parliamentarian.
For interventions in public sitting, members of parliament are however still subject to the disciplinary rules of their assembly.
There is no way to lift this irresponsibility clause, and the parliamentarian himself or herself cannot renounce it. The termination of the parliamentary term does not allow the prosecution of former parliamentarians for actions committed within their parliamentarian duties.
Inviolability
While members of parliament are not criminally responsible for their actions as parliamentarians, they are, however, responsible for their actions as private citizens. There are, however, strong limitations as to their prosecution.
Members of Parliament may be arrested or otherwise deprived of their freedom, or face restrictions thereof, only with the permission of the desk of their assembly. This authorization is not needed in case of a flagrant felony (e.g. the parliamentarian was caught red-handed) or in case of a definitive condemnation by a court of law. The assembly of which the parliamentarian is a member may oppose any such measure for the duration of the parliamentary session.
Requests for the arrest or detention of a parliamentarian are issued by the general prosecutor of the competent Court of Appeal, sent to the Minister of Justice, who transmits them to the Desk of the relevant assembly. The Desk examines the requests and rules on it; its ruling is published in the Journal Officiel.
Controversy
The topic of parliamentarian immunity is somewhat controversial in France, especially in the context of scandals of corruption or graft involving politicians. Many resent such a mechanism, in which some influential members of society enjoy special rights and are not made accountable for their own actions.
In 2004, Charles Pasqua was voted in as a senator by conservative electors of the Paris region (the Senate is elected by an electoral college). This was denounced by critics, including the Canard Enchaîné, as a way to prevent Pasqua from being prosecuted for various alleged crimes of corruption and misuse of public funds. See corruption scandals in the Paris region.
Likewise, in early 2005, the idea was suggested that former Presidents of France should become senators-for-life, instead of being able to sit in the Constitutional Council. Ostensibly, this idea was a means to solve the problem of such former presidents as Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, who may not have kept to the strict duty of political neutrality in their speech expected from members of the council. This, however, was criticized as a way to provide Jacques Chirac with immunity for related scandals.
References
Politics of France
Legal immunity
Constitutional law of France
French criminal law
French Parliament
Freedom of expression in France
Mr. Dodd Takes the Air is a 1937 American musical comedy film. Composer Harry Warren and lyricist Al Dubin were nominated at the 10th Academy Awards in the category of Best Song for "Remember Me".
Plot summary
A small town electrician becomes a hit singer in New York after being asked to sing for a local radio program. There he gets involved with a gold digger, a thief, an opera singer and a woman he falls in love with. After suffering from bronchitis, he sings in another voice to stay on the air, but then is called a fake.
Cast
Kenny Baker as Claude L. Dodd
Frank McHugh as 'Sniffer' Sears
Alice Brady as Mme. Sonia Moro
Gertrude Michael as Jessica Stafford
Jane Wyman as Marjorie Day
John Eldredge as Jim Lidin
Henry O'Neill as D.M. Gateway
Harry Davenport as Doc Jeremiah George Quinn
Ferris Taylor as Hiram P. Doremus
Florence Gill As Miss Carrie Bowers (Uncredited)
Linda Perry as Information Desk Girl
References
External links
IDMb uses picture of English actor, Kenny Baker, instead of picture of American actor, singer Kenny Baker. The American singer has pictures available to correct error.
1937 musical comedy films
1937 films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Alfred E. Green
Films scored by Adolph Deutsch
Warner Bros. films
American musical comedy films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Tomas Gadeikis (born January 30, 1984) is a retired Lithuanian sprint canoeist who has competed since 2005. He won four medals in the C-2 200 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (2009, 2010) and two bronzes (2006, 2007).
Gadeikis also competed in the C-2 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but was eliminated in the semifinals.
In 2014 Gadeikis announced about his retirement from professional sport.
References
Canoe09.ca profile
Sports-reference.com profile
1984 births
Canoeists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Lithuanian male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Lithuania
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
The 14th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was held during 18–31 December 1925 in Moscow. The congress elected the 14th Central Committee. The congress is best remembered for its declaration of intent to pursue rapid industrialisation of the Soviet Union rather than seeking lasting accommodation as an agricultural producer within the international system of capitalist world economy. It also marked the victory of the majority faction of Joseph Stalin and Nikolai Bukharin over the "New Opposition" headed by Grigory Zinoviev and Lev Kamenev.
History
Opening
The 14th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was convened in the Andreevskii hall of the large Kremlin palace on December 18, 1925. A total of 665 delegates with decisive votes and 641 delegates with advisory voice were in attendance, representing the 643,000 members and 445,000 candidate members of the Soviet Communist Party. The congress had been preceded by factional skirmishing between the Central Committee majority group, headed by Joseph Stalin and Nikolai Bukharin and a Leningrad-based "New Opposition," headed by Comintern chief Grigory Zinoviev; the atmosphere was tense.
The congress opened with brief introductory remarks by Alexei Rykov, chair of the Soviet of People's Commissars of the Soviet Union (Sovnarkom). Following a brief floor squabble over the composition of the honorary Presidium of the convention, the congress's main address, the Political Report of the Central Committee, was delivered by Joseph Stalin, General Secretary of the Communist Party.
Political Report of the Central Committee
Stalin's political report dealt first with the international situation facing the Soviet Union, noting that "what seemed at first as if it were only to be a short breathing space after the war" had developed into an "equilibrium of forces" between the capitalist West and the Soviet regime — "a period of 'peaceful cohabitation' [мирное сожительство] between the bourgeois world and the proletarian world." Stalin then attempted to account for the "weakness of the capitalist world," attributing this to five types of internal division which disunited the capitalist camp.
"Contradictions" had emerged, Stalin declared, between the proletariat and the bourgeoisie within each country; between the imperialist capitalist nations and their colonial dependents; between the victorious and losing countries in the recently finished Imperialist War; between the victorious states themselves; and between the capitalist countries and the USSR.
These "contradictions" that made possible the ongoing state of "peaceful cohabitation" were aided, in Stalin's view, by the fact that world creditor nation the United States of America eagerly sought to avoid any further disruptive European conflict that might affect repayments of outstanding international debt. Additionally, Stalin noted, the capacity of international capitalism for conquest was further weakened by the loss of the "very extensive markets and enormous supplies of raw materials" represented by the withdrawal of the Soviet Union from the international marketplace.
In the second part of his political report, Stalin dealt with the internal situation of the Soviet Union. He highlighted two views of the Soviet economy going forward: the first, advocated by economist Lev Shanin, postulated that Russia would remain an agrarian country for the foreseeable future and thus would need peaceful reintegration into the network of international trade; the second, observing "so long as we are surrounded by capitalist states, we must devote all our energies to making our country remain an independent entity based upon the home market.
Stalin argued forcefully for the second of these plans, declaring:
"We must see to it that our country shall be a centre of attraction for all those countries which, by degrees, will fall away from capitalism, and will enter the path of socialist economy. That line of development can only be followed if we develop our industries to the utmost, in a manner appropriate to the resources at our disposal. We emphatically reject the policy of transforming our country into an appendage of the capitalist world system. We advocate the path of socialist construction. That is, and will remain, the party aim."
Stalin enumerated five economic forms of the Soviet economy: (1) simple peasant production for use; (2) peasant production for the market; (3) private capitalism, inevitable "as long as the New Economic Policy remains in force; (4) state capitalism, state production for the market; and (5) socialist industry, in which production "is not carried on in order to make profits for a class alien to the workers, but in order to expand the industry for the general advantage of the working class as a whole.
The table was thus set for the further pursuit of the goal of Socialism in One Country and the policy of breakneck industrialisation as exemplified by the Five Year Plans. The 14th Congress was remembered by one official party historian as a veritable clarion call:
"The slogan of industrialisation in view of the lack of large foreign credits, naturally demanded the straining of all the country's economic forces and involved the surmounting of serious difficulties. But the path of industrialisation was at the same time the sole path which would protect our country from becoming a colony for foreign capital, a plaything of international imperialism, which would make it an inevitable base and fortress of the international revolution and would ensure that the work of socialist construction was carried to completion."
In the third and final portion of his lengthy report, Stalin dealt with the internal situation in the Communist Party, which Stalin cast as the guiding force of the dictatorship of the proletariat and its Soviet state. "But for the guidance of the party, the proletarian dictatorship could not possibly continue in existing circumstances, when we are encompassed by hostile capitalist powers," Stalin noted, adding "any weakening of the party will inevitably and promptly result in a weakening of the proletarian dictatorship."
Stalin depicted the Communist Party as growing in size and influence and united around its current leadership. He hailed the defeat of Leon Trotsky and his co-thinkers during the previous year and how "resolutely the party met these moves, which were really of a hostile character" but postponed for later a frontal attack on the Leningrad "New Opposition" organized around Grigory Zinoviev and Lev Kamenev.
Faction fighting erupts
Stalin's keynote address was followed by the report of his closest associate, V.M. Molotov, who delivered the report on organizational questions. Molotov seems to have delivered a measured and generalized speech in which he poked at factional rival Grigory Zinoviev by noting the ongoing need for "immense work in the struggle with deviations from Leninism."
On the second day, Zinoviev delivered a report of his own, taking a dig at chief theoretician of the Stalin faction Nikolai Bukharin and his controversial slogan advanced to motivate the peasantry to resume production under the NEP — "Enrich yourselves." Zinoviev was heard politely, with no serious heckling by adherents of the Stalin-Bukharin faction, although the applause which met the conclusion of his speech seems to have been largely limited to the Leningrad delegation, the nexus of his factional strength.
Bukharin responded to Zinoviev with a rejoinder, in which he thanked Zinoviev for foregoing "the shrill tone which we hear daily from the pages of Leningradskaya Pravda, but hitting him for having set himself against the Central Committee majority and for offering no concrete alternative proposals. Bukharin made note that the slogan "Enrich yourselves" had been long since retracted, and hinted that no similar self-criticism by Zinoviev over his direct appeal to Trotsky at the previous convention was forthcoming.
Lenin's widow, Nadezhda Krupskaya, a supporter of the Zinoviev-Kamenev faction, next took to the floor to answer Bukharin. She was sharply critical of the way open debate had been stifled in the pages of Pravda prior to the congress and defended Zinoviev's right to express contrarian opinions.
Standards of civil discourse deteriorated during the third day of the congress. Speaking for the New Opposition, M. Lashevich was met with a barrage of jeers and catcalls, which interrupted his presentation. Lashevich charged that Zinoviev and Kamenev were being "cut off" from decision-making authority. This was emphatically denied by Anastas Mikoyan of the majority faction, who was followed by Nikolai Uglanov, head of the Moscow party organization, who took a bite out of his predecessor in that role, Lev Kamenev. The rout of the Leningrad faction was on.
Lev Kamenev delivered a long and effective speech on December 21, first taking down hecklers with cutting comments from the lectern before launching into an attack on Stalin's earlier moderate tone towards the rich peasantry and characterization of the industrialisation-oriented Left Opposition as the greater threat to stability of the Soviet state.
Kamenev attacked Stalin and his growing leadership role directly during the course of his five-hour speech:
"We are against creating the theory of a 'leader'; we are against making a leader. We are against having the [Stalin-led] secretariat combine in practice both politics and organization and place itself above the political organ.... We cannot regard it as normal, and we think it harmful to the party, to prolong a situation in which the secretariat...in fact decides policy in advance.... I repeat...to the congress: I have reached the conviction that Comrade Stalin cannot perform the function of uniting the Bolshevik general staff."
British historian E. H. Carr emphasized the importance of Kamenev's powerful declaration:
"Kamenev's bombshell changed the face of the congress. He had blurted out what some, perhaps many, had thought, but nobody hitherto had dared to say. But he had also exposed the opposition to a fresh charge, made by nearly every subsequent official speaker in the debate: Kamenev had unmasked the real motive of the opposition platform — personal jealousy and animosity against Stalin — and revealed the hollowness of the alleged arguments of principle on which it was supported."
Reports
Political report of the Central Committee (Stalin)
Organisational report of the Central Committee (Molotov)
Report of the Central Revision Committee (Kursky)
Report of the Central Control Committee (Kuybyshev)
Report of the Representation of the Russian Communist Party at the Executive Committee of the International (Zinoviev)
Issues related to the economic edification (Kamenev)
On the activity of the trade unions (Tomsky)
On the activity of the Komsomol (Bukharin)
On some changes of the Party Statutes (Andreyev)
Elections to the Central Institutions of the Party
Members elected to the Central Committee of the VKP(b) (63)
Footnotes
Further reading
XIV Съезд Bсесоюзной Kоммунистической Партии (Б): Стенографический отчет [14th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks): Stenographic Report]. Moscow: Gosudarstvennoe Izdatel'stvo, 1926.
External links
Fourteenth Congress of the CPSU (Bolshevik) in The Great Soviet Encyclopedia, 3rd Edition (1970-1979).
The 14th congress, "industrial congress", of the all-Union Communist party of Bolsheviks opened; Boris Yeltsin Presidential Librairy
The Fourteenth Congress of the C.P.S.U.(B.); speech by J. V. Stalin; Works, Vol. 7, 1925 Foreign Languages Publishing House, Moscow, 1954
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 11
Congress
1925 conferences
December 1925 events
The 178th (2/1st Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army. The brigade saw active service during the First and the Second World Wars.
First World War
The brigade was raised during the First World War. It was formed as a Territorial Force duplicate of the 139th (1/1st Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire) Brigade originally from those men in the Territorial Force who had agreed, at the outbreak of war, to not serve overseas. Assigned to the 59th (2nd North Midland) Division, the brigade saw service on the Western Front. The brigade saw service at Passchendaele, Cambrai and during Operation Michael, part of the German spring offensive.
Order of battle
2/5th Battalion, Sherwood Foresters
2/6th Battalion, Sherwood Foresters
2/7th Battalion, Sherwood Foresters
2/8th Battalion, Sherwood Foresters
174th Machine Gun Company, Machine Gun Corps
175th Machine Gun Company, Machine Gun Corps
178th Trench Mortar Battery
36th Garrison Guard Battalion, Northumberland Fusiliers, became 36th Battalion 16 July 1918
11th Garrison Guard Battalion, Royal Scots Fusiliers, became 11th Battalion 16 July 1918
2nd Garrison Guard Battalion, Royal Irish Regiment, became 8th Garrison Battalion 25 May 1918
25th Garrison Guard Battalion, Cheshire Regiment
13th Garrison Battalion, Duke of Wellington's Regiment, became 13th Battalion 16 July 1918
Second World War
The brigade number was reactivated again in the later stages of the Second World War as the 178th Infantry Brigade. The brigade was formed on 21 April 1945 in the United Kingdom, shortly before Victory in Europe Day and the end of the war in Europe, for the reception and retraining of personnel who were returning from fighting overseas, who were temporarily unfit from wounds suffered or other medical causes. The brigade was assigned to 45th Division, and disbanded on 11 August 1945.
References
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War I
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War II
Petar Jovanović (baptised as Pavle Jovanović; 18 February 1800, in Ilok – 22 September 1864, in Sremski Karlovci) was the Metropolitan of Belgrade, head of the Serbian Orthodox Church in the Principality of Serbia from 1833 until 1859.
Biography
Early life
Born in Ilok (present-day Croatia), he graduated from the Karlovci Gymnasium and the Clerical High School of Saint Arsenije in Sremski Karlovci. Then he studied philosophy in Szeged. After graduating in 1819, he became a teacher at the Karlovci Gymnasium. In 1830 he went to Serbia to become secretary of the Metropolitan of Belgrade Melentije Pavlović, and at the same time secretary of the Supreme National Court, and then personal secretary of the Prince Miloš Obrenović. He was a married man; his wife died shortly after they moved to Serbia.
Election as Metropolitan
After the death of Metropolitan Melentije in 1833, Prince Miloš offered Pavle Jovanović the office of the Metropolitan of Belgrade, after he refused the first candidate he considered, Metropolitan of Caesarea Cappadocia Gerasimos. Miloš wanted the Serb to be the new head of the newly established Metropolis. Before taking his religious vows and receiving priestly and episcopal ordination, he demanded that the Prince promise that the secular authorities would not interfere in the affairs of the Church, in particular, that the priests would not be tried by ordinary courts, but by bishops. In October 1833, he took his religious vows in front of the Bishop Nikifor Maksimović of the [Eparchy of Žiča|Eparchy of Užice]]. In the following days he was ordained successively to deacon and presbyter, then he was given the dignity of archimandrite. On 20 September 1833, he was already archimandrite at the court of Prince Miloš in Kragujevac. On 6 December 1833, he was consecrated as bishop by the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople Constantius I. He returned to Serbia before Christmas (which fell on 7 January 1834, according to the Julian calendar).
Metropolitan
Petar Jovanović had a solid general and theological education, so he was especially involved in the organization of schools for the clergy. He created in 1834 metropolitan seminary textbooks and invited lecturers from abroad, talented students were directed to religious schools in the Russian Empire. In 1834–1835, he created a metropolitan consistory in Belgrade and acted to adopt the internal statute of the Orthodox Church in Serbia. Several of its subsequent versions were rejected by Prince Miloš, who ultimately imposed the version unfavorable to the prestige of the Metropolitanate. It provided that the Prince would preside over the Synod managing the Orthodox Church in Serbia and that he would correspond with the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople on behalf of the Church. In 1834 he developed a new law on marriage, providing that only men aged 17 and over, and women aged 14 and over, with parental consent and their own, would be able to marry. Consent to marriages of men over 50 and women over 40 years of age, as well as to the fourth marriage, was to be approved by a bishop. He also sought to improve the discipline among the Serbian clergy, which had not been high in previous years. This was the result of the earlier subordination of the canonical Serbian lands to the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. The bishops of Greek origin operating in Serbia did not care about the education of the lower clergy and they cared mainly for their own enrichment. He wanted to improve the material situation of the clergy, so he created the funds for the benefit of them. He tried to sort out the situation in monasteries, removing alcoholics, assassins, thieves and homosexuals from them. He liquidated the smallest monasteries, and determined the amount of state salary for monks.
Later life
In 1859 he left Serbia, de facto leaving the office due to a conflict with Prince Miloš. He returned to the Austrian Empire, where he stayed briefly in Krušedol Monastery, and then he was elected as the Bishop of Gornji Karlovac in the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Karlovci. The new Metropolitan of Belgrade became his former student, the Bishop of Šabac Mihailo Jovanović. After the death of Prince Miloš in 1860, the former Metropolitan again applied for the possibility of returning to Serbia, but he did not receive the consent of the new Prince Mihailo Obrenović. He was buried in the Krušedol Monastery.
References
Sources
R. Popović, Serbian Orthodox Church in History, Academy of Serbian Orthodox Church for Fine Arts and Conservation, Belgrade 2013.
Đ. Slijepčević,Istorija Srpske Pravoslavne Crkve, t. II, JRJ, Beograd 2002.
1800 births
1864 deaths
People from Ilok
Habsburg Serbs
Serbs of Croatia
History of the Serbian Orthodox Church in Croatia
19th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
Metropolitans of Belgrade
People from the Principality of Serbia
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Serbia
Burials at Serbian Orthodox monasteries and churches
We Live Here is the seventh studio album by the Pat Metheny Group. It won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album in 1996.
Track listing
Personnel
Pat Metheny – guitars, guitar synthesizer
Lyle Mays – piano, keyboards
Steve Rodby – acoustic and electric bass
Paul Wertico – drums
David Blamires – vocals
Mark Ledford – vocals, trumpet, Flugelhorn, Whistling
Luis Conte – percussion
Additional musicians
Sammy Merendino – drum programming
Dave Samuels – cymbal rolls
Awards
Grammy Awards
References
Pat Metheny albums
1995 albums
Geffen Records albums
Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album
The 2020 New York Democratic presidential primary took place on Tuesday, June 23, 2020 as part of the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The New York primary is a closed primary, with the state awarding 320 delegates, of which 274 are pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the primary.
The Associated Press (AP) declared that Joe Biden won the New York Democratic presidential primary.
Procedure
New York originally joined several northeastern states in holding primaries on the same date (April 28, 2020), often dubbed the "Acela primary" in reference to the namesake Amtrak service. State statute originally had mandated that the primary would be held on February 4 for procedural reasons. In September 2019, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signed a bill into law that designated April 28, 2020, as the state's presidential primary date, aligning it with other states' contests on the same day. Primaries for other offices (federal, state, and local) were scheduled to take place on June 23, 2020. Cuomo announced on March 28, 2020 that the presidential primary would be postponed to June 23 because of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in the United States.
Voting is expected to take place throughout the state from 6:00 a.m. until 9:00 p.m. In the closed primary, candidates must meet a threshold of 15 percent at the congressional district or statewide level in order to be considered viable. The 224 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention will be allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary. Of the 224 pledged delegates, between 5 and 10 are allocated to each of the state's 27 congressional districts and another 37 are allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 49 at-large pledged delegates. These delegate totals do not account for pledged delegate bonuses or penalties from timing or clustering.
District-level delegates are selected by voters on the presidential primary ballot. Should candidates be entitled to more delegates based on the results of the primary than eligible delegates presented, then additional delegates will be designated by the state committee at a special post-primary caucus before the state convention. The state Democratic committee meeting, slated for May 2020, will vote on the 49 pledged at-large and 37 PLEO delegates to send to the Democratic National Convention. The 224 pledged delegates New York sends to the national convention will be joined by 46 unpledged PLEO delegates (21 members of the Democratic National Committee; 23 members of Congress, including both Senators, notably Kirsten Gillibrand, and 21 U.S. Representatives; the governor; and former president Bill Clinton).
Cancellation and rescheduling
On April 27, 2020, the Democratic Commissioners at the New York State Board of Elections removed all candidates that had ended or suspended their campaigns for president from the ballot pursuant to NYS Election Law 2-122(a), arguing that only one candidate remained in the race so no primary needed to be held. The commissioners cited the COVID-19 pandemic in New York and millions of dollars in expenses.
On April 28, Andrew Yang sued the New York State Board of Elections over this decision, saying that it "creates a dangerous precedent". On May 5, a federal judge ruled that the primary election must proceed with the candidates and delegates who were on the ballot as of April 26 while the primary will be held on June 23, 2020. The State appealed the decision to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals, but lost the appeal on May 19 and will not appeal further.
Polling
Head-to-head polls
Results
See also
2020 New York state elections
Notes
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
New York State Democratic Committee draft delegate selection plan
FiveThirtyEight New York primary poll tracker
New York Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
New York Democratic
First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church in Macon, GA.
History
The place was frequently visited by Mr. Joseph C. Stiles, a licentiate and Evangelist of Hopewell Presbytery, who took it in as a part of his field. As the fruit of his ministry a church was organized June 18, 1826, of twenty five members, by Rev. Benjamin Gildersleeve, First Presbyterian Church was born on June 18, 1826, just three years after the city of Macon was chartered. The church continued to be a part of the Evangelistic field of Mr. Stiles, till 1828, when Rev. James C. Patterson became the regular supply for two years till the Fall of 1830. During Mr. Patterson's ministry the first building, a wooden structure, was erected on Fourth street. This building was turned over to the Baptists, who removed and enlarged it; and is now the Second Baptist church. The Rev. Edwin Holt was the first regular pastor, installed November 20, 1831, and served the church from 1831 to 1834, when the relation was dissolved by the Presbytery of Good Hope and he dismissed to the Presbytery of Newburyport July 27, 1836. He was followed by Rev. James Stratton, as supply, for two years. He was never settled. His name was stricken from the roll March 29, 1843, he "having joined another church." He was succeeded by Rev. Samuel J. Cassels, who was installed November 5, 1836 and continued till April 13, 1842. It was during the ministry of Rev. Mr. Cassels, that the second house, a brick building commenced during the ministry of Mr. Stratton, was completed.
Since 1858, when the present structure was completed, its spire, soaring 183 feet above the street, has dominated the downtown section of Mulberry Street. It is the 6th tallest building in Macon, at 185 feet(56 m). It was the tallest building in Macon from its completion in 1858 until the completion of the St. Joseph's Catholic Church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is located on 690 Mulberry Street, in Downtown Macon. The famous poet Sidney Lanier was a member here.
Today, the congregation has more than 1000 members.
School
In 1970, the church founded First Presbyterian Day School. The church founded the school the same year that a judge ordered Bibb County public schools to desegregate. The campus was located in a mostly white suburban area, some distance away from the church's headquarters in a black neighborhood downtown. These factors have led the historian Andrew Manis to conclude that the school was a segregation academy established to allow white parents to avoid sending their children to racially integrated public schools.
First Presbyterian Church is a member congregation of the Presbyterian Church in America.
References
NRHP Listings in Bibb County, Georgia.
Emporis
External links
Official site
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Georgia (U.S. state)
Churches completed in 1858
Churches in Macon, Georgia
Presbyterian Church in America churches in Georgia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Bibb County, Georgia
Alexandroff plank in topology, an area of mathematics, is a topological space that serves as an instructive example.
Definition
The construction of the Alexandroff plank starts by defining the topological space to be the Cartesian product of and , where is the first uncountable ordinal, and both carry the interval topology. The topology is extended to a topology by adding the sets of the form
where .
The Alexandroff plank is the topological space .
It is called plank for being constructed from a subspace of the product of two spaces.
Properties
The space satisfies that:
is Urysohn, since is regular. The space is not regular, since is a closed set not containing , while every neighbourhood of intersects every neighbourhood of .
is semiregular, since each basis rectangle in the topology is a regular open set and so are the sets defined above with which the topology was expanded.
is not countably compact, since the set has no upper limit point.
is not metacompact, since if is a covering of the ordinal space with not point-finite refinement, then the covering of defined by , , and has not point-finite refinement.
References
Lynn Arthur Steen and J. Arthur Seebach, Jr., Counterexamples in Topology. Springer-Verlag, New York, 1978. Reprinted by Dover Publications, New York, 1995. (Dover edition).
S. Watson, The Construction of Topological Spaces. Recent Progress in General Topology, Elsevier, 1992.
Topological spaces
"Luck" is a song written by Zachary Barnett, David Rublin, Matthew Sanchez and James Shelley of American indie rock band American Authors, co-written with producers Aaron Accetta and Shep Goodman. The song was originally recorded for their debut extended play, American Authors, and appears as the third track on the EP. The track later appeared as the fourth track on their debut studio album Oh, What a Life. The song was released by Island Records in Canada as a one-track single on March 3, 2014, becoming the fourth single by the band and the second release promoting Oh, What a Life, after "Trouble".
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from Oh, What a Life liner notes.
American Authors
Zac Barnett – lead vocals, guitar
James Adam Shelley – lead guitar, banjo
Dave Rublin – bass
Matt Sanchez – drums
Technical personnel
Aaron Accetta – production
Michael Goodman – production
Release history
Commercial
References
Songs about luck
2013 songs
2014 singles
American Authors songs
Island Records singles
Songs written by Shep Goodman
Songs written by Aaron Accetta
Song recordings produced by Aaron Accetta
The Water Knows No Boundaries was held in 2011 and will be held again in 2018, in Jordan. The topic is solutions to water issues in the Middle East.
References
Environmental conferences
Middle East
Histria Azure is a Chemical/Oil Products Tanker owned by the Romanian shipping company Histria Shipmanagement and is registered in Majuro, Marshall Islands.
History
Histria Azure was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2008 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products.
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni.
Technical description
The Histria Azure is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.
References
Ships built in Romania
2007 ships
Merchant ships of Romania
Mănăstirea Cașin is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Lupești, Mănăstirea Cașin, Pârvulești and Scutaru.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Thomas Cove () is the cove south of Haigh Point, Danco Coast. It was first surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1956–57. The cove was named in association with Haigh Point, by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1985. It was named after Joan Ena Thomas, who was the personal assistant to the Secretary of the UK-APC Polar Regions Section at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, from 1948 to 1962.
References
Notes
Coves of Graham Land
Danco Coast
Danilo (full name, José Marcio Danilo Pereira da Silva ; born 21 January 1989) is a Brazilian footballer, who currently plays for Ituano Futebol Clube.
Biography
Born in Alagoas state, Danilo started his career at Corinthians Alagoano and left for Centro Sportivo Alagoano in January 2008, signed a 3-year contract. The team won the state league and qualified to 2008 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. In mid-2008, Danilo along with teammate Fábio Henrique Lima and Mauricio were scouted by Romanian clubs, which Danilo left for Gloria Bistriţa. Danilo played his single appearance in Romanian Liga I on 21 September 2008, substituted Ciprian Petre in the 70th minute. That match the team lost 1–2 to CFR Cluj.
In January 2010, Danilo returned to Brazil for Campeonato Alagoano newcomer Santa Rita. Near to the end of the state league, in March 2010, he left for Viana to play for Maranhão state cup, which he scored 1 goal.
References
External links
CBF
Profile at football-lineups.com
Living people
1989 births
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Ituano FC players
Sportspeople from Alagoas
Thorsten Judt (born 30 June 1971) is a retired German football midfielder.
References
1971 births
Living people
German footballers
Bayer 04 Leverkusen II players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
Kickers Offenbach players
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Association football midfielders
The Chairman of the International Cricket Council (ICC) is the highest position in the governing body of world cricket. The position was established as a honorary post in 2014 after a revamp of the management of ICC. The president heads the ICC board of directors. Formerly, the ICC president headed the ICC council but that position become a largely honorary post since the changes pushed through to the ICC constitution in 2014 handed control to the so-called 'Big Three', the England and Wales Cricket Board, Board of Control for Cricket in India and Cricket Australia. Former BCCI president N. Srinivasan became the first chairman of ICC on 26 June 2014.
Shashank Manohar resigned as Chairman of the International Cricket Council (ICC) on 30 June 2020, after more than four years in the role. ICC deputy chairman Imran Khwaja was made interim chairman until an election in November. New Zealand administrator Greg Barclay was elected Chairman on 24 November 2020.
List of chairmen
References
External links
Official website of the ICC
Chairman
Have You Been Paying Attention? (abbreviated on social media as HYBPA? and stylised on-screen as Have you been paying attention? in sentence case) is an Australian panel game television quiz show on Network 10. The series, which is produced by Working Dog Productions, is a mix of news and comedy which sees host Tom Gleisner quiz five guests (of whom Ed Kavalee and Sam Pang are permanent panellists) on the week's top news stories.
Despite a disappointing start in ratings, and initially a change in timeslot and format, the series has proven to be a consistent performer for Network Ten, having its ratings increase with successive seasons and receiving critical acclaim. The show won two Logies in 2017 for Best Entertainment Program and Most Outstanding Entertainment Program, one in 2018 for Most Popular Comedy Program, two in 2019 for Most Outstanding Entertainment Program and for Most Popular Comedy Program and one in 2022 for Most Popular Comedy Program.
Format
The series sees the host ask guests a range of news-related questions. In turn, guests frequently give humorous or satirical answers, but only correct answers are awarded points. The series has also become known for its banter between its serious moderator and It's not as serious contestants. In addition to questions regarding the previous week's events, the contestants are also quizzed in various other games. Generally, two of these segments are played in each episode.
Regular segments
General questions: News events from the past week which can be grouped into the categories of Showbiz or Sport.
Guest Quizmasters: Once (occasionally twice) an episode, a guest quizmaster (often a sportsperson or TV personality) joins to ask a series of questions, usually related to the guest in some way.
Animal News: News events (often amusing) featuring animals.
Individual test: Each contestant is asked an individual question, often with two possible answers.
Rapid Recall: This is the final round and segment of the show and sees contestants required to answer as quickly as possible as the segment is timed. This is the only segment during the show where the scores are not readily shown.
Individual tests
Each episode includes a segment where contestants are each asked an individual question. A wide variety of games have been used, including:
Over or Under: Each contestant individually watches a clip from RBT and must guess if the person is "over or under" the legal blood-alcohol limit (0.05g, as per Australian law).
Trash or Treasure: Each contestant individually watches a clip from Antiques Roadshow and must guess if the item the person has is worth under £1000 (trash) or is worth over £1000 (treasure).
Going, Going, Gone: A series of questions about famous items being sold over the past week and contestants must answer what it is famous for, or which famous person used or owned it.
Either/Or: The original variation of the above three and is used primarily to test the contestants' understanding of complicated (or amusing) names in the news. Many versions of this game have been developed, such as Rapper or Restaurant / Oui or Non / Tennis Player or IKEA Furniture etc.).
Binge This: Contestants are shown short clips from various online streaming service programs, and must determine what happens next in each scenario. These are often in a foreign language and have unexpected twists.
The Bold and the Beautiful: Each contestant is shown a clip from the long-running American soap and has to predict what happens next.
Identify These International Versions of Well Known Reality TV Formats: Each contestant individually watches a short clip (and often a clip that appears weird context) from an international version of a well known reality television format. Contestants are awarded 10 points for correctly guessing the format and 10 points if they can guess the country the clip is from (e.g., if a clip from the Israeli version of Survivor was shown, a contestant would receive 10 points for answering Survivor and/or 10 points for answering Israel).
Episodes
Cast
Host
Tom Gleisner
Guest Host
Jane Kennedy (4 episodes)
Dr. Chris Brown (1 episode)
Chrissie Swan (4 episodes)
Hayley Sproull (1 episode)
Guests
Production and broadcast
The series was first commissioned by Network Ten on 25 October 2013, with the first season to consist of eight episodes which would air over the final four weeks of ratings season and first four weeks of summer ratings.
In February 2014, it was reported in an interview with host and co-executive producer Tom Gleisner that Network Ten had given the series an "open-ended" run for its 2014 season. The second season premiered on 23 February 2014 in the new timeslot of 6pm Sunday. On 9 April 2014, part way through the second season, it was announced that the show would be moved from the 6pm Sunday timeslot to 9.30pm Monday, and expanded to a one-hour format. The later timeslot would allow the series to include more adult themes. Following a six-week hiatus, the show returned on Monday 19 May 2014. Beginning on 14 July, season two moved an hour earlier to 8:30pm as a result of the low ratings of 24: Live Another Day which previously occupied the timeslot.
On 29 September 2014, it was reported that a Year in Review special had been commissioned which would air later in the year. The special aired on 17 November 2014, reviewing the top news stories of the past 12 months. The special saw the introduction of guest quizmasters to the format, which have since become a recurring feature of the series.
On 14 November 2014, the series was renewed for a third season, which premiered on 11 May 2015.
A second Year in Review special aired following the third season, premiering on 23 November 2015.
On 26 October 2015, the series was renewed for a fourth season, which premiered on 9 May 2016. In October 2016, part of the set was revamped to include illuminating buzzers and minor changes in graphics.
A 2016 Year in Review special premiered on 21 November 2016.
In October 2018, Working Dog Productions agreed with Ten Network Holdings to sell international rights to the format to the network's parent company, CBS Studios International.
Filming
The series is filmed at Network Ten studios in South Yarra, Melbourne in front of a live studio audience. The series was originally filmed on a Saturday, but successive seasons saw filming moved from Mondays to Sundays. Filming the day prior to airing, the series aims to be as current as possible. When the show aired at 6pm on Sundays, multiple endings were filmed in case the removal of inappropriate or potentially offensive answers resulted in a different winner during post-production.
Impact of the COVID–19 pandemic on Season 8 (2020)
In 2020, due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, Season 8 was recorded with only Gleisner and a handful of production crew filming the show from the South Yarra studio, with all of the contestants working from home and video conferencing in to enforce social distancing. There was also no live studio audience.
International versions
Paramount Global Distribution Group (formally CBS Studios International and owned by Network 10 parent Paramount Global) owns the format for international distribution, their first non-United States format for distribution internationally.
New Zealand
A New Zealand version, Have You Been Paying Attention? New Zealand, first aired on 24 July 2019 on TVNZ 2, hosted by Hayley Sproull, starring comedian and HYBPA? Australia regular Urzila Carlson and ZM radio host Vaughan Smith.
Cyprus
In September 2020, it was announced the format rights had been sold to Cyprus, marking it as the second international sale of the format. The Cypriot version of the show is titled ΔΩΣΕ ΒΑΣΗ!, which translates to PAY ATTENTION!.
Awards and nominations
|-
|rowspan="2"|2016
|rowspan="2"|Logie Awards of 2016
|Best Entertainment Program
|rowspan="9"|Have You Been Paying Attention?
|
|rowspan="2"|
|-
|Most Outstanding Entertainment Program
|
|-
|rowspan="2"|2017
|rowspan="2"|Logie Awards of 2017
|Best Entertainment Program
|
|rowspan="2"|
|-
|Most Outstanding Entertainment Program
|
|-
|2018
|Logie Awards of 2018
|Most Popular Comedy Program
|
|
|-
|rowspan="2"|2019
|rowspan="2"|Logie Awards of 2019
|Most Popular Comedy Program
|
|rowspan="2"|
|-
|Most Outstanding Entertainment Program
|
|-
|2021
|TV Blackbox Awards
|rowspan=2|Most Popular Comedy Program
|
|
|-
|2022
|Logie Awards of 2022
|
|
Controversy
The series came under criticism as a result of jokes relating to the death of King of Thailand Bhumibol Adulyadej during the episode airing on 17 October 2016 (Season 4 Episode 23). As a result, Network Ten issued a formal apology to Thailand's Ambassador to Australia Chirachai Punkrasin, and the footage in question was removed from Network Ten's website, social media, and was removed from the episode for future broadcasts.
See also
List of longest-running Australian television series
References
External links
2010s Australian game shows
2013 Australian television series debuts
Australian panel games
English-language television shows
Network 10 original programming
Television shows set in Melbourne
The Bras Saint-Michel is a tributary of the north-west bank of the Rivière du Sud (Montmagny) which flows north-east to the south bank of the St. Lawrence River, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The "Bras Saint-Michel" crosses the MRC of:
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality: municipalities of Saint-Henri, Saint-Gervais, Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse, La Durantaye, Saint-Raphaël, Saint-Vallier;
Montmagny Regional County Municipality: municipality of Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud.
Geography
The Saint-Michel arm has its source in the municipality of Saint-Henri at west of the center of the village of Saint-Gervais, at north of the center of the village of Saint-Anselme and at east of center of the village of Saint-Henri. This spring is located in an agricultural zone north of the Boyer River and northwest of the first rang West road. The "Bras Saint-Michel" flows relatively in a straight line north-east in parallel (on the south-east side) over the Boyer river.
From its source, the Saint-Michel arm flows over , divided into the following segments:
northeasterly in Saint-Henri, up to the limit of Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse;
towards the northeast, forming the limit between these last two municipalities;
northeasterly to route 279 which it intersects at north-west of center of the village of Saint-Gervais;
north-east to the limit of Saint-Gervais;
northeasterly, forming the limit of the municipalities of Saint-Gervais and Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse, up to the road bridge to La Tremblade, that is to at the limit of La Durantaye;
towards the north-east, forming the limit between La Durantaye and Saint-Gervais;
northeasterly, forming the limit between La Durantaye and Saint-Raphaël, to the route Robert bridge;
north-east, up to the route 281 South bridge that it intersects at at north-west of the center of the village of Saint-Raphaël;
towards the northeast, forming on the limit between Saint-Vallier and Saint-Raphaël, until 'at the limit of Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud;
northeasterly in Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud, to its confluence.
The "Bras Saint-Michel" empties on the north-west bank of the Rivière du Sud (Montmagny) in the municipality of Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud. This confluence is located south of highway 20, at upstream of the Montée de Morigeau and downstream from the Rang du Sault bridge, located in the hamlet of Arthurville.
Toponymy
The toponym "Bras Saint-Michel" was made official on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
Ruadhri Ua Flaithbertaigh () was King of Iar Connacht.
Biography
Ruaidhri may have succeeded by killing his brother, Conchubhar; the Annals of Ulster, sub anno 1186, record that "Conchubhar Ua Flaithbertaigh was killed by Ruaidhri Ua Flaithbertaigh, by his own brother, in Ara."
Ruadhri was taken prisoner by King Cathal Crobhdearg Ua Conchobair of Connaught in unknown circumstances in 1197. There is no further record of him.
See also
Ó Flaithbertaigh
References
West or H-Iar Connaught Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
People from County Galway
1197 deaths
Ruadhri
12th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Actia is a genus of large flies in the family Tachinidae.
Species
Actia ampla Tachi & Shima, 1998
Actia antiqua (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia autumnalis (Townsend, 1917)
Actia brevis Malloch, 1930
Actia brunnea Malloch, 1930
Actia chrysocera Bezzi, 1923
Actia ciligera (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia clavula Tachi & Shima, 1998
Actia completa Malloch, 1930
Actia crassicornis (Meigen, 1824)
Actia cuthbertsoni Curran, 1933
Actia darwini Malloch, 1929
Actia dasymyia O'Hara, 1991
Actia deferens Malloch, 1930
Actia destituta Tachi & Shima, 1998
Actia diffidens Curran, 1933
Actia dimorpha O'Hara, 1991
Actia dubitata Herting, 1971
Actia eucosmae Bezzi, 1926
Actia exsecta Villeneuve, 1936
Actia fallax (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia fulvicauda Malloch, 1930
Actia gratiosa (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia hargreavesi Curran, 1933
Actia infantula (Zetterstedt, 1844)
Actia interrupta Curran, 1933
Actia jocularis Mesnil, 1957
Actia lamia (Meigen, 1838)
Actia lata Malloch, 1930
Actia linguata Mesnil, 1968
Actia longilingua (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia magnicornis Malloch, 1930
Actia maksymovi Mesnil, 1952
Actia mimetica Malloch, 1930
Actia mongolica Richter, 1976
Actia munroi Curran, 1927
Actia nigra Shima, 1970
Actia nigrapex Mesnil, 1977
Actia nigriventris Malloch, 1935
Actia nigroscutellata Lundbeck, 1927
Actia nitidella Villeneuve, 1936
Actia nitidiventris Curran, 1933
Actia nudibasis Stein, 1924
Actia oblimata Mesnil, 1957
Actia painei Crosskey, 1962
Actia pallens Curran, 1927
Actia pamirica Richter, 1974
Actia parviseta Malloch, 1930
Actia pellex (Mesnil, 1953)
Actia perdita Malloch, 1930
Actia philippinensis Malloch, 1930
Actia picipalpis (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia pilipennis (Fallén, 1810)
Actia pokharana Shima, 1970
Actia pulex Baranov, 1938
Actia quadriseta Malloch, 1936
Actia radialis O'Hara, 1991
Actia rejecta Bezzi, 1926
Actia resinellae (Schrank, 1781)
Actia rubiginosa (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia rufescens (Greene, 1934)
Actia russula Mesnil, 1977
Actia siphonosoma Malloch, 1930
Actia solida Tachi & Shima, 1998
Actia sternalis O'Hara, 1991
Actia takanoi Baranov, 1935
Actia tarsata Richter, 1980
Actia triseta (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia vulpina (Mesnil, 1954)
Actia yasumatsui Shima, 1970
The following species are unplaced in Siphonini:
Actia panamensis Curran, 1933
References
Tachinidae genera
Taxa named by Jean-Baptiste Robineau-Desvoidy
Konstantina Vlachaki (; born May 8, 1995 in Chania, Greece) is a female professional volleyball player from Greece, who plays in the Hellenic Volley League for AEK Athens . From 2014 to 2019 as a member of
Hellenic powerhouse Olympiacos Piraeus she won 5 Hellenic Championships, 5 Hellenic Cups, and the CEV Women's Challenge Cup in 2018, being also runner-up of the CEV Women's Challenge Cup in 2017.
Sporting achievements
Clubs
International competitions
2016/2017 : CEV Women's Challenge Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
2017/2018 : CEV Women's Challenge Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
National championships
2014/2015 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2015/2016 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2017/2018 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
National cups
2014/2015 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2015/2016 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2017/2018 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
References
External links
profile at greekvolley.gr
profile at CEV web site at cev.lu
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball team roster at CEV web site
1995 births
Living people
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball players
Greek women's volleyball players
Sportspeople from Chania
Dead Man's Chest Island may refer to:
Dead Chest Island, British Virgin Islands (also called Dead Man's Chest Island), in the British Virgin Islands
Isla de Caja de Muertos, Puerto Rico (also called Dead Man's Chest Island), in Puerto Rico
Pelegosto, a fictional island hosting a prominent part of the action of Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
Litorimonas cladophorae is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Litorimonas which has been isolated from the alga Cladophora stimpsoni.
References
Rhodobacterales
Bacteria described in 2013
Francheville may refer to the following places:
in France:
Francheville, Côte-d'Or, in the Côte-d'Or département
Francheville, Eure, in the Eure département
Francheville, Jura, in the Jura département
Francheville, Marne, in the Marne département
Francheville, Meurthe-et-Moselle, in the Meurthe-et-Moselle département
Francheville, Orne, in the Orne département
Francheville, Rhône, in the Rhône département
La Francheville, in the Ardennes Department
in Canada:
Francheville (census division), a statistical area in Quebec.
Francheville Regional County Municipality, a former regional county municipality in Quebec.
Leonis Minorids [sic] (formerly Leo Minorids, IMO designation: LMI; IAU shower number: 22) is a weak meteor shower that takes place from October 19 till October 27 each year, peaking on October 23. With a weak moon the meteor shower may be visible with the naked eye, however this meteor shower is best observed only from the Northern Hemisphere with telescopic plotting. This meteor shower is linked to comet C/1739 K1 and radiates from the constellation Leo Minor, which is a faint constellation north of Leo. The meteor shower often only produces 2 meteors an hour. The meteors usually pass at an average speed of 62 kilometers per second.
Notes
Meteor showers
October events
Leo Minor
Imtihan () is a 1974 Indian Hindi-language film starring Vinod Khanna, Tanuja and Bindu. The story of the film revolves around an idealistic professor who decides to reform a group of rowdy students at a college. It is inspired by the 1967 British film To Sir, with Love, and has inspired the television series Jeet. The film was shot in Nashik.It is remake of Tamil film Nootrukku Nooru.
Plot
Pramod Sharma (Vinod Khanna) is the son of a wealthy businessman (Murad). An idealistic person, he leaves his family business to become a lecturer of history at the college Adarsh Mahavidyalya. The students of the college are highly indisciplined, and the crowd includes Rakesh, a rowdy student involved in several unlawful activities. Pramod tries to reform these students. Rita (Bindu), the college chairman's daughter and a student, develops an infatuation for Pramod.
Meanwhile, Pramod meets Madhu (Tanuja), the daughter of the college principal H. P. Shastri (Abhi Bhattacharya). He learns that she was in love with Vijay, a pilot, and both were expected to marry soon. Unfortunately, Vijay's plane crashed and he died. The shock of this news lead to Madhu falling off the stairs, resulting in permanent damage to her leg. Madhu falls in love with Pramod, who brings positivity to her life. He encourages her to follow up on her hobbies, especially painting, and go out more often. Rita, who is jealous of Pramod's relationship with Madhu, falsely accuses him of sexual harassment, supported by Rakesh. The rest of the story tells of how Pramod gets through this imtihan ("test") of life. In the end, Pramod proves his innocence and takes leave from the college, joined by Madhu.
Cast
Vinod Khanna as Pramod Kumar Sharma
Tanuja as Madhu Shastri
Bindu as Rita
Ranjeet as Rakesh
Abhi Bhattacharya as H. P. Shastri
Murad as Mr. Sharma
Soundtrack
The lyrics for the film songs were written by Majrooh Sultanpuri, and the music was composed by Laxmikant–Pyarelal.
The title of the Indian television series Ruk Jaana Nahin is based on the song from the film.
Awards and nominations
Bindu - Nominated for Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress (1974)
References
External links
1974 films
1970s Hindi-language films
1970s thriller films
Films scored by Laxmikant–Pyarelal
Films about the education system in India
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
Films about sexual harassment
Indian thriller drama films
Alipore Jail Press is situated inside the walls of the Alipore Correctional Home, Alipore. It is run by the Press and Forms Department, Government of West Bengal and employs the convicts of the Alipore Correctional Home and paid-hands for skilled labour that cannot be provided by the inmates. The press, in its present state, prints all government forms to its capacity and other miscellaneous sanctioned by the government. The press does not operate for any private or profit-making enterprise.
As per the Annual Report on the Administration of the Bengal Presidency in 1865 the Press employed 269 prisoners and an annual earning of Rs. 2,20, 643.
Early history
The press did not originate in its current residence. In fact, the government under the British had no plans to construct a press at all had it not been for the efforts of Dr. Mouat, the newly appointed Inspector-General of Jails. Till 1857 the chief view of the administration concerning the labour in jails was penal and utilitarian – the convicts were deemed to be the worst characters and therefore only rigorous work could be suitable for them and as a mode of payment for their sustenance in the jails. However, Dr. Mouat, after a Jail Exhibition in 1857 of the Bareilly Jail, became determined to introduce a print industry to print his own circulars and additionally make the jails a profit-making machine for the State in the troubled times after the Mutiny.
Within a year, the press was formed in order to decrease the expense and delay incurred in printing and lithographing circulars, forms, etc., for the Jail Department. The small experimental organization proved to be so successful and efficient that soon Dr. Mouat proposed to extend it with the object of establishing a complete printing and lithographic establishment at Alipore to execute by their means all the Government work at present performed elsewhere at considerable cost to the State. This proposal was immediately met with objection from men who thought the occupation too light for the convicts. After along argument it was decided that neither Dr. Mouat nor those opposing him were entirely wrong and thus the government decided to ratify Dr. Mouat's proposal with a limitation that only the typographic department be extended so as to execute all the form work that is to be transferred from the Government Gazette Press and to add to it first rate lithographic presses and all other necessary machines. On 1 July 1858, the printing of all Bengal forms was, for the first time, undertaken by the Jail Department. The Press began to print with varying degrees of considerable profit.
After Mouat's retirement
In 1870, a memorable year in the history of Bengal Jails, Dr. Mouat retired after 15 years of office. His retirement was seized upon by those who opposed him to reverse his policy and that which Dr. Mouat had so strived to eradicate soon took precedence over printing. The reformatory and educational endeavours were replaced with the penal effects of the tread-mill, the crank and the lash. The other notable change was the transfer of the Forms-store from the Stationery office to Alipore Jail at the recommendation of the committee of 1869. However, with the decline of the Press, the grounds on which the transfer was made proved to be fallacious and in 1876 it was re-transferred to its original location.
The setback of the press affected the government acutely and it soon sought to transfer the whole press to the Presidency Jail, on the Maidan, the insignificant miscellaneous manufactures were discontinued in favour of a concentration of almost all the printing of the Bengal Government. It thus became possible to transfer the greater part of the printing apparatus from the Secretariat Press and give employment to between 600-700 prisoners in all branches of printing and book-binding.
Being an extension of the Secretariat Press it began to undertake more varied work much of which was unsuitable for the convicts and soon an entirely separate Paid-Division unit was constructed. The Jail department's interest in the Press waned and in 1906 special committee decided to amalgamate the Forms department with the press under a common Press and Forms manager independent of the Superintendent of Government Printing and subject to the direct control of the Jail Department. Two committees in 1908 and 1909 sat to decide what work should be done at the jail Press and what at the Secretariat Press. The final arrangements included the abolition of the Paid-Division of the Jail Press.
Amalgamation of the Press and Forms Department
On 6 April 1908, Mr. John Grey, the first Press and Forms Manager took over the charge of the Jail Press. The press was once more a Jail industry. The new Alipore Jail, the now Alipore Correctional Home, was opened and though far from being complete, a small book-binding unit was opened from which the existing press sprung up. The old Presidency Jail on the Maidan was closed on 30 October 1913 under Govt. Notification. The Alipore Central Jail became the Presidency Jail, Calcutta and the new Alipore Jail became the Central Jail or as it is now known as The Alipore Correctional home, Alipore. On 1 April 1914, the Dacca Press ceased to exist and all the responsibility was taken over by the Alipore Jail Press. About the same time the Forms Department migrated from its temporary home at Dallanda to a new block at Judges' Court Road opposite the Jail. On 1 August 1914, the amalgamation of the Press and Forms Department became an established fact. The Forms-store was transferred from the Stationery Department a second time after 1870 but this time outside the jail connected by tramway lines where it still stands to this day.
The Press by 1915-16 was replete with every modern machinery and convenience and employed 900 convicts. It remained basically a letterpress unit consisting of Flat-Bed machines, Heavy Treadle Machines, High Speed Rotary Machine. Later Automatic HMT and Rehnus Machines were introduced.
The Press today
The year 1995 saw a spurt of modernization and sophisticated Shift-Fed Offset Machines, Plate-Making Machines, DTP and finally Web-Offset Machines were introduced. Modern Binding machines including Loose-Leaf Binding Machine, Sewing Machines, Fully Automatic Paper-Cutting Machine were also installed.
Paper is supplied from Commerce and Industries Department and the Press is equipped to print 10,000 Standard and 2000 non-standard forms. The Press also prints a magazine called "Nabark" the first edition of which came out in 1995. It is a magazine written by the inmates and employees of the Jail and is a first of its kind in India. The Press has also printed a Pamphlet called Metamorphosis which chronicles the chief events of the Jail. All profits made from the Press are donated to the Prisoners' Welfare Fund.
References
John Mulvany, "The Story of the Alipore Jail Press", The Calcutta Review
Alipore
Printing companies of India
Alipore
Government of West Bengal
1858 establishments in British India
Companies based in Kolkata
Indian companies established in 1858
Shalianbao Township (Mandarin: 沙连堡乡) is a township in Hualong Hui Autonomous County, Haidong, Qinghai, China. In 2010, Shalianbao Township had a total population of 4,106: 2,061 males and 2,045 females: 1,353 aged under 14, 2,493 aged between 15 and 65 and 260 aged over 65.
References
Township-level divisions of Qinghai
Haidong
The Paper Museum in Pescia (Tuscany, Italy) (Italian: Museo della carta di Pescia) is the only museum in Tuscany that records, documents, protects, and passes down to the public the art of handmade paper. Its purpose is to preserve the ancient art of processing and manufacturing handmade paper, and to raise awareness of the importance and evolution of paper production.
Founded in 1996 by public and private bodies and companies making part of Pescia Onlus Paper Museum Association, it has its headquarters in the eighteenth-century Cartiera Le Carte, purchased in 2003 by such Association. In 2021, the Museum was recognized as a Museum of Regional Relevance by the Tuscany Region and was included in the National Museum Network.
The museum preserves about 7,000 pieces including paper filigree shapes, filigree waxes, punches, metal sheets and stamps, and 600 linear meters of documents relating to the Ancient Magnani paper mills of Pescia which make up the Magnani Historical Archive.
It is part of La Via della Carta in Tuscany, a project aimed at establishing a wide system of paper industrial archeology spread in the provinces of Lucca and Pistoia, carried out in collaboration with the Lucca paper district.
Description
The first, second and third floors are currently undergoing restoration (November 2021) and will be open to the public once the works are completed.
Ground floor
On the ground floor there is a large room with cross vaults where the processing phases that used hydraulic energy were once allocated. In the first multimedia room, a touch screen station and a three-dimensional scale reconstruction of the building allow to visit the whole paper mill; some videos show all the processing phases related to the creation of hand-made paper: from the arrival of the bales of rags to reams of paper; a narrating voice follows the images with excerpts from the book by Carlo Magnani, Memories of a card maker. A second touch screen station allows discovering the museum's collections. The tour continues in the restored Sala dei Tini, where it is possible to witness the creation of hand-made paper by the master papermakers of the Carlo Magnani Pescia Company; then proceed to the Sala delle Pile a maglio; finally, visit the Sala delle Filigrane of the Magnani historical archive where a selection of watermarked paper shapes are exhibited.
First floor
Here we find the Bottega, the place where the paper used to be left to rest and where all the set-up works were carried out: from selection to realization of the reams and then envelope folfing.
Second floor
This part of the building was reserved for the apartments of workers who lived inside in the paper mill. Once recovered, the spaces will house the visitable deposit of the permanent collections.
Third floor
This part of the building, equipped with characteristic "windows" with adjustable closures, is called a spanditoio; it was used to dry the sheets of paper made. The spanditoio will host a conference room, an educational room and spaces for temporary exhibitions.
Cartiera Le Carte
The ancient paper factory, called Le Carte, is one of the most important monuments of industrial archeology in the area. It is representative of the typical development model of the Genoese-Tuscan paper manufacturing in the Middle Ages and the entire modern age, both as regards the location, almost in the center of the "paper district" of the Pescia stream, both for the architectural canons, and for the ancient equipment it still retains.
Built in 1712, it was enlarged in 1725 by the Ansaldi family who then sold it to Agostino Calamari in 1825. In 1860 it was then purchased by the Magnani family and continued to produce hand-made paper until 1992.
Restoration
After the acquisition of the building, the Pescia Onlus Paper Museum Association launched a project to renovate the spaces to safeguard the historical aspects and to allow the museum to function. The works foresee the division of the paper mill into three areas:
the west wing, whose restoration has already been completed, houses the Magnani Historical Archive;
the central wing will house the museum with all the machinery used in the processing and production of paper and the approximately 7000 pieces that make up the collections;
the east wing will house the entrance to the museum, the ticket office, the shop and the offices.
Magnani Historical Archive
The archive was placed in 2016 in the first restored wing of the building. It houses the historical documents of the Magnani company between the 18th century and the early years of the 21st; among them the personnel documents, company registers, writings and papers of Carlo Magnani. Through this documentation it was possible to reconstruct the historical activity of the paper mill and the entrepreneurial links of the Magnani company with other industries in Italy and abroad. The archive is currently (2021) in the ordering phase.
Impresa Sociale Magnani Pescia Srl
In 2018 the Museum gave life to the Impresa Sociale Magnani Pescia Srl which, after an intergenerational change of skills, resumed the manufacture of strictly handmade watermarked paper under the Enrico Magnani Pescia brand.
Gallery
References
External links
Papermaking museums
Museums in Tuscany
1996 establishments in Italy
Museums established in 1996
Suren Bardughi Aghababyan (, born 22 January 1922, Karaklis – died 19 March 1986) was a Soviet Armenian literary critic and Doctor of Philology.
He was an author of many works including biographies of Yeghishe Charents and Axel Bakunts, and the History of Soviet Armenian Literature (two volumes, 1961–65, published in Russian in 1966).
References
1922 births
1986 deaths
People from Vanadzor
Armenian literary critics
Armenian male writers
Armenian scientists
Soviet scientists
Soviet writers
Niatross (1977–1999) was an American champion standardbred race horse that many believe was the greatest harness horse of all time.
Background
The son of Albatross out of the mare Niagara Dream, Niatross was foaled on March 30, 1977. He was trained and driven by co-owner Clint Galbraith.
Racing career
In September 1979, after Niatross won his first six races, a half interest in him was sold to Stockbroker Lou Guida and the Niatross syndicate for $2.5 million. He was unbeaten in 13 starts in his 2-year-old season, when he was named Harness Horse of the Year. His earnings of $604,900 were a two-year-old record for either the Standardbred or Thoroughbred breed.
In 1980, Niatross won The Meadowlands Pace, which was the first million dollar race in either standardbred or thoroughbred racing history.
He also won the Triple Crown. In a time trial at The Red Mile in Lexington, Kentucky he beat the world record by three seconds, setting a mark of 1:49.1. In addition to his time trial he paced the fastest race miles on one mile (1.52.1) and half mile (1.54.4) tracks. The 1980 season brought Niatross 24 wins from 26 starts.
Early in the 1980 season Niatross won the Cane Pace before racing at the Saratoga Standardbred track in Saratoga, NY, where he spooked and fell over the inside hubrail and was defeated for the first time.
In an elimination for the Meadowlands Pace, he broke stride, lost valuable ground, regained his gait and, in what Stanley Dancer described as the greatest performance he had seen, recovered and finished 4th, qualifying for the final. In the Meadowlands Pace final, Niatross went right to the front and never looked back, winning by 4 1/2 lengths from Storm Damage in 1.53.1 as the 2-5 favourite. He set a world record for his age and was only 1/5 of a second outside of the overall world record. Trainer Clint Galbraith described the race as being more important than any race in Niatross' career.
Niatross went on to beat all of his competition easily in future starts, frequently setting track records, including a new race, track and Canadian record during the prestigious Prix d'Été at Blue Bonnets racetrack in Montreal, Quebec. He also won the Gaines Memorial at Vernon Downs, the Oliver Wendell Holmes Pace at the Meadowlands, the Dancer Memorial at Freehold and the American Classic at Hollywood Park. In the Little Brown Jug Niatross recorded wins in straight heats of 1.55 and 1.54.4 setting six world records before a record Jug crowd of 45,621. He then won the Messenger Stakes to complete the Triple Crown. A December appearance at Pompano Park, his last career race, brought a crowd of more than 23,000.
Time Trial
Until 1980 the fastest mile recorded in harness racing was 1.52.0 by Steady Star. On October 1, 1980 Niatross time trialled at The Red Mile in Lexington, Kentucky with a previous best of 1.52.4 recorded at Syracuse earlier in the year. At The Red Mile Niatross reached the quarter mile in 27.3 almost one second faster than Steady Star's record and the half mile in 54.3 equal with Steady Star. Reaching the three quarter mile in 1.21.4, a 27.2 last quarter resulted in a mile of 1.49.1, the fastest ever by 2 4/5 seconds.
Stud career
By the time Niatross retired to stud at Castleton Farm, Kentucky, in 1981, he had earned more prize money than any other standardbred horse in history. He had been named Harness Horse of the Year in 1979 and 1980, the New York Post Athlete of the Year in 1980, and Harness Horse of the Decade for the 1980s. At stud, he commanded a top price for his services. Among his progeny were winners of the Little Brown Jug. One son, Nihilator, won Horse of the Year honors and his first two crops earned $8.6 million. Niatross was relocated to Pine Hollow Farm in New York in 1983 and to Saratoga Standardbred Farm in 1986 however he was not as successful in New York as he had been in Kentucky.
In 1996, when he was 19 years old, Niatross made a 20-city tour for his fans in Canada and the United States. In 1997, he was inducted as a member of the Living Horse Hall of Fame. In May 1999, he took ill and was transported to the University of Pennsylvania's New Bolton Center where he was diagnosed with a large cancerous mass in his abdomen. On June 7, 1999, Niatross was humanely euthanized. He was cremated with his remains interred at the Hall Of Fame Museum in Goshen, New York.
Pedigree
References
See also
Niatross wins the Little Brown Jug - YouTube
1977 racehorse births
1999 racehorse deaths
American Standardbred racehorses
American Champion harness horses
Harness Horse of the Year winners
United States Harness Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Little Brown Jug winners
Cane Pace winners
Messenger Stakes winners
Triple Crown of Harness Racing winners
Horse racing track record setters
Torso of a Young Man is a sculpture created by Constantin Brâncuși between 1917 and 1922. It depicts the male torso as a cylinder mounted on vestigial cylindrical legs, cut off at mid-thigh. Sidney Geist has pointed out that the sculpture, without genitalia, is itself a phallus with testes. There are several versions. Torso of a Young Man I was carved from a fork in a maple branch wood mounted on a limestone block. It is now in the Brodsky Gallery of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. A similar sculpture, dated 1923 and carved in walnut, is in the Musée National d'Art Moderne, Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris. Brancusi also cast the torso in highly polished bronze. The two examples of this version are held in the Cleveland Museum of Art and the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden
References
Sculptures by Constantin Brâncuși
Bronze sculptures in the United States
Sculptures in France
Sculptures of the Cleveland Museum of Art
Philadelphia Museum of Art
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden
Collection of the Musée National d'Art Moderne
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Seki was born in Ibaraki Prefecture on June 5, 1978. After graduating from Osaka University of Commerce, he joined J1 League club Tokyo Verdy in 2001. He debuted in April and played 3 matches in a row as forward after the debut. However he could only this 3 matches and retired end of 2001 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Osaka University of Commerce alumni
Association football people from Ibaraki Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
Tokyo Verdy players
Association football forwards
Danny Nordahl is a bass guitarist who currently plays in the bands Faster Pussycat and Motochrist.
He has also played in the bands The Throbs.., Stiv Bators And His Evil Boys, N.Y. Loose, The Newlydeads, Tracii Guns' version of L.A. Guns, and Hollywood Roses.
Discography
With Stiv Bators And His Evil Boys
Live At The Limelight (1989)
With The Throbs
The Language of Thieves and Vagabonds (1991)
With N.Y. Loose
Trash The Given Chance (1995)
Loosen Up! (1995)
Year of the Rat (1996)
The Crow: City of Angels (soundtrack) (1996)
With The Newlydeads
Dead End (2001)
With Faster Pussycat
The Power and the Glory Hole (2006)
Front Row for the Donkey Show (2009)
With Motochrist
666-Pack (2000)
Greetings From The Bonneville Salt Flats (2003)
Hollywood High (live) (2006)
Corvette Summer (2010)
Chrome (2015)
With Hollywood Roses
Dopesnake (2007)
With L.A. Guns
Acoustic Gypsy Live (2011)
References
American bass guitarists
The Newlydeads members
Faster Pussycat members
L.A. Guns members
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Blind Rage is the 14th studio album by German heavy metal band Accept. It was released on 15 August 2014 on Nuclear Blast Records. The album debuted at number one on the German albums chart. This is Accept's last album with guitarist Herman Frank and drummer Stefan Schwarzmann, who both left the band in December 2014.
Background
The album's title and cover artwork were revealed in early April 2014. At the same time, it was announced that the album was due to be released on 18 July 2014. However, this would later be pushed back to 15 August 2014.
The band announced a touring schedule to promote the album. Four US dates were performed in mid-September 2014. Following that, the band will tour Europe in September and October 2014. Several Australian shows are also scheduled for November 2014.
The album's lead single, "Stampede" was released on 11 July 2014. A video, directed by Greg Aronowitz, was also made for the song. It features the band performing at the Devil's Punchbowl in the California desert. On 13 August 2014, a lyric video was released for "Final Journey".
A guitar solo of Final Journey uses the theme of Morning Mood from Edvard Grieg (Peer Gynt, 1876).
Reception
Gregory Heaney of Allmusic commented that the album was like a guard dog on a short leash; "restrained, but still dangerous, as if at any moment things could break bad and spin out of control."
Ray Van Horn, Jr. of Blabbermouth.net gave a favorable review of the album. He cited it as proof that Accept are still "masters of their trade, no matter who holds the mike." Van Horn also opined that a couple songs on the album reference moments from earlier in the band's career, notably Balls to the Wall and Metal Heart.
Mark Gromen of Brave Words and Bloody Knuckles reacted positively to the album. Gromen noted that the album compares more closely to Blood of the Nations than it does to Stalingrad.
George Nisbet of All About The Rock said "Overall, it's a solid, dynamic and incredibly vital album… the metal heart of Accept beats stronger with each new release"
Blind Rage debuted at number one on the German charts, making it the band's first number one debut in their career. The album also debuted at number one in Finland, and peaked at #35 on the Billboard 200, making it Accept's highest chart position in the United States.
The album won a 2014 Metal Storm Award for Best Heavy Metal/Melodic Album.
Track listing
Personnel
All credits adapted from liner notes
Band
Mark Tornillo – lead vocals
Wolf Hoffmann – guitar
Herman Frank – guitar
Peter Baltes – bass guitar
Stefan Schwarzmann – drums
Production
Produced, engineered, mixed and mastered by Andy Sneap
Artwork and layout by Dan Goldsworthy
Charts
References
Accept (band) albums
2014 albums
Albums produced by Andy Sneap
Nuclear Blast albums
Reznikov () is a Slavic and Jewish masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Reznikova. Notable people with the surname include:
Hanon Reznikov (1950–2008), American actor and writer
Nikol Reznikov (born 1999), Israeli model and beauty pageant
Oleksii Reznikov, Ukrainian politician
Patricia Reznikov (born 1962), Franco-American writer
Stanislav Reznikov (born 1986), Russian footballer
Viktor Reznikov (1952–1992), Russian composer, lyricist and singer
Vladimir Reznikov (died 1986), Russian-American gangster
Fictional characters
Galina "Red" Reznikov, a character from the Netflix series Orange Is the New Black
See also
Reznik
Russian-language surnames
Subramaniam Vishwanathan Iyer, (S. "Vijay" Iyer, born 25 December 1957), is currently the Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, the former Managing Director of Rio Tinto India, and had previously served as Director of Energy and Sustainable Development at the World Bank Group.
Iyer holds an MS in Chemistry from Jabalpur University and a Masters in Management from the Yale School of Management.
Career
Rio Tinto India
As Managing Director of Rio Tinto India, Iyer focused on strengthening the company's position in India and consolidating its operations. He brought a pronounced focus on sustainability and safety, building partnerships with other companies and more broadly within the Indian Mining Industry. As Sr. Vice President of the Federation of Indian Mineral Industries (FIMI) and the Chair of its Sustainability Mining Initiative, Iyer promoted sustainability initiatives and efforts aimed at lifting the public perception of mining in the country.
World Bank Group
Sustainable Energy for All
Iyer's primary focus as Energy Director of the World Bank Group was increasing access to clean energy for the poor through collaboration between the public and private sectors, primarily in Sub-Saharan Africa. Notable projects include the Bangladesh Solar Initiative, which provided solar power to over 2 million rural homes which were previously without electricity and lighting. Additionally, Iyer worked to increase electrification for thousands of rural poor in Senegal, Ethiopia, and Tanzania, and also implemented some biomass energy projects
Criticism
Despite the Bank's efforts to increase electrification, Iyer drew criticism from environmental policy advocates in 2014 for asserting that fossil fuels are a viable option to increase electrification for Africa's poor. In response, Iyer maintained that renewable options were cost prohibitive for many regions in Africa that had no access to energy, and that in order for these cost barriers to be removed, the economic growth that results from initial electrification must first be realized.
District Collector Indore
Prior to joining the World Bank, Iyer served as District collector through the Indian Administrative Service in the city of Indore in Madhya Pradesh, India. During his term as Collector, Iyer worked to enhance government transparency, eliminate corruption in the police force, and restore historic sites in the greater Indore area.
References
1957 births
Living people
Temora Shire is a local government area in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. It is on Burley Griffin Way. The Shire was created on 1 January 1981 via the amalgamation of Narraburra Shire and the Municipality of Temora.
It includes the town of Temora and the small towns of Springdale, Sebastapol, Ariah Park, Gidginbung, Narraburra and Wallundry.
The mayor of Temora Shire is Cr. Rick Firman.
Heritage listings
The Temora Shire has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Temora, Cootamundra-Griffith railway: Temora railway station
Council
Current composition and election method
Temora Shire Council is composed of nine councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor is elected by the councillors at the first meeting of the council. The most recent election was held on 10 September 2016 and the makeup of the council is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2016, in order of election, is:
References
Local government areas of the Riverina
Local government areas of New South Wales
1981 establishments in Australia
Szilaspogony is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Tbaeng Meanchey District is a district located in Preah Vihear Province, in northern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it consisted of six communes and had a population of 21,580. In 2008–2009, two communes—Kampong Pranak and Pal Hal—formed a new district, the Preah Vihear Municipality; according to the 2008 census, the population of the resulting four-commune district was 9,518.
The following table shows the communes in the district as of 2020.
References
Districts of Preah Vihear province
Van Hackett was a weekend news anchor for KTRK-TV in Houston, Texas from 1980 to 1987. He also co-anchored the station's Live at Five newscasts for a few years before being moved to the weekends. Prior to joining KTRK-TV, Hackett was the assistant news director for WPTV-TV in West Palm Beach, Florida from 1973 until 1976. He later left KTRK-TV during the summer of 1987 and joined 1010 WINS Radio in New York City, New York for a few years before joining WWOR-TV in Secaucus, New Jersey as well as anchoring at WVIT-TV in New Britain, Connecticut until his resignation in 1993.
References
American television news anchors
American radio journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Commo is a telecommunications program which was written and maintained from 1989 to 1998 by Fred P. Brucker. It was a macro-driven package and could be customized by the user. The program, written in optimized assembly language and distributed as shareware, was small and fast.
The macro language used by Commo was simple, with assembly language-like statements surrounded by curly braces. It offered the ability to control most aspects of the terminal. For instance, the following macro would reconfigure the Alt-X key to display a dialog box, allowing the user to confirm before exiting the program:
{:alx} {info-qs0 Really exit?}
{ifco ,alxn} {exit} {:alxn} {}
The program's macro and configuration files were free-form text which could be edited with any text editor. This led to popularity among those who wanted to be able to configure the program.
Fred Brucker actively provided support for screen readers to work with COMMO, which made it a popular program for the visually impaired. The Powermacros add-on made COMMO one of the first Trade Wars 2002 'helper' programs. MacroBBS was a Bulletin board system written entirely out of COMMO macros.
Mr. Brucker released the last version of COMMO on 25 December 1998.
See also
Telix
Qmodem
Terminate (software)
Kermit
Minicom
ProComm Plus
External links
commo75.zip — {COMMO} 7.5 shareware archive (1997)
commo77.zip — (COMMO) 7.7, final version (1998)
Communication software
Terminal emulators
DOS software
Holckenhus is a late 19th-century, residential perimeter block located between Dantes Plads (Nos. 2–6), H. C. Andersens Boulevard (No. 33), Vester Voldgade (Nos. 86–90) and Stormgade (No. 35) in central Copenhagen, Denmark. The lofts of the four corner pavilions contained studio space and dwellings for artists. Artists who have lived and worked in the building include Peder Severin Krøyer, Emil Nolde and Bertha Wegmann.
History
Holckenhus is located in the grounds of Copenhagen's former West Rampart and takes its name from Holck's Bastion, which used to be located at the site.
The building was constructed for Foreningen Socialt Boligbyggeri in 1891–93. It was designed by Philip Smidth.
Architecture
The building was designed with inspiration from French Renaissance architecture. The two lower floors have granite rustication. The upper floors stand in blank red brick with decorations in painted cement. French Renaissance architecture was also a source of inspiration for other prominent development projects in Copenhagen, such as Søtorvet and Magasin du Nord.
Artist's studios
The lofts of the four corner pavilions contain studio facilities and dwellings for artists. A number of prominent artists have lived and worked in the building. Peder Severin Krøyer and Marie Krøyer had their winter home in the building from its completion in 1892 but continued to spend the summers at Skagen. Emil Nolde lived in the building during his stay in Copenhagen in 1900–01. Bertha Wegmann and Agnes and Harald Slott-Møller have also lived and worked in the building.
Kristian Zahrtmann operated a painting school from the building in the early 1900s.
More recent residents include Jens Birkemose, Maria Wandel, Carl Krull, Peter Bonén and Jesper Langberg.
References
Further reading
Architekten, V, 1898-99, page 114
Millech, Knud and Fisker, Kay: Danske Arkitekturstrømninger 1850-1950, Østifternes Kreditforening, 1951.
External links
Image
Source
Source
Apartment buildings in Copenhagen
Artists' studios in Copenhagen
Renaissance Revival architecture in Copenhagen
Residential buildings completed in 1783
Jack or Jackson Trengove is the name of two Australian rules footballers:
Jackson Trengove, (born 1990) was drafted in 2008 by Port Adelaide
Jack Trengove (footballer), (born 1991) was drafted in 2009 by Melbourne
Theerayut Duangpimy (Thai ธีรยุทธ ด้วงพิมาย ) is a Thai former footballer. He currently plays for Thailand Division 1 League side Samut Prakan Customs United F.C.
References
External links
Profile at Thaipremierleague.co.th
1982 births
Living people
Theerayut Duangpimy
Theerayut Duangpimy
Association football defenders
Flavio Premoli (born 1949 in Varese) is an Italian musician and composer, one of the four founding members of the Italian progressive rock band Premiata Forneria Marconi (PFM).
Premoli is currently endorsed by Yamaha synthesizers and pianos, and he is an accomplished accordion performer from the age of 9. Recently, he has been writing music for many Italian TV series and commercials.
References
1949 births
Living people
Musicians from Varese
Italian keyboardists
Premiata Forneria Marconi members
Davidești is a commune in Argeș County. Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Conțești, Davidești, and Voroveni.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Go, Dog. Go! is an educational computer animated children's streaming television series based on the 1961 children's book of the same name by P. D. Eastman, which was developed for Netflix by Adam Peltzman.
Co-produced by DreamWorks Animation Television and WildBrain Studios, the series premiered on January 26, 2021. A second season was released on December 7, 2021. A third season was released on September 19, 2022.
Premise
The series revolves around the lifestyle of two young canines, Tag Barker and Scooch Pooch, in their canine town of Pawston.
Characters
Main characters
Tag Barker (voiced by Michela Luci) a 6-year-old orange dog resembling a Beagador. Tag is the only dog to appear in all episodes and segments, and is very energetic and open. She is skilled at making inventions.
Scooch Pooch (voiced by Callum Shoniker) a 6-year-old small blue dog resembling a Terrier. Scooch is a new neighbor in the town of Pawston (as he has moved in from a farm), and he is more shy and reserved compared to Tag. He's Tag's best friend and neighbor.
Ma Barker (voiced by Katie Griffin) a lavender dog resembling a Beagador. She is one of the Pawston blimp pilots, and is the mother of Tag, Cheddar Biscuit, Gilber, Spike and Yip Barker.
Paw Barker (voiced by Martin Roach) a brown dog resembling a Beagador. He owns and runs the Ding Dong Doorbell store, and is the father of Tag, Cheddar Biscuit, Gilber, Spike and Yip Barker.
Cheddar Biscuit (voiced by Tajja Isen) a 7-year-old white polka-dotted dog resembling a Beagador. She is a clown and loves performing for people, and is the sister of Tag, Gilber, Spike and Yip Barker. She's very supportive of Tag but often gets competitive with her. Gilber often performs with her on her acts.
Spike Barker (voiced by Lyon Smith) a red dog resembling a Beagador. Spike left the Race Cadets to join the Space Cadets, and is the brother of Tag, Cheddar Biscuit, Gilber and Yip Barker. He's very athletic and likes sports.
Gilber Barker (voiced by Lyon Smith; James Cartmell in the UK dub) a yellow dog resembling a Beagador, and is the schemer of the Barkers, and Tag's frenemy. He is the brother of Tag, Cheddar Biscuit, Spike and Yip Barker. He often works alongside Cheddar Biscuit whenever she's performing or competing against Tag.
Grandma Marge Barker (voiced by Judy Marshank) a purple dog resembling a Beagador. She is the Barker family matriarch, and is the grandmother of Tag, Cheddar Biscuit, Gilber, Spike and Yip Barker. Both Marge and Mort run a repair shop in Pawston.
Grandpaw Mort Barker (voiced by Patrick McKenna) a beige dog resembling a Beagle crossed with a Basset hound. He runs a repair shop with Marge, and is the grandfather of Tag, Cheddar Biscuit, Gilber, Spike and Yip Barker.
Yip Barker (voiced by Diane Salemi) a purple puppy resembling a Beagador. He is the brother of Tag, Cheddar Biscuit, Spike and Gilber Barker.
Sgt Pooch (voiced by Linda Ballantyne) a blue dog resembling a Terrier who is Scooch's mother and a police officer in Pawston.
Supporting characters
Frank (voiced by David Berni) a yellow bespectacled dog resembling a cross between a Beagle and a Dachshund and one of Tag's rivals. Frank is always scheming for selfish ends, and is the brains of the duo between him and Beans.
Beans (voiced by Anand Rajaram) a large green dog resembling an Old English Sheepdog in an aviator's flight cap and one of Tag's rivals/frenemy. Beans is idiotic but kind-hearted, and often serves as the muscle to Frank's schemes.
Lady Lydia (voiced by Linda Ballantyne) a rose-colored Poodle who is famous in Pawston for having the most hats of any dog in town.
Gerald (voiced by Patrick McKenna) a teal dog resembling a cross between a Terrier and a Great Dane. Gerald is one of Pawston's more recent arrivals, and works in the town delivering mail.
Muttfield (voiced by Patrick McKenna) a purple dog resembling a cross between a Beagador and a Bulldog. He is a famous magician in Pawston.
Manhole Dog (voiced by Patrick McKenna) a beige dog resembling a Beagle crossed with a Basset hound and a French Bulldog. As his name suggests, Manhole Dog is often seen peeking out of manholes all over Pawston, and he also wears a manhole cover on his head. He is also secretly Master Wag, a master of the art known as "Tail-kwondo".
Mayor Sniffington (voiced by Linda Ballantyne) a purple dog resembling a cross between a Beagador and a pug who is the mayor of Pawston.
Sam Whippet (voiced by Joshua Graham) a blue dog resembling a Greyhound. Whippet is a Pawston celebrity, having several undefeated streaks in the race course. Tag idolizes him.
The Barkapellas a trio of dogs who sing harmonically instead of speaking. A three feature mohawks and wear ties, shirt collars and suit cuffs.
Tenor (voiced by Paul Buckley) the tall orange male of the Barkapellas.
Bass (voiced by Reno Selmser) the short purple male of the Barkapellas.
Alto (voiced by Zoe D'Andrea) the medium-sized cyan female of the Barkapellas.
Beefsteak (voiced by Tajja Isen) a strong pink dog resembling a Chihuahua. She is an exercise coach at the Ruff and Tumble Gym.
Wind Swiftly (voiced by Ava Preston) a purple dog.
Tread Lightly a teal dog.
Doug a yellow dog.
Wagnes (voiced by Judy Marshank) a blue dog who works at the Big Bowl Diner.
Hambonio a red hairdresser dog.
Big Dog (voiced by Matthew Mucci) a large white dog with large gray ears, who's friends with Little Dog.
Little Dog (voiced by Hattie Kragten) a small purple dog, who's friends with Big Dog.
Coach Chewman (voiced by Phill Williams) a red dog.
Gabe Roof (voiced by Phill Williams) a yellow dog.
Waggs Martinez (voiced by Linda Ballantyne) a purple dog.
Flip Chasely (voiced by Anand Rajaram) a brown dog.
Catch Morely (voiced by Julie Lemieux) a blue dog.
Donny Slippers (voiced by Jamie Watson) a red dog.
Bernard Rubber (voiced by Joshua Graham) a little teal dog.
Kit Whiskerton (voiced by Zarina Rocha) a purple cat.
Others
Fetcher (voiced by Deven Mack) a teal dog resembling a cross between a Beagle, a Poodle, and a Labrador retriever. Fetcher has been stranded on Ball Island ever since he was a pup after he chased after his favorite ball.
Kelly Korgi (voiced by Stacey Kay) a peach-colored dog who resembles a cross between a corgi and a shiba inu. Korgi is a well-renowned singer and popstar amongst the citizens of Pawston, and her music is very excitedly received.
Leo Howlstead (voiced by John Stocker) an elderly grey dog who resembles a cross between Great Dane, a husky, and a German Shepherd. Leo lives in a Senior Center and used to be a row cadet, and unlike the vast majority of his fellow seniors is very active.
Yellow (voiced by Danny Smith) a generic yellow dog resembling a beagador. He is often seen at the amusement park target stands, and awards winners with their prizes in a deadpan manner.
Sandra Paws (voiced by Deann DeGruijter) a large icy blue dog.
Taylee (voiced by Manvi Thapar) a teal puppy.
Chili (voiced by Anand Rajaram) a large red dog resembling an Old English Sheepdog. He's Beans's cousin.
Franny a brown puppy.
Franny's Mom (voiced by Tajja Isen) a mint green dog.
Franny's Dad (voiced by Joshua Graham) a blue dog.
Bowser (voiced by Anand Rajaram) a blue dog.
Cam Snapshot a pink dog.
Early Ed (voiced by Robert Tinkler) a green dog.
Jerry a brown dog.
Onlooker Dog (voiced by Anand Rajaram) a yellow dog.
Brutus (voiced by Patrick McKenna) a blue dog.
Truck Driver (voiced by Joshua Graham) a green dog.
Tom Whiskerton (voiced by Paul Braunstein) a grey cat and Kit's father.
Episodes
Season 1 (2021)
Season 2 (2021)
Season 3 (2022)
Production
The series was first announced back in 2019 as part of seven Netflix Original Preschool shows targeted at 2-6 year olds. It was originally going to be released late 2020, but was delayed until January the following year. The first and second season consists of nine episodes with the third season of eight episodes, each 24 minutes in length. All episodes featured 2 11-12 minute stories, though episodes 6, 9 and 18 are 2-parters and episode 10 is a full length episode.
Release
Go, Dog. Go! premiered on January 26, 2021, globally on Netflix. A trailer was released on January 6, along with an array of teaser clips released by different publications.
Reception
The review, which is from Common Sense Media, gives the series 4 out of 5 stars, and the disclaimer: "Dog adventures with oodles of preschool laughs."
Accolades
References
External links
2021 American television series debuts
2021 Canadian television series debuts
2020s American animated television series
2020s American children's television series
2020s Canadian animated television series
2020s Canadian children's television series
2020s preschool education television series
American children's animated comedy television series
American computer-animated television series
American preschool education television series
American television shows based on children's books
Animated series based on books
Animated television series about dogs
Canadian children's animated comedy television series
Canadian computer-animated television series
Canadian preschool education television series
Canadian television shows based on children's books
Animated preschool education television series
English-language television shows
English-language Netflix original programming
Netflix children's programming
Television series by DHX Media
Television series by DreamWorks Animation
Cecilio Fernández (born 27 July 1959) is a Spanish biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Spanish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Spain
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Castellón de la Plana
Passion gap or Cape Flats smile is a dental modification originating in Cape Flats, Cape Town, South Africa in which people deliberately remove the upper front teeth (maxillary incisors) for fashion and status. The practice is popular among Coloureds and has occasionally been done by White and Chinese South Africans in the area.
Reception
For many years, Cape Town residents had their upper front teeth extracted due to regional cultural fashion. A 2003 study performed by the University of Cape Town found that the main reasons for extracting teeth were fashion and peer pressure followed by gangsterism and medical purposes.
The dental modification is particularly popular in the Cape Flats section of Cape Town. In an interview of 2,167 Coloured people in the Western Cape, 41% have had teeth extracted. Of those who have undergone the procedure, 44.8% were male. Children as young as 11 have had their front teeth extracted for aesthetics.
Other reasons for a passion gap include the belief of improved oral sex and kissing. Another belief is that fishermen extract their teeth to whistle louder to one another. Though the practice is still popular in the region today, perception is changing. Some employers specifically forbid the display of a passion gap.
History
Dental modification in Southern Africa has been documented for 1500 years. Other forms of dental modification are more prevalent in the northern regions of Africa. Deliberate incisor removal in Western Cape remains an exception.
During the mid-seventeenth century, slaves often removed their teeth as a means to "take back control of their own bodies".
Medical implications
While there are no specific medical problems caused by aesthetic dental extraction, the passion gap is described by anaesthesiologists in the region as a potential cause for difficult intubation.
See also
Body modification
References
External links
Passion gaps on Metropolis TV
Body modification
Cultural trends
Cape Town
Teeth
The Mohanpur Government High School is a school located on the Rajshahi-Nogoan highway in Mohanpur, Rajshahi, Bangladesh. It was founded by the educationist Sir Rakhal Babu in 1947. It was nationalized in 1987. It is one of the famous institutes of Rajshahi.
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1947
1947 establishments in Pakistan
Turdinae (the turdine thrushes) are a subfamily of passerine birds in the family Turdidae. They are the sister cladeto the subfamily Myadestinae The divergence between myadestines and turdines occurred 11 million years ago in the Serravallian. Within the turdines they can split into three subgroups: Zoothera occupying a basal position, the second consisting of forest thrush genera (Ixoreus, Ridgwayia, Cichlopsis, Entomodestes, Hylocichla, and Catharus) and the remaining group closer to Turdus (Chlamydochaera, Cochoa, Geokichla, and Turdus).
References
Bird subfamilies
Mats Rits (born 18 July 1993) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Club Brugge. He made his professional debut at age 16 at Germinal Beerschot, where he was formed. He then moved to the famed Ajax academy system before moving back to his native Belgium to play in the Belgian First Division A.
Career
Germinal Beerschot
Rits made his debut at the highest level of Belgian football in a 3–1 win over VC Westerlo. He came on the pitch in the 30th minute as a replacement for the injured Daniel Cruz. Mats Rits scored the equalizer and the last goal of the match.
During his youth career, several bigger clubs showed interest in the Belgium youth international, who had captained his country at the Under-17 level. RSC Anderlecht, Real Madrid, and Ajax were all clubs that expressed an interest in Rits.
Ajax
On 28 June 2011, Rits signed a contract with Ajax. He scored his first goal for Ajax in a friendly match against VV Buitenpost on 2 July 2011 in the 75th minute, with the match ending in a 4–0 away win for Ajax. Four days later on 6 July 2011, Rits scored an additional two goals in the 64th and 70th minutes in a friendly fixture against AZSV Aalten. The match ended in a 11–0 away win for the Amsterdam side. Suffering a back injury during practice, Rits was sidelined for the entire 2011–12 season, and for the first half of the 2012–13 season. He appeared in a couple more friendly fixtures for Ajax while recuperating, but was unable to find his way back into the A-Selection. On 9 October 2012, Rits scored the only goal for Ajax in a 1–1 draw at home, in the 76th minute, in a friendly match against Slovakia club AS Trenčín.
KV Mechelen
Unable to break through into the first team in Amsterdam following his injury, Rits returned to Belgium, signing a 2.5-year contract with KV Mechelen during the Winter transfer window, on 6 January 2013.
Club Brugge
In the 2018 Summer transfer window, Rits was transferred to Club Brugge.
Career statistics
Honours
Club Brugge
Belgian First Division A: 2019–20, 2020–21
Belgian Super Cup: 2018, 2021
References
External links
Player info at the official Germinal Beerschot website
Player info at sporza.be
Belgium stats at Belgian FA
1993 births
Living people
Footballers from Antwerp
Belgian footballers
Association football midfielders
Belgium youth international footballers
Beerschot A.C. players
Belgian First Division A players
Eredivisie players
Jong Ajax players
AFC Ajax players
K.V. Mechelen players
Club Brugge KV players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
The Narciso Ramos Sports and Civic Center (NRSCC), also known as the Narciso Ramos Sports Complex, is a complex of sports facilities in Lingayen, Pangasinan.
Facilities
The main stadium of the Narciso Ramos Sports and Civic Center has a grandstand which can seat a maximum of 16,000 people as well as a rubberized athletics track oval. It also hosts a 2,500 capacity gymnasia, outdoor courts, bowling alley, a second sports gym. Dormitories are also present within the complex which has a total capacity of 698 beds. A restaurant and a lagoon are also hosted. The sports complex covers an area of around .
The site also has a swimming pool which was last rehabilitated in 2015. A laundry or linen building, and a mess hall was also inaugurated within the same year.
Events and tenants
The NRSCC has hosted the Palarong Pambansa, the national student's multi-sport games, in two occasions; in 1995 and 2012. It has also held other national competitions such as the Philippine National Open for athletics in 2009 and the National Milo Olympics in 2011. The 2013 Region I Athletics Association (R1AA) meet, a regional competition in the Ilocos Region was also held in the NRSCC.
Athletes from the province are trained at the NRSCC by the provincial government of Pangasinan. The Pangasinan Sports Academy uses the facilities of the NRSCC. The venue was also designated as a training venue for Filipino track and field athletes who would be competing at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games.
References
Sports complexes in the Philippines
Buildings and structures in Pangasinan
Sports in Pangasinan
Athletics (track and field) venues in the Philippines
Casanova Variations is a 2014 French-Austrian-German fantasy historical drama film written and directed by Michael Sturminger and starring John Malkovich. It is based on Histoire de ma vie by Giacomo Casanova, who is played by Malkovich.
Plot
Cast
John Malkovich as Giacomo Casanova
Veronica Ferres as Elisa
Florian Boesch as Giacomo II
Miah Persson as Elisa II
Lola Naymark as Cecile
Kerstin Avemo as Leonilda
Tracy-Ann Oberman as Jessica
Maria João Bastos as Lady Doctor
Kate Lindsey as Belline
Anna Prohaska as Caterina
Barbara Hannigan as Sofia
Topi Lehtipuu as Duke
Fanny Ardant as Lucrecia
Jonas Kaufmann as Count Branicki
References
External links
2010s Italian-language films
French historical fantasy films
Austrian historical films
German historical fantasy films
French biographical drama films
German biographical drama films
Austrian biographical drama films
Cultural depictions of Giacomo Casanova
Films about Giacomo Casanova
English-language French films
English-language German films
2014 biographical drama films
2010s historical fantasy films
2014 drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s French films
2010s German films
Jerzy Jełowicki (11 August 1899 – 22 September 1939) was a Polish landowner, agricultural engineer, military reservist and painter. For his service as a military reservist, he was awarded the Order of Virtuti Militari. He obtained his degree in agronomy at the Warsaw University of Life Sciences, followed by studies at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw.
His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was killed three weeks into the German invasion of Poland in the Siege of Warsaw during World War II.
References
1899 births
1939 deaths
20th-century Polish painters
20th-century Polish male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Polish military personnel killed in World War II
Polish male painters
Recipients of the Virtuti Militari
RC Dnipro (, RK Dnipro) is a Ukrainian rugby club in Dnipro. They currently play in the Ukrainian rugby second league.
History
The club was founded in 2009, but rugby was first played in former Dnipropetrovsk around the mid-1960s. There were various teams at different times, such as SC Atlant and RC Flanker.
External links
RC Dnipro
Rugby clubs established in 2009
Ukrainian rugby union teams
Sport in Dnipro
2009 establishments in Ukraine
Aanandha Kummi is a 1983 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Bala Krishnan and produced by Jeeva Ilaiyaraaja for Ilaiyaraaja Pictures. The songs were recorded in Bombay with R.D.Burman orchestra. The film stars Ashwini and a newcomer Balachandran. It was released on 25 December 1983, and failed at the box office.
Plot
The pannaiyar of a small village is highly respected due to his generosity and kindness. His wife is equally well-liked and the loving couple have a son, Jeeva (Balachandar). The pannaiyar's right-hand man is Azhagiri, a man who's feared throughout the town as he's prone to violence. However, he will only resort to violence when he feels an injustice or wrong warrants his intervention. Azhagiri's sister, Devanai, is a young widow with a daughter, Selvi (Ashwini). The pannaiyar and his wife financially support Devanai's family. Selvi and Jeeva go to school together and are friends from childhood. As they grow older, their friendship grows into love. They go away to attend the same college. While they're away, long brewing secrets between the two families come to light and drastically change both families' circumstances. Jeeva and Selvi return home to a much-altered situation and face new challenges to their love that they must overcome.
Cast
Balachandran
Ashwini
Goundamani
Senthil
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. Lyrics were written by Vairamuthu and Gangai Amaren. A section of "Oru Kili Uruguthu" was incorporated into the official trailer for The Lovebirds (2020). The song also features in Miracle, a segment of the anthology film Putham Pudhu Kaalai (2020).
References
External links
1980s Tamil-language films
1983 films
Films directed by Gokula Krishnan
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Postpericardiotomy syndrome (PPS) is a medical syndrome referring to an immune phenomenon that occurs days to months (usually 1–6 weeks) after surgical incision of the pericardium (membranes encapsulating the human heart). PPS can also be caused after a trauma, a puncture of the cardiac or pleural structures (such as a bullet or stab wound), after percutaneous coronary intervention (such as stent placement after a myocardial infarction or heart attack), or due to pacemaker or pacemaker wire placement.
Signs and symptoms
The typical signs of post-pericardiotomy syndrome include fever, pleuritis (with possible pleural effusion), pericarditis (with possible pericardial effusion), occasional but rare pulmonary infiltrates, and fatigue. Cough, pleuritic or retrosternal chest pain, joint pain and decreased oxygen saturation can also be seen in some cases.
Other signs include arthritis, together with petechiae on the skin and palate.
Complications
Complications include pericarditis, pericardial effusion, pleuritis, pulmonary infiltration, and very rarely pericardial tamponade. Of these cardiac tamponade is the most life-threatening complication. The pericardial fluid increases intra-pericardial pressure therefore preventing complete expansion of the atria and the ventricles upon the diastole. This causes equilibration of the pressure in all four heart chambers, and results in the common findings of the tamponade which are pulsus paradoxus, Beck's triad of hypotension, muffled heart sounds, and raised jugular venous pressure, as well as EKG or Holter monitor findings such as electrical alternans. Physically the patients who progress to severe pericardial tamponade obtundate, become mentally altered, and lethargic. If left untreated, severe decrease in cardiac output, vascular collapse, and hypoperfusion of body including the brain results in death.
Pathogenesis
The cause is believed to be an autoimmune response against damaged cardiac tissue. This is supported by excellent response to immunosuppressive (steroid) therapy.
This condition is a febrile illness caused by immune attack of the pleura and the pericardium. Possible cell mediated immunity led by Helper T-cells and Cytotoxic T-cells is postulated to be important in the pathogenesis of this condition. There is also possibility of anti-cardiac antibodies created idiopathically, or due to concurrent cross-reactivity of the antibodies produced against viral antigens, however the latter assumption is not fool-proof or completely reliable due to conflicting studies.
Diagnosis
A chest X-ray might depict pleural effusion, pulmonary infiltration, or pericardial effusion.
During medical doctor examination, a pericardial friction rub can be auscultated indicating pericarditis. Auscultation of the lungs can show crackles indicating pulmonary infiltration, and there can be retrosternal/pleuritic chest pain worse on inspiration (breathing in). Patient can also depict sweating (diaphoresis) and agitation or anxiety.
Treatment
Colchicine
Colchicine has been used effectively to prevent pericarditis, and inflammation that follows surgery of the pericardium. Although no current drug on the market prevents post-pericardiotomy syndrome, colchicine seems to provide an effective and safe way to treat pericarditis by reducing inflammation. Colchicine is a natural product extracted from plants, and is a secondary metabolite (an organic compound not directly related to growth and development in an organism).
Colchicine interferes with the inflammatory process by altering several important steps in the pathway. Microtubules are structural components of the cytoskeleton that lengthen and shrink for important cell functions. Colchicine binds to β- tubulin and forms tubulin-colchicine complexes., These complexes interfere with microtubule formation microtubules. Low doses of colchicine can inhibit the formation of microtubules, while high doses depolymerize or break down a polymer to a monomer. Therefore, any process involving cytoskeleton change, including mitosis and motility of white blood cells, are highly impacted.
Microtubule disruption decrease neutrophil adhesion, an important step for inflammation. Neutrophils are recruited to the target location of inflammation via signals from the endothelium where they adhere and play a role in the inflammatory response. Colchicine diminishes neutrophil adhesion by decreasing expression of selectins, a family of cell adhesion molecules. In addition, colchicine prevents the movement and secretion of intercellular granules, substances, proinflammatory enzymes from neutrophils, thus making a significant impact on inflammatory processes within the body. The high concentration of colchicine in neutrophils, sixteen times greater compared the plasma levels, can account for the positive therapeutic effects.
Many mediators are altered to assist neutrophils during inflammation, including the monokine tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFα). Cytokines help stimulate the acute phase reaction in response to inflammation. Colchicine inhibits macrophage production of TNFα, leading to the interference between TNFα and neutrophil interaction. There are many more effects of colchicine that are currently under research, and some aspects of this metabolite are not fully understood.
There was great hope that Colchicine could be a primary preventive measure in treating Post-Pericardiotomy Syndrome due to its anti-inflammatory effects. In the COPPS-2 trial, however, perioperative use of colchicine compared with placebo reduced the incidence of postpericardiotomy syndrome but not of postoperative AF or postoperative pericardial/pleural effusion. The increased risk of gastrointestinal adverse effects reduced the potential benefits of colchicine in this setting. Thus colchicine is not likely going to be the ideal way to prevent this problem.
Epidemiology
More common in children and often common in patients receiving cardiac operations that involve opening the pericardium. CABG surgery is a common culprit.
See also
Skin lesion
Dressler syndrome
References
External links
Heart diseases
Vascular-related cutaneous conditions
Syndromes
Rivand () may refer to:
Rivand, Davarzan
Rivand, Rashtkhvar
Rivand Rural District
Clyde Vickers is a motorsport industry businessman, and a former stock car racing driver and team owner. Vickers owns CV Products which manufactures and distributes race parts and accessories, as well as several other smaller businesses.
Early life and education
Vickers was raised in Silver Valley, North Carolina and attended high school there. As a young man, Vickers owned a service station in Thomasville, North Carolina and worked as a car salesman in High Point, North Carolina.
Motorsports career
Vickers began stock car racing in 1973 in the Hobby division and later moved into the Late Model Sportsman division, racing at Caraway Speedway and Bowman Gray Stadium.
Vickers raced intermittently into the early 1980s, with downtime caused by financial difficulties. In the mid-1970s he went to work on several NASCAR crews, including those run by Morgan Shepherd and Richard Childress.
In 1988, Vickers founded CV Products, an auto racing and powersports parts company located in Thomasville, North Carolina. Vickers remained active in racing during this period, working as a spotter and crew member for former Winston Cup driver Jimmy Means until 1993.
In 1993, in addition to his work with his new company, Vickers began helping his son Brian Vickers with his career as a Go-Kart racer. The younger Vickers later began racing stock cars at age 13 in the Winston Cup series.
In 2001, Vickers owned a team which raced in the NASCAR Busch Series. in which Brian Vickers was a driver. The team was not a financial success. Brian later went on to drive for other teams and win many races.
In 2007 Vickers also was owner of another motorsport company, Xceldyne. By 2009 the companies had merged and were presented with a North Carolina Motorsports Industry Association award as the best large company.
In 2013 CV Products employed 160 people. That year, Vickers was appointed to the North Carolina Motorsports Council.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
NASCAR team owners
In the Time of Gods is the eighth studio album by Dar Williams. It was released April 17, 2012 on Razor & Tie, the label that has released almost all of her albums.
Track listing
All songs written by Dar Williams, except where noted.
"I Am the One Who Will Remember Everything" – 3:33
"This Earth" – 3:13
"I Have Been Around the World" (Williams, Rob Hyman) – 3:17
"The Light and the Sea" (Williams, Hyman) – 3:42
"You Will Ride with Me Tonight" – 2:41
"Crystal Creek" – 3:56
"Summer Child" (Williams, Hyman) – 3:05
"I Will Free Myself" (Williams, Hyman) – 3:15
"Write This Number Down" – 3:00
"Storm King" – 3:16
The album is about Greek mythology.
References
2012 albums
Dar Williams albums
Razor & Tie albums
Concept albums
Ancient Greece in art and culture
Venerini may refer to:
Rosa Venerini, M.P.V., Saint (1656–1728), Italian foundress of the Religious Teachers Venerini (Italian: Maestre Pie Venerini)
Religious Teachers Venerini, a pioneering institute of the Catholic Church for free public education of girls in Italy
See also
Veneri (disambiguation)
The Top Challenge League was a professional rugby union competition in Japan. It was the second-highest level of rugby competition in the country and is a companies league; all the teams are owned by major companies and the players are generally employees of their company. The Japan Rugby Football Union created the Top League Challenge Series in 2003 in order to give teams playing in the second-tier regional leagues a pathway to progress to the top tier Top League; this became the Top Challenge League in 2017 when a second-tier league was introduced. The competition was disbanded following the creation of the fully-professional Japan Rugby League One ahead of 2022, with the Top League and Top Challenge League being absorbed together to form one three division tournaments.
History
For the 2003–04 season, a Top League competition was created as the top-tier competition in Japan, consisting of twelve teams. All remaining teams were placed in one of three regional leagues, as follows:
Top East League, administered by the Japan East Rugby Football Union
Top West League, administered by the Kansai Rugby Football Union
Top Kyūshū League, administered by the Kyūshū Rugby Football Union
The Top League Challenge Series was introduced as a post-season competition for the leading teams from these three regional leagues to win promotion to the Top League for the following season.
In August 2016, the JRFU announced that the Top League Challenge Series would become a second-tier league from 2017 onwards, known as the Top Challenge League.
Format
Between 2003–04 and 2016–17, the Top League Challenge Series consisted of two divisions – the Challenge 1 and the Challenge 2 series. The three teams that won the regional leagues progressed to the Challenge 1 series, while the runners-up progressed to the Challenge 2 series. In both divisions, teams played in a round-robin format to determine the final standings.
While the exact format varied from season to season, a number of top-placed teams in the Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the next season's Top League each season, while the next-best teams qualified for promotion play-off matches against teams that finished towards the bottom of that season's Top League. The top teams from Challenge 2 would either qualify to the promotion play-off matches, or progress to the same season's Challenge 1 series.
Seasons
The following Top League Challenge Series were played as post-season play-offs:
The following Top Challenge League seasons were played as a round-robin league:
See also
Top League
Japan Company Rugby Football Championship
References
External links
Rugby union leagues in Japan
Sport leagues established in 2003
2003 establishments in Japan
Professional sports leagues in Japan
Emily Black is a British environmental scientist. As of June 2022, she is Professor of Meteorology at the University of Reading and a senior research fellow in National Centre for Atmospheric Science (Climate).
Background and scientific career
Black completed an MA in Natural Sciences at Gonville and Caius College, University of Cambridge in 1996 and PhD at Wolfson College, University of Oxford in 1999. She moved to the National Centre for Atmospheric Science (Climate) at the University of Reading in 2000 and was promoted to Professor in 2018. Black leads the Tropical Applications of Meteorology using Satellite data (TAMSAT) programme which provides early warning of rainfall excess and deficit for the whole of Africa.
Research interests
Black's research focusses on the variability in the hydrological cycle and its associated hazards, particularly relating to human impacts. She is an expert in land-atmosphere interactions and their impact on climate. Black also advises policy and response to changing rainfall, primarily through the TAMSAT programme.
Awards and honours
2021 Times Higher Education (THE) Awards Research Project of the Year (STEM) for work on TAMSAT
2020 The Royal Meteorological Society Hugh Robert Mill Award, which recognises original research related to rainfall.
2016 Appointed Associate Editor for Royal Meteorological Journal, Atmospheric Science Letters
References
British meteorologists
Living people
20th-century births
Year of birth missing (living people)
Academics of the University of Reading
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Alumni of Wolfson College, Oxford
Women meteorologists
The Trenton Generating Station is a 310 MW Canadian electrical generating station located in the town of Trenton, Nova Scotia.
A thermal generating station, Trenton was opened on the bank of the East River of Trenton by then-provincial Crown corporation Nova Scotia Power Corporation in 1969. It was designed to burn coal mined nearby in Pictou County as well as on Cape Breton Island.
The plant burns coal and features two boilers and two chimneys; one 152 m (500 ft) and one 92 m (300 ft).. The taller stack is tied with those at Lingan Generating Station and Tufts Cove Generating Station as the
tallest freestanding structure in Nova Scotia.
The plant consumes 0.8 million tonnes of coal per year and currently generates approximately 12% of the province's electricity and produces roughly 10% of the province's air pollution, including hydrochloric acid, sulphuric acid, hexachlorobenzene and mercury. Emissions from the station in the form of particulates are a frequent source of pollution complaints in the neighbourhood and region. However, both Trenton units have electrostatic precipitators designed to capture 99% of fly ash emissions from coal burning.
From its inception in 1969 until 2001, Trenton's coal was largely sourced on Cape Breton Island from the Cape Breton Development Corporation (DEVCO). Coal was transported to Trenton from Sydney by rail using CN Rail and later the Cape Breton & Central Nova Scotia Railway.
During the fall-winter-spring of 1991–1992, the generating station burnt locally mined coal from the Westray Mine, located several kilometres south of the plant; the mine was permanently closed on May 9, 1992 after a disastrous methane gas explosion destroyed the mine, killing 26 workers.
Trenton GS burns coal from the nearby Stellarton Surface Coal Mine which is part of a reclamation project for land that was previously the location of an underground mine. Following the closure of DEVCO mines in 2001, Trenton GS was supplied with coal imported from the United States and South America, shipped to a bulk unloading terminal on the Strait of Canso at Point Tupper, then taken by CB&CNS trains to Trenton. The plant is equipped to receive coal from barges entering from the Northumberland Strait through Pictou Harbour; the Trenton Connector Road runs immediately north of the plant and is equipped with a draw-bridge over the East River of Pictou, although the bridge is rarely operated.
See also
List of power stations in Canada
List of the tallest structures in Canada
References
Buildings and structures in Pictou County, Nova Scotia
Coal-fired power stations in Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia Power
Michael Langhi born 2 April 1985 in Sao Carlos, São Paulo, Brazil is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) 3x World Championship Champion and 1x World No-Gi Championship Champion. Langhi is one of a select group of fighters to have won all 4 major Gi Championships more than once – World Championship x3, European Open Championship x6, Pan Jiu-Jitsu Championship x2 and Brazilian Nationals Championship x4.
Langhi began training in 2002 under Rubens Charles at his academy in Sao Carlos. Prior to receiving his Black Belt Langhi was also a multiple World Champion at Blue, Purple and Brown Belt level. In 2009 Langhi was awarded the best Jiu Jitsu Competitor of the year award. Jiu Jitsu talent runs in the family as his brother Michel Langhi is also a multiple IBJJF World Champion.
Langhi retired from competition during the 2019 IBJJF World Championships.
Langhi is widely considered to be one of the best lightweight competitors of all time and he is also recognized globally as an outstanding BJJ Coach having given seminars throughout Brazil and around the World in countries like Finland the UK and Croatia.
He is the CEO at the 13x World Champions Alliance Jiu Jitsu Club in São Paulo where he teaches alongside 7th degree Red and Black Belt Mestre Fabio Gurgel and trains alongside numerous multiple world champions.
References
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Living people
1985 births
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
World No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Championship medalists
Sportspeople from São Paulo (state)
Not Penis Cream is the first EP release by the band I Voted for Kodos. It was released after their first album Close Enough For Ska, and features the same style of ska punk.
The name "Not Penis Cream" (and also a song on the EP) was inspired by a Saturday Night Live skit from 1994. The skit featured Steve Martin selling his own brand of beauty product called "Penis Beauty Cream." The cover of the EP has a brown paper package with the words "Not Penis Cream" labeled across the front in block red letters, just as described by Steve Martin in the SNL skit.
Track listing
"On The Phone"
"Pastaroni"
"Where Are We Going To"
"Not Penis Cream"
"All I Have Left"
"I Tied My Own Shoes Today"
Credits
Rick Bisenius - lead vocals, trombone, moog
Chris Holoyda - guitar
Lee Gordon – mellophone, backing vocals, guitar
Nick Rydell - alto sax
Andrew Anderson - piano, organ, trumpet
Ross Gilliland - bass, backing vocals
Paul Reinke - drums
Andrew "Dafe" Fenton - guitar
Tom Kaboski - tenor sax on tracks 1 & 2
Dave Bartov - trumpet on tracks 1 & 2, lyrics on track 2
I Voted for Kodos albums
2003 EPs
The Chaudiere-Appalaches Junior AA Hockey League is a junior ice hockey league in the Province of Quebec, Canada. The league is sanctioned by Hockey Quebec and Hockey Canada. Its champion competes each Spring for the Coupe Dodge.
History
The CAJAAHL is based in the Chaudière-Appalaches area of Quebec.
The CAJAAHL was formerly known as the Beauce-Bellechase Junior AA League, but changed its name around 2007. At one point the league was known as the Beauce-Frontenac League.
Teams
Champions
Bolded denotes winner of Coupe Dodge as provincial champions.
2006 Levis Levy Honda
2007 Bellechasse Senateurs
2008 Bellechasse Senateurs
2009 St-Georges Cléri Sport
2010 Bellechasse Senateurs
2011 Levis Levy Honda
2012 Levis Levy Honda
2013 Ste-Marie Beaucerons
2014 Bellechasse Lafontaine
2015 Bellechasse Lafontaine
2016 Levis Levy Honda
2017 Bellechasse Lafontaine
2018 Bellechasse Lafontaine
2019 Bellechasse Lafontaine
External links
CAJAAHL website
Coupe Dodge website
B
B
Hockey Quebec
Grand Lake is an unincorporated community in Chicot County in the U.S. state of Arkansas.
History
The town served as a docking point for boats on the Mississippi River prior to the American Civil War. It was also the location of a plantation owned by Isaac H. Hilliard in the Antebellum South.
The A. Landi General Merchandise Building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
Unincorporated communities in Chicot County, Arkansas
Unincorporated communities in Arkansas
Mon is a village and a former municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Alvaschein, Mon, Stierva, Tiefencastel, Alvaneu, Brienz/Brinzauls and Surava merged to form the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.
History
Mon is first mentioned around 1001-1200 as de Maune. In 1281 it was mentioned as Mans. Until 1943 Mon was known as Mons.
Geography
Before the merger, Mon had a total area of . Of this area, 36.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while 58.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.9% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (2.7%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in the Alvaschein sub-district of the Albula district. It is southwest of Tiefencastel on the left hand slope of the Oberhalbstein Range.
Demographics
Mon had a population (as of 2013) of 90. , 5.6% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 7.1%. Most of the population () speaks Rhaeto-Romance (52.3%), with German being second most common (45.3%) and Italian being third ( 1.2%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 46.7% male and 53.3% female. The age distribution, , in Mon is; 13 people or 15.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 8 people or 9.3% are 10 to 14, and 1 people or 1.2% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 5 people or 5.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 11 people or 12.8% are 30 to 39, 17 people or 19.8% are 40 to 49, and 9 people or 10.5% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 11 people or 12.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 9 people or 10.5% are 70 to 79, there are 2 people or 2.3% who are 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 56.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (24.3%), the SVP (13.8%) and the FDP (5.9%).
In Mon about 79.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Mon has an unemployment rate of 0.66%. , there were 19 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 9 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people are employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 11 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance
The baroque Church of St. Franziskus/S. Francestg is listed as a Swiss heritage sites of national significance. The Capuchin built church dates from 1643-48. The frescoes were finished by Johann Rudolf Sturn, but in 1915 were partially painted over. However, following the renovation in 1975, the original frescoes are once again visible.
References
External links
Albula/Alvra
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Alfred Percy Hitchings (13 June 1912 – 1979) was an English racing driver, active during the 1950s. Born in Stoke-on-Trent, he became managing director of the family printing business, based in Hanley, but then served as an officer in the British Army from 1943 to at least 1952. He took part in the famous Le Mans 24 Hours race in 1951 and 1954. On the former occasion, his co-driver Peter Reece crashed their Allard J2 on lap 22, and although the pair were nevertheless able to complete a total of 230 laps they were disqualified because their final lap exceeded the prescribed thirty minute limit. In the 1954 race, the Kieft Sport of Hitchings and his co-driver Georges Trouis completed 26 laps over seven hours before overheating forced its retirement. Between these outings, Hitchings and Trouis met with better fortune in the 1953 RAC Tourist Trophy at the Dundrod Circuit in Northern Ireland, where their DB HBR Panhard took first place in its class. Off the track, Hitchings raced his own Porsche in rallies until at least 1956.
After retiring from racing, Hitchings moved first to Southern Rhodesia, and later to Tangier, Morocco, where he died in 1979.
References
1912 births
1979 deaths
English racing drivers
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Army Service Corps officers
Sportspeople from Stoke-on-Trent
Jade Esteban Estrada (born September 17, 1975) is an American singer, actor, stand-up comedian, journalist and human rights activist. Out Magazine called him "the first gay Latin star."
Biography
Born to David Gonzales Estrada and Aurora (née Sanchez) Estrada, Jade Esteban Estrada has four siblings: Celeste, David, Olga and Sara. As a young boy, Estrada participated in extracurricular school activities and sang in the school choir. Growing up in the Catholic Church, Estrada once believed that he would join the clergy. Through his local parish, he became a member of the Boy Scouts of America. Through the encouragement of his choir instructor, he began to take voice lessons and eventually moved to New York to attend the American Musical and Dramatic Academy.
Estrada appeared in the German production of Starlight Express and worked as a dancer for Seventeen. After two popular appearances as a transgender singer/dancer on The Jerry Springer Show, he worked as Charo's choreographer and lead dancer. He gained international recognition in 1998 when he released the single "Reggae Twist" on the Brooklyn-based Total Envision Records label.
In 2008, he hosted the 19th Annual South Florida GLAAD Media Awards on Bravo. During the Obama Administration, he was invited to The White House to attend the State Arrival Ceremony welcoming President of Mexico Felipe Calderón and his wife Margarita Zavala.
Latin pop music
According to Latina (magazine), Estrada is "probably best known as a Latin pop singer."
In 2001, Estrada made an announcement that would benefit his career. "I am proud to be a gay Latino," he said, while performing at Central New York Pride in Utica, New York.
In April 2002, Estrada lent his name to Being Out Rocks, a two-part National Coming Out Day project organized by the Human Rights Campaign. A poster celebrating "openly gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered musicians" was nationally distributed and encouraged young people to be themselves and to not let gender identity be an obstacle to their success. Other artists who signed their name included Melissa Etheridge, Pet Shop Boys, RuPaul, Michael Stipe and Indigo Girls.
On National Coming Out Day, October 11, 2002, a benefit CD featuring the songs of openly LGBT musicians and straight allies was released by Centaur Entertainment. Estrada, Cyndi Lauper, Queen, k.d. lang and Sarah McLachlan were among the artists who donated songs to the album.
Stand-up comedy
Though Estrada has worked as a stand-up comedian in North America, Australia, South Africa and the United Kingdom, he's mostly known as for his headlining shows throughout the American Southwest. "Estrada's delivery is endearingly folksy," writes Linda Ray of the Tucson Weekly. "It's as if he's metaphorically winking at an audience of friends as he deflates the stereotypes he invites with his flamboyant look, insider-Mexican bon mots and gay-culture references." USA Today's 10 Best wrote, "Laugh Out Loud Comedy Club should be on the top of your bucket list, especially when headlined by Jade Esteban Estrada from Bravo TV and Comedy Central."
Estrada frequently headlines the Sapphire Comedy Hour at Sapphire Las Vegas.
Theatre
In 1993, Estrada played the title role in the national touring production of Tom Thumb in Toyland. In 1997, he returned to San Antonio's Jump-Start Theatre to perform in Milagritos by Sandra Cisneros and in Alicia Mena's There Comes a Time. Of the latter production, Dan R. Goddard of the San Antonio Express-News wrote, "But Estrada gives the best comic performance as poor, put-upon Peter, who allows himself to be overwhelmed by Ceci's fantasies - though it starts to wear thin after his 50th attempt to sing like Pedro Infante even though he's tone deaf."
In 2000, Estrada choreographed and starred in the New York production of Tropical! at Teatro LaTea. Robert Kent of TheatreMania wrote, “The show's greatest strength is the enthusiasm of these entertainers, who beautifully perform Estrada's demanding routines with dazzling smiles not seen in a musical variety show since Donny & Marie.”
In 2016, Estrada was an artist-in-residence at Prohibition Theatre in Houston, Texas. During this time, he wrote, directed and starred in burlesque adaptations of Edgar Allan Poe's The Masque of the Red Death, Eat Me, an adult-themed reboot of Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Tales of a Hard Nut, a comedic adaptation of The Nutcracker. In 2017, he returned to San Antonio to begin a two-year artist residency at the Overtime Theatre where he wrote, directed and choreographed Sinderella and the Glass Zipper, a burlesque adaptation of Cinderella.
Of Estrada's second holiday play, How Burlesque Saved Christmas, Bryan Rindfuss of the San Antonio Current wrote, “From the wild mind behind such unusual offerings as ICONS: The Lesbian and Gay History of the World, Vol. 1, Sinderella and the Glass Zipper, and Tales of a Hard Nut comes How Burlesque Saved Christmas — an original production written, directed and choreographed by multitalented performer Jade Esteban Estrada. Bursting with all the makings of a naughty adaptation of How the Grinch Stole Christmas!, the seasonal affair builds on Estrada's ever-creative comedic chops as well as his background in the scantily clad world of burlesque.”
In 2018, Estrada wrote, directed and starred in Madame X: A Burlesque Fantasy, a story based on the life of portraitist John Singer Sargent and his famous painting, Portrait of Madame X.
Solo work from 2000–2009
During the height of his Latin pop music success, Estrada wrote a solo musical comedy entitled ICONS: The Lesbian and Gay History of the World, Vol. 1, which he performed at the 2002 Columbus Gay and Lesbian Theatre Festival in Columbus, Ohio. In the show, he portrayed Sappho, Michelangelo, Oscar Wilde, Gertrude Stein, Sylvia Rivera and Ellen DeGeneres. The presentation found a core audience among college students and played such institutions as Princeton University, Cornell University and other academic stages.
Two years later, he premiered its sequel, ICONS: The Lesbian and Gay History of the World, Vol. 2, at the 2004 Columbus Gay and Lesbian Theatre Festival. In this installment, he took on the roles of Alexander the Great, Christina, Queen of Sweden, Susan B. Anthony, Billie Jean King, Harvey Milk and Mark Bingham. The show garnered the award for Audience Favorite in Solo Performance. Niki D'Andrea of the Phoenix New Times observed, "While Estrada's long been an admired figure in gay culture, his ICONS show has earned kudos from all sorts of groups."
Estrada debuted ICONS: The Lesbian and Gay History of the World, Vol. 3 at the 2006 Columbus Gay and Lesbian Theatre Festival. In this show, he portrayed Naomi (biblical figure), King James VI and I, Bessie Smith, Greg Louganis and Mary Cheney and won festival awards for Best Solo Performance and Best Original Music.
In 2007, Estrada received a commission to create a solo show about Russian playwright Anton Chekhov for the Twin Cities Chekhov Festival in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Chek it, Baby: A Fabulous Explanation of Anton Chekhov's Fiercest Plays earned favorable reviews when it premiered at Bryant-Lake Bowl the following year. In Lavender Magazine's 2008 Theatre Year in Review, John Townsend gave the show an Outstanding Touring Performance nod and wrote, "Jade Esteban Estrada actually put a queer spin on Anton Chekhov, the one playwright you may have thought was totally queer-resistant. If you ever had any doubt of Chekhov's greatness, Estrada erases that." Tad Simons of Minneapolis-St. Paul Magazine called it "genuinely funny."
Solo work from 2010–present
In 2010, Estrada premiered his one-person show, ICONS: The Lesbian and Gay History of the World, Vol. 4, in Tallahassee, Florida.
When Estrada embarked on a five-city tour of Mike Daisey's The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs in 2013, critics praised the unexpected collaboration. "Estrada is a comedian, singer, and gay entertainment icon. Daisey's monologue — written for himself — tells the story of a technology early adopter whose faith in Apple and its charismatic founder is challenged when he discovers the wretched conditions Chinese workers endure to make our cherished i-devices. What does playing for laughs have to do with social justice issues? A lot, it seems. Estrada's comedic timing puts the spotlight on the fan boy's increasing double vision as he attempts to hold on to his devotion to the world of Mac," observed Scott Andrews of the San Antonio Current. "Jade Esteban Estrada knows how to draw an audience in and hold them in the palm of his hand," wrote Deborah Martin of the San Antonio Express-News. "He puts that skill to fine use in The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs, a solo show written by Mike Daisey exploring the cult of tech giant Apple.
In 2016, Estrada played a three-week run of ICONS: The Lesbian and Gay History of the World, Vol. 1 at the Fringe World Festival in Perth, Australia. Mae Anthony of Dircksey Magazine described the continental premiere as "a poignant, informative show [full of] humour, witty lyricism, and outrageous cheek. Jade was in character, right up until next the icon's wig was put on. These funny, and often, deeply moving characterisations were expressed through costumes, accents, songs, expressive monologues - and not to mention the outright demolition of the fourth wall - and gave me a fresh insight into the various struggles faced by the gay community throughout history." In 2017, Estrada performed the show in Cape Town, South Africa and was featured on the cover of Out Africa Magazine's Summer 2017 issue. Editor Keith Coventry wrote, "From the acceptance of same-sex relationships in the ancient world to the religious demonisation in later centuries. From the wit of Wilde to the tragedy of the holocaust, ICONS is an enlightening, educational and, above all, entertaining experience as he turns the pages of history."
In 2018, Estrada starred in the San Antonio production of Bernard J. Taylor's The Kindness of Strangers, a one-person show about the life of Tennessee Williams. Playwright Mark Leonard lauded Estrada's "brilliant, energetic portrayal of Williams. Both Taylor and Estrada deftly sidestep the cloying cliches to offer a gripping and vastly entertaining hour or so in the company of an American genius bent on self-destruction. Their Tennessee has heart, soul, rage, and wit and it is well worth spending an evening entranced and entertained in his company."
Later that year, Estrada wrote and starred in two new solo shows: Magick: An Evening with Aleister Crowley and A Sign from the Taco Gods Both productions premiered at the Overtime Theater in San Antonio.
Journalism
In 2011, Estrada began interviewing elected officials for his Glitter Political column which was originally published by the online news site, Plaza de Armas. In 2013, after Plaza de Armas ceased publication due to financial difficulties, his column was picked up by the San Antonio Current. In 2019, Bexar County Commissioner Tommy Calvert wrote, "Jade Esteban Estrada is one of the best political writers in Texas.".
Lectures and symposiums
In 2001, Estrada delivered the keynote address at the OutFront Minnesota State Conference in Brainerd, Minnesota. In 2005, he presented From Latin Pop Performer to Gay Icon at Princeton University. In 2010, he presented Assimilation and the 21st Century Latino at Colorado State University. The following year, he presented The Politics of Being Gay and Latino in America at Blue Mountain Community College in Pendleton, Oregon.
In 2012, he was a panelist for How the Media Shapes, Influences or Explains Latino Identity at the 9th Annual Center for Mexican American Studies and Research Conference at Our Lady of the Lake University in San Antonio.
In 2015, the San Antonio Public Library invited Estrada to take part in a panel entitled Come OUT, which Don Mathis of the Rivard Report described as "a discussion with local LGBTQ artists who have contributed to the diversity of the arts and humanities."
Estrada presented his lecture, The Art of Storytelling, at the Metropolitan Community Church General Conference XXVI in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada in 2016.
Personal life
Estrada is the cousin of golden age ranchera singer Janet Cortez (also known as "La Perla Tapatia") of the musical group Las Tesoros de San Antonio.
In 2008, Estrada began dating Star Search winner Ryan Bonn, however, the couple ended their relationship a year later.
In 2015, Estrada wrote about being estranged from his father ever since coming out.
Politics and activism
Although Estrada has politically identified as nonpartisan since 2014, he has a history of supporting the U.S. Democratic Party, especially its LGBT programs and initiatives. In 2003, he supported Howard Dean's campaign for U.S. president and supported Barack Obama during the 2008 and 2012 presidential elections.
In 2013, Estrada was a guest speaker for the international grassroots movement March Against Monsanto.
Awards and recognition
In 2002, author Ed Karvoski, Jr. featured Estrada on the cover of the book Award-Winning Men: Up Close and Personal with Gay Honorees. Later that year, Estrada was grand marshal of the Tulsa and San Antonio LGBT Pride parades.
In 2006, Kentucky governor Ernie Fletcher paid tribute to Estrada by commissioning him the title of Kentucky Colonel, the highest honor awarded by the Commonwealth of Kentucky, which acknowledges outstanding ambassadors of goodwill and fellowship around the world. Estrada joined other honorary colonels such as Winston Churchill, Ronald Reagan, Bob Hope, Joan Crawford, Mae West, Johnny Depp, Muhammad Ali and Pope John Paul II.
Discography
Fabulous Gay Tunes, Vol. 2 (2003)
Being Out Rocks (2002)
Angel (2001)
Reggae Twist (1998)
References
Sources
Famous LGBT people, life.arizona.edu, October 1, 2010.
Milk Resource Kit, glaad.org, September 3, 2008.
A Celebration of America's Undiscovered Talent, holyheadshot.com; accessed May 11, 2016.
James N. Loehlin Chekhov: The Cherry Orchard, Plays in Production, p. 237 by James N. Loehlin. Cambridge University Press, January 5, 2006
John Willis and Ben Hodges, Theatre World: The Most Complete Record of the American Theatre 2004-2005 Vol. 61 p. 238, Applause Theatre and Cinema Books, May 1, 2005
James Thomas Sears, Youth, education and sexualities: an international encyclopedia p. 584, Greenwood Publishing Group, January 1, 2005
External links
Profile, imdb.com; accessed June 30, 2016.
American male comedians
American gay actors
LGBT Hispanic and Latino American people
LGBT people from Texas
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
Gay comedians
American gay musicians
Living people
Male actors from San Antonio
21st-century American comedians
1975 births
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Jet ski at the 2008 Asian Beach Games were held from 23 October to 25 October 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.
Medalists
Medal table
Results
Runabout open
23–24 October
Runabout 800 superstock
23–24 October
Runabout endurance open
25 October
Ski open
23–24 October
References
Official site
www.ijsba.com
2008 Asian Beach Games events
Moosinning is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
The Safa Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Beirut, Lebanon. It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home for Safa SC Beirut. The stadium has a capacity of 4,000 people.
External links
Frank Jasperneite page
References
Football venues in Beirut
Sports venues in Lebanon
Rodolfo Bebán (25 May 1938 – 14 August 2022) was an Argentine actor. He appeared in more than forty films between 1962 and 2022.
Bebán died on 14 August 2022, at the age of 84.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1938 births
2022 deaths
Argentine male film actors
20th-century Argentine male actors
21st-century Argentine male actors
Kuler Achaar is a 2022 Indian Bengali language film directed by Sudeep Das. The film is produced by Shrikant Mohta and Mahendra Soni under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films. The film features Madhumita Sarcar, Vikram Chatterjee, Indrani Haldar and Sujan Mukhopadhyay in lead roles.
Cast
Madhumita Sarcar as Mithi
Vikram Chatterjee as Pritam, Mithi's husband
Indrani Haldar as Mitali, Pritam's mother
Sujan Mukhopadhyay as Pronotosh, Pritam's father
Release
The film was released theatrically on 15 July 2022.
Soundtrack
References
Bengali-language Indian films
2020s Bengali-language films
Marti Caine, born Lynne Denise Shepherd (26 January 1945 – 4 November 1995), was an English comedian, actress, dancer, presenter, singer, and writer, who first came to national attention by winning the television talent show New Faces in 1975, and went on to become a variety star on shows including the self-titled Marti Caine (1979–84), and as host of the revived New Faces (1986–88).
Early life
Caine was born in Sheffield and during her childhood Caine's father died from cancer and she suffered sexual abuse from her paternal grandfather. Caine's mother had a history of alcoholism and drug abuse.
At the age of seventeen, Caine married a local butcher's boy and became in her own words "just another starry-eyed wannabe... married with two babies, an ex-beauty queen, stuck on a council estate, with little hope of fulfilling any dreams for a better life."
At nineteen, and unable to pay the £19 cost of her mother's funeral expenses, she auditioned as Lynne Stringer (her married name) at the Working Men's Club in Chapeltown, a district of Sheffield. This resulted in a three-week stint singing under the name Sunny Smith, followed by a spell as Zoe Bond. Her husband Malcolm Stringer chose her eventual stage name from a gardening book, though Marta Cane (tomato cane) was misspelled at an early gig and 'Marti Caine' remained with her.
Professional success
After working for many years on the club circuit in Yorkshire as a stand-up comic and cabaret singer, Caine gained national prominence when she appeared on the ATV talent show New Faces in 1975. She won that year's competition, defeating both Lenny Henry and Victoria Wood.
She made more television appearances including the self-titled Marti Caine on BBC2; showcasing her dance, comedic and musical talents. Her seventeen-year marriage broke down in 1978, making front-page headlines in the national press. The couple had two sons, Lee and Max. She married again eight years later, to the television director Kenneth Ives.
During the 1980s, Caine returned to New Faces as its compère: reviving the show into a ratings winner and leading to her catchphrase "press your buttons now!".
Caine led a UK tour of the musical production Funny Girl. She starred in the BBC sitcom Hilary (1984), which was written specifically for her. The series ran until 1986. Also in 1986, she performed a one-woman show at London's Donmar Warehouse, co-writing fourteen songs about her life experiences.
She was the subject of This Is Your Life twice.
Music career
Caine recorded five albums, also working with Karl Jenkins who wrote a signature tune Quiet Please, The Lady's Gonna Sing using the theme from Sibelius's 5th Symphony. This was her third album, and her second with Jenkins, following the album Behind the Smile. The sweeping, theatrical, delivery of this title track contrasts with the easy, fluid style with which she approaches Ebony Eyes on the same album. However, her persona as cabaret host and comedian seemed to prevent any serious inroads into commercial musical success – though her recordings were marketed globally, in areas as far-flung as Scandinavia, South America and Australasia – with huge numbers bought by television audiences.
Caine's first album was so popular that it was re-released three times, with different covers, under two separate record labels. Her posthumous CD, released in 1996, was compiled from her BBC Radio shows, her musical director noting that "I was working with, arguably, 'the best female singer around' but who was, unfortunately, always thought of, first and foremost, as a comedienne".
Caine's mid-career decision to play Sun City in South Africa during the years of apartheid was seen as a serious error of judgement by many (and as a result she was put on a United Nations blacklist of artists who had ignored a cultural boycott of South Africa). To counter its cultural isolation, the apartheid era South African entertainment industry had offered artists astronomical fees, according to press reports from the time and entertainment industry sources. "It's a question of conscience," said Harry Belafonte, co-chairman (with Arthur Ashe) of Artists United Against Apartheid.
However, Caine spoke of her support for and work with the "black community". She claimed she enjoyed black music and had recorded a number of Stevie Wonder songs. She also dedicated a medley as a Tribute to Gladys Knight on her first studio LP.
Death
Caine developed lymphatic cancer and died in 1995 at High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. She had spent the last years of her life campaigning on behalf of cancer charities (the proceeds from her last album going directly to the Marti Caine Children with Leukaemia Trust).
Five years before her death, her autobiography A Coward's Chronicles was the best seller in 1990. It was praised by The Independent as being "an intelligently written and brutally honest account of her extraordinary life story". She titled her autobiography A Coward's Chronicles to counteract the tabloid image of her as a paragon of courage and defiance. "You fight for dear life", she said, "because you are too coward to embrace death".
Caine was an admirer of modern art, and Mick Farrell's sculpture Sheen is dedicated to her. The sculpture, frequently referred to as Marti, is situated in Arundel Gate outside Sheffield Hallam University who commissioned it. The sculpture was to have been unveiled by Caine, but she died two weeks before the scheduled unveiling. In the same year, the university awarded her an honorary doctorate in recognition of her life achievements and her contribution to the world of entertainment.
The film Funny Cow, starring Maxine Peake as a troubled northern comedienne was inspired by the life of Marti Caine.
Videos
Wild World: Marti's duet with Tony Christie
Honky Tonk Woman: Typically flamboyant dance sequence from TV show
The Biggest Aspidistra in the World: Marti singing a music hall comedy number in tribute to Gracie Fields
I've Never Been to Me: Montage sequence accompanying Marti's 1978 single
Regina Fong Gala 2008: Drag queen Mrs Moore impersonating Marti's New Faces persona
VHS
Joe Longthorne: The Ultimate Collection (1997) [Duet with Marti on "I'll Never Love This Way Again"]
The Very Best of Joe Longthorne: Volume II (1992) [Duet with Marti on "I'll Never Love This Way Again"]
Awards and achievements
Heritage Foundation Plaque, BBC TV Centre, London (2001)
The Marti Caine Fund, set up to support the Children with Leukaemia Trust (1996)
Honorary Doctorate, Sheffield Hallam University (1995)
Sheen, sculpture by Mick Farrell dedicated to Marti (1995)
Woman of the week, Woman magazine (1986)
Star Award, The Funniest Lady, Swap Shop (1979)
Winner, New Faces (1975)
Discography
Albums
Marti (CD, 1996) [Concert recordings with the Ronnie Hazlehurst orchestra]
Point of View (LP, 1981)
The Lady's Gonna Sing (LP, 1979) [Co-produced by Karl Jenkins]
Behind the Smile (LP, 1978) [Produced by Karl Jenkins]
Nobody Does It Like Marti (LP, 1976)
Singles
"Can I Speak to the World, Please?" / "Tin Heart and the Rebel" (1982)
"I'll Never See You Again" / "Bitch is Love" (1981)
"One More Night" / "What's the Weather Like Outside?" (1979)
"I've Never Been to Me" / "You" (1978)
"Woman in Your Arms" / "Let Go" (1977)
"Momma's Song" / "Nobody Does It Like Me" (1975)
Compilations and re-releases
LateNightTales presents After Dark (Compilation CD, 2013) (Features 1982 track "Love the Way You Love Me")
You Are Awful... But We Like You! (Compilation CD, 2000) (Features 1978 single "I've Never Been To Me")
Sweet Inspiration (Audio book, cassette, 1994) [Interview with Alan Titchmarsh]
Disconet Vol 4:7 (Compilation LP, 1981) (Features 1981 single "Can I Speak to the World, Please?")
Nobody Does It Like Me (LP & cassette, 1979) [Third re-release of 1976 debut album]
Nobody Does It Like Marti Caine (LP, 1977) [Second re-release of 1976 debut album]
Bibliography
Autobiography: A Coward's Chronicles
References
External links
1945 births
1995 deaths
Actresses from Sheffield
Deaths from cancer in England
English women comedians
20th-century English comedians
Comedians from Yorkshire
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
Deaths from lymphoma
Juana "Nani" Fernández Ruiz (22 February 1923 – 9 November 1960) was a Spanish film actress.
Selected filmography
Lola Leaves for the Ports (1947)
Ninety Minutes (1949)
Wings of Youth (1949)
A Tale of Two Villages (1951)
The Song of Sister Maria (1952)
An Impossible Crime (1954)
Last Stand in the Philippines (1955)
The Lost City (1955)
The Legion of Silence (1956)
The Cat (1956)
References
Bibliography
Pepe Coira. Antonio Román: un cineasta de la posguerra. Editorial Complutense, 2004.
External links
1923 births
1960 deaths
Actresses from Madrid
Spanish film actresses
20th-century Spanish actresses
Burials at Cementerio de la Almudena
The Secretary of State for War and the Colonies was a British cabinet-level position responsible for the army and the British colonies (other than India).
The Secretary was supported by an Under-Secretary of State for War and the Colonies.
History
The Department was created in 1801. In 1854 it was split into the separate offices of Secretary of State for War and Secretary of State for the Colonies.
List of Secretaries of State for War and the Colonies (1801–1854)
Notes
War and the Colonies
1801 establishments in the United Kingdom
1854 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Defunct ministerial offices in the United Kingdom
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1702.
Events
March 8 (O.S.) – Accession of Anne, Queen of Great Britain, upon the death of her brother-in-law William III.
March 11 (O.S.) – The first regular English national newspaper, The Daily Courant, begins publication, in Fleet Street in the City of London. It covers only foreign news.
October – Jonathan Swift returns to Ireland in the company of Esther Johnson.
unknown dates
Ballet master John Weaver presents the burlesque Tavern Bilkers at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in London, the first English pantomime. It is not a success.
The first book set in the Romain du Roi Roman type, devised for use by the Imprimerie nationale in France: Médailles sur les principaux événements du règne de Louis le Grand, is printed.
Castle Howard in Yorkshire, England, is completed to the design of playwright John Vanbrugh and architect Nicholas Hawksmoor.
New books
Prose
Louise de Bossigny, comtesse d'Auneuil – La Tiranie des fées détruite (The Tyranny of the Fairies Destroyed)
Thomas Brown, et al. – Letters From the Dead to the Living
Edmund Calamy – An Abridgement of Mr Baxter's History of His Life and Times
Daniel Defoe
An Enquiry into Occasional Conformity
The Mock-Mourners (on the death of William III)
A New Test of the Church of England's Loyalty
Reformation of Manners
The Shortest Way with the Dissenters (anonymous; December)
The Spanish Descent
John Dennis – The Monument
Laurence Echard – A General Ecclesiastical History
George Farquhar – Love and Business
Edmund Gibson – Synodus Anglicana (on the convocation)
Charles Gildon (?) – A Comparison Between the Two Stages (on the "War of the Theatres")
Examen Miscellaneum
Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon – The History of the Rebellion and Civil Wars in England (1702–1704, written in the 1640s and late 1660s. Also known as Clarendon's History)
George Keith – The Standard of the Quakers Examined
John Kersey – A New English Dictionary; or, a complete collection of the most proper and significant words, commonly used in the language
Cotton Mather – Magnalia Christi Americana
Matthew Prior – To a Young Gentleman in Love
John Toland – Paradoxes of State
Catherine Trotter Cockburn – A Defence of the Essay of Human Understanding (re John Locke)
Drama
William Burnaby – The Modish Husband
Susanna Centlivre –
The Beau's Duel
The Stolen Heiress
Colley Cibber – She Would and She Would Not
John Dennis – The Comical Gallant
George Farquhar
The Inconstant
The Twin Rivals
Charles Gildon – The Patriot
Bevil Higgons – The Generous Conqueror (printed, performed in 1701)
Francis Manning – All for the Better
John Oldmixon – The Governor of Cyprus
Nicholas Rowe – Tamerlane
Sir Charles Sedley – The Tyrant King of Crete
John Vanbrugh – The False Friend
Poetry
Matsuo Bashō (posthumously) – Oku no Hosomichi (Narrow Road to the Deep North)
Births
June 26 – Philip Doddridge, English religious and writer and hymnist (died 1751)
Unknown date – Margareta Momma, Swedish journalist and publisher (died 1772)
Deaths
January 1 – Samuel Green, American printer (born c. 1614)
January 17 – Roger Morrice, English journalist and diarist (born 1628)
February 17 – Peder Syv, Danish philologist, folklorist and priest (born 1631)
April 22 – François Charpentier, French archeologist and writer (born 1620)
May 17 (bur.) – Richard Sault, English mathematician, editor and translator (unknown year of birth)
May 27 – Dominique Bouhours, French literary critic (born 1628)
November – John Pomfret, English poet (born 1667)
References
Years of the 18th century in literature
The Travelling Players (, translit. O Thiasos, "The Troupe") is a 1975 Greek historical drama film written and directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos that traces the history of mid-20th-century Greece from 1939 to 1952.
Many critics have described The Travelling Players as Angelopoulos' masterpiece; 16 critics and five directors voted it one of their favorite films in the British Film Institute's 2012 Sight & Sound poll.
Plot
A group of travelling players tour through Greece putting on a play called Golfo the Shepherdess. The first level of the film shows them setting up, rehearsing, promoting and performing in fustanella this 1893 piece, a bucolic verse drama of love, betrayal and death. In the next level the film focuses on the historical events between 1939 and 1952 as they are experienced by the travelling players and as they affect the communities which they visit: the last year of Metaxas' authoritarian dictatorship, the war against the Italians, the Nazi occupation, the liberation, the civil war between the government and communist insurgents, and British and American intervention in Greek affairs. In a further level the characters live their own drama of jealousy and betrayal, with its roots in the ancient myth of the House of Atreus. Agamemnon, a Greek refugee from Asia Minor, goes to war against the Italians in 1940, joins the resistance against the Germans, and is executed by them after being betrayed by Clytemnestra and Aegisthos. Aegisthos, Clytemnestra's lover, is an informer and collaborator working with the German occupiers. Orestes, son of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra, fights on the side of the leftists, avenges his father's death by killing his mother and Aegisthos. He is arrested in 1949 for his guerrilla activities and is executed in prison in 1951. Electra, his sister, helps the leftists and aids her brother in avenging the treachery of their mother and Aegisthos. After the death of Orestes she continues the work of the troupe and her relationship with Pylades. Chrysotheme, Electra's younger sister, collaborates with the Germans, prostitutes herself during the occupation, sides with the British during liberation, and later marries an American. Pylades, close friend of Orestes, is a Communist who is exiled by the Metaxas regime, joins the guerrillas and is arrested and exiled again. Finally he is forced to sign a written denunciation of the left after torture by the right wing and he is released from prison in 1950.
Production
The Travelling Players was released to the general public after the Regime of the Colonels had ended in 1974 and Greece returned to a democratic rule. However Theo Angelopoulos had been working on the film throughout 1974 when the dictatorship was still in power, and had to hide his work from the authorities. To continue working he claimed he was producing a version of the Orestes myth set in the Axis occupation of Greece during World War II. Angelopoulos claimed that the colonels' junta gave him the idea for The Travelling Players; Angelopoulos, who was formerly a film critic for a socialist newspaper wanted to analyze two things: the first being the history of Greece from a left-wing perspective, and second why it had been so difficult to establish democracy in Greece. The film was released in 1975.
Style
Like many of Theo Angelopoulos' films, The Travelling Players uses long, static takes combined with complex tracking shots, and beautiful landscape photography to create a surrealistic atmosphere. Shots in the film often drift back and forth in time without warning and after a major scene there will be some downtime for the viewer to contemplate what has just transpired.
Responses
The Travelling Players was a great commercial success in Greece and also garnered international acclaim. It is regarded by many critics as the supreme achievement of the New Greek Cinema, and by some as one of the most important films of the latter half of the 20th century. It ranked #102 in the 2012 Sight & Sound critics' poll of the greatest motion pictures ever made, and has won numerous awards. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an 86% freshness rating, based on 14 reviews.
The Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa cited The Travelling Players as one of his favorite films.
Although Angelopoulos had intended to enter The Travelling Players in the 1975 Cannes festival, the conservative Greek government prevented this. Despite the acclaim it has received, the film has yet to receive a proper Region 1 DVD release; there is, however, a region-free release.
Awards
The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 48th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
1975. International Film Critics Award (FIPRESCI), Cannes.
1975. Best Film, Best Director, Best Screenplay, Best Actor, Best Actress, Greek Critics Association Awards, International Thessaloniki Film Festival
Interfilm Award, «Forum» 1975 Berlin Festival.
1976. Best film of the Year, British Film Institute,
Italian Film Critics Association: Best Film in the World, 1970-80.
FIPRESCI: One of the Top Films in the History of Cinema.
Grand Prix of the Arts, Japan.
Best Film of the Year, Japan.
Golden Age Award, Brussels.
See also
List of submissions to the 48th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Greek submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
The New Greek Cinema
1975 films
Films directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos
1970s Greek-language films
Films set in 1939
Films set in the 1940s
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in Greece
Films shot in Greece
Films shot in Epirus
1970s political drama films
Greek World War II films
Greek drama films
1975 drama films
Films based on works by Aeschylus
Modern adaptations of works by Aeschylus
Works based on Agamemnon (Aeschylus play)
Works based on The Libation Bearers
Samir El-Sayiad (also Samir Sayad) is the Minister of Industry and Foreign Trade for Egypt, serving since 2011.
Career
Full Professor of Industrial Chemistry and former Dean of the Faculty of Science, Helwan University.
The Cultural Counselor and director of the Egyptian Educational Bureau to the United Kingdom and Ireland.
International expert in industrial development and export promotion at the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), and the (UNCTAD) since 1977, in which missions have been accomplished in many countries in Latin America, Europe, Africa, Asia and India.
Chairman and CEO of one of the largest firms for Chemical Industry.
Member of the Industry branch and the Higher Education Branch of the Supreme Specialized Councils.
Former member of the Industry Research Council, secretary of the Chemical Industry Committee, member of the Marketing Research Committee and head of the Printing and Packaging Committee, at the Academy of Scientific Research and Technology.
Former member of the Supreme Committee for granting the Egyptian Industry excellence awards at the Industrial Modernization Centre.
See also
Cabinet of Egypt
References
External links
Ministry of Industry and Foreign Trade
1935 births
Living people
Trade and Industry ministers of Egypt
Helwan University faculty
"Bottle Pop" is a song by American girl group the Pussycat Dolls from their second studio album, Doll Domination (2008). It was written and produced by Sean Garrett and Fernando Garibay, with additional songwriting by lead singer Nicole Scherzinger. The song features American rapper Snoop Dogg, whom they previously collaborated with in "Buttons" (2006). Musically, "Bottle Pop" is an electronica song that uses sexual innuendo and has been compared to works of Ciara, Flo Rida, Petey Pablo, Britney Spears, and Gwen Stefani. In New Zealand, it was released on February 23, 2009 with rapper Devolo who replaces Dogg for its single release, while the following month it was available for digital download in Australia and Germany.
"Bottle Pop" received ambivalent reactions from contemporary critics; some were receptive of the song's production and picked it as one of the highlights of Doll Domination whilst others criticized Snoop Dogg's appearance, labeling it as sluggish. The song reached number one on the US Hot Dance Club Songs chart and peaked at number 17 in Australia and New Zealand. The music video for "Bottle Pop" premiered on February 1, 2009 and was directed by Thomas Kloss. In the video, the Pussycat Dolls perform the song's choreography in a theater. It was included on the set list of their headlining, Doll Domination Tour (2009).
Recording and composition
"Bottle Pop" was written and produced by Sean Garrett and Fernando Garibay, with additional production by Clubba Langg. Garrett previously worked with the Pussycat Dolls on PCD's fourth single, "Buttons" (2006), which also features Snoop Dogg. Lead singer Nicole Scherzinger also contributed to the songwriting with coming up with the song's bridge; she took inspiration from Brandon Flowers of the Killers as she "wanted to make it a little bit more rock-y". The vocals were recorded by Miles Walker with the assistance of Mike Hogue, Chris Kasych, and Brian Schunck at Chalice Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California and at The Record Plant in Hollywood, California. Dogg appears courtesy of Doggy Style Records and Geffen Records, whose vocals were recorded by Chris Jackson at the Irvine Spot in Irvine, California. The keyboards are played by Kennard Garrett and Raymond "Rayza" Oglesby who also handled the additional drum programming. All instrumentation and programming were carried out by Garrett and Garibay. The song was mixed by Tony Maserati at Cannan Road Studios in New York City.
Musically, "Bottle Pop" is a "funky electronica" song that runs for three minutes and 30 seconds and uses sexual innuendo. Fraser McAlpine of BBC Radio 1 compared the song to Flo Rida's "Low" (2007), Ciara's "Goodies" (2004) and, Petey Pablo's "Freek-A-Leek" (2003), but "with added PCD leathery orange sass over the top of it all". Moreover, another reviewer from Digital Spy compared the sound to material from Britney Spears' album Blackout (2007). Scherzinger adopts "breathy vocals", which were compared to Gwen Stefani by Yahoo Music's Jamie Gill.
Reception
Critical
Nick Bond of MTV Australia described "Bottle Pop" as "pneumatic" whilst regarding it as one of the musical highlights of Doll Domination. New York Daily News critic Jim Farber wrote the song has "a moronic hook [listeners] can't resist." Writing for Billboard, Mariel Concepcion opined that "Bottle Pop" induces the listeners with "visceral thrills." Spence D. of IGN described the song as "insidious" adding "it's straight Mac 'n Cheese, ultimately not the most healthy choice, but kind of tasty nonetheless."
Vancouver Province's Stuart Derdeyn wrote that "Bottle Pop" "boasts a Snoop Dogg rap that he could've come up with in his sleep;" nonetheless he highlighted the song as one of the best tracks of the album for Garret's "sharp" production. Nic Oliver of musicOMH agreed with Derdeyn equating Snoop Dogg's contribution to someone who is sleepwalking adding that the lyrics were written by a "sophomore student on a weekend bender." Rudy Klapper from Sputnikmusic deemed Snoop Dogg's guest spot as "one of the weaker ones of his career" adding "the track's lackluster chorus deflate any energy he might have afforded them." Simirlarly, a reviewer from Entertainment.ie commented that Snoop Dogg lowers himself "to new levels of cheese" with his contribution. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic also criticized the rapper's appearance labelling it as "phoned-in". Rashod Ollison of The Baltimore Sun used the same phrase as Erlewine when describing Dogg's appearance adding he "[does] nothing to elevate the calculated [track]".
Chart performance
"Bottle Pop" debuted at number 88 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart of October 11, 2008, and remained for one week, on the release of its parent album Doll Domination. The following year, the song debuted at number 53 on Billboard'''s US Dance Club Songs chart for the week ending March 14, 2009. After nine weeks of ascending the chart, the track went on to top the chart for the week ending May 16, 2009 after its position at number two the previous week. This gave the Pussycat Dolls their fifth consecutive number one in as many tries; it also became Snoop Dogg's fourth consecutive chat-topper. In Oceania, "Bottle Pop" debuted at number 81 on the ARIA Singles Chart, and went on to peak at number 17, four weeks later. In New Zealand, the version featuring Devolo entered at number 19, denying Snoop Dogg's 19th chart appearance and giving the Dolls their ninth charting single in the territory. In the following week it peaked at number 17.
Release and promotion
"Bottle Pop" was released as a single in select territories; in New Zealand, per Interscope Records request for a local rapper, the song was remixed with vocals from rapper Devolo, replacing those of Snoop Dogg and was available for digital download on February 23, 2009. On March 6, 2009, a two-track version was available for digital download in Australia on, while in Germany an extended play (EP) consisting of remixes of "Bottle Pop".
Austrian filmmaker Thomas Kloss directed the music video for "Bottle Pop" in early January. Speaking to MTV News, Scherzinger elaborated that the video focuses on dance. "It's gonna be so much fun. It's gonna be a dance video. Obviously, you can tell by our wardrobe, it's going to be very colorful and fun ... freaky fun! You guys are going to be wanting to pop some bottles after this one." The music video premiered on February 1, 2009, and uses an alternative version of the song that doesn't feature Snoop Dogg. It features the Dolls breaking into a theater and perform the song's choreography onstage. Towards the end, male dancers appear also and together perform the ending routine. Jocelyn Vena of MTV described the group's styling as a "lethal combination of barely there costumes, big hair and lots of makeup."
The Pussycat Dolls first performed "Bottle Pop" during Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest '09 that was broadcast live by ABC on December 31, 2008. The song was included on the set list for the Dolls' headlining Doll Domination Tour (2009).
Track listings
CD single / digital download (2-track)
"Bottle Pop" (Album Version) — 3:32
"Bottle Pop" (Moto Blanco Club Mix) — 6:53
Digital download (Devolo Mix Version)
"Bottle Pop" (Devolo Mix Version) — 3:31
Digital download (3-track)
"Bottle Pop" (Album Version) — 3:30
"Bottle Pop" (Video Version) — 3:00
"Bottle Pop" (Dave Audé Club Mix) — 8:31
Digital download (Remixes)
"Bottle Pop" (Dave Audé Radio Mix) — 3:41
"Bottle Pop" (Moto Blanco Radio Mix) — 3:07
"Bottle Pop" (Moto Blanco Club Mix) — 6:51
"Bottle Pop" (Moto Blanco Dub Mix) —6:38
"Bottle Pop" (Digital Dog Extended Mix) — 4:03
"Bottle Pop" (Digital Dog Radio Mix) — 3:01
"Bottle Pop" (Digital Dog Extended Mix II) — 4:03
"Bottle Pop" (Digital Dog Radio Mix II) — 3:01
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Doll Domination''.
Recording
Recorded at Chalice Studio B (Los Angeles, California); The Record Plant (Hollywood, California); Irvine Spot (Irvine, California)
Mixed at Canaan Road Studios (New York City)
Personnel
Clubba Langg – co-producer
Fernando Garibay – songwriter, producer, instrumentation, programming
Mike Hogue – assistant recording
Chris Kasych – assistant recording
Kennard Garrett – keyboards
Sean "The Pen" Garrett – songwriter, producer, instrumentation, programming
Tony Maserati – mixer
Raymond "Rayza" Oglesby – keyboards, additional drum programming
Nicole Scherzinger – songwriter
Brian Schunck – assistant recording
Miles Walker – recording
Matt Wheeler – recording (Snoop Dogg's vocals)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
See also
List of number-one dance singles of 2009 (U.S.)
References
2008 songs
2009 singles
Interscope Records singles
The Pussycat Dolls songs
Snoop Dogg songs
Songs written by Sean Garrett
Songs written by Fernando Garibay
Songs written by Nicole Scherzinger
Song recordings produced by Fernando Garibay
Sixty Days and Counting (2007) is the third book in the hard science fiction Science in the Capital trilogy by Kim Stanley Robinson. It directly follows the events of Fifty Degrees Below, beginning just after the election of character Phil Chase to the White House. It follows the previous novel's deep freeze of the area surrounding Washington D.C. and details the remediation of the climate in the United States and around the world.
Like other novels by Robinson, Sixty Days and Counting is informed by Buddhism and Buddhist beliefs.
References
2007 American novels
Novels by Kim Stanley Robinson
Novels set in Washington, D.C.
Hard science fiction
Climate change in fiction
Climate change novels
Bantam Spectra books
John Lydford (c.1337–1407) was an English priest and canon lawyer.
Lydford was Archdeacon of Totnes from 1385 until 1407.
References
1330s births
1407 deaths
Archdeacons of Totnes
14th-century English people
15th-century English people
Scott County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 57,155. Scott County is part of the Lexington–Fayette, Kentucky Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Native Americans inhabited the Scott County area from perhaps 15,000 years ago. Evidence has been identified that belongs the Adena culture (800 B.C. - 800 A.D.), including several significant Adena mounds.
The area was explored by American explorers as early as 1774. One of the earliest settlers was John McClelland from Pennsylvania, who built McLelland's Fort overlooking the Georgetown spring. During the American Revolution, pro-British Native Americans attacked McLelland's Fort in 1777, causing the settlement to be abandoned. Six years later, a new and permanent settlement was founded by Robert and Jemima Johnson, who built Johnson Station (later called Great Crossing), near the north fork of Elkhorn Creek, about five miles west of today's Georgetown.
All of Kentucky was originally part of Virginia's frontier. However, in 1776 Virginia reorganized it as Kentucky County. In 1780 this county was divided into the three large counties of Lincoln, Jefferson, and Fayette. In 1788, Fayette County was divided to create Woodford County.
On June 1, 1792, the state of Kentucky came into existence. An early act of the new state legislature divided Woodford County into two counties. One of these became Scott County, named for General Charles Scott, a Revolutionary War hero, who would serve as Kentucky's fourth governor (1808-1812). Its area was taken from the existing Woodford County. Other counties established before the end of 1792 were Clark, Shelby, Logan, and Green counties.
In 1784, Elijah Craig (1743-1808), a Virginia preacher, induced the Virginia legislature to incorporate the town of Lebanon, near the site of McLelland's Fort. In 1790 the town's name was changed to George Town, to honor then-President George Washington. Elijah Craig is also credited with founding the county's first classical school, the first sawmill, the first gristmill, the first fulling and paper mill, the first ropewalk, and (possibly) the area's first bourbon whiskey. On December 27, 1787, edition of the Kentucky Gazette, he solicited scholars to study at an academy that would open in January 1788 "in Lebanon town," and would offer courses in Latin, Greek, and "such branches of the sciences as are usually taught in public seminaries." Ten years later the school was absorbed by the Rittenhouse Academy, which was given by the state some 5,900 acres in Christian and Cumberland counties so that they might sell the land to benefit their endowment fund. The academy, in turn, was absorbed by Georgetown College in 1829.
The community went into a decline after the death of Elijah Craig in 1808. When Elder Barton Warren Stone (1772-1844), a founder of the Christian Churches movement during the Great Revival, moved to Georgetown in 1816 to become principal of Rittenhouse Academy, he found the community "notorious for its wickedness and irreligion."
In 1825, the Choctaw Nation established the Choctaw Academy at Blue Spring in Scott County. They operated the school for Choctaw boys until 1842, when it was closed. The staff and records moved to the Choctaw Nation, Indian Territory, where the Choctaw Nation had been relocated in the 1830s. In 1844 the Spencer Academy opened as the school for Choctaw boys, while a school was also opened for girls. Later in the century, they allowed Baptist missionaries to found the Armstrong Academy there.
During the American Civil War, Scott County furnished the Union Army with 118 soldiers, while about 1,000 enlisted in the Confederate Army. On November 18, 1861, Scott County native George W. Johnson was elected the provisional Confederate governor of Kentucky.
Scott County is a moist county, meaning that is a dry county with a wet city (Georgetown) within it.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Grant County (north)
Harrison County (northeast)
Bourbon County (east)
Fayette County (southeast)
Woodford County (southwest)
Franklin County (west)
Owen County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 33,061 people, 12,110 households, and 8,985 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 12,977 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 91.94% White, 5.35% Black or African American, 0.26% Native American, 0.50% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.82% from other races, and 1.13% from two or more races. 1.61% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 12,110 households, out of which 38.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.80% were married couples living together, 11.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.80% were non-families. 21.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.30% under the age of 18, 11.80% from 18 to 24, 32.60% from 25 to 44, 20.40% from 45 to 64, and 8.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,081, and the median income for a family was $54,117. Males had a median income of $40,604 versus $25,767 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,490. About 7.30% of families and 8.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.00% of those under age 18 and 12.10% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Georgetown (county seat)
Sadieville
Stamping Ground
Great Crossing
Notable people
James C. C. Black - U.S. Representative from Georgia. Born in Stamping Ground.
J. Campbell Cantrill - politician, U.S. Representative from Kentucky.
Julia Chinn - common-law wife of Vice-President Richard M. Johnson.
Daniel Cook - First Attorney General of Illinois.
Basil Duke - Confederate General, took part in Morgan's Raid. Brother-in-law of John Hunt Morgan.
William H. Hatch - politician, U.S. Representative from Missouri.
Henry P. Haun - politician, U.S. Senator from California.
George W. Johnson - politician, 1st Confederate Governor of Kentucky, died at the Battle of Shiloh.
John T. Johnson - politician, U.S. Representative from Kentucky, brother of Richard M. Johnson.
Richard M. Johnson - politician, Vice-President of the United States 1837–43.
Tom L. Johnson - U.S. Representative from Ohio 1891–95, Mayor of Cleveland 1901–1909.
John M. Palmer - Civil War general, Governor of Illinois 1869–1873, National Democratic Party presidential candidate 1896.
James F. Robinson - politician, 22nd Governor of Kentucky. Federal governor during the Civil War. Cardome in Georgetown was his family home.
John M. Robinson - politician, United States Senator from Illinois.
Robert Ward Johnson - U.S. and Confederate senator from Arkansas. Nephew of Richard M. Johnson.
Ryan Quarles - Kentucky Commissioner of Agriculture
Gustavus W. Smith - General in the Confederate Army during the Civil War, Confederate Secretary of War in 1862.
Junius Ward - 19th century horseman and plantation owner, founder of Ward Hall.
Edith Summers Kelley - Canadian author, wrote Weeds (1923), novel about "an artistic tomboy in the rural hills of Kentucky, who struggles unsuccessfully to overcome the oppressive roles assigned to her as a woman"
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Scott County, Kentucky
References
External links
Scott County Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Lexington–Fayette metropolitan area
1792 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1792
Willam F. Schlottmann (1825 - 1903) was a Civil War Confederate soldier in the 5th Regiment Texas Infantry, and also a member of the 12th Texas state legislature from 1870 to 1873. As a representative in the Texas legislature, he was a member of the Federal Relations, Roads/Bridges and Ferries, and Public Debt committees. Schlottmann migrated from Oppendorf, Westphalia, Prussia to Texas in the Fall of 1847 and arrived at Washington on the Brazos. He made his home in Brenham, Texas and married Elizabeth Richter on December 13, 1850. They had 5 daughters and 1 son. Schlottmann died on April 11, 1903, in Washington County and was buried at Salem Evangelical Lutheran Church Cemetery in Brenham.
References
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
1825 births
1903 deaths
Foreign Confederate military personnel
Confederate States Army soldiers
People from the Province of Westphalia
People from Brenham, Texas
19th-century American politicians
This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Illawarra in Australian federal elections from the division's creation in 1901 until its abolition in 1922.
Members
Election results
Elections in the 1910s
1919
1917
1914
1913
1910
Elections in the 1900s
1906
1903
1901
References
Australian Electoral Commission. Federal election results
Carr, Adam. Psephos
Australian federal electoral results by division
Dahle Idrettslag is a Norwegian association football club from Kristiansund, Møre og Romsdal.
The men's football team currently plays in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football. It last played in the Norwegian Second Division in 2000. In 2001 they won their Third Division group, but in the two-leg playoff they succumbed to Langevåg IL on the away goals rule after 5–5 on aggregate.
References
Official site
External links
Dahle Kunstgresspark - Nordic Stadiums
Football clubs in Norway
Sport in Kristiansund
1938 establishments in Norway
Association football clubs established in 1938
Harry Zacariah Finch (born 10 February 1995) is an English cricketer who has played for Sussex and Kent County Cricket Clubs. He is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-fast.
Finch was part of age-group sides at Sussex from the age of 10 and made his senior debut in a List A match against the Netherlands on 20 May 2013. He was released by Sussex at the end of the 2020 season and played for Kent's Second XI during the early months of the 2021 season. He made his senior debut for Kent following a member of the county's First XI squad testing positive for COVID-19 which required the players involved in the county's previous match to all self-isolate. As a result a number of Second XI players or "homegrown prospects" were drafted into the squad and made their senior debuts for the county. On 10 August 2022, Finch re-joined Kent for the remainder of the One-Day Cup as cover for a number of players absent due to injuries and The Hundred. He has also played Australian Grade cricket for Yarraville Cricket Club.
Finch was born at Hastings in Sussex in 1995 and was educated at St Richard's Catholic College in Bexhill-on-Sea and Eastbourne College. His father, Jason, played for Sussex's Second XI and List A and Minor Counties Trophy cricket for Sussex Cricket Board.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hastings
English cricketers
Sussex cricketers
In Greek mythology, Archedius (Ancient Greek: Ἀρχήδιον) was an Arcadian prince as son of King Tegeates of Tegea and Maera, daughter of the Titan Atlas. He was the brother of Scephrus, Leimon, Gortys, and Cydon. Together with the last two brothers, they migrated to Crete on their own free will and that after them were named the cities Cydonia, Gortyna and Catreus.
Notes
References
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Princes in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Arcadian mythology
Cretan characters in Greek mythology
Tegea
The 2020 Montana Democratic presidential primary took place on Tuesday, June 2, 2020, as part of the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The Montana primary was an open primary, with the state awarding 25 delegates, of whom 19 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the primary results. Joe Biden won the primary with 74.5% of the vote and won all delegates except one, who went to Bernie Sanders.
Procedure
Montana was one of seven states that voted on June 2 in the Democratic primaries, along with Indiana, Maryland, New Mexico, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Dakota, and the District of Columbia. Four of those states had moved their elections to June due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States.
Voting took place throughout the state from 7 a.m. until 8 p.m. In the open primary, instead of using Montana's current at-large congressional district, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15% in an eastern and a western district of the state (roughly coterminous with the boundaries of the state's two former congressional districts after the 1980 redistricting) to be considered viable. The 19 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the primary results. Of these, between 6 and 7 were allocated to the eastern and western districts and another 2 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 4 at-large pledged delegates. Originally planned with 16 delegates, the final number included a 20% bonus of 3 additional delegates on the 14 district and at-large delegates by the Democratic National Committee due to the June date, which belonged to Stage III on the primary timetable.
On June 4, county caucuses would have convened to designate state convention delegates, and at the state convention on June 6, national convention delegates would have been chosen, joined by 6 unpledged PLEO delegates (4 members of the Democratic National Committee; one Senator; and the governor Steve Bullock).
Candidates
The following candidates appeared on the ballot:
Joe Biden
Bernie Sanders (withdrawn)
Elizabeth Warren (withdrawn)
There was also a "no preference" option.
Polling
Polls with a sample size of <100 are marked in red to indicate a lack of reliability.
Results
See also
2020 Montana Republican presidential primary
Notes
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Montana Democratic Party draft delegate selection plan
Montana Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
John De Mott (October 7, 1790 – July 31, 1870) was an American businessman and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from New York from 1845 to 1847.
Biography
Born in Readington, New Jersey, De Mott moved to Herkimer County, New York, in 1793 with his parents, who settled in what is now the town of Lodi, Seneca County.
He attended the common schools.
He pursued an academic course.
Major general of the Thirty-eighth Brigade of the State militia.
Supervisor in the town of Covert in 1823 and 1824 and of Lodi in 1826, 1827, 1829, and 1830.
He engaged in mercantile pursuits in Lodi, New York, for more than forty years.
He served as member of the State assembly in 1833.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1840 to the Twenty-seventh Congress.
Congress
De Mott was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1845 – March 3, 1847).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1846.
Later career and death
He resumed his former business pursuits and also engaged in the banking business.
He died in Lodi, New York, July 31, 1870.
He was interred in Evergreen Cemetery, Ovid, New York.
References
1790 births
1870 deaths
American militia generals
Members of the New York State Assembly
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
People from Readington Township, New Jersey
People from Lodi, New York
19th-century American politicians
Military personnel from New Jersey
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Colonel Muffakham Jah Nawab Walashan Sahebzada Mir Karamath Ali Khan Siddiqi Bayafendi Bahadur (born 27 February 1939) is the son of Prince Azam Jah and Princess Durru Shehvar, and grandson of the last Nizam of Hyderabad.
An engineering college, Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology, is named after him.
Personal life and Family
He is married to Princess Esin of Turkey, has 2 sons and lives in Bayswater, London. Muffakham Jah has a brother Mukarram Jah.
See also
Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology
Najaf Ali Khan - Cousin of Muffakham Jah
References
External links
Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology official site
1936 births
Living people
Asaf Jahi dynasty
Indian Muslims
Indian people of Turkish descent
Indian philanthropists
People from Nice
People from Hyderabad State
20th-century Indian royalty
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
22 Murders: Investigating the Massacre, Cover-up, and Obstacles to Justice in Nova Scotia is a 2022 non-fiction book by Canadian writer Paul Palango. The book documents the 2020 Nova Scotia attacks and critiques the police response to the two day incident.
Production
The book is written by Nova Scotia-based writer and former journalist and editor Paul Palango. Palango has written three previous books critical of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) and prior to publishing 22 Murders, he wrote several articles on the attacks, that were published in Maclean's, The Halifax Examiner, and Frank (magazine).
The book was written following Palango's receipt of information from a concerned Orangeville resident who had been listening to the police communication via a radio scanner at the time of the attacks.
The book was published by Random House on April 12, 2022.
Synopsis
The book documents the police response to Gabriel Wortman killing 22 people on the 18th and 19th April 2020, in Portapique. Palango presents the actions of authorities in a critical light, highlighting his perceptions of their failures. He is critical of both the immediate response to the killings and the subsequent investigation, which he describes as a "cover up". Criticism is levied at the RCMP for using Twitter rather than the phone-based Alert Ready system to warn nearby communities. Palango is also critical of the RCMP for not setting up roadblocks, and for their choice to seek assistance from a neighbouring provincial police force some hours away rather than the most proximate municipal police forces.
Critical reception
The book was the third most popular non-fiction Canadian book in May 2022. Lawyer and writer Douglas J. Johnston, writing in the Winninpeg Free Press, praises Palango's research and analysis but also notes that the criticisms of the police are "largely circumstantial and conjectural".
References
2022 non-fiction books
Crime books
Current affairs books
Books about Nova Scotia
Yacht people is a slang term for the wealthy residents of Hong Kong who fled the city in the 1980s and 1990s, prior to the city's return to Chinese rule in 1997. The term is a deliberate contrast to the poor "boat people" who fled southeast Asia (most notably Vietnam) in the 1970s. One of the destinations for the yacht people was Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
This term has also been used for rich Kuwaiti who fled their country upon the Iraqi invasion.
Yachties
Yacht people should not be confused with people that live aboard their yachts in foreign countries. These people tend to be ex-pats who arrive aboard their own yacht, usually a sailboat and stay extended periods in countries like Thailand, Mexico, and Indonesia. Many live full-time aboard their vessels and only return home for holidays. Some yachties will spend years in the same port before moving on or returning to their home countries.
"Last port" is a phrase used by yachties to refer to a location where a high percentage of yachts never leave the destination or the yacht is sold after arriving. These ports tend to be in areas where physically it is difficult to sail home, the cost of living is low, and parts to repair vessels expensive to obtain.
See also
Emigration from Hong Kong
References
Human migration
History of Hong Kong
Ken Morgan (28 July 1932 – 20 December 2008) was a Welsh professional footballer who made one appearance in the Football League for Crystal Palace as an outside right.
References
1932 births
2008 deaths
Footballers from Swansea
Association football outside forwards
Welsh footballers
Fulham F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Watford F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Guildford City F.C. players
Southern Football League players
Trudie is a female given name. Notable people with the name include:
Trudie Chalder, English professor
Trudie Goodwin (born 1951), English actress
Trudie Lamb-Richmond (1931–2021), American educator
Trudie Lang, English professor
Trudie Styler (born 1954), English actress
English given names
Okan Suleiman (; born 4 March 2000) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a forward for Gamma Ethniki club Tilikratis
References
2000 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek people of Turkish descent
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Xanthi F.C. players
Kavala F.C. players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Xanthi
P. bidentata may refer to:
Paramoera bidentata, an amphipod crustacean
Perforatella bidentata, a land snail
Phaonia bidentata, a fly first described in 1933
Phoneyusa bidentata, a large arachnid
Piranga bidentata, an American songbird
Pyrene bidentata, a sea snail
No Lonely Angels is a 2002 Chinese drama film directed by Zhang Fanfan, starring Guo Tao and Li Xiaoran as two lovesick people in Beijing.
Plot
Ten years after childhood friend He Jialing (Tao Hong) left Beijing, Lang Zhuo (Guo Tao) still calls her to leave voice messages from time to time, despite never getting any call backs. One day, he meets college student Ye Fan (Li Xiaoran), 7 years his junior, in a bar. The pair hangs out a few times to ameliorate their loneliness, but just before their relationship develops, He Jialing comes back to Beijing and moves in with Lang Zhuo. Ye Fan begins to date other men, including one who tries to rape her.
Lang Zhuo takes a business trip abroad, and calls Jialing asking her to receive a distant relative. Meanwhile, an undercover police officer Bian Qiang (Xie Xiaodong) mistakes Jialing for a prostitute involved with his drug-trafficking case. They have dinner and Bian Qiang falls in love with her. Later, Jialing is mad that Bian Qiang has lied about his identity, but gradually discovers that she has fallen in love with him. She moves out of Lang Zhuo's apartment, leaving him an apology on his voice mail.
More than a year later, a thief named Zhao (Xu Zheng) sneaks into the unoccupied apartment and takes possession of it. He poses as the owner and rents it to Ye Fan for a large sum. Lang Zhuo returns from a failed relationship in South Korea and finds Ye Fan and her new boyfriend (Liao Fan) making out in his apartment. Even though Ye has already paid her rent, legal authorities inform her that she must move out. Watching television, Lang Zhuo realizes that Jialing has married Bian Qiang and is furious. Meanwhile, Ye Fan catches Zhao on the street, but Zhao explains he is just released from prison and has no money. They have dinner together instead. Ye Fan decides to leave Beijing for good and goes to the airport, where he finds Lang Zhuo, also waiting in line.
Awards
It won Outstanding Film (tied with A Beautiful Neighbour), Outstanding Supporting Actress (Tao Hong) and Outstanding Lighting (Ji Xiaoming) at the 24th Little A Hundred Flowers Awards.
References
External links
2002 drama films
2002 films
Chinese drama films
Films directed by Zhang Fanfan
2000s Chinese films
Charles Hugo Jacobi (April 18, 1846 – November 13, 1924) was an American businessman and politician.
Jacobi was born in Rockenhausen, Rhemish, Bavaria and emigrated to the United States in 1855. Jacobi settled in Watertown, Wisconsin. He went to the Spencerian College in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and to college in Germany. Jacobi worked for the Wisconsin National Bank and the Bank of Watertown. He was also involved in the insurance business. Jacobi also served as United Consul in Reichenberg, Austria. Jacobi served on the Watertown Common Council and on the board of education. Jacobi was a Democrat. He served in the Wisconsin Assembly from 1891 to 1895. Jacobi also worked as a gauger for the United States Internal Revenue during the first term of President Grover Cleveland. Jacobi died at his home in Watertown, Wisconsin after a long illness.
Notes
External links
1846 births
1924 deaths
Bavarian emigrants to the United States
Politicians from Watertown, Wisconsin
American consuls
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Democrats
School board members in Wisconsin
Wisconsin city council members
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Giorgos Catsadorakis is a Greek biologist. He was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2001, for his contributions to the protection of the wetlands of Préspa, jointly with fellow biologist Myrsini Malakou. Their efforts resulted in an agreement between Greece, the Republic of Macedonia and Albania on establishing the Préspa Park as a protected area of the region.
References
1958 births
Living people
Greek biologists
Greek environmentalists
Goldman Environmental Prize awardees
Vera Brühne (February 6, 1910 in Essen – April 17, 2001 in Munich) became famous throughout Germany as a victim of miscarriage of justice. In 1961/62, she was convicted, together with Johann Ferbach, of having murdered the physician Otto Praun and his lover. Ulrich Sonnemann considered the case as a new Dreyfus affair. In 1979, she was pardoned by Bavarian governor Franz Josef Strauss.
Dramatization
Vera Brühne (2001), film
References
External links
Vera Brühne on IMDb
Lebenslänglich für Vera Brühne. Deutsche Welle.
Der Tod kam nicht um 19.45 Uhr. In: Der Spiegel, 1973, n. 39.
Die wahrhaftige Lügnerin. In: Die Zeit, n. 22/2001.
Film Documentation „Die großen Kriminalfälle: Lebenslänglich für Vera Brühne“, by Michael Gramberg, WDR, May 11, 2000.
1910 births
2001 deaths
German people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Germany
Mladen Vukasović (Cyrillic: Младен Вукасовић, born 22 July 1992) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who played for Radnik Surdulica in the Serbian SuperLiga.
He is a younger brother of Marko Vukasović.
Club career
Born in Cetinje, Vukasović played in lower league Serbian clubs Crvena Zvezda Novi Sad, Novi Sad, ČSK Čelarevo, BSK Borča, Senta and Cement Beočin. During winter break of 2016–17 he joined Radnik Surdulica thus making a debut in the Serbian highest level.
References
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cetinje
Association football forwards
Montenegrin footballers
RFK Novi Sad 1921 players
FK ČSK Čelarevo players
FK BSK Borča players
FK Senta players
FK Cement Beočin players
FK Radnik Surdulica players
FK Odžaci players
Shabab Al-Aqaba Club players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Jordanian Pro League players
Montenegrin expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Jordan
American girl group Fifth Harmony has released three studio albums, six extended plays, eleven singles, and seventeen music videos. After finishing third on the second season of The X Factor US the group was signed to Epic Records though Syco Music. Less than a year later, Fifth Harmony released their debut single from their debut extended play, "Miss Movin' On". The single charted on the Mainstream Top 40 and New Zealand, peaking at 27 in both countries. It was certified Gold in the United States for selling combined sales and track-equivalent streams units of 500,000. The group's extended play, Better Together peaked at number six on the Billboard 200 and number 18 in New Zealand, charting in both countries similar to the group's lead single. As part of the promotion for Better Together, four other versions were released of the extended play, including an acoustic release, a Spanish-language acoustic and a standard Spanish-language translated version as well as a remix edition. The four former EPs were released in a 4-CD bundle titled Better Together: The Deluxe Edition, directly from Fifth Harmony's official store; it also included a download code for the latter remix EP, as it was not available physically. In Walmart exclusively, the Juntos and Juntos Acoustic EPs were bundled together, while at Target, "One Wish" was included as a bonus track on the original version; meanwhile, the iTunes edition of the original EP included "Me & My Girls", which the group performed in 2013 as guests on the third season of The X Factor, and served as a promotional single for the EP.
The group's debut studio album, Reflection was released in February 2015, and debuted at number five on the Billboard 200. Elsewhere, the album peaked within the top ten of Canada, Brazil and Spain while reaching the top thirty in ten additional countries. The lead single from the album, "Boss", debuted at number 43 on the Billboard Hot 100, earning the group their first top fifty entry. It also became the group's first single entry in the United Kingdom, charting at 21 as well as charting in the top forty of three additional countries. The following single, "Sledgehammer" reached number 40, earning them their first top forty entry and made its first entry in the Adult Pop Songs chart, peaking at number 36. Since their release, both songs have been certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. The group's third and final single, "Worth It" featuring American rapper Kid Ink, debuted at number 82 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming a sleeper hit and staying in the charts for twenty-three weeks before peaking at number 12, earning Fifth Harmony their first top twenty entry in the United States. Additionally, the song managed to reach number one in three countries and peaked within the top ten in thirteen countries. Since its release, the song has been certified quadruple-platinum in the United States, double-platinum in Australia and Canada and platinum in five other countries. The song's music video has reached over two billion views on YouTube.
After the release of "Worth It", the group announced that they would be releasing a song for the computer animated fantasy–comedy film, Hotel Transylvania 2 titled "I'm in Love with a Monster". It was subsequently released a month before the film's premiere date and used in both the trailer and the film. The following year, the group released their lead single from their sophomore studio album, 7/27, titled "Work from Home". The song would become the group's highest-charting single, topping the charts in New Zealand, the Netherlands, and Brazil, and reaching the top ten in fourteen additional countries. In the United States, the song debuted at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 before reaching its peak at number four after charting for thirteen weeks, beating the previous peak that was upheld by their single, "Worth It". The song earned the group several certifications, including Diamond in Brazil and France, Quintuple Platinum in the US, Canada, and Australia, and Double Platinum in eight additional countries. The music video for the song has been viewed over two billion times on YouTube. Nearly three months later, the group released 7/27 and charted for the second time in the top five of the Billboard 200, this time at number 4, outperforming the previous feat that their debut album Reflection held. Elsewhere, the album reached number one in Brazil and Spain and the top ten in fourteen other countries. The group's following single, "All in My Head (Flex)" reached number twenty-four in the US and therefore earned the group their fourth top forty entry after charting for seven weeks. The song was eventually certified Platinum in the US and Gold in the UK and five other countries, while their third single "That's My Girl" was certified Gold in the US, UK, and Canada.
After group member Camila Cabello announced her departure from the group, Fifth Harmony released "Down", featuring rapper Gucci Mane, as the lead single from their third album in June. Two months later, the group's self-titled album Fifth Harmony was released and peaked at number 4 on the Billboard 200. It also reached number one in Spain and the top ten in the UK and seven other countries. "He Like That" was announced as the album's second single, and the music video was released on August 25, the same day the album was released. The video for promotional single "Angel" was released on August 11, just two weeks before the album's release. The music video for "Deliver" was released on September 8. "Down" peaked at number 42 on the Hot 100. "Por Favor", Fifth Harmony's duet with Pitbull, was released as the third single from the Spotify 11-track re-release of the album, and charted in some Spanish-speaking countries. The group also released "Can You See", a song from the soundtrack to The Star, and later released a Spotify-exclusive EP, Spotify Singles, which included exclusive live performance of "He Is like That", as well as a cover of Calvin Harris' "Feels".
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Promotional singles
Other charted songs
Other appearances
Music videos
Notes
References
Pop music group discographies
Discographies of American artists
Discography
The Make-Up Artists and Hair Stylists Guild Award for Best Special Make-Up Effects in a Feature-Length Motion Picture is one of the awards given annually to people working in the motion picture industry by the Make-Up Artists and Hair Stylists Guild (MUAHS). It is presented to makeup artists who work in Special Effects makeup, or "Prosthetic makeup", whose work has been deemed "best" in a given year. The award was first given in 2000, during the first annual awards, and was given when the awards were brought back in 2014.
Winners and nominees
"†" indicates Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling
"‡" indicates Academy Award nomination for Best Makeup and Hairstyling
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
Film awards for makeup and hairstyling
Kadir Caidi (born 17 July 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender.
Career
Early career
Born in Ravenna, Romagna, Kadir Caidi started his professional career at Romagna club A.C. Cesena along with his brother Nebil. K.Caidi was a member of Cesena U16 team for 2005–06 Emilia–Romagna student league. He was promoted to U17 team (Allievi) for national student league in 2006–07 season. K.Caidi was the member of the reserve B in Berretti reserve league in 2007–08 season. Reserve A and B merged in 2008–09 season, as Cesena first team was relegated at the end of 2007–08 Serie B, thus the reserve A was no longer eligible to national "spring" league. K.Caidi remained in the reserve for 2008–09 season. He followed the reserve returned to the spring league in 2009–10 season, but only played 15 times.
Caidi spent 2010–11 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione in Valenzana after he was graduated from the U20 reserve. K.Caidi made 11 appearances in his maiden season.
Bologna–Cesena swap
On 29 June 2011, one day before the closure of 2010–11 financial year, Cesena formed two swap deals with Bologna F.C. 1909, which K.Caidi was transferred to the capital of Emilia along with Angelo Gregorio in co-ownership deal for €750,000 and €1 million respectively. At the same time, Jacopo Luppi and Giacomo Bassoli moved to Romagna in the same formula. The all four players signed a 3-year contract, which both K.Caidi and Gregorio had an annual wage of €28,757 each, which barely above minimum wage. The deal made both club benefited financially in short term but no effect with the strength of the squad.
Lega Pro loans
K.Caidi left for Italian fourth division newcomer Santarcangelo in July 2011, along with Gregorio (both from Bologna/Cesena), G.Bassoli (from Cesena/Bologna), Simone Tonelli (from Vicenza/Cesena), Nicola Del Pivo, Rivolino Gavoci and Daniele Ferri (Cesena only).
In January 2012 he was exchanged with Cesena teammate Michele Gabbianelli, who went on loan to Bellaria in the first half of the season. K.Caidi re-joined former Cesena teammate Marcello Scarponi and Thomas Fabbri (from Parma/Cesena), as well as met J.Luppi in Bellaria. The team was coached by the brother of Cesena president Nicola Campedelli.
In August 2012 Caidi left for Giacomense. Caidi was suspended in round 4 (23 September) due to his second caution (and subsequent sent off) on round 3, his second appearance for the team. He was booked again in round 8, his fourth game for Giacomense. Caidi played once more time for Giacomense in round 8 (2 December) before he was released in January 2013.
In June 2013 both clubs gave up to remain 50% registration rights.
Footnotes
References
External links
FIGC
Football.it Profiles
Italian footballers
A.C. Cesena players
Valenzana Mado players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Santarcangelo Calcio players
A.C. Bellaria Igea Marina players
A.C. Giacomense players
Association football defenders
Italy youth international footballers
Serie C players
Sportspeople from Ravenna
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from Emilia-Romagna
A parliamentary secretary is a member of Parliament in the Westminster system who assists a more senior minister with their duties. In several countries, the position has been re-designated as assistant minister.
In the parliamentary systems of several Commonwealth countries, such as the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, India and Singapore, it is customary for the prime minister to appoint parliamentary secretaries from their political party in parliament to assist cabinet ministers with their work. The role of parliamentary secretaries varies under different prime ministers. The post has often served as a training ground for future ministers.
In the Commonwealth
Australia
In Australia, parliamentary secretaries are appointed in the federal government and most state governments. At the federal level, the Australian constitution provides only for the appointment of "ministers of state". Under current practice, ministers of state are divided into three levels: parliamentary secretaries are the third level, after cabinet ministers (ministers who are members of the Cabinet of Australia) and other ministers. Since 2015, "parliamentary secretaries" have been known as "assistant ministers" instead. However, the Ministers of State Act 1952 still refers to "parliamentary secretaries", as a category of "ministers of state". The Prime Minister is permitted to appoint a member from either house of Parliament to be a parliamentary secretary to a minister. As they are ministers of state for constitutional purposes, parliamentary secretaries may be paid a salary.
According to Paul Keating in 1993, "the institution of Parliamentary Secretary provides a very inexpensive means not only of giving talented individuals executive experience but providing Ministers with needed support.".
In the state of Queensland, parliamentary secretaries were re-designated as 'assistant ministers' following the 2012 Queensland election.
Canada
During Jean Chrétien's term as Prime Minister of Canada, parliamentary secretaries were set to two-year terms and the post was used as a reward for weary backbenchers. Their duty was to answer questions and table reports on behalf of ministers when they were unable to be present in the house.
Chrétien's successor as Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin, when sworn in in 2003, promised a new role for parliamentary secretaries. They would now be sworn into the privy council, giving them access to some secret documents, and allowing them to attend Canadian Cabinet meetings and be assigned specific files by ministers. This replaced the positions of Secretaries of State which had been employed under Chrétien.
Ceylon
Under the Soulbury Constitution, junior members of parliament were appointed to serve as parliamentary secretaries. Each cabinet minister would have one parliamentary secretary. In 1972, the republican constitution replace the position of parliamentary secretary with that of deputy minister. With the parliamentary secretary for external affairs and defence serving as the de-facto parliamentary secretary to the Prime Minister of Ceylon.
Malaysia
New Zealand
The position titled Parliamentary Under-Secretary is established by the Constitution Act 1986. Unlike ministers in the New Zealand Government, parliamentary under-secretaries are not members of the Executive Council.
New Zealand also has Parliamentary Private Secretaries.
Singapore
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, Parliamentary Secretary (in full, usually Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State in those departments headed by a Secretary of State) is the third level of government minister, below Minister of State and Secretary of State (or another minister of Secretary of State rank, such as the Chancellor of the Exchequer). Not all departments have all three levels of minister.
A Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS), on the other hand, is a Member of Parliament who acts as an unpaid assistant to an individual minister, but has no ministerial role, although is expected to support the government at all times.
Outside the Commonwealth
Germany
A Parliamentary State Secretary () is a member of the Bundestag given a portfolio to assist a Minister with running a government ministry. The position is roughly analogous to deputy ministers.
In 2021, there are 36 parliamentary state secretaries in the Merkel IV Cabinet. The position was first introduced in 1967 to help younger politicians gain experience for future ministerial roles.
Ireland
In the Irish Free State, the Ministers and Secretaries Act, 1924 created the post of Parliamentary Secretary, originally limited to seven holders. In 1978, the office was superseded in Ireland by the office of Minister of State.
See also
Parliamentary assistant
Permanent secretary
Private secretary
Undersecretary
References
Political terminology in Australia
Political terminology in Canada
Government in Canada
Franklin Evans Roach (September 23, 1905 – September 21, 1993) was an American astronomer, astrophysicist, geophysicist, professor, and scientist analyzing UFO phenomenon who made significant contributions to the field of aeronomy in upper atmosphere research as one of its fathers. Roach was involved in high explosives physics research connected with the Manhattan Project and later with NICAP and the Condon Committee as part of ufology.
Biography
Roach was born in Jamestown (now known as Jamestown Charter Township), Ottawa County, Michigan, fifteen miles southwest of Grand Rapids to his optometrist father Richard Franklin Roach (1878-1939) and his mother, a housewife, Ingeborg "Belle" Mathilde Torgerson (1878-1957). Franklin Roach died two days before reaching age 88.
Franklin was a Boy Scout as a youth reaching the rank of First Class while participating in a Scout Troop in Wheaton, Illinois under the direction of his father who was its Scoutmaster.
Roach attended in 1919-1921 his first two years of secondary education at Wheaton High School in Wheaton, Illinois. This was followed by his final two years with graduation in 1923 from Benjamin Franklin High School in Los Angeles, California while residing in the Highland Park region of that city from 1921-1923.
Roach had three siblings: Laurance (c1909/1910-1993), Alice (-1995), and Richard (-1982).
Roach is buried in Boulder, Colorado.
Rayleigh Unit
The Rayleigh Unit is a unit of photon flux used to measure the radiance of air glow, atmospheric phenomena like auroras, and integrated starlight of various forms in space. The Rayleigh Unit was first proposed in 1956 by Donald M. Hunten, Franklin E. Roach, and Joseph W. Chamberlain and named by them for Robert John Strutt, 4th Baron Rayleigh (1875–1947) who first discovered the glow of the night sky. The symbol for the unit is R, also like the unrelated Roentgen unit.
Fulbright Scholar
Franklin Roach spent a year in Paris in 1951-2 on a Fulbright Fellowship investigating night-sky research. Roach also worked with a European pioneer, Daniel Barbier, in this same field.
Encounter with Struve
Roach, who had a gentle personality, worked early in his career with Otto Struve. Struve had an abrasive personality, and spared no words upon his victims. Struve encouraged the removal of the existing Director of Yerkes Observatory and facilitated his own appointment to the same position, despite Frost originally inviting Struve to come to Yerkes when Struve at that time only spoke Russian and was destitute in Turkey and Greece after escaping the Russian Revolution. On July 1, 1932 Struve succeeded Edwin Brant Frost as Director of Yerkes Observatory. Roach, a graduate student at Yerkes in an office on that date, had the following encounter with Struve while measuring a spectogram authorized by the existing Director Frost earlier that morning:
Version in Yerkes:
Version in Musings:
Book Contributions
Roach wrote most or contributed in part to several important books. Two elucidating on the subject of airglow would serve as foundation volumes in the field of upper atmosphere science: Aurora and Airglow edited by B. M. McCormac, and The Light of the Night Sky. Another one with a scientific approach to ufology in the early 1970s would serve as a foundation volume for that field of exploratory science: UFO's: A Scientific Debate edited by Carl Sagan and Thornton Page. On the general front, he would write the chapter "Aurora and Airglow" in the Scientific American book The Planet Earth for the popular audience.
The Light of the Night Sky
While still associated with "Rutgers, The State University" in Newark, New Jersey and the University of Hawaii in Honolulu, Hawaii Roach served as the principal author, along with co-author Janet L. Gordon (then working for and associated with the Bernice P. Bishop Museum in Honolulu), in a successful book which served as an important early volume in the series Geophysics and Astrophysics Monographs. Gordon proofread and edited Roach's work, and wrote the historical sections to provide further context. Gordon was married with Roach later in 1977. The volume was published in December 1973 and became the fourth volume in this international series of fundamental monograph textbooks on the subjects of geophysics and astrophysics.
Roach's and Gordon's volume was entitled The Light of the Night Sky and dealt with the subject of the composition of the lighted sky itself in the topical subject area "the light of the night sky" (LONS). It gave scientific presentations with a fundamental overview of the atmospheric processes and interstellar physics involved, especially on Earth's nightside. The preface was prepared in August 1973 and Roach was still writing later chapters in September. Topics discussed included the dark adaptation of the eye, star counts and the distribution of starlight over the sky, the polarization of the "Zodiacal Light", and the study of "The Gegenschein".
Further discussions concerned whether the nightglow was a static or dynamic phenomena, the sources or causes of nightglow, the photochemical reactions in Earth's upper atmosphere, the appearance of the nightglow from space in Earth's exosphere and geocorona. The book also dealt with the polar aurora, auroral arcs, the varying brightness of the "Nightglow Layer" depending on zenithal distance, dust-scattered starlight, the diffuse galactic light, dust in the interplanetary and interstellar environment concerning the "Zodiacal Dust Cloud", and interstellar dust. The text ended with a summation concerning the cosmic light between galaxies and the contemplative topic of cosmology.
Awards
Becoming a world authority in auroral studies and airglow, Franklin travelled to Washington, D.C. in early 1961 to be honored as the recipient of the Gold Medal of the U.S. Department of Commerce for his "outstanding contribution to upper atmosphere physics by means of studies of optical emission from the night sky". Franklin had been nominated for the award by Gordon Little. The award was bestowed to him by Luther H. Hodges, the 15th United States Secretary of Commerce who had just completed his second term as Governor of North Carolina.
Legacy
Memorial Scholarship
Franklin E. Roach Memorial Scholarship, University of Arizona.
Archives
Following Roach's passing his papers were archived in 1994 in Alaska upon the recommendation of Bob Eklund (Robert L. Eklund) (associated with Mount Wilson Observatory) to Donald Osterbrock who made arrangements:
Franklin E. Roach Papers, Archives, Alaska and Polar Regions Department, Collections Section, Elmer E. Rasmuson Library, University of Alaska, Fairbanks, Alaska.
See also
Atmosphere of Earth
Diffuse sky radiation
Rayleigh scattering
Mie scattering
Notes
Citations
References
Hunten, D. M.; Roach, F. E.; Chamberlain, J. W., "A photometric unit for the airglow and aurora", Journal of Atmospheric and Terrestrial Physics, 1956 June, Vol. 8, No. 6, pp. 345–346.
Osterbrock, Donald E., Obituary: "Franklin Evans Roach, 1905-1993", Bulletin of the American Astronomical Society, 1994 September, Vol. 26, No. 4, pp. 1608–1610.
Osterbrock, Donald E., Yerkes Observatory, 1892-1950: The Birth, Near Death, and Resurrection of a Scientific Research Institution, The University of Chicago Press, 1997, , hardcover (cloth).
Roach, Franklin Evans, Musings and Memoirs of Franklin Evans Roach, with annotated comments by Eloise Blakslee Roach; Edited by Janet Gordon-Roach, Charlotte L. Roach Vedeler, and Chris Vedeler, book format (1999) copyright Charlotte Vedeler and Gerry Roach, privately published, softcover (only)(blue wraps).
1905 births
1993 deaths
American astronomers
Manhattan Project people
Ufologists
University of Chicago alumni
Department of Commerce Gold Medal
People from Ottawa County, Michigan
University of Michigan alumni
The New Constitutional Society for Women's Suffrage was a British organisation that campaigned for women to be given the vote. It was formed in January 1910 following the election to lobby Liberal members of parliament. The organisation was not militant and it did not support (or decry) the actions of suffragettes. Its objective was "... to unite all suffragists who believe in the anti-Government election policy, who desire to work by constitutional means, and to abstain from public criticism of other suffragists whose conscience leads them to adopt different methods".
Notable members
Helen Ogston an activist, known for her anger, was an employee in 1910. She had been a leading suffragette the year before. Kate Frye was an organiser in East Anglia. She became the secretary of this organisation in 1914 In 1916 they employed Mary Phillips who was another ex-WSPU member (amongst others).
Legacy
The organisation is thought to have ended when some British women were first given the vote in 1918. None of the organisation's papers have survived, but the diary of the organisation's secretary Kate Frye was discovered and the relevant sections have been edited and published.
References
1910 establishments in the United Kingdom
Feminist organisations in the United Kingdom
First-wave feminism
Organisations based in London
Organizations established in 1910
Women's organisations based in the United Kingdom
Social history of the United Kingdom
Suffrage organisations in the United Kingdom
ISO 3166-2:UZ is the entry for Uzbekistan in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Uzbekistan, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 city, 12 regions, and 1 republic. The city Tashkent is the capital of the country and has special status equal to the regions.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Uzbekistan. The second part is two letters.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:
See also
Subdivisions of Uzbekistan
FIPS region codes of Uzbekistan
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: UZ
Regions of Uzbekistan, Statoids.com
2:UZ
ISO 3166-2
Uzbekistan geography-related lists
L. orientalis may refer to:
Lactuca orientalis, a plant species
Lacuna orientalis, a sea snail species
Lasionycta orientalis, a moth species found in Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan
Laxmannia orientalis, a tufted perennial herb species in the genus Laxmannia endemic to Australia
Leptorhynchos orientalis, an annual or perennial herb species in the genus Leptorhynchos endemic to Australia
Limaria orientalis, the file shell, a bivalve mollusc species
Liquidambar orientalis, the Oriental sweetgum or Turkish sweetgum, a deciduous tree species native to the eastern Mediterranean region
Lonchoptera orientalis, a spear-winged fly species in the genus Lonchoptera
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Channel ME (former MRTV Entertainment) is a free-to-air channel broadcasting 24 hours with the sole purpose of entertaining the public. Broadcast from Naypyidaw by state-run Myanmar Radio and Television (MRTV).
Programming
Quest to A Million (since 2017)
The Mask Singer Myanmar (since 2019)
See also
MRTV (Broadcast Network)
MRTV (TV channel)
MITV
MRTV-4
Television in Myanmar
Media in Myanmar
References
External links
Official Facebook page of Channel ME (Burmese)
Mass media in Myanmar
Television channels in Myanmar
Television in Myanmar
St Ives Town Hall is a municipal structure in Market Hill, St Ives, Cambridgeshire, England. The structure, which is the meeting place of St Ives Town Council, is a Grade II listed building.
History
The building was originally commissioned by a currier, John Warner, as a private residence known as Stanley House. It was designed by a local architect, George Allen, in the neoclassical style, built by a local contractor, Henry Bennett and Son, in brown brick with stone dressings and was completed in 1850. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with three bays facing onto Market Hill; the central bay featured a doorway with a fanlight, a rusticated archivolt and a keystone. On the first floor there was a three-light pedimented window and on the second floor there was a small square window. The outer bays were fenestrated by three-light windows with archivolts on the ground floor, sash windows with brackets and cornices on the first floor and small square windows on the second floor. The first floor windows also all had stone balconies. At roof level there was a modillioned cornice which jutted out over the pavement. Internally, the principal room was the drawing room on the first floor.
After Warner died in 1872, the house passed to his son, William Wigston Warner, who served five separate terms as mayor of St Ives. In the early 1920s, the Warner family decided to sell the house and, after a brief period of ownership by Lloyds Bank, it was acquired by St Ives Borough Council for £1,200 in 1924. There was strong opposition to the acquisition: there was rioting in the streets and some local people even stood for election with a manifesto of opposing the acquisition. The council commissioned a programme of works to convert the drawing room on the first floor into a council chamber and to establish an office for the town clerk, although it was later claimed that the works were carried out without planning consent.
The town hall continued to serve as the headquarters of the borough council for much of the 20th century, but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged Huntingdonshire District Council was formed in 1974. It continued to function as the offices and meeting place of St Ives Town Council, and also provided office accommodation for various local organisations including the Cambridgeshire Branch of CPRE, The Countryside Charity, as well as acting as a place of worship for the local branch of the United Reformed Church. An extensive programme of improvement works, including the installation of a lift, was completed in 2009.
References
Government buildings completed in 1850
City and town halls in Cambridgeshire
Grade II listed buildings in Cambridgeshire
St Ives, Cambridgeshire
Cordylanthus capitatus, the Yakima bird's-beak or clustered bird's-beak, is an uncommon plant of the Western U.S.
Description
Annual with spreading branches, 10–50 cm, glaucous-green or grey-purple, densely glandular- and nonglandular-hairy. Stems paniculately branched; herbage green, pubescent (spreading-viscid and short-glandular-pilose) with long soft white hairs. Leaves of main stem alternate, deeply divided into 3 linear to thread-like segments, 20–40 mm; of the branches entire, few and remote. Inflorescences "leafy" 2—4 flowered small capitate spikes, 15–20 mm, head-like; bracts gland-tipped, of 2 kinds: those subtending the spike 4–7, linear-lanceolate, palmately divided (lobes 3 in lower ½), 10–20 mm; those subtending each flower entire or pinnately divided, 12–18 mm, elliptical, acute, entire, arched outward, purplish. Flower calyx purplish, 10–15 mm (shorter than the inner floral bract), tube 2–4 mm, tip bifid 2–3 mm deep, ca 1/3 of the calyx length; corolla 10–20 mm, erect, straight or nearly so, maroon, puberulent with reflexed hairs; lips subequal in length: galea pale, whitish, with a yellow-tip, finely pubescent and dark purple dorsally: lower lip shorter than upper: throat moderately inflated, 4–6 mm wide; stamens 2: filaments glabrous or nearly so, dilated above base and forming a U-shaped curve near the anther: anther sac 1 (with vestiges of a second), ciliate. Fruit is a capsule, slender, pointed, 8–10 mm long. Seeds 4–6, 2–2.5 mm, rather reniform, shallowly reticulate, rather smooth between nets.
Distribution, habitat, and ecology
This plant is endemic to its range, an area stretching from central Washington, to the western edge of Montana, to the Warner Mountains of north-eastern California. It lives in open upland slopes and flats, within lower montane yellow pine forests and Great Basin juniper scrub, in dry, gravelly basaltic soil. It is usually associated with sagebrush, being a hemiparasite of that plant. Its elevational range is from 4,575 to above sea level.
Conservation status and threats
California Native Plant Society List 2.2.
NatureServe Global Rank: G4
The threats facing Yaquima bird's-beak are not known at present.
Field identification
Yakima bird's-beak flowers from July to early September. The flowers are purple. It is likely to be found in dry, gravelly soil derived from volcanic rocks, within a few feet of sagebrush.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
CNPS Inventory Web Page for Cordylanthus capitatus
NatureServe Web Page
USDA Plants Profile
Photo gallery
capitatus
Flora of California
Flora of Nevada
Flora of Oregon
Flora of Washington (state)
This article describes the knockout stage of the 2017–18 EHF Champions League.
Qualified teams
The top six placed teams from each of the two groups advanced to the knockout stage.
Format
12 teams played home and away in the first knock-out phase, with the 10 teams qualified from groups A and B and the two teams qualified from groups C and D. After that, the six winners of these matches in the first knock-out phase joined the winners of groups A and B to play home and away for the right to play in the final four.
Round of 16
Overview
|}
Notes
Matches
Montpellier won 56–55 on aggregate.
Skjern Håndbold won 61–59 on aggregate.
HBC Nantes won 60–52 on aggregate.
Flensburg-Handewitt won 53–46 on aggregate.
PGE Vive Kielce won 77–47 on aggregate.
THW Kiel won 56–50 on aggregate.
Quarterfinals
Overview
|}
Matches
Vardar won 56–56 on aggregate on away goals.
Paris Saint-Germain won 69–60 on aggregate.
Montpellier won 57–45 on aggregate.
HBC Nantes won 60–54 on aggregate.
Final four
The final four was held at the Lanxess Arena in Cologne, Germany on 26 and 27 May 2018. The draw was held on 2 May 2018.
Bracket
Semifinals
Third place game
Final
References
External links
Final four websites
knockout stage
This is a list of electoral districts or ridings in Canada for the Canadian federal elections of 1925, 1926 and 1930.
Electoral Districts are constituencies that elect Members of Parliament in Canada's House of Commons every election.
Nova Scotia - 14 seats
Antigonish—Guysborough
Cape Breton North—Victoria
Cape Breton South
Colchester
Cumberland
Digby—Annapolis
Halifax*
Hants—Kings
Inverness
Pictou
Queens—Lunenburg
Richmond—West Cape Breton
Shelburne—Yarmouth
Prince Edward Island - 4 seats
King's
Prince
Queen's*
New Brunswick - 11 seats
Charlotte
Gloucester
Kent
Northumberland
Restigouche—Madawaska
Royal
St. John—Albert*
Victoria—Carleton
Westmorland
York—Sunbury
Quebec - 65 seats
Argenteuil
Bagot
Beauce
Beauharnois
Bellechasse
Berthier—Maskinongé
Bonaventure
Brome—Missisquoi
Cartier
Chambly—Verchères
Champlain
Charlevoix—Saguenay
Châteauguay—Huntingdon
Chicoutimi
Compton
Dorchester
Drummond—Arthabaska
Gaspé
Hochelaga
Hull
Jacques Cartier
Joliette
Kamouraska
L'Assomption—Montcalm
L'Islet
Labelle
Lake St. John
Laprairie—Napierville
Laurier—Outremont
Laval—Two Mountains
Lévis
Lotbinière
Maisonneuve
Matane
Mégantic
Montmagny
Mount Royal
Nicolet
Pontiac
Portneuf
Quebec East
Quebec South
Quebec West
Québec—Montmorency
Richelieu
Richmond—Wolfe
Rimouski
Shefford
Sherbrooke
St. Ann
St. Antoine
St. Denis
St. Henri
St. Hyacinthe—Rouville
St. James
St. Johns—Iberville
St. Lawrence—St. George
St. Mary
Stanstead
Témiscouata
Terrebonne
Three Rivers—St. Maurice
Vaudreuil—Soulanges
Wright
Yamaska
Ontario - 82 seats
Algoma East
Algoma West
Brant
Brantford City
Bruce North
Bruce South
Carleton
Dufferin—Simcoe
Durham
Elgin West
Essex East
Essex South
Essex West
Fort William
Frontenac—Addington
Glengarry
Grenville—Dundas
Grey North
Grey Southeast
Haldimand
Halton
Hamilton East
Hamilton West
Hamilton South
Hastings South
Hastings—Peterborough
Huron North
Huron South
Kenora—Rainy River
Kent
Kingston City
Lambton East
Lambton West
Lanark
Leeds
Lincoln
London
Middlesex East
Middlesex West
Muskoka—Ontario
Nipissing
Norfolk—Elgin
Northumberland
Ontario
Ottawa (City of)*
Oxford North
Oxford South
Parkdale
Parry Sound
Peel
Perth North
Perth South
Peterborough West
Port Arthur—Thunder Bay
Prescott
Prince Edward—Lennox
Renfrew North
Renfrew South
Russell
Simcoe East
Simcoe North
Stormont
Timiskaming North
Timiskaming South
Toronto East
Toronto East Centre
Toronto Northeast
Toronto Northwest
Toronto South
Toronto West Centre
Toronto—High Park
Toronto—Scarborough
Victoria
Waterloo North
Waterloo South
Welland
Wellington North
Wellington South
Wentworth
York North
York South
York West
Manitoba - 17 seats
Brandon
Dauphin
Lisgar
Macdonald
Marquette
Neepawa
Nelson
Portage la Prairie
Provencher
Selkirk
Souris
Springfield
St. Boniface
Winnipeg North
Winnipeg North Centre
Winnipeg South
Winnipeg South Centre
Saskatchewan - 21 seats
Assiniboia
Humboldt
Kindersley
Last Mountain
Long Lake
Mackenzie
Maple Creek
Melfort
Melville
Moose Jaw
North Battleford
Prince Albert
Qu'Appelle
Regina
Rosetown
Saskatoon
South Battleford
Swift Current
Weyburn
Willow Bunch
Yorkton
Alberta - 16 seats
Acadia
Athabaska
Battle River
Bow River
Calgary East
Calgary West
Camrose
Edmonton East
Edmonton West
Lethbridge
Macleod
Medicine Hat
Peace River
Red Deer
Vegreville
Wetaskiwin
British Columbia - 14 seats
Cariboo
Comox—Alberni
Fraser Valley
Kootenay East
Kootenay West
Nanaimo
New Westminster
Skeena
Vancouver Centre
Vancouver North
Vancouver South
Vancouver—Burrard
Victoria
Yale
Yukon - 1 seat
Yukon
*returned two members
1924-1933
North Central Pennsylvania, parts of which are sometimes referred to as the Northern Tier, is a region in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania which consists of sixteen counties.
History
The region is believed to have been settled by Europeans in 1759 but was not officially recorded until 1761. Most of the colonists were of Dutch, English, German or Scandinavian ancestry. Prior to these settlers this area was under the control of multiple Native American tribes.
This region is one of the state's most rich in terms of historical significance, popular culture and population diversity. Much of this area is in the Susquehanna Valley which contains the Susquehanna River which flows through New York, Pennsylvania, and Maryland. The northernmost part of this region is bordered to the north by the Southern Tier of New York state. Together, these regions are known as the Twin Tiers. The five Northern Tier counties are home to roughly 180,000 people distributed among many small towns and the countryside. The more southern areas, such as Lycoming, Clinton, Centre and Northumberland Counties, are where most of the region's population lives.
Description
North Central Pennsylvania has an abundance of flora and fauna, in addition to its cultural diversity. The region is mostly mountainous as it is located in the northern part of the Appalachian Mountain range. There are few large cities in North Central Pennsylvania, most of its population live in smaller boroughs or townships (populations between 5,000-15,000) than in large cities.
This region is also the state and national leader in the production of natural gas as it sits on a large gas deposit, part of the Marcellus Shale.
Counties and cities
Counties
North Central Pennsylvania consists of 12 counties.
In alphabetical order those counties are:
Bradford
Centre
Clinton
Columbia
Lycoming
Montour
Northumberland
Potter
Sullivan
Snyder
Tioga
Union
Cities
Largest cities based on population (Top 5):
Education
There are a total of 89 public school districts in this area, in which are 102 high schools, 147 middle schools and 307 elementary schools.
Universities
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania
Bucknell University
Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania
Lycoming College
Mansfield University of Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania College of Technology
Pennsylvania State University
Private universities in italics
Sport
North Central Pennsylvania has no major sports franchises. However, Pennsylvania State University is located in Centre County. As part of the Big Ten Conference the University has a massive athletic grasp on this region, in terms of sporting events and camps.
Non-major professional sports
Williamsport Crosscutters Single-A affiliate of the Philadelphia Phillies
State College Spikes Single-A affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals
Little League World Series
In August every summer, South Williamsport holds the Little League World Series. About one hundred players and their family members from around the country and world come to compete and spectate. The city welcomes thousands of visitors during this period of time. The games are aired on ESPN worldwide.
Notable college athletic programs
Bucknell Bison men's basketball
Penn State Nittany Lions football
Penn State Nittany Lions basketball
Penn State Lady Lions basketball
Penn State Nittany Lions wrestling
References
Regions of Pennsylvania
Allen Geelan is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s. He played for Newtown, Eastern Suburbs, Canterbury-Bankstown and Western Suburbs in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Background
Geelan played his junior rugby league for Riverwood before joining Canterbury-Bankstown in 1978. Geelan is the son of former Newtown and Canterbury-Bankstown player Col Geelan.
Playing career
Geelan spent the first 2 years at Canterbury in reserve grade before making his first grade debut for the club in 1980. He played in 3 games during the season including the 22-17 major preliminary semi final victory over Western Suburbs, but was not selected as part of the Canterbury side which won their first premiership in 38 years against Eastern Suburbs. Geelan was instead a member of the reserve grade premiership winning team which defeated Parramatta.
The following season, Geelan made 5 appearances covering for an injured Garry Hughes. He scored his first try in round 4, also his first appearance starting at lock. Due to his involvement in a "all-in brawl", he was suspended from September 1981 until April of the following year, and was released by Canterbury at the end of the season. He made a total of 58 appearances for Canterbury across all grades. In 1982, Geelan joined Eastern Suburbs but only made 1 appearance for the club before signing with Newtown. He did, however, score a try in the reserve grade loss to Balmain.
Geelan played 18 games for Newtown in 1983 which would prove to be the club's last in the top grade of Australian rugby league. Over the course of the season, he began a transition from the second row to centre and winger. He played in Newtown's final ever match in the NSWRL premiership, which was a 9–6 victory over the Canberra Raiders at Campbelltown Stadium.
In 1984, Geelan joined Western Suburbs after Newtown were evicted from the premiership due to financial reasons. In his first season at Wests, the club finished last on the table with Geelan making a career high 20 appearances. He became a regular starter in the Wests team over the next few seasons as they struggled on the field. 1986 was the first season where played mostly on the wing. In round 2, he was sent off suspended for two weeks for headbutting. In round 22 he scored his first double of tries in a match against Balmain.
In 1987, Geelan played in 22 matches and scored a personal best 7 tries, including a double in round 2 against reigning premiers Parramatta in what was the first game after the Magpies moved to Campbelltown.
Geelan scored 2 tries from 12 appearances in 1988, and played the first 9 rounds of 1989. He retired at the end of the 1989 season.
References
1959 births
Living people
Newtown Jets players
Sydney Roosters players
Western Suburbs Magpies players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Australian rugby league players
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league props
Rugby league players from Sydney
Mayim Chaya Bialik ( ; born December 12, 1975) is an American actress, game show host, and author. From 1991 to 1995, she played the title character of the NBC sitcom Blossom. From 2010 to 2019, she played neuroscientist Amy Farrah Fowler on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, for which she was nominated four times for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series in 2015 and 2017.
In August 2021, it was announced that Bialik would host the primetime version of Jeopardy! After Mike Richards stepped down from hosting the syndicated version of the show later that month, Bialik started concurrently hosting that version as well (sharing duties with Ken Jennings).
Early life and education
Mayim Chaya Bialik was born on December 12, 1975, in San Diego, California, to Beverly (née Winkleman) and Barry Bialik. Her family were Jewish immigrants who lived in the Bronx, New York City. Three of her four grandparents migrated from Poland, Czechoslovakia, and Hungary. She was raised as a Reform Jew but now considers herself Modern Orthodox Jewish. Bialik had a Bat Mitzvah and has called herself a "staunch Zionist". Her name, Mayim ("water" in Hebrew), originates in a family nickname of her great-grandmother, Miriam. The Hebrew-language poet Hayim Nahman Bialik was her great-great-great-granduncle.
Bialik graduated in 1993 from North Hollywood High School in North Hollywood, California. In acknowledgment of her acting commitments, she was granted a deferred acceptance and attended University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in neuroscience, with minors in Hebrew and Jewish studies, in 2000.
Bialik has said she did not have the grades needed for medical school. She went on to study for a doctorate in neuroscience. She took a break from studies in 2005 to return to acting. She returned to earn her Doctor of Philosophy degree in neuroscience from UCLA in 2007 under Dr. James McCracken. Her dissertation was titled "Hypothalamic regulation in relation to maladaptive, obsessive-compulsive, affiliative and satiety behaviors in Prader–Willi syndrome".
Acting career
Bialik started her career as a child actress in the late 1980s. Her early roles included the 1988 horror film Pumpkinhead (her first acting job) and guest appearances on The Facts of Life (two final-season episodes) and Beauty and the Beast. In 1988–89, she appeared in eight episodes of the sitcom Webster as Frieda, Webster's classmate. It was for Beauty and the Beast, where she played a sewer-dwelling girl named Ellie (with about ten lines of dialogue) that she obtained her Screen Actors Guild (SAG) card. She appeared in three episodes of MacGyver as Lisa Woodman. She appeared in Beaches (1988), playing Bette Midler's character as a young girl. Many contemporary reviews singled out her performance as a strong point in an otherwise emotionally contrived and formulaic film. She appeared in the music video for Michael Jackson's song "Liberian Girl". In 1990, she was tied to two television pilots, Fox's Molloy and NBC's Blossom. Molloy produced six episodes for a tryout run, followed by the shooting of the pilot special for Blossom. The latter aired two weeks before the Fox series and garnered higher ratings. When Molloy folded after its six episodes, Blossom premiered as a mid-season replacement on January 3, 1991, and aired until May 22, 1995.
On September 8, 1992, Bialik was a celebrity contestant guest in the episode "Disturbing The Heavenly Peace", the first episode of the second season of the PBS game show Where In The World Is Carmen Sandiego?. She had a major part in the Woody Allen comedy film Don't Drink the Water in 1994. Between 1995 and 2005, she mostly did voiceover work for cartoons, such as The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest, Disney's Recess and Kim Possible, Cartoon Network's Johnny Bravo, and Nickelodeon's Hey Arnold!. She appeared in the feature film Kalamazoo? (2005) and in three episodes of the HBO comedy series Curb Your Enthusiasm as Jodi Funkhouser, the daughter of a friend of Larry David. The character transitioned to male in a later episode, going by the name Joey, and was recast to Chaz Bono. Bialik also made guest appearances as a fictionalized version of herself in the series Fat Actress and in an episode of Saving Grace.
Bialik had a recurring role as the high school guidance counselor in ABC Family's The Secret Life of the American Teenager. In 2009, Clinton Kelly nominated her for a makeover on TLC's What Not To Wear. She joined the cast of The Big Bang Theory as Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler in 2010. Her first appearance was in the season3 finale as a potential love interest for the character of Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons). In season 4, she began as a recurring character playing Sheldon's "friend that's a girl, but not a girlfriend." Beginning with the 8th episode of season4, she became part of the main cast. Amy is a neurobiologist, which is related to Bialik's real-life doctorate in neuroscience. Bialik's performance in The Big Bang Theory earned her Emmy Award nominations in 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015 for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. Bialik was one of seven actresses who had a "quirky" personality to audition for the role. Before she joined the cast, in the episode "The Bat Jar Conjecture", Raj suggests recruiting the real-life Bialik to their Physics Bowl team, saying "You know who's apparently very smart is the girl who played TV's Blossom. She got a Ph.D. in neuroscience or something." She is one of the guest stars on the 2014 Steve Carell improvisational sketch show Riot.
In August 2014, Bialik began hosting a revival of Candid Camera on TV Land along with Peter Funt. Her most recent movie appearance was in a Lifetime Christmas movie, The Flight Before Christmas.
In 2019, Bialik appeared in a commercial for IBM. On August 20, 2019, it was announced that she and her new production company, Sad Clown Productions, had signed exclusive contracts with Warner Bros. Entertainment. Mackenzie Gabriel-Vaught, a former executive at Chuck Lorre Productions, is Sad Clown's head of development. Sad Clown Productions, in conjunction with Jim Parsons's That's Wonderful Productions, BBC Studios, and Miranda Hart, executive-produces a starring vehicle for Bialik, Call Me Kat, based on the British series Miranda. A co-production of Warner Bros. and Fox Entertainment, it premiered on Fox on January 3, 2021 and was renewed for a second season in May 2021.
From May 31 to June 11, 2021, Bialik was a guest host of Jeopardy! On August 11, 2021, it was announced that she would host the series' future primetime specials and spinoffs. When executive producer Mike Richards resigned as host after one week, it was announced that Bialik would guest-host the show for three weeks. Her contract was extended to seven weeks; she will then alternate with Ken Jennings for the rest of the calendar year. On December 8, 2021, it was announced that Bialik and Jennings will continue to host the show for the rest of the 2021–22 season. On July 27, 2022, it was announced that Bialik and Jennings will be the show's permanent hosts in a job-sharing arrangement.
Other works and writings
Grok Nation
Bialik founded Grok Nation (originally styled "GrokNation") in August 2015 to facilitate conversations among people of different ages and backgrounds about contemporary issues. It aimed to engage readers in online conversations that lead to offline action, mobilizing them to change the world as a community. To grok means to understand in a profound manner. (The term comes from the 1961 science fiction novel Stranger in a Strange Land by Robert A. Heinlein.) Bialik had written on a similar idea for JTA-affiliated Jewish parenting site Kveller for five years. She announced and described her new creation on Kveller.
Along with former Sassy writer and editor Christina Kelly, Bialik relaunched Grok Nation as a women's lifestyle site in March 2018. The site ceased updates in March 2019, with new content shifting to Bialik's email newsletter.
Books
Bialik has written two books by herself, and two books with pediatrician Jay Gordon. Beyond the Sling is about attachment parenting, while Mayim's Vegan Table contains over 100 of Bialik's vegan recipes. Her third book, Girling Up, is about the struggles of and ways in which girls grow up, showing the scientific ways in which their bodies change. Its successor, Boying Up (2018) analyzes the science, anatomy and mentality of growing up as a boy, and the physical and mental changes and challenges boys face while transitioning from adolescence to adulthood.
The New York Times op-ed
After the Harvey Weinstein sexual misconduct allegations surfaced, Bialik wrote a New York Times op-ed in which she described the entertainment industry as one "that profits on the exploitation of women... [and] the objectification of women". With regard to protecting herself from sexual harassment, Bialik wrote that she dressed modestly and did not act flirtatiously with men, adding, "In a perfect world, women should be free to act however they want. But our world isn't perfect. Nothing—absolutely nothing—excuses men for assaulting or abusing women. But we can't be naïve about the culture we live in." Bialik's article drew backlash from critics who said she was insinuating that modesty and a conservative wardrobe can guard one against sexual assault. Patricia Arquette tweeted, "I have to say I was dressed non-provocatively at 12 walking home from school when men masturbated at me. It's not the clothes." In response, Bialik said she regretted that the piece "became what it became" and participated in a Facebook Live event hosted by The New York Times to answer questions about it.
Podcast
In January 2021, Bialik started the podcast Mayim Bialik's Breakdown, which focuses on mental health issues.
Film
Bialik wrote and directed her first film, As They Made Us, about a divorced mom juggling her family's needs and her own quest for love. Dustin Hoffman and Candice Bergen starred as well as Simon Helberg, Bialik's former The Big Bang Theory castmate. The film was expected to premiere in late 2020, but the COVID-19 pandemic delayed filming. Ash Christian was attached to the project, but died in August 2020. Principal photography began in June 2021. The film was released on April 8, 2022.
Personal life
Bialik married Michael Stone on August 31, 2003, in a Victorian-themed ceremony that included traditional Jewish wedding customs. They have two sons together. They announced their divorce in November 2012, and it was finalized six months later.
Bialik returned to television in 2010, as opposed to continuing her scientific career, so she could spend more time with her children.
In a 2012 interview, Bialik called herself an "aspiring Modern Orthodox". During the 2014 Gaza Conflict, she donated money to the Israel Defense Forces for armored vests. She has also appeared in several YouTube cameos as Blossom and Amy Farrah Fowler, asking questions about Jewish beliefs. The videos are produced by Allison Josephs, Bialik's Judaism study partner, whom she met with the help of Partners in Torah.
In 2014, Bialik was awarded an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from Boston University.
Bialik is a vegan and a founding member of the Shamayim V'Aretz Institute, a Jewish organization that advocates the ethical treatment of animals. In 2017, she announced that she and vegan chef Ali Cruddas had opened Bodhi Bowl, a vegan restaurant in Los Angeles. It closed permanently in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
She said on The Late Late Show with James Corden that she identified herself as a feminist.
In a 2009 interview, Bialik said of her family: "We are a non-vaccinating family, but I make no claims about people's individual decisions. We based ours on research and discussions with our pediatrician, and we've been happy with that decision, but obviously there's a lot of controversy about it." In October 2020, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, she said that though she had not received a vaccination in 30 years, she planned to be vaccinated against both the flu and the SARS-CoV-2 virus, and that "[as] of today, my children may not have had every one of the vaccinations that your children have but my children are vaccinated. I repeat, my children are vaccinated."
Filmography
Film
Television
Web
Video games
Written works
Bialik, Mayim (2017) Girling Up: How to be Strong, Smart and Spectacular. Philomel Books. .
Bialik, Mayim (2018) Boying Up: How to be Brave, Bold and Brilliant. Philomel Books. .
Bialik, Mayim (2021) Flash Facts. DC Comics.
Awards and nominations
See also
List of artists and entertainers with advanced degrees
References
Further reading
External links
Grok Nation
Mayim Bialik on kveller
1975 births
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from San Diego
American child actresses
American feminists
American film actresses
American game show hosts
American neuroscientists
American Orthodox Jews
American people of Czech-Jewish descent
American people of Hungarian-Jewish descent
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
American television actresses
American voice actresses
American women neuroscientists
American Zionists
Animal welfare workers
American Ashkenazi Jews
Baalei teshuva
Jeopardy!
Jewish American actresses
Jewish American scientists
Jewish American writers
Jewish neuroscientists
Living people
Modern Orthodox Jews
North Hollywood High School alumni
Orthodox Jewish feminists
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Writers from San Diego
21st-century American Jews
American female YouTubers
Mitar Ašćerić (; born 8 November 1973) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player who is a sporting director for Dunav of the Basketball League of Serbia.
Playing career
Ašćerić retired as a player with Dunav in 2006.
Coaching career
In 2017, Ašćerić was hired as the head coach for Dunav. He previously worked there as an assistant coach. He left head coach stint in September 2021.
Personal life
Ašćerić used to be a member of the Stara Pazova City Assembly.
References
External links
Coach Profile at eurobasket.com
1973 births
Living people
OKK Dunav coaches
OKK Dunav players
Serbian basketball executives and administrators
Serbian men's basketball coaches
Serbian men's basketball players
People from Zemun
Humberto Guerra Allison (born 1940), is a physician and scientist. He graduated from Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia (MD) and Baylor College of Medicine (PhD in Microbiology). With Hugo Lumbreras, he co-founded a Tropical Medicine Institute at Cayetano Heredia University, the Instituto de Medicina Tropical Alexander von Humboldt at Lima, Peru. Guerra later directed the Institute.
Guerra's research focuses on the pathogenesis and immunology of bacterial diseases including brucellosis, leishmania and tuberculosis. He is the head of the Clinical Microbiology Laboratory at the IMT AvH.j
Sources
The Peru Report's Guide to Top People in Peru. Vol 1, p 303, 1992
External links
Link to Pub Med list of publications
Peruvian scientists
Peruvian tropical physicians
1940 births
Living people
Baylor University alumni
Peruvian expatriates in the United States
Saqi Beyg (, also Romanized as Sāqī Beyg; also known as Sāqī Bag and Sāqī Beyk) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 719, in 214 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Leonardo Silva may refer to:
Leonardo Silva (footballer, born 1979), Brazilian football centre-back
Leonardo Silva (footballer, born 1980), Brazilian football striker
Leonardo da Silva (footballer) (born 1987), Brazilian football forward
USS Henry County (IX-34), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for Henry County, which exists in Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Ohio, Tennessee, and Virginia.
Her keel was laid down by the American Ship Building Company, in Cleveland, Ohio.
She was transferred to the Navy on 24 May 1930 so the Navy could loan her to the State of California to serve as a training vessel for the newly formed California Nautical School (later California Maritime Academy). She was commissioned at Portsmouth, Virginia, on 27 May 1930 with Commander Benjamin Vaughan McCandlish in command.
Henry County sailed for the West Coast on 12 July, transiting the Panama Canal on 23 July and arriving in San Diego, California, via Corinto, Nicaragua, on 13 August. She decommissioned at Mare Island, California, on 22 August 1930 and was loaned to the State of California that same day. She was renamed California State on 23 January 1931. California State was stricken from the Navy List on 11 April 1940, and the transfer to the Maritime Commission was completed on 30 June 1940.
California State was renamed Golden State in 1941 under a Maritime Commission policy, which renamed the training ships to their states' nicknames. She was returned to the reserve fleet on 13 August 1946, and her successor, T/S Golden Bear was commissioned on 7 September 1946. The ex-Golden State was sold to John E. Tsavaris and operated under a U.S. flag as Isle of Patmos starting in November 1947. She was renamed to Santa Rosa and sailed under a Brazilian flag until she was scrapped in August 1962.
References
External links
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Henry County, Alabama
Henry County, Georgia
Henry County, Illinois
Henry County, Indiana
Henry County, Iowa
Henry County, Kentucky
Henry County, Ohio
Henry County, Tennessee
Henry County, Virginia
Ships built in Cleveland
1930 ships
Emel Başdoğan (born 26 March 1960) is a Turkish celebrity chef, author of cooking and baking books, and media personality known for her television shows and publications. She was a judge on the television programme Ver Fırına, the Turkish version of the Great British Bake Off for 170 episodes.
Early life
Emel Başdoğan was born in Istanbul, Turkey. She graduated from Deutsche Schule Istanbul and continued her further education in biology and sociology at Bosphorus University, Istanbul and Nanterre University in Paris, As well as philosophy and cinema at the University of Vienna. For the last twenty years she has been the host and the editor of various TV shows focused on cooking, baking and weight control which are broadcast at major TV channels of Turkey.
Career
She has been the host and editor of a variety of TV shows focused on cooking, caking, and weight loss, which have been broadcast in Turkey.
In 1994, Emel Başdoğan became the gastronomic editor for the first cooking program in Turkey “A La Luna”. In 1995, she published and co-owned the first cooking magazine of Turkey, in cooperation with Gruner Jahr/Prizma Press of Germany.
Again in 1995 she published a baking encyclopedia, viz. “Proser Akademi” in cooperation with Teubner Publication House, which aimed at training bakers.
In 1997, she attended the Culinary Institute of America, and became one of the first eight certificated food stylists in the world.
She founded "Foodie by Emel Başdoğan" in 1997, the boutique bakery of which she is the chef and the owner. “Foodie by E.B. “ introduced Turkey the concept of special occasion cakes besides tea-time treats with non-industrial ingredients. The differentiation point of "Foodie by Emel Başdoğan" is less sugar, no artificial additives. In 1998, she founded Başdoğan Publications, which specializes in gastronomic books.
In cooperation with companies like Marsa, Suchard, Kraft, Unilever, Tefal and Anadolu Holding, she has written eight cook books. In 2005, she wrote the first special occasion cakes book in Turkey, published by one of the oldest and prestigious publication houses of the country, İnkılâp Publishing House.
In 2011 she worked with GlaxoSmithKline, in efforts to raise awareness about weight management.
TV Shows
1997-2000- she produced the gastronomic content, and presented the daily show about nutrition and lifestyle "Sen Herseyi Düşünürsün" in collaboration with Tefal.
2000-2001- she produced the gastronomic content and presented the daily show about nutrition and lifestyle "Yoksa Siz Hala?" in collaboration with Marsa. The main focus of the show was weight control.
2010- she designed the content and presented the daily cooking and baking show "Emel Başdoğan ile Tam Tadında".
2014-2015- she was the judge of the Great British Bake Off/Turkey for the first 170 episodes.
Controlling weight while eating healthy and tasty have been the main themes of her TV shows, focusing on topics such as family life, parenting, partnership and relations at the same time.
Books
A La Luna Yemekler 1 (November 1995)
A La Luna Yemekler 2 (September 1996)
Sen Her Şeyi Düşünürsün 1 (March 1998)
Yudum'la Hafifleyen Yemekler (August 1998)
Sen Her Şeyi Düşünürsün 2 (August 1998)
Birali Yemekler (1998 )
Sen Her Şeyi Düşünürsün 3 (May 1999)
Sen Her Şeyi Düşünürsün 4 (August 2000)
Foodie Emel Başdoğan'la Pasta Yapımı (2005)
Hayat Zayıflarken de Güzel (2018)
References
Turkish chefs
1960 births
Living people
Deutsche Schule Istanbul alumni
Culinary Institute of America alumni
Multi-pointer X (MPX) is a part of X input extension and previously a modification to the existing X.Org implementation of the X Window System. MPX provides multiple independent pointers at the windowing system level. These pointers are all connected to one computer. Unlike many other multi-pointer applications and toolkits, MPX allows many existing X11 applications to run unmodified, whilst still providing additional input features. For instance, multiple users can simultaneously operate different applications at the same time. Some applications do not work as expected due to limitations in the toolkits they use . The limitations are caused by the assumption that only one pointer exists.
Window manager
Combined with the proof of concept window manager MPWM, MPX provides extended features such as simultaneous movement or resizing of application windows, per pointer annotation over top of an application and restricted input support (floor control). Applications that are aware of the extra pointers are also able to make use of them, such as two handed drawing.
History
MPX was created by Peter Hutterer in 2005–2008, as part of his PhD in the Wearable Computer Lab under the supervision of Prof. Bruce H. Thomas at the University of South Australia.
MPX was merged into the current development version of X.Org on 26 May 2008.
Xinput2 (XI2), which is the second official stable API release of the X input extension, contains MPX and was merged into the current development version of X.Org on 3 June 2009, and released as part of the XServer 1.7 on 2 October 2009.
See also
DiamondTouch
Multi-touch
Multiseat
References
Hutterer P. and Thomas B. H., "Groupware Support in the Windowing System" In 8th Australasian User Interface Conference (AUIC2007), Ballarat, Vic, Australia, 30 Jan – 2 Feb 2007. W. Piekarski and B. Plimmer, Eds.
External links
X Input Extension version 2.0
MPX Blog
MPX Old Blog
Wearable Computer Lab Home Page
MPX Tutorial
MPX on YouTube
MPX multi-touch support (YouTube)
"Redefining input in X", an LCA2008 talk on MPX
Source of the proof-of-concept Multi-Pointer Window Manager
Xinput-UI, GUI tool written in Python
X servers
X Window extensions
Multi-touch
The International Order of Characters (IOC) is an organization dedicated to improving the fields of Aviation and Aerospace. The IOC also provides financial assistance to persons and organizations in fields related to Aviation and other technology industries.
History
In the South Pacific theater, in the early days of World War II, a United States Army Air Forces flight surgeon, Captain James E. Crane, organized a group of American and Allied pilots under his care into a fraternal order that came to be called the International Order of Characters. At their induction into the order, each member received a private nickname known only to the other members. The private nicknames soon became public call-signs for the aviators as they recovered and returned to the war. By 1943, the IOC had grown to nearly one thousand members, but activity in the order stopped when Crane was reassigned to the United States.
In the early 1950s, Dr. Crane, then a flight examiner for the Federal Aviation Administration, reactivated the IOC at the urging of former members. The reborn IOC became an education foundation that provided scholarships and grants to children of deceased or disabled pilots as well as to former members of the armed forces who studied for a degree in aviation-related fields of research.
Publications
The order publishes the IOC Memorial Log commemorating those friends, family, or IOC members that have died. The Memorial Log is presented at every meeting of the IOC.
Conferences
The IOC typically hosts two meeting a year—an aviation symposium in the spring and a meeting in the fall. These events have been held at locations throughout the world.
Awards
During its annual meetings, the IOC recognizes aviation personalities and aviation achievement with the following trophies. The IOC trophies are awarded on the basis of achievement in aviation, aerospace and associated fields of activity. Recipients are not required to be IOC members.
Aero Space Trophy Award
Recipients of the IOC Aero Space Trophy Award include:
1964—Joseph Walker
1965—James McDivitt
1966—Robert Rushworth
1967—William "Pete" Knight
1969—Igor Sikorsky
1970—Jerauld Gentry
1971—John Stack
1972—Walter Schirra, Jr.
1973—William P. Lear
1981—Paul Tibbets
1982—Jack Hall
1983—Bob Stephens
1984—Neil Anderson
1991—Kenneth L. Tallman
1995—Barry Goldwater
1996—Charles H. Kaman
1997—Jeffery L. Ethell
Character of the Year Award
Recipients of the IOC Character of the Year Award include:
1962—Roscoe Turner
1963—Barry Goldwater
1964—Adm. Daniel F. Smith
1965—Maj. Gen. C.L. Mullins
1966—V. Adm. C.E. Rosendahl
1967—James E. Crane
1969—Herman Salmon
1970—R. Adm. George Dufek
1971—Takofumi Hishikari
1972—Sergei Sikorsky
1973—John M. Conroy
1974—Joseph U. Greely
1975—Joseph Higgins
1976—Clifford Henderson
1977—Jack Garfield
1979—John Boren
1980—Douglas Moody
1982—Vincent O'Toole
1983—Henry J. Esposito
1985—John E. Bach
1986—Bruce Tingle
1987—J. Sheldon Lewis
1988—Fred E. Muhl
1989—Richard G. Paul
1990—Max Feibelman
1992—Adriane Gladstone
1993—Jerome P. Ashfield
1995—Armand S. Toron
2000—Alton G. Hudson
2002—Donald J. Rauch
Pilot of the Year Award
Recipients of the IOC Pilot of the Year Award include:
1954—Col. Leon W. Gray
1955—Capt. Cassmier S. Szmagaj
1956—Capt. Edward W. Kinsley
1957—Capt. Ned Avary
1958—Capt. Page Smith
1959—Capt. S.G. Wood
1960—Capt. Charles Tennsted
1961—General Adolf Galland
1961—Robert Stanford Tuck
1962—Scott Crossfield
1963—Herbet O. Fisher
1964—Capt. Marius Lodeesen
1965—Gen James Steinoff
1966—Brig. Gen. Robin Olds
1967—Col. Joseph Cotton
1969—A.W. "Tony" LeVier
1970—Col. Francis Gabreski
1971—Prince Bernard
1972—Reitsch-Flagkapitan Hanna Reitsch
1973—Col. Joseph Kittinger
1974—Adm. F.H. Michaelis
1975—H.T. "Dick" Merrill
1976—Arthur Godfrey
1977—Capt. Charles Mathews
1978—Capt. Kimball Scribner
1979—Capt. Roy Simpkins
1980—David E. Coffman
1981—Capt. Joseph Grant
1982—Mrs. Siggy Silkorsky
1983—Bob Hoover
1984—Jack Doswell
1985—Con Rodewald
1986—Capt. John Testrake
1987—Jeana Yeager and Dick Rutan
1988—H. Clay Lacy
1989—Michael Graham
1990—Maj. Gen. Leigh Wade
1991—George Haddaway
1992—Albert Bayer
1993—Ann Lindbergh
1994—Capt. Eric Brown
1997—Rudy Opitz
1998—J. Stephen Fossett
1999—Col. Eugene P. Deatrick
2000—Johnson M. Taylor
2001—Raymond L. Hunicke
Scholarship fund
The IOC Scholarship Fund provides educational assistance to the descendants of pilots and to those pursuing careers in aviation or related industries. The IOC also provides funding to organizations that issue individual scholarships to deserving candidates in fields related to aviation and other technology industries.
Notable members
The following is an incomplete list of notable individuals who are or were members of the IOC. If available, the individual's IOC nickname is also shown.
Douglas Bader
Charles Bassett, Boom Boom
Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld, HRH The Lion
Eric Brown, Winkle
Scott Crossfield, Rocket
Bill Dana, Jose
Eugene P. Deatrick, Bismark
Jimmy Doolittle
George J. Dufek, Penguin
Louis Ferdinand, Prince of Prussia
Steve Fossett, Cucumber
Gabby Gabreski, Gabby
Adolf Galland, The Red Knight
Jerauld R. Gentry, Flying Bathtub
Arthur Godfrey, Bunkie
Barry Goldwater, Gold Dust
Richard P. Hallion, Memory Bank
Bob Hoover, Mustang
Dietrich Hrabak
Charles H. Kaman, Pres. Kaman Aircraft
Joseph Kittinger, The Jump
William J. Knight, Lickety Split
Clay Lacy, Racey
Bill Lear, King Lear
Tony LeVier, Lightning
James McDivitt, Gemini Cricket
Dick Merrill, Old Ping Pong Balls
Robin Olds, Phantom
Günther Rall
Hanna Reitsch, Supersonic Sue
Robert Rushworth, North Star
Burt Rutan
Herman Salmon, Fish
Walter Schirra, Jr., Sky Ray
Robert Lee Scott, Jr., Shoe Clerk
Igor Sikorsky, Winged S
Johannes Steinhoff
Robert L. Stephens, The Silver Fox II
Kenneth L. Tallman, Iron Wind
Paul Tibbets, Big Bang
Robert Stanford Tuck, Spitfire
Roscoe Turner, The Roar
Joseph Walker, Mach 7
References
External links
IOC Homepage
https://web.archive.org/web/20120227142101/http://www.iocaviation.org/History_2.html
Aviation organizations
Fraternal orders
The Human Resources University (commonly referred to as HR University or HRU) was part of the United States Office of Personnel Management which serves as the national focal point for the development and delivery of human resources training to enhance the capabilities of the Federal workforce. HRU provided services to Federal human resources contractor personnel as well. Since inception HRU had more than 50,000 registered students from across the Federal government. In April 2014 HRU received some publicity for saving the Federal government over $100 million in cost savings in training costs.
HRU's mission was to offer a learning environment to develop qualified human resources professionals across the United States Federal Government. HRU was the primary training organization for the Federal Human Resources Workforce, and provided formal and informal training for students both in the classroom and on the job. HRU provided formal classroom and online training and had a virtually continuous presence with the workforce through online continuous learning and knowledge sharing on HRU's Web site. HRU's training opportunities worked to enhance workplace performance and promote mission effectiveness in order to provide a foundation for the future of the Federal Human Resources workforce.
HRU provided the following services:
Leadership training
Online knowledge-sharing resources
Continuous learning training
Strategic partnerships with universities
History
HRU was created as a result of critical necessity, identified in high-level studies by the Chief Human Capital Officers (CHCO) Council in 2009. This governance organization wanted to provide a professional career path and consistency of training content and opportunities for the Federal Human Resources Workforce. In 2011 HRU was founded by the CHCO Council, OPM, and with the assistance of the Executive Human Resources Community Leadership across the Federal Government. HRU was managed by a Provost who reports to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. The founding Provost was Kathryn Medina and she served in this capacity from 2011 to 2012. The last provost was Dr. Sydney Smith-Heimbrock.
Present day
As of Friday, September 14, 2018, HR University (HRU.gov) is no longer an active website. Users will still be able to access available resources via OPM.gov and Telework.gov.
Leadership
HRU has had two provosts lead it throughout HRU's history:
Kathryn Medina (2011–2012)
Dr. Sydney Smith-Heimbrock (2012–Present)
Background information
HRU is located at the United States Office of Personnel Management headquarters in Washington, DC. HRU serves members of the Federal Human Resources Workforce who are located around the country and world. HRU is responsible for the training and career development of the more than 50,000 registered students, and has an extensive virtual presence online.
Resources
Eligibility
The applicant must have an affiliation with the United States Federal government in order to qualify to participate in training courses offered by HRU. Federal employees and contractor personnel supporting the government with Human Resource requirements are eligible to enroll and take courses.
Transcripts
HRU also provides transcripts at no cost to the student.
HRU Resource Center
Enrolled HRU students are granted access to the HRU Resource Center. The HRU Resource Center is the primary repository and distribution system of media on-demand productions presented by Federal Human Resources leaders, model practitioners, and HRU staff and faculty in multiple formats, designed to provide Federal Human Resource members with valuable training resources.
Course Catalog
The HRU Interactive Course Catalog provides up-to-date information regarding the university's classroom and online learning assets, various developmental guides, and alternate means to meet training requirements through various programs or partnerships.
Individual Development Plan
The Individual development plan assists the student with helping them to map their career development in a strategic fashion. HRU will provide a customizable template that the student can then use to build upon their technical proficiencies.
Resources for Managers
HRU offers courses, training videos, tools, templates and other resources to assist managers, directors, supervisors, and executives.
Strategic Partnerships
HRU has established strategic partnerships with American University, George Mason University, University of Maryland University College, and The Catholic University of America.
See also
United States Federal Government
Office of Personnel Management
List of colleges and universities in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
HRU official website
OPM official website
HRU on Facebook
Educational institutions established in 2011
Executive branch of the government of the United States
United States Office of Personnel Management
Universities and colleges in Washington, D.C.
2011 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Martin Heinze (born 28 February 1983) is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently plays for Deportivo Montecristo.
References
External links
National team profile
Career statistics at Danmarks Radio
1983 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Esbjerg fB players
AC Horsens players
Akademisk Boldklub players
KFUM Roskilde players
Association football midfielders
FA 2000 players
Denmark youth international footballers
BK Skjold players
Formula
The 1969-70 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 64 teams divided in 8 pools..The first four of each pool, were qualified for the "last 32".
The club of La Voulte Sportif (now merged into ROC La Voulte-Valence) won the competition beating Montferrand (now known as ASM Clermont Auvergne) in the final. La Voulte won le Bouclier de Brennus at his first final, while 'Montferrand lost their fourth final of four.
Qualification round
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. The teams are listed according to the final ranking
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1970 lnr.fr
Finale 1970 finalesrugby.com
1970
France
Championship
Yagutil Israelovich Mishiev ( ; born March 29, 1927 in Gyrmyzy Gasaba, Azerbaijan SSR) — writer, author of books about the history of Derbent, Dagestan, Russia.
Biography
Yagutil Mishiev was born in Qırmızı Qəsəbə (English: Red Town, also known as Krasnaya Sloboda - a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan, USSR). In 1943 he was sent to complete teachers courses and started teaching at the age of 16. In 1944, he completed a diploma program using distance learning with a degree from The Kuban Pedagogical College, Kuba, Azerbaijan. In 1945, while working at a school, he started a math degree at the Kuban Pedagogical Institute. In 1947, he attained a diploma of a teacher of physics and mathematics.
From 1943 to 1951, he helped the board of the municipality of Kuba, Azerbaijan to prepare documents to award a medal to those who worked on the labor front of World War II. The medal is called Doblisneye Trud, valiant work during World War II from 1941–1945.
In 1946, he was asked by the head of the Kuba military enlistment office to complete a census of veterans in order to be able to award them the medal entitled For the Victory Over Germany in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945. In 1951, the Mishiev family moved to Derbent, a city in the Dagestan Republic of Russia.
In 1997, Mishiev immigrated to Israel and settled in Rishon LeZion.
Pedagogic and literary career
From 1954, Yagutil Mishiev worked as a teacher of mathematics in The School for Working Youth, also titled School №1. In 1963, he got a master's degree of a math teacher from Dagestan State University. For many years, Mishiev worked as the director of the Museum of Regional Studies. Mishiev also collected unique materials of the history of the city. From 1976 to 1991, Mishiev worked as the principal of School №11 in Derbent. From 1991 to 1997, Yagutil Israelovich Mishiev worked as a chief specialist in the City Department of Education.
In Israel, Mishiev has written several books about the history and the historical architectural monuments of the city of Derbent. His titles include A Long Road of 5000 Years and Derbent and World Civilization. Also, he wrote a Russian-English Dictionary of Mathematical Terms. That work was written for pupils, students, teachers and parents. A book Our Roots, Mishiev wrote a record of his family and their doings. His latest book, Only memory does not get old was devoted to the history of Jewish civilization.
Museum of Regional Studies
In 1952, the Commission of the Ministry of Culture of Russia ordered the closure of the museum of regional studies because the exhibits did not meet the minimum requirements for a particular historical period as laid out by the Ministry for a museum. Recommendations were made for certain changes, after which the museum could reopen. It was necessary for new leadership of the museum. The Department of Culture of the city of Derbent sent Mishiev to work on the museum. Mishiev started to create a new exhibition. In 1953, the museum was able to re-open. Working for years in the museum, Mishiev travelled around the Derbent District to collect unique materials and information about the history of the city. He studied the archives of the city of Derbent, of the Azerbaijan State Museum of History in Baku, and of the Regional Museum of Dagestan in Makhachkala. Soon, scholars of Dagestan, the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences started to inquire on various issues related to the museum. In the second half the 50s, the museum started to promote the history of the historic city of Derbent and educate people about it. Mishiev conducted lectures and regularly appeared in the pages of the city's newspaper titled Znamya Kommunizma (lit. 'The Banner of Communism'), as well as in the regional newspaper titled Leninchi, written in the Azerbaijani language. The museum work that started in 1952 became a part of his life.
Published works
Books
Dictionary
Russian-English Dictionary of Mathematical Terms. Written in 1999.
History of Derbent
A Long Road of 5000 Years (2002) , ,
Derbent and World Civilization (2005) ,
Family history
Our Roots (2008)
History of Jewish civilization
Only memory does not get old (2014) ,
Articles
The Soviet Historical Encyclopedia – Derbent
Novei Rubej (New Frontier Magazine) - Memories of the past, about the life of their ancestors - it is our duty!
In the 60s and 70s he wrote articles for the newspaper Znamya Kommunizma (The Banner of Communism), currently called Derbentskiye Novestye (The News of Derbent) about the stories behind the monuments of Derbent.
Books exhibition
Awards and recognition
1967: Highest Level Award of Recognition from the Ministry of Culture of the RSFSR
1994: Distinguished Teacher of the Republic of Dagestan
References
1927 births
Living people
Mountain Jews
Azerbaijani Jews
Russian Jews
Rishon LeZion
People from Rishon LeZion
20th-century Azerbaijani historians
Russian medievalists
Russian emigrants to Israel
Shoot Twice (, ) is a 1969 Italian Western film directed by Nando Cicero and starring Klaus Kinski and Antonio Sabàto.
Cast
Klaus Kinski - Dingus / aka Victor Barrett
Antonio Sabàto - Luke Barrett
Cristina Galbó - Luke's wife
José Calvo - Russel (as Pepe Calvo)
Emma Baron - Luke's Mother
Milo Quesada
Franco Leo
Linda Sini
Narciso Ibáñez Menta
Franco Beltramme
Damián Rabal
Maite Matalonga
Claudia Rivelli
Carlos Ronda
Gastone Pescucci
Gianni Pulone (as Giancarlo Pulone)
Gaetano Scala
José Palomo
Ettore Bruson
Nino Nini
Antonietta Fiorito
Pino Sciacqua (as Giuseppe Sciacqua)
Sergio De Vecchi
Ettore Broschi
Releases
Wild East released this alongside And God Said to Cain in a limited edition R0 NTSC DVD in 2013.
References
External links
1969 films
1969 Western (genre) films
Spanish films
1960s Italian-language films
Spaghetti Western films
Films directed by Nando Cicero
Films shot in Almería
1960s Italian films
McMansion Hell is a blog that humorously critiques McMansions, large suburban homes typically built from the 1980s to 2008 and known for their stylistic attempt to create the appearance of affluence using mass-produced architecture. The website is run by Kate Wagner, an architectural writer. The blog is hosted by Tumblr, with 65,000 followers in July 2018. It was created in July 2016.
Attributes
The blog uses Wagner's commentary atop images of the interiors and exteriors of McMansions, using arrows to point to offensive features. Besides critiquing the homes themselves, the website also criticizes the material culture of wastefulness McMansions can represent, gives anecdotes of situations when McMansions have been a poor financial investment, and provides other essays on urban planning and architectural history. The blog offers subscriptions with bonus content, generating sufficient funding for Wagner to work on the blog full-time.
Kate Wagner holds a master's degree in audio science with a specialty in architectural acoustics from Johns Hopkins University's Peabody Conservatory.
Reception
The blog has acquired many fans, with 65,000 followers in July 2018. Wagner has been interviewed for Paper, The Washington Post, Slate, Business Insider, The Hairpin, and Der Spiegel in Germany, and has appeared on the 99% Invisible podcast. She has gained wide name recognition in architectural circles and has published in the Architectural Digest, The Atlantic, and Jacobin.
In June 2017, Zillow sent Wagner a letter claiming that McMansion Hell violated Zillow's Terms of Service by "reproducing, modifying, and publicly displaying" content from Zillow listings. The letter also suggested that McMansion Hell was in violation of copyright law, was unprotected by fair use, and by interfering with Zillow's business interests may have been violating the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. After Wagner obtained legal representation from the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Zillow declined to pursue legal action against McMansion Hell.
References
External links
Video of TEDx presentation by Wagner about McMansions
American blogs
Photoblogs
Architecture critics
American photography websites
Works about suburbs
Smith Red Valencia is a pigmented bud sport of a conventional Valencia orange tree.
An initial scientific report stated:
Although red inside, the Smith Red is a Valencia and not a blood orange. Researchers were made aware of it in 1988 when a woman named Merleen Smith in Ventura County, California contacted a local farm advisor on the suspicion that her neighbor was poisoning her tree; the cultivar now bears her name.
References
Orange cultivars
Kaliningrad Central Park () is a park in Kaliningrad, Russia. It was known as Luisenwahl while part of Königsberg, Germany, until 1945.
History
Luisenwahl was located in the Mittelhufen and Amalienau quarters of northwestern Königsberg. The estate Pojenter was located north of the Alter Pillauer Landstraße at the end of the 18th century. Aside from the manor house and an avenue of linden trees, the estate also contained forges and homes for day laborers. Schmand and Berliner Weisse were produced at the Milchhäuschen building, which was dismantled in 1914.
In 1786 Theodor Gottlieb von Hippel the Elder acquired Pojenter, as well as land extending from the Chausseehaus on the Landstraße to a footpath which later became Hufen-Allee. A decade later the land was purchased by the school official Gotthilf Christoph Wilhelm Busolt, who renamed the park Louisenwahl to honor his wife, Louise (née Gramatzki).
King Frederick William III of Prussia and his wife Louise chose the manor as their summer residence while staying in Königsberg in 1808-09. In 1829 the manor, since renamed the Luisenhaus, was separated from the rest of the park by construction of a road through Hufen to Lawsken.
William I, who had visited the park as a child and again in 1861 during his coronation as King of Prussia, purchased the land in 1872. The Luisendenkmal, a memorial to Queen Louise, was dedicated in 1874 at the highest point of the park; the scenic spot had been favorited by the queen. The Königin-Luise-Gedächtniskirche, now the Kaliningrad Puppet Theatre, was dedicated in the northwestern corner of the park in 1901, the 200th anniversary of the Kingdom of Prussia.
Emperor William II granted the park to the city of Königsberg in 1914. A stele by Walter Rosenberg honoring Franz Schubert was unveiled at a small amphitheatre in the park in 1928. The harsh winter of 1929/30 froze the fruit orchard on the hills of Luisenwahl; children subsequently used it for tobogganing.
The park was transferred from Germany to the Soviet Union following World War II in 1945. The Soviet administration expanded it with land from nearby cemeteries and renamed it after Mikhail Kalinin. Now known as Kaliningrad Central Park, it contains monuments of Baron Munchausen and Vladimir Vysotsky, as well some pre-war German architecture.
The park administration is located in the building of the former Rominten Hunting Lodge, which was moved from the Rominter Heath to the park.
Gallery
Notes
References
Park
Parks in Russia
Tourist attractions in Kaliningrad Oblast
Cultural heritage monuments in Kaliningrad Oblast
Isabella Kate Jobson (1878 - 6 July 1943) was an Australian nurse who served in World War I.
Biography
Jobson was born at Clunes, Victoria in 1878 to Christopher Jobson, a merchant from Northumberland, England, and his second wife Elizabeth Cameron, née McColl, from Scotland. She was educated at South Melbourne College and, in 1893, passed the University of Melbourne's matriculation examinations in algebra, geometry, arithmetic and geography, and gained honours in French. She trained as a nurse at the Alfred Hospital in Melbourne, where she met and became friends with Leah Rosenthal; in late 1910 the two women took over the running of Windarra Private Hospital in Toorak. They left the hospital, and Australia, together in December 1915 and travelled to England to serve in World War I.
In England, they joined Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps (QAIMNS) and in February 1916 they were assigned to Baythorpe Military Hospital in Nottingham. In April of that year they embarked for duty in France. Jobson was assigned to stationary hospitals and casualty clearing stations and served until January 1919, when she resigned her appointment. She returned to Melbourne in May 1919 and she and Rosenthal again bought a private hospital to run together. The hospital had previously been named St Luke's Private Hospital, however Jobson and Rosenthal re-named it Vimy House, perhaps after the site of the Battle of Vimy Ridge, one of the battlegrounds where the pair had nursed in France during the war. Following Rosenthal's death in 1930, Jobson ran the hospital alone.
Jobson was awarded the Royal Red Cross for her service in France. She died at Vimy House in 1943 after a long illness. A private funeral was held and Jobson was buried at Melbourne Cemetery, Carlton.
References
1878 births
1943 deaths
People from Clunes, Victoria
Australian military nurses
Australian women of World War I
Members of the Royal Red Cross
Scrolls of the Megilloth is the second studio album by Australian Christian extreme metal band Mortification. The band's most famous release, this album is full-on death metal, with the thrash metal roots barely showing, and possibly their most extreme album to date. According to AllMusic, the album "garnered the band some attention from the heavy metal underground" and contains "some of the most frightening vocals ever recorded." In 2010, HM Magazine ranked Scrolls of the Megilloth number 17 on the Top 100 Christian Metal Albums of All Time list with Van Pelt stating that "Though the band has been living it down ever since, this album raised the standard of Christian grindcore to almost unattainable levels."
Several reissues of Scrolls of the Megilloth have been released on various record labels. It was bundled with Mortification's 1993 album Post Momentary Affliction on Nuclear Blast and included two live bonus tracks, releasing on 18 November 1996. A bundle that contained Scrolls of the Megilloth and Mortification's self-titled debut studio album was released on KMG Records in 1998 and on Rowe Productions in 2015, with the latter being exclusively on cassette. A reissue was released on Metal Mind Productions in 2008 and included three live bonus tracks. Reissues were released on Soundmass Records in 2005 and 2020, with the former having four demo tracks recorded on 7 December 1991 and the latter having three live tracks recorded in 1992.
Recording
Scrolls of the Megilloth was recorded at Studio RBX, Richmond, Melbourne, and mixed at Toybox Studios, Northcote, Melbourne. The album was produced by Doug Saunders. Mortification's line-up consisted of the bassist-vocalist Steve Rowe, guitarist Michael Carlisle, and drummer Jayson Sherlock. Both Carlisle and Sherlock did some background vocals, and Sherlock played lead guitar on the last song "Ancient Prophecy" because Carlisle was a more experienced rhythm guitarist than lead guitarist, therefore the album does not contain guitar solos.
Music
Scrolls of the Megilloth begins with the intro of the song "Nocturnal", consisting noises of the night from chirring crickets to croaking frogs, creating a dark cult horror movie atmosphere. An ominous drum beat slowly becomes louder, accompanied by a drop D tuned guitar riff, turns into a chaotic speed as the vocals by Steve Rowe growl the words "Nocturnal/Creatures of the night" with the word "Creatures" sung in a frightening shrieking voice reminiscent of that of Glen Benton's on Deicide's earlier work. After this the album continues on the grindcore influenced death metal direction, reminiscent of the British bands Bolt Thrower, Carcass, and Napalm Death. A mostly up-tempo album, the songs "Raise the Chalice" and the epic "Ancient Prophecy" take a more mid-tempo approach. Scrolls of the Megilloth is characterized by Jayson Sherlock's odd and fast blast beat drumming, Michael Carlisle's aggressive but precise rhythm guitar work, Steve Rowe's double layered "grind baritone vocals of extreme reality", and high tuned, apparent, and groovy bass guitar playing. Rowe's vocals get extremely guttural on a verse on the song "Ancient Prophecy" that cites a prophecy of King James Version of Isaiah 53:5. The album's title track, "Scrolls of the Megilloth", which begins with a haunting organ melody before turning into a chaotic tune, is one of the best known songs on the album and was released as a single. "Death Requiem" contains a gloomy speaking voice interpreting a funeral event.
Lyrics and themes
The lyrics on Scrolls of the Megilloth are as extreme as the music, dealing with the common themes of death metal such as death, horror, occultism, and violence from a Christian point of view: "Terminate Damnation" is about spiritual warfare against evil and moral impurity; "Eternal Lamentation" has the ungodly screaming in agony in the fiery pits of hell, and "Necromanicide" warns against communicating with the deceased through spiritism because "only demons answer their call". The title "Scrolls of the Megilloth" is a term in the Old Testament that means The Five Scrolls (Five Megillot): Ruth, Esther, Song of Solomon, Lamentations, and Ecclesiastes. The song deals with the purposes of these books. According to the album liner notes, Steve Rowe studied at a Bible college a year before the album was recorded and he learned that these books were read at feasts and celebrations of significant Jewish dates. Rowe writes: "When we read 2 Timothy 3:16 we realised that all scriptures are there for a purpose and should all be studied to guide us."
Track listing
Song not included on the 2015 cassette reissue.
Credits
Mortification
Steve Rowe - bass guitar, vocals
Michael Carlisle - guitar, backing vocalist
Jayson Sherlock - drums, backing vocalist, lead guitar on "Ancient Prophecy"
Additional musicians
Roger Martinez - backing vocalist
Andrew Tompkins - backing vocalist
Production
Doug Saunders – producer
Mortification – producer
References
Mortification (band) albums
1992 albums
MS Gruziya was a Soviet passenger ship that was sunk by a German air raid in the Black Sea while she was travelling from Novorossiysk to Sevastopol with 4,000 troops and a cargo of ammunition on board.
Construction
Gruziya was constructed in 1928 at the Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft A. G. shipyard in Kiel, Germany. She was completed in 1929. The ship was long, with a beam of and a depth of . The ship was assessed at . She had two diesel engines driving two screw propellers and the engine was rated at 3,000 nhp.
Sinking
On 13 June 1942, Gruziya was travelling from Novorossiysk, Russia to Sevastopol, Ukraine with 4,000 troops and a cargo of ammunition on board when she was spotted by German aircraft. She was sunk by the German air raid after one of the bombs exploded in the cargo room where all the ammunition were stored. The explosion that followed killed around 3,500 men and quickly sank the ship. Only 500 men survived the ordeal and were rescued later.
Wreck
The Soviets tried to salvage Gruziya in 1949, but after the wreck surfaced, the salvors found a large number of unexploded gas shells and bombs in her cargo hold which had not exploded when the ship sank seven years earlier. After deciding it was too dangerous to salvage the wreck, the salvors placed the wreck gently back on the sea floor.
However, the Soviets tried to salvage the wreck again in 1956 or 1960. But when she was being lifted to the surface, the ships weak structure after 14 years of exposure to the elements broke in two and sank to the seabed again. All attempt to salvage the ship and her cargo have been abandoned and her wreck and dangerous cargo still lay on the bottom of the Black Sea.
References
Ships built in Kiel
Ships sunk by German aircraft
World War II passenger ships of the Soviet Union
Maritime incidents in June 1942
World War II shipwrecks in the Black Sea
Henrik Zetterberg (born 1973) is Swedish professor of neurochemistry at the University of Gothenburg where he is the Head of the Department of Neurochemical pathophysiology and diagnostics. He is also the leader of the Fluid biomarkers for neurodegenerative diseases group at University College London. The groups work on developing early tests for dementia.
His research includes development of methods for early diagnostics for frontotemporal dementia through use of biomarkers, In 2020 a team of scientists led by Zetterberg published results regarding a new diagnostic for Alzheimer's disease based on protein concentrations in cerebrospinal fluid, which is a colorless fluid surrounding the brain and spinal cord. The test was reported to have an accuracy of around 90% and could detect the disease about two decades before significant symptoms are present.
Early life and career
Zetterberg was born 1973 and brought up in the Gothenburg archipelago, Sweden. He completed his doctoral thesis in 2003 on the subject of the Epstein–Barr virus. He performed postdoctoral research at Harvard using zebrafish as a model for alzheimer's disease. Zetterberg has worked together with Kaj Blennow, whom he met during his PhD, on many projects including coleading the Clinical Neurochemistry Laboratory together with him.
References
Living people
1973 births
Alzheimer's disease researchers
University of Gothenburg faculty
Physicians from Gothenburg
Swedish neuroscientists
Qasimabad is a neighborhood in the Karachi Central district of Karachi, Pakistan. It was previously a part of Liaquatabad Town, which was disbanded in 2011.
References
External links
Karachi Website.
Local Government Sindh.
Neighbourhoods of Karachi
Liaquatabad Town
Piperonal, also known as heliotropin, is an organic compound which is commonly found in fragrances and flavors. The molecule is structurally related to other aromatic aldehydes such as benzaldehyde and vanillin.
Natural occurrence
Piperonal naturally occurs in various plants. Examples include dill, vanilla, violet flowers, and black pepper.
Preparation
Piperonal can be prepared by the oxidative cleavage of isosafrole or by using a multistep sequence from catechol or 1,2-methylenedioxybenzene. Synthesis from the latter chemical is accomplished through a condensation reaction with glyoxylic acid followed by cleaving the resulting α-hydroxy acid with an oxidizing agent. Synthesis from catechol requires an additional step, Williamson ether synthesis using dichloromethane.
Reactions
Piperonal, like all aldehydes, can be reduced to its alcohol (piperonyl alcohol) or oxidized to give its acid (piperonylic acid).
Piperonal can be used in the synthesis of some pharmaceutical drugs including tadalafil, L-DOPA, and atrasentan.
Fragrance
Piperonal has a floral odor which is commonly described as being similar to that of vanillin or cherry. For this reason it is commonly used in fragrances and artificial flavors. The compound was named Heliotropin after the 'cherry pie' notes found in the heliotrope flower's fragrance (even though the chemical is not present in the flower's true aroma). Perfumers began to use the fragrance for the first time by the early 1880s. It is commonly used to add vanilla or almond nuances, generally imparting balsamic, powdery, and floral aspects to a scent's character.
Piperonyl acetate is a synthetic cherry flavoring.
Use in MDMA Manufacture
Due to their role in the manufacture of MDMA, safrole, isosafrole, and piperonal are Category I precursors under regulation no. 273/2004 of the European Community.
References
External links
Benzaldehydes
Benzodioxoles
Reginald James Albert Askew (16 May 1928 – 9 April 2012) was a British Anglican priest and academic. He was Principal of Salisbury and Wells Theological College from 1973 to 1987, and Dean of King's College London from 1988 to 1993.
References
1928 births
2012 deaths
20th-century English Anglican priests
21st-century English Anglican priests
British chaplains
Deans of King's College London
Although Puerto Rico does not participate in U.S. presidential general elections because it is an unincorporated territory and not a state, and therefore cannot send members to the U.S. Electoral College, Puerto Ricans are citizens of the United States and do participate in the U.S. presidential primaries.
Democratic primary
Puerto Rico's Democratic primary was originally scheduled to take place on Sunday, March 29, 2020, but the Legislative Assembly and Governor Wanda Vázquez signed legislation on March 21 for it to be postponed to April 26, amid concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic in Puerto Rico. On April 2, it was then postponed again with a new date to be determined later. By May, it was re-scheduled for July 12.
The Puerto Rico primary is an open primary, with the territory awarding 59 delegates, of which 51 are pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the primary.
Republican primary
The Republican Party of Puerto Rico held an online poll of party leaders on June 5, 2020, in lieu of an actual primary, awarding all 23 of its pledged delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention to Incumbent President Donald Trump.
References
Notes
External links
The Green Papers Democratic Party delegate allocation summary
The Green Papers Republican Party delegate allocation summary
Puerto Rico Democratic Party delegate selection plan
Puerto Rico
United States presidential elections in Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Presidential primaries
Puerto Rico Republican primaries
Aditya Mishra (born 11 June 1981 in New Delhi, India) is an American cricketer of Indian origin who represents and played for the United States national cricket team. He was named vice-captain of 2012 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier. He retired at age of 31 with five List A and 8 Twenty20 to his name.
References
1981 births
Living people
American cricketers
American cricket captains
Karnataka cricketers
People from New Delhi
American sportspeople of Indian descent
Owen County is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Owenton. The county is named for Colonel Abraham Owen. It is a prohibition or dry county, with the exception of a winery that is authorized to sell its product to the public, and limited sales within the incorporated city limits of Owenton.
History
Numerous Native American burial mounds were located in Owen County. Many pioneers made their homes on land grants along the many streams which flow through the county.
Owen County was formed as the 63rd county by the Commonwealth of Kentucky and approved February 6, 1819. It was formed from the counties of Franklin, Scott, Gallatin, and Pendleton. Hesler (Heslerville) was the first county seat. Owen County was named after Abraham Owen, an Indian fighter and Kentucky legislator, who was killed at the Battle of Tippecanoe. Colonel Owen also surveyed and mapped the region that became Owen County. On November 16, 1820, the legislature passed another act which restored to Franklin County part or all of what was taken from it under the 1819 act. To compensate for this, the legislature took some more land from Gallatin County and gave it to Owen by act dated December 26, 1820. Therefore, Hesler was no longer in the center of the county. Accordingly, on January 15, 1822, the county court ordered that the seat of justice be removed to land owned by Andrew Parker, James Hess, and William H. Forsee. The town Owenton was developed. Court was held at the new county seat on February 11, 1822.
In 1844, after Kentucky began to construct locks and dams on the Kentucky River, packet boats on regular trips between Frankfort and Louisville made stops in Owen County at Monterey, Moxley, Gratz, and other towns. New Liberty was founded before 1800 and was the site of one of the first churches.
In the 1870s, Owen County saw Deputy U.S. Marshall Willis Russell struggle to suppress the local Ku Klux Klan chapter, which was committing violence against former slaves in the years during Reconstruction. Russell was murdered by an unknown assassin in 1875.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Carroll County (northwest)
Gallatin County (northeast)
Grant County (east)
Scott County (southeast)
Franklin County (southwest)
Henry County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 10,841 people, 4,296 households, and 3,023 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,634 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.6% White, 0.8% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 1.2% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. 2.5% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,296 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.00.
The age distribution was 21.9% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 20 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.1 years. The population distribution for males was 49.7% and for females was 50.3%.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,719 and the median income for a family was $59,242. Males had a median income of $41,563 versus $31,016 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,633. About 12.8% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.4% of those under age 18 and 13.90% of those age 65 or over.
Libraries
Located in downtown Owenton, the Owen County Public Library was established in 1946 by the Owen County Woman's Club. It was housed in the front parlor of Elizabeth Holbrook Thomas's home on the same corner where the present library, built in 1973, now stands.
The library's collection comprises more than 25,000 items, including a genealogy collection. Among the services it provides are printing, fax sending, notaries, and access to a public meeting room.
Communities
Cities
Glencoe
Gratz
Monterey
Owenton (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Hesler
Long Ridge
Lusby's Mill
New Columbus
New Liberty
Perry Park
Pleasant Home
Squiresville
Wheatley
In popular culture
Owen County serves as the opening setting in the 1992 Paul Russell novel Boys of Life where it is referred to simply as Owen. Though majority of the novel is set in early 1980s New York City, various points of interest within Owen and nearby areas such as Christian County are mentioned and referenced throughout the story.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Owen County, Kentucky
References
External links
Northern Kentucky Views - Owen County Historical Images and Documents
Kentucky counties
1819 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1819
Walking Through History is a British television documentary history programme that ran for four series on Channel 4 and was presented by actor Tony Robinson. It first aired in March 2013.
History
Channel 4 commissioned the series Walking Through History as a new vehicle for actor and comedian Tony Robinson after the cancellation of Time Team.
The programme was devised as a 60-mile walk, with each series aiming to be made up of four parts, with each walk highlighting history from different eras along the path taken.
Episode List
Series 1
^Not available as not in the Top 30 programs on Channel 4 that week.
Series 2
^Not available as not in the Top 30 programs on Channel 4 that week.
Series 3
Series 4
^Not available as not in the Top 30 programs on Channel 4 that week.
References
2013 British television series debuts
2014 British television series endings
2010s British documentary television series
Channel 4 original programming
English-language television shows
The Invasion of Hanover took place in 1757 during the Seven Years' War when a French army under Louis Charles César Le Tellier, duc d'Estrées advanced into the Electorate of Hanover and neighbouring German states following the Battle of Hastenbeck. French forces overran most of Hanover forcing the Hanoverian Army of Observation, intended to defend the Electorate, to Stade on the North Sea coast. At the Convention of Klosterzeven the Duke of Cumberland agreed to disband his army and acknowledge the French occupation of the Electorate.
Following pressure by his British ministers, George II of Great Britain, Elector of Hanover, renounced the Convention and the German troops returned to active operations. By spring 1758, under a new commander, the Allied forces had driven the French out of Hanover and pushed them back across the River Rhine.
Background
Following the outbreak of the first fighting between Britain and France in North America in 1754, the French leadership saw that the limited population, troops and resources available in French Canada meant it would ultimately fall to the British if the war was prolonged, and decided to try to gain an equivalent in Europe to exchange for Canada at the negotiating table.
Since 1714 Britain and the Electorate of Hanover had shared a single monarch. George II was ruler of both states – and the French believed they could exert pressure on him as King of Great Britain by occupying Hanover. In response Britain initially planned to hire 50,000 Russian troops to defend Hanover but later altered the plan by making an alliance with Prussia and forming an Army of Observation composed of Hanoverian, Brunswick and Hessian troops mostly paid for by the British government. A number of British officers, such as Jeffrey Amherst and Guy Carleton, were given commands in the force. It was placed under the command of the Duke of Cumberland, second son of George II. The name Army of Observation expressed a hope that the army would serve as a deterrent and their role would merely be to observe. In early 1756, when a French invasion of the British Isles seemed imminent, many of the Hanoverian and Hessian troops were shipped to southern England to boost its defences. As the threat of invasion subsided, the troops were then shipped back to Germany again.
The prospect of fighting in Western Germany coincided with a dispute between Austria and Prussia, who went to war in 1756. Following the First Treaty of Versailles, Austria and France formed the Franco-Austrian Alliance and sought to defeat the German allies in turn in 1757. First a major French force would sweep through Western Germany defeating and occupying Hanover, and the French would swing to attack Prussia from the west while Austria came from the south. France began building up a large force known as the Army of Westphalia under the Duc d'Estrées.
Invasion
In early June 1757, the French army began to advance towards Hanover once it became clear that there was to be no negotiated agreement. The first skirmish between the two forces had taken place on 3 May. Part of the French army was delayed by the Siege of Geldern which took three months to capture from its Prussian garrison of 800. The bulk of the French army advanced across the Rhine, advancing slowly because of the difficulties of logistics for moving an army estimated at around 100,000.
In the face of this advance, the smaller German Army of Observation retreated back across the River Weser into the territory of the Electorate of Hanover itself, while Cumberland tried to ready his troops. On July 2,the Prussian port of Emden fell to the French before a Royal Navy squadron sent to relieve it could reach there. This cut Hanover off from the Dutch Republic meaning that supplies from Britain could now only be shipped direct by sea. The French followed this up by seizing Cassel, securing their right flank.
Battle of Hastenbeck
By late July, Cumberland believed his army was ready for battle and adopted a defensive position around the village of Hastenbeck. The French won a narrow victory over him there, but as Cumberland retreated his force began to disintegrate as morale collapsed. Despite his victory, d'Estrées was shortly afterwards replaced as commander of the French army by the Duc de Richelieu, who had recently distinguished himself leading the French forces that had captured Minorca. Richelieu's orders followed the original strategy of taking total control of Hanover, and then turning west to offer assistance to the Austrians attacking Prussia.
Occupation of Hanover
Cumberland's forces continued to withdraw northwards. The French pursuit was slowed by further problems with supplies, but they continued to steadily pursue the retreating Army of Observation. In an effort to cause a diversion and provide some relief to Cumberland, the British planned an expedition to raid the French coastal town of Rochefort – hoping that the sudden threat would compel the French to withdraw troops from Germany to protect the French coast against further attacks. Under Richelieu the French continued their drive, taking Minden and then capturing the city of Hanover on 11 August.
Richelieu despatched a force to occupy Brunswick. Frederick the Great then decided to withdraw the Prussian contingent of Cumberland's army so they could rejoin his own forces further weakening the Army of Observation.
The Hanoverian government retreated with Cumberland via Verden to Stade, Bremen-Verden's capital and a port town connected to the North Sea by the River Elbe. Although it was well-fortified and could be supplied from sea, Cumberland believed their situation to be precarious. The proposal that a large number of British reinforcements be diverted to Stade was rejected, and the British expedition was sent to its original destination of Rochefort, although it was launched too late to do anything to provide a diversion in support of Cumberland. Orders were sent to Captain Hyde Parker to use his Royal Navy squadron to keep open the supply route down the Elbe to Cumberland until the onset of ice prevented him. The deployment of this squadron left Richelieu to believe that Cumberland's position in Stade was secure, as he could not be defeated through lack of food and supplies. Morale in the French army had now collapsed, and many troops had been immobilised by illness. Richelieu was now open to a negotiated settlement – a prospect he had rejected on 21 August when Cumberland had proposed an armistice.
Convention of Klosterzeven
Frederick V King of Denmark was obligated by treaty to send troops to defend the Duchies of Bremen and Verden, both ruled in personal union with Britain and Hanover, if they were threatened by a foreign power. As he was eager to preserve his country's neutrality, he attempted to broker an agreement between the two commanders. Richelieu, not believing his army was in any condition to attack Klosterzeven, was receptive to the proposal as was Cumberland who was not optimistic about his own prospects.
On 10 September at Klosterzeven the British and French signed the Convention of Klosterzeven which secured the immediate end of hostilities. The terms called for several conditions. The national contingents from Brunswick and Hesse would return to their homelands. Half the Hanoverian force would be interned at Stade, while the remainder were to withdraw across the River Elbe. Most of Hanover would be under French occupation, except for a demilitarised zone. The French would evacuate the Duchy of Bremen, provided the British withdrew their ships from the River Weser. However, a number of issues were left vague and poorly defined leading to later dispute and controversy. Following the convention the Army of Observation began to disperse, though they were not required to surrender their weapons. However some of the Hessians were forcibly disarmed by French troops, in apparent violation of the terms.
The Convention was immediately attacked in Britain, and despite having given Cumberland authorisation to negotiate terms George II angrily rebuked his son on his return to London in October, compelling Cumberland to resign all his military offices. Richelieu also faced strong criticism from Paris where the terms were perceived as far too lenient. He had decided it was too late in the year to now commit his forces to a full attack on Prussia which would have to wait until the following year. Instead he moved his forces to take up winter quarters around Halberstadt. This was in spite of the fact he had instruction to besiege the Prussian fortress of Magdeburg.
The British government, seeing the terms agreed at Klosterzeven as contravening their own agreement with Prussia announced that they were not bound by it. They also began to lobby George II and his Hanoverian ministers to abandon the convention and re-enter the war. On 8 October George II revoked the agreement because of a technicality concerning the French interference with Hessian forces returning home. As the French were themselves dissatisfied by the agreement, they were also prepared to accept a return to hostilities.
Directed by the British, the Hanoverians began to reform the Army of Observation and selected Ferdinand of Brunswick, a Prussian commander and brother-in-law of Frederick the Great, as its new commander. The British now agreed to take over the payment of Hanoverian troops as well as other contingents. This marked a sudden reversal in the policies of William Pitt, as he had previously been opposed to further British financial commitments to a continental war. However, he still insisted that no British troops would be sent to join Brunswick's army. Ultimately this never came to pass, as British troops reinforced the Allied army at further battles, notably Wilhelmstahl.
Allied counter-attack
Ferdinand immediately began reforms of the forces placed under his command, and he tried to instil a fresh spirit into the Hanoverians. He was helped by the fact that the French troops had committed various acts of brutality that had turned the civilian population against the occupiers.
Following Frederick the Great's victory over the French at Rossbach, Ferdinand launched a winter campaign – an unusual strategy at the time – against the French occupiers. The condition of the French forces had deteriorated by this point and Richelieu began to withdraw rather than face a major battle. Shortly afterwards he resigned his post and was replaced by Louis, Count of Clermont. Clermont wrote to Louis XV describing the poor conditions of his army, which he claimed was made up of looters and casualties. Richelieu was accused of various misdemeanours including stealing the pay of his own soldiers.
Ferdinand's counterattack saw the Allied forces re-capture the port of Emden and drive the French back across the River Rhine so that by the spring Hanover had been liberated. Despite the French having been seemingly close to their goal of total victory in Europe by late 1757 – early 1758 began to reveal a shift in the overall fortunes of the war as Britain and its allies began to have more success around the globe.
Aftermath
Despite the setback in 1758, it was still a central part of French strategy to recapture Hanover and use it as a bargaining counter for lost French territories. This particularly became the case following the fall of Quebec in 1759. The French committed increasingly large forces in their attempt to defeat Ferdinand's army and occupy Hanover, but despite repeated efforts they were unable to break through and capture it again. Following the defeat of the final French attempt at the Battle of Wilhelmsthal in 1762, an armistice was agreed and the later Treaty of Paris compelled France to evacuate all their forces from Germany and the Austrian Netherlands.
In the later American War of Independence France signed a neutrality convention with Hanover, ruling out a French attack on Hanoverian soil. This was a recognition by the French leadership that it had been a mistake to attack Hanover in 1757 and pour so many troops and resources into the attempt to retake it – while British forces had been free to attack French colonies in the West Indies, Canada, Africa and India.
References
Bibliography
Anderson, Fred. Crucible of War: The Seven Years' War and the Fate of Empire in British North America, 1754–1766. Faber and Faber, 2001
Corbett, Julian Stafford. England in the Seven Years' War: A study in Combined Operations. Volume I. London, 1907.
Dull, Jonathan R. The French Navy and the Seven Years' War. University of Nebraska, 2005.
Mayo, Lawrence Shaw. Jeffrey Amherst: A Biography. Longmans Green, 1916.
McLynn, Frank. 1759: The Year Britain Became Master of the World. Pimlico, 2005.
Middleton, Richard. The Bells of Victory: The Pitt-Newcastle Ministry and the Conduct of the Seven Years' War, 1757–1762. Cambridge University Press, 1985.
Simms, Brendan. Three Victories and a Defeat: The Rise and Fall of the First British Empire. Penguin Books, 2008.
Campaigns of the Seven Years' War
1757 in Europe
1757 in military history
Conflicts in 1757
Electorate of Hanover
Hanover 1757
1757 in the Holy Roman Empire
Hanover 1757
Selman Abraham Waksman (July 22, 1888 – August 16, 1973) was a Jewish Russian Empire-born American inventor, biochemist and microbiologist whose research into the decomposition of organisms that live in soil enabled the discovery of streptomycin and several other antibiotics. A professor of biochemistry and microbiology at Rutgers University for four decades, he discovered a number of antibiotics (and introduced the modern sense of that word to name them), and he introduced procedures that have led to the development of many others. The proceeds earned from the licensing of his patents funded a foundation for microbiological research, which established the Waksman Institute of Microbiology located on the Rutgers University Busch Campus in Piscataway, New Jersey (USA). In 1952, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for "ingenious, systematic and successful studies of the soil microbes that led to the discovery of streptomycin." Waksman and his foundation later were sued by Albert Schatz, one of his PhD students and the discoverer of streptomycin, for minimizing Schatz's role in the discovery.
In 2005, Selman Waksman was granted an ACS National Historic Chemical Landmark in recognition of the significant work of his lab in isolating more than 15 antibiotics, including streptomycin, which was the first effective treatment for tuberculosis.
Early life and education
Selman Waksman was born on July 22, 1888, to Jewish parents, in Nova Pryluka, Kiev Governorate, Russian Empire, now Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine. He was the son of Fradia (London) and Jacob Waksman. In 1910, shortly after receiving his diploma from the Fifth Gymnasium in Odesa, he immigrated to the United States and became a naturalized American citizen six years later.
Waksman attended Rutgers College (now Rutgers University), where he graduated in 1915 with a Bachelor of Science in agriculture. He continued his studies at Rutgers, receiving a Master of Science the following year. During his graduate study, he worked under J. G. Lipman at the New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station at Rutgers performing research in soil bacteriology. Waksman spent some months in 1915-1916 at the United States Department of Agriculture in Washington, DC under Charles Thom, studying soil fungi. He was appointed as a research fellow at the University of California, Berkeley, and in 1918 he was awarded his doctor of philosophy in biochemistry.
Career
He joined the faculty at Rutgers University in the Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology.
At Rutgers, Waksman's team discovered several antibiotics, including actinomycin, clavacin, streptothricin hydrolase, streptomycin, grisein, neomycin, fradicin, candicidin, candidin. Waksman took credit for Albert Schatz's discovery of streptomycin, the first effective drug against gram negative bacteria and the first antibiotic used to cure tuberculosis. Waksman is credited with coining the term antibiotics, to describe antibacterials derived from other living organisms, for example penicillin, though the term was used by the French dermatologist François Henri Hallopeau, in 1871 to describe a substance opposed to the development of life.
In 1931 Waksman organized the division of Marine Bacteriology at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) in addition to his task at Rutgers. He was appointed as a marine bacteriologist there and served until 1942. He was elected a trustee at WHOI and finally a Life Trustee.
In 1951, using half of his personal patent royalties, Waksman created the Waksman Foundation for Microbiology. At a meeting of the board of trustees of the foundation, held in July 1951, he urged the building of a facility for work in microbiology, named the Waksman Institute of Microbiology, which is located on the Busch Campus of Rutgers University in Piscataway, New Jersey. First president of the foundation, Waksman was succeeded in this position by his son, Byron H. Waksman, from 1970 to 2000.
Personal life and death
Waksman was married to Deborah B. Mitnik. They had one son, Byron H. Waksman, M.D., who was a Assistant Professor at Harvard University Medical School, and Professor of Microbiology at Yale University Medical School.
Selman Waksman died on August 16, 1973, at a Hyannis, Massachussettes Hospital and was interred at the Woods Hole Village Cemetery in Woods Hole, Massachusetts. His tombstone is inscribed "Selman Abraham Waksman: Scientist", with his dates of birth and death, and the epitaph "The earth will unlock and fetch ahead salvation" in Hebrew and English, from .
Research
Streptomycin
Waksman had been studying the Streptomyces family of organism since his college student days and had, for a time, been studying the organism Streptomyces griseus. Streptomycin was isolated from S. griseus and found effective against tuberculosis by one of Waksman's graduate students, Albert Schatz. These results were later confirmed by Elizabeth Bugie Gregory, whose name was also published on "Streptomycin, a Substance Exhibiting Antibiotic Activity Against Gram-Positive and Gram-Negative Bacteria" with Schatz and Waksman. However, Bugie's name was not on the second key paper in 1944, which was regarding the efficacy of streptomycin against tuberculosis in test tubes, as Schatz claimed Bugie was not involved with the experiment. Bugie was also not given credit for her work on streptomycin, nor was she listed on the patent proposal, as she signed an affidavit stating that she did not have any contribution in discovering streptomycin. This was submitted under an attorney of the Rutgers Research and Endowment Foundation.
Controversy
The details and credit for the discovery of streptomycin and its usefulness as an antibiotic were strongly contested by Albert Schatz, leading to litigation in 1950. However, it was possible that Waksman did not see Schatz's contribution as significantly as Schatz saw his contributions. Waksman noted that Schatz was away at the military in 1943, adding that he was only in the lab for three months and only played a small role in discovering streptomycin. Waksman and Rutgers settled out of court with Schatz, resulting in financial remuneration and entitlement to "legal and scientific credit as co-discoverer of streptomycin."
Systematic experiments to test several strains of antibiotics against several different disease organisms were underway in Waksman's laboratory at the time. Their classic approach was to explore a complete matrix with rows consisting of antibiotics and columns consisting of different diseases. The bacteria which produced the antibiotic streptomycin were discovered by Schatz in the farmland outside his lab and tested by him. Waksman, however, eventually came to claim sole credit for the discovery.
The controversy of streptomycin between Waksman and Schatz brought to light the challenges of distributing credit for scientific research, discoveries, and patents. It prompted schools and universities to become more involved in the patenting process and to have more regulations on how credit is dispersed. Schools would also provide clearer lines for each individual's role in a lab to minimize future litigations against school.
Neomycin
Neomycin is derived from actinomycetes and was discovered by Waksman and Hubert A. Lechevalier, one of Waksman's graduate students. The discovery was published in the journal Science.
Marine bacteria
Waksman's research also examined the role of bacteria in marine systems, with a particular focus on the role of bacteria in nutrient cycles. Waksman examined the degradation of alginic acid, cellulose, and zooplankton. Waksman, working with Cornelia Carey, Margaret Hotchkiss, Yvette Hardman, and Donald Johnston, conducted multiple studies on the actions of bacteria in marine systems which included quantifying the abundance and viability of bacteria in seawater., examining the impact of copper on bacterial growth, estimating the impact of bacterial activity on the nitrogen cycle, and a separation of bacteria into groups based on habitat use in seawater, on plankton, or in the sediments.
Other tributes involve anti-fouling paint for the Navy, the use of enzymes in laundry detergents, and the practice of Concord grape rootstock to safeguard French vineyards from fungal infections.
Awards and honors
Waksman acquired many awards and honours, including the Nobel Prize in 1952; the Star of the Rising Sun granted to him by the emperor of Japan, and the rank of Commandeur in the French Légion d'honneur.
Waksman was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1952. In the award speech, Waksman was called "one of the greatest benefactors to mankind," as the result of the discovery of streptomycin. Schatz protested being left out of the award, even sending a letter to the King of Sweden, King Gustav the Sixth, but the State did not have any influence over the Nobel Prize Committee's decision and they ruled that he was a mere lab assistant working under an eminent scientist.
The Selman A. Waksman Award in Microbiology of the National Academy of Sciences is given in his honor.
Publications
Selman Waksman was author or co-author of over 400 scientific papers, as well as 28 books and 14 scientific pamphlets.
Enzymes (1926)
Humus: origin, chemical composition, and importance in nature (1936, 1938)
Principles of Soil Microbiology (1938)
My Life with the Microbes (1954) (an autobiography)
References
External links
including the Nobel Lecture December 12, 1952 Streptomycin: Background, Isolation, Properties, and Utilization
Waksman Foundation for Microbiology
"Streptomycin, Schatz v. Waksman, and the Balance of Credit for Discovery"
Findagrave: Selman Waksman
The Waksman Institute of Microbiology at Rutgers University
No Nobel for You – Top 10 Nobel Snubs, Scientific American
1888 births
1973 deaths
Nobel laureates in Physiology or Medicine
American Nobel laureates
People from Vinnytsia Oblast
People from Kiev Governorate
Jews from the Russian Empire
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
American autobiographers
American biochemists
20th-century American inventors
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
American science writers
Jewish American scientists
Jewish American writers
Jewish chemists
Leeuwenhoek Medal winners
Tuberculosis researchers
Recipients of the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research
Rutgers University alumni
Rutgers University faculty
Members of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts
American soil scientists
People from Falmouth, Massachusetts
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Natchimuthuk Gopalswamy is an American solar physicist. He is currently a staff scientist at the Heliophysics Division of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.
Background and scientific career
Gopalswamy completed a BSc and MSc in physics at the University of Madras in 1975 and 1977, respectively. These were followed by a PhD at the Indian Institute of Science in 1982. He took up research positions at the Indian Institute of Astrophysics, Bengaluru, working on radio observations of the Sun, followed by Kodaikanal Solar Observatory. In 1985 he moved to the University of Maryland, working on solar radio bursts, before moving to NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in 1997, with a joint research professor position at Catholic University of America. He focussed on coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and the relation to solar radio bursts.
Research interests
Gopalswamy's primary research interest is solar eruptive phenomenon and their relation to radio bursts and energetic particles. His scientific publications have attracted more than 20,000 citations. His early work focussed on multi-wavelength observations of CMEs. More recently, his work with the Large-angle and Spectrometric Coronagraph (LASCO) aboard the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO) spacecraft is of particular note. He maintains the widely used catalogue of LASCO-observed CMEs. This long-term dataset has allowed the link between the approximately 11-year solar cycle and CMEs to be better understood. During the 2017 solar eclipse, he led a team making spectroscopic measurements of the solar corona.
Awards and honours
2019 Doctor Honoris Causa, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences
2019 American Geophysical Union Richard Carrington Award
2016 Elected American Geophysical Union Fellow
2011 Scientific Committee on Solar-Terrestrial Physics (SCOSTEP) President
2010 Asia Oceania Geosciences Society (AOGS) Distinguished Lecturer, 2010
2009 Elected president of International Astronomical Union Commission 49 (interplanetary plasma and heliosphere)
2007 Associate editor for Geophysical Research Letters
2006 Editorial board for Sun and Geosphere
2000 Associate editor of Journal of Geophysical Research (Space Physics)
1996 Elected fellow of the Science and Technology Agency of Japan
References
American physicists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Madras alumni
Indian Institute of Science alumni
In Accounting, a Hedge relationship can be conceptualized as a type of insurance contract for risk mitigation on an underlying asset and a set of tests and methods for valuation of this insurer/insuree contract in corporate accounting and reporting.
More technically, the accounting term "Hedge relationship" describes the criteria for including the fair value of derivatives on balance sheet as part of an effort to regulate and normalize the use of hedging in corporate accounting.
These contracts are valuable to a company and standardized means of including their fair value on corporate balance sheets is of interest to lenders and investors.
In general, the use of hedges and financial derivatives to protect against risk should reflect a fair value assessment of the hedge and should not appear as items in corporate income. For companies operating outside of the financial services sector an effective hedge should protect against undue loss without being a major component of company income statements.
To account for the value of these contracts, specified criteria - as noted in IAS section 39 R.88 and updated by IFRS 9 - must be met for a hedge relationship to be deemed to exist and for hedge accounting to apply: so-called "hedge effectiveness".
Testing must be performed on both elements of the hedge relationship to ensure that the risk mitigation value of the hedge would be effectively reflected in the insurees profit and loss ledger. "Effectiveness" measures the strength of this relationship; there are several generally accepted "measures of effectiveness":
The "Dollar Offset Method". The method calculates the ratio: cumulative change in value of the hedging instrument over its life, compared to the same for the hedged item. Value here may be either fair value, or the present value of future expected cash flows; the modelling is usually under simulation. If the ratio is between 0.8 and 1.25 (4/5 - 5/4) under all scenarios - the "80:125 rule" - then hedge accounting may be applied.
Regression analysis. A similar approach, but here regressing the expected changes in these values at relevant future time periods - usually financial reporting dates - so as to demonstrate the strength of the hedge-relationship. The modelling uses current market variables, such as forward rates recovered from the yield curve. Here the 80:125 rule applies to the estimated slope; additionally, for the hedge to be deemed effective, the R squared must be better than 0.8.
"Variance-reduction test". Also a comparison of the value or cash flows of the hedged item and those of the hedging instrument, but here returning:
1 - (standard deviation of the hedge instrument / standard deviation of the instrument being hedged)
Sources
Resources
Recognition of previous GAAP hedge relationship when it first applies IAS 39, Accountancy; Jun2004, Vol. 133 Issue 1330, p90-91.
Accounting for electricity derivatives under IAS 39, Journal of Derivatives & Hedge Funds (2007) 13, 233–246.
References
Derivatives (finance)
Accounting terminology
Market risk
Mert Müldür (born 3 April 1999) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Italian club Sassuolo and the Turkey national team. Mainly a right-back, Müldür is a versatile defender capable of playing in multiple positions.
Club career
Rapid Wien
Müldür joined the SK Rapid Wien youth academy at the age of six in 2006, and worked his way up into the professional team. Müldür made his professional debut for SK Rapid in a 4–1 Austrian Football Bundesliga loss to FC Red Bull Salzburg on 13 May 2018. On 29 May 2018, Müldür signed his first professional contract for three years with Rapid Wien.
Sassuolo
On 20 August 2019, Müldür signed with the Italian club U.S. Sassuolo Calcio. He made his debut five days later, coming on as a substitute in 2–1 away loss against Torino.
International career
Born in Austria to Turkish parents, Müldür is a youth international for Turkey. Müldür made his debut for the senior Turkey national team on 11 October 2018, in a 0–0 friendly against Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Turkey's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Müldür goal.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Austrian people of Turkish descent
Citizens of Turkey through descent
Turkish footballers
Austrian footballers
Footballers from Vienna
Association football defenders
Turkey international footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Serie A players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
U.S. Sassuolo Calcio players
SK Rapid Wien players
Turkish expatriate footballers
Austrian expatriate footballers
Turkish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Andrei Karatchenia (, born 1 January 1989) is a former professional tennis player from Belarus.
Biography
A right-handed player from Minsk, Karatchenia debuted for the Belarus Davis Cup team as a 15 year old in 2004. Belarus had reached the World Group semi-finals for the first time and faced the United States in Charleston. Having already lost the tie, the Belarusians played Karatchenia against Mardy Fish in the last of the reverse singles, but the match was abandoned three games in due to rain.
Karatchenia partnered with Thomas Fabbiano to win the boys' doubles championship at the 2007 French Open, beating Kellen Damico and Jonathan Eysseric in the final. His professional career was limited to Futures tournaments and he won a total of three ITF doubles titles.
In both 2007 and 2008 he appeared in four further Davis Cup ties for Belarus. He had singles wins over Jerzy Janowicz of Poland and Georgia's Irakli Labadze in 2008.
Junior grand slam finals
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Doubles: 4 (3–1)
See also
List of Belarus Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Belarusian male tennis players
French Open junior champions
Tennis players from Minsk
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' doubles
"Old Ironsides" is a poem written by American writer Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr. on September 16, 1830, as a tribute to the 18th-century . The poem was one reason that the frigate was saved from being decommissioned, and it is now the oldest commissioned ship in the world that is still afloat.
Text
Aye tear her tattered ensign down
Long has it waved on high,
And many an eye has danced to see
That banner in the sky;
Beneath it rung the battle shout,
And burst the cannon's roar;—
The meteor of the ocean air
Shall sweep the clouds no more.
Her deck, once red with heroes' blood,
Where knelt the vanquished foe,
When winds were hurrying o'er the flood,
And waves were white below,
No more shall feel the victor's tread,
Or know the conquered knee;—
The harpies of the shore shall pluck
The eagle of the sea!
Oh, better that her shattered hulk
Should sink beneath the wave;
Her thunders shook the mighty deep,
And there should be her grave;
Nail to the mast her holy flag,
Set every threadbare sail,
And give her to the god of storms,
The lightning and the gale!
- Oliver Wendell Holmes
Background
"Old Ironsides" was the nickname given to the 18th-century frigate, USS Constitution during the War of 1812 after its naval battle with . Constitution was one of the original six frigates of the United States Navy, commissioned by the Naval Act of 1794. It was the third of four ships with 44 guns and was granted its name by President George Washington. The ship saw action during the Quasi-War, the First Barbary War, the Battle of Tripoli Harbor, and the Battle of Derne before it earned the famous nickname during the War of 1812. It was nicknamed this because the live oak wood with which the ship was made was so strong that the 18-pound British cannonballs bounced right off the hull
Composition and publication history
Holmes had recently abandoned his studies of law and began writing poetry for fun. In September 1830, he read an article in the Boston Daily Advertiser about the Navy's plans to dismantle the historic USS Constitution. Startled, he was moved to write "Old Ironsides" to express his opposition to the scrapping. The poem was published in the Advertiser the next day and was soon reprinted by papers in New York, Philadelphia, and Washington.
Response
The poem brought Holmes immediate national attention, and the poem would remain among his best-known. Also, the poem generated enough public sentiment that the historic ship was preserved though plans to do so may have already been in motion. Today, Constitution is well known by its nickname "Old Ironsides" and is the oldest commissioned ship in the world that is still afloat.
References
External links
"Old Ironsides" original text with original author notes
"The USS Constitution and Holmes' 'Old Ironsides'", by Linda Sue Grimes
American poems
1830 poems
Works by Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Works about ships
John de Bradelgehe was the first Archdeacon of Totnes, holding office before 1140.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Pindrop is the debut studio album by English post-punk band The Passage, released in 1980 by record label Object.
Reception
Pindrop has received a positive critical reception. NME called it "a word of disciplined intellectual aggression, frantic emotions and powerfully idiomatic musicality". Sounds called the album "as innovative and individual as 154 and Unknown Pleasures were". Trouser Press called it "easily one of the most mysteriously brilliant albums ever".
Track listing
All tracks composed by Dick Witts; all lyrics by Dick Witts except where noted.
Pin side
"Fear"
"Troops Out"
"Carnal"
"Watching You Dance"
"Hunt"
"Anderton's Hall"
"From the Heart"
Drop side
"Locust"
"2711"
"16 Hours" (Witts, Tony Friel)
"Carmen"
"A Certain Way to Go"
"Prelude"
Personnel
The Passage
Dick Witts - vocals, treatments
Technical
Stewart Pickering - engineer
Jeremy Greenwood - cover design
References
External links
1980 debut albums
The Passage (band) albums
Malus sylvestris, the European crab apple, is a species of the genus Malus, native to Europe. Its scientific name means "forest apple" and the truly wild tree has thorns.
Description
Wild apple has an expanded crown and often appears more like a bush than a tree. It can live 80–100 years and grow up to tall with trunk diameters of . Due to its weak competitiveness and high light requirement, wild apple is found mostly at the wet edge of forests, in farmland hedges or on very extreme, marginal sites.
The flowers are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by insects.
Progenitor of cultivated apples
In the past M. sylvestris was thought to be the most important ancestor of the cultivated apple (M. domestica), which has since been shown to have been primarily derived from the central Asian species M. sieversii. However another recent DNA analysis confirms that M. sylvestris has contributed significantly to the genome.
The study found that secondary introgression from other species of the genus Malus has greatly shaped the genome of M. domestica, with M. sylvestris being the largest secondary contributor. It also found that current populations of M. domestica are more closely related to M. sylvestris than to M. sieversii. However, in more pure strains of M. domestica, the M. sieversii ancestry still predominates.
Distribution and habitat
The species originates from Central Asia, in the area currently known as Kazakhstan. The tree is currently rather rare but native to most European countries. It occurs in a scattered distribution pattern as single individuals or in small groups.
Ecology
Its leaves are food of the caterpillars of the twin-spotted sphinx (Smerinthus jamaicensis) and possibly the hawthorn moth (Scythropia crataegella).
Gallery
See also
List of Lepidoptera that feed on Malus
References
Further reading
M.H.A. Hoffman, List of names of woody plants, Applied Plant Research, Boskoop 2005.
RHS dictionary of gardening, 1992
External links
USDA Plants Profile for Malus sylvestris
Jepson Manual (JM93) treatment of Malus sylvestris — introduced species in California.
EUFORGEN species page: Malus sylvestris. Information, distribution and related resources.
sylvestris
Crabapples
Flora of Europe
Flora of Spain
Flora of Ukraine
Taxa named by Philip Miller
ISO 3166-2:TJ is the entry for Tajikistan in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Tajikistan, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 autonomous region, 2 regions, 1 capital territory, and 1 district under republic administration.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Tajikistan. The second part is two letters.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry are listed on ISO's online catalogue, the Online Browsing Platform:
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998. ISO stopped issuing newsletters in 2013.
See also
Subdivisions of Tajikistan
FIPS region codes of Tajikistan
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: TJ
Regions of Tajikistan, Statoids.com
2:TJ
ISO 3166-2
Tajikistan geography-related lists
The 2018–19 Oregon Ducks women's basketball team represented the University of Oregon during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Ducks, led by fifth-year head coach Kelly Graves, played home games at the Matthew Knight Arena as members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 33–5, 16–2 in Pac-12 play to win the Pac-12 regular season title. They advanced to the championship game of the Pac-12 Women's Tournament where they lost Stanford. They received an at-large bid of the NCAA Women's Tournament where they defeated Portland State and Indiana in the first and second rounds, South Dakota State in the Sweet Sixteen and Mississippi State in the Elite Eight to reach the Final Four for the first time in school history. They lost to Baylor in the Final Four.
Offseason
Departures
Recruits
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Pac-12 regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=|Pac-12 Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=|NCAA Women's Tournament
Rankings
2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball rankings
^Coaches did not release a Week 2 poll.
See also
2018–19 Oregon Ducks men's basketball team
References
Oregon Ducks women's basketball seasons
Oregon
Oregon Ducks
Oregon Ducks
Oregon
NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament Final Four seasons
Parliament () is a station on the Confederation Line as part of the O-Train network in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The station is located under O'Connor and Queen Streets in Downtown Ottawa. It has the highest projected use of all new stops on the Confederation Line, with access to Parliament Hill, Sparks Street, the downtown business district, as well as the World Exchange Plaza and Bank Street. The station is also near the CBC Ottawa Production Centre studios.
Layout
Parliament is an underground station with two side platforms. A single Grand Hall Concourse is located immediately above platform level. The station's entrances are integrated with the Sun Life Financial Centre and Heritage Place; both lead to the centre of the concourse, with ticket barriers at either end leading to the ends of the platform.
The Grand Hall Concourse is 15 metres underground, while the platform itself is 19 metres.
The station features two artworks: Lone Pine Sunset by Douglas Coupland, an installation of brightly coloured panels based on Tom Thomson's The Jack Pine running along the ceiling of the concourse, as well as Trails: home and away by Jennifer Stead, a series of painted metal screens located between the two tracks at platform level.
Service
The following routes serve Parliament station as of October 6, 2019:
References
Confederation Line stations
Railway stations located underground in Canada
Railway stations in Canada opened in 2019
2019 establishments in Ontario
Redha Abujabarah (born 27 October 1996) is a Kuwaiti football player who plays for Kazma and the Kuwait national team.
On 5 September 2019, Abujabarrah scored his first goal for Kuwait at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification against Nepal in a 7–0 victory.
International career
Goals
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Kuwaiti footballers
Kuwait international footballers
Association football midfielders
Qadsia SC players
Kazma SC players
Kuwait Premier League players
Frederick IV Charles Louis William of Hesse-Homburg (15 April 1724 in Braunfels – 7 February 1751 in Bad Homburg), was Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg.
Life
Frederick Charles was born at Castle Braunfels as the first child of Prince Casimir William (1690–1726) and his wife Countess Charlotte Christine (1690–1751), daughter of the Count William Maurice of Solms-Braunfels. His father was a son of Landgrave Frederick II of Hesse-Homburg.
Frederick grew up first at Braunfels Castle, and later in Varel. He was educated in a Humanistic-Christian spirit and attended a few semesters at the University of Leiden. In 1740, he was introduced to Frederick the Great during a visit to Wesel. At the latter's suggestion, he joined the Prussian army in 1741 and participated in the two Silesian wars. He distinguished himself at the siege of Brzeg and was promoted to Captain. In 1744, he participated in the offensive in Bohemia and the siege and conquest of Prague. He fell ill there in 1745, and took a leave of absence.
On 10 October 1746 in Hungen, he married his cousin Ulrike Louise (1731–1792), the daughter of Prince Frederick William of Solms-Braunfels. On 8 June 1746, his uncle, Landgrave Frederick III, died in the Netherlands, without a male heir. Frederick Charles succeeded him in Homburg as Frederick IV.
His prime ministers, Friedrich Karl von Moser and Casimir of Criss tried to resolve the financial problems of Hesse-Homburg Finance rehabilitate, but the mismanagement that led to the formation of an imperial debit commission to oversee the administration of his predecessor, continued.
He had a claim to inherit the Duchy of Courland after the house of Ketteler died out in 1737. Frederick Charles claimed to be entitled to the Duchy via his grandmother Louise Elisabeth of Courland. However, Empress Anna of Russia granted the Duchy to her favourite Ernst Johann von Biron.
In 1747, the senior line of Hesse-Darmstadt tried to regain possession of Homburg. Troops from Darmstadt marched in and Landgrave Louis VIII of Hesse-Darmstadt claimed to be Frederick's legal guardian. Frederick, however, was legally an adult and married. A court case was brought before the Emperor and the Aulic Council. While the case was still being discussed, Frederick IV died in 1751, at the age of 28 of a "chest disease". His son and successor, Frederick V, had celebrated his third birthday a week before.
Frederick IV was buried in the crypt of Bad Homburg Castle.
Issue
From his marriage to Ulrike Louise, Frederick Charles had the following children:
Frederick V Louis William Christian (Homburg, 30 January 1748 – Homburg, 20 January 1820), Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg.
Marie Christine Charlotte Wilhelmine (Homburg, 4 November 1749 – Homburg, 10 November 1750).
References
Johann Caspar Bluntschli: Deutsches Staatswörterbuch, p. 180
Johann I. von Gerning: Die Lahn- und Main-Gegenden von Embs bis Frankfurt, p. 163 ff
Landgraves of Hesse-Darmstadt
House of Hesse-Homburg
1724 births
1751 deaths
18th-century German people
Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Per Magnus Herman Schultz (7 July 1823, in Södermanland – 8 May 1890, in Stockholm) was a Swedish astronomer.
Biography and career
In 1878 Schultz became professor at Uppsala University and director of the Uppsala Astronomical Observatory. In 1873 he became a member of the Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala and joined the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1875.
In 1860, he married Charlotte Klara Amlie Steinheil, daughter of astronomer Carl August von Steinheil. Over the course of his career, Schultz discovered 13 objects that were later listed in the New General Catalogue by John Louis Emil Dreyer. NGC 18 is an example.
References
19th-century Swedish astronomers
1823 births
1890 deaths
Uppsala University people
Banachiewicz is a largely degraded lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon.
Geography
Banachiewicz crater is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. It is largely degraded. Portions of the western and southwest rim still survive as low ridges in the surface, while the remainder is a jumble of irregular terrain with little definition. It was named after Polish astronomer Tadeusz Banachiewicz. Due to its location, this crater appears very foreshortened to an earthbound viewer. The visibility is more than partly affected by libration, which can at times completely conceal this formation from view.
There are two small impact craters of note within the interior: Banachiewicz B is adjacent to the western rim, while the smaller, former Banachiewicz F crater—renamed by the IAU as "Knox-Shaw"—lies on the eastern floor of the walled inner plain. It is located closer to the midpoint, and 12 km in circumference. It was named after British astronomer Harold Knox-Shaw. Knox-Shaw is a bowl-shaped formation of the type that is found over much of the lunar surface. The rim is circular and the inner walls slope down to a small interior floor at the midpoint. It is not significantly eroded and has no other distinguishing features.
Just to the northeast of this formation is the large walled plain Neper, which lies on the southern edge of Mare Marginis. The crater Schubert is located to the south of Banachiewicz, while Schubert E is attached to the exterior of the western rim.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Banachiewicz.
Gallery
See also
1286 Banachiewicza, asteroid
References
External links
LTO-63C1 Knox-Shaw — L&PI topographic map
Impact craters on the Moon
Alberto Macías Hernández (born 28 December 1969) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a defender.
A tall center back nicknamed "El Flaco," Macías spent most of his career at Toluca after breaking into the team in 1991. He became a starter in 1992 and, after playing infrequently the next three years, returned to the starting lineup in 1996. Playing alongside teammates such as Salvador Carmona under the guidance of coach Enrique Meza, Macías formed a key part of the defensive line that helped Toluca to league titles in the Verano 1998, Verano 1999, and Verano 2000 seasons. He also provided a strong threat in the air, scoring 11 total goals in the three championship campaigns. In 2000, he moved to Cruz Azul, later playing for Club América, Atlas, Atlante, and San Luis. The Clausura 2004 campaign, with San Luis, was the last for Macías in the Mexican top flight.
Macías was a member of the Mexico national football team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, appearing in all three matches. He also earned four caps for the national A-side, making his debut on November 15, 2000, in a World Cup qualifying match against Canada, substituting Ramón Ramírez in the 76th minute. With former Toluca coach Meza at the helm, Macías got an opportunity with the full national team, but the rise of young Rafael Márquez to join veteran Claudio Suárez in central defense made his task difficult. Macías earned his final cap on February 28, 2001, in a 2-0 loss to the United States to begin the final round of qualifiers for the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Mexico international footballers
Association football defenders
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Atlas F.C. footballers
Cruz Azul footballers
Deportivo Toluca F.C. players
Atlante F.C. footballers
Club América footballers
San Luis F.C. players
Footballers from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Mexican footballers
South Fork, California may refer to:
South Fork, Butte County, California
South Fork, Madera County, California
South Fork, Mendocino County, California
South Fork, Humboldt County, California
Ovsyannikovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2002.
Geography
Ovsyannikovskaya is located 38 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Makarovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
David Anthony Williams (born June 9, 1980) is a professional poker player and popular Magic: The Gathering player who also competed on Season 7 of the popular FOX cooking show MasterChef, where he finished as co-runner-up.
Personal life
Williams was born in Arlington, Texas. At 16, he attended the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science, a two-year early college entrance program at the University of North Texas. Later, he briefly attended Princeton University before switching to study economics at Southern Methodist University. Williams currently resides in Las Vegas, Nevada. Williams has one daughter, Liliana.
Poker career
Williams's poker success was capped at the 2004 World Series of Poker. He won his buy-in through an online poker site and made it to the final table of the Main Event, ultimately finishing second to Greg Raymer, but still winning $3.5 million for the runner-up prize. Four months later, he finished second at the Borgata Open World Poker Tour, where he collected $573,800.
Live
Tournaments
As of 2010, his total live tournament winnings exceed $7,900,000. $4,317,983 of his live winnings have come at the WSOP, and most of the rest has come from the WPT.
World Series of Poker
Williams won his sole WSOP bracelet in 2006 in the $1,500 Seven-card stud event when his () defeated John Hoang's (). His mother, Shirley Williams, often attends his poker events, and even competed in the 2006 WSOP Main Event, outlasting her son in the process.
World Poker Tour
In March 2006, Williams made a second WPT final table, finishing 4th for $280,000. Two months later, he made another WPT final table, again finishing 4th. In 2010, he won the WPT World Championship, defeating Eric Baldwin in heads-up play and winning over $1.5 million.
Online poker
Following the 2004 World Series of Poker, David Williams became a member of Team Bodog. Williams parted ways with Bodog after the 2010 WPT World Championship. In June 2010, Williams joined Team PokerStars as a sponsored pro.
Tournaments
World Championship of Online Poker
In 2009, Williams, playing under the screen name "RugDoctor", defeated poker professional Alexander "joiso" Kostritsyn to capture Event #42 ($2,100 8-Game) of the World Championship of Online Poker (WCOOP).
Other poker activities
Williams also appeared on the game show King of Vegas, finishing in third place. He now has his own blog that offers an inside look at his personal and professional life. The webisodes air on the internet TV channel RawVegas.tv.
Magic: The Gathering
Williams is an accomplished Magic player. His initial foray into Magic'''s Pro Tour came in the late 1990s. He made the Top 8 of eight Grand Prix events in cities such as San Diego, Cannes, Moscow, and Cleveland with Team Event wins in Yokohama and Taipei in 2001. He also made the top 8 of the first Pro Tour in Japan, finishing 7th at PT Tokyo 2001. He had already won over $30,000 playing Magic when he made the Top 8 of the 2001 World Championships in Toronto. However, he was disqualified without prize for marked cards because three of his four Accumulated Knowledge cards were bent more than the other cards in his deck, making them easier to cut to when Williams cut his own deck after his opponent shuffled it. The tournament's judging staff determined that the bending was not accidental and that Williams had cheated based on two criteria:
Each time Williams cut his deck as part of pregame shuffling procedure, a copy of Accumulated Knowledge was on top.
The judges were able to consistently cut his deck to a copy of Accumulated Knowledge.
Williams admitted that the cards were marked but disputed the determination that he cheated by marking them intentionally. Williams was suspended by the DCI from sanctioned Magic: The Gathering tournaments for one year. During this suspension, Williams started to focus more on Texas hold 'em, especially on the Internet. He made a successful comeback after his suspension was finished, and won money at several more Magic events, though his focus was mainly on poker.
Even though there is more money that can be made in professional poker than in professional Magic, Williams has said he will continue to play both games, although poker will take precedence. Like many who play both, he has asserted that the two are for different purposes: he plays Magic to have fun, and poker to make money.
MasterChef
Williams competed as a contestant on the seventh season of the United States cooking competition MasterChef'' in 2016. He was one of three contestants to make it into the finals, ultimately losing to Shaun O'Neale and finishing as co-runner-up with Brandi Mudd. He had six total challenge wins during the season.
References
External links
World Poker Tour profile
TexasHoldemForums.com interview
PokerListings.com interview
1980 births
Living people
American poker players
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
World Poker Tour winners
Poker After Dark tournament winners
American Magic: The Gathering players
People from Arlington, Texas
People from the Las Vegas Valley
Science fiction fans
Nyree Dawn Porter OBE (born Ngaire Dawn Porter; 22 January 1936 – 10 April 2001) was a New Zealand–British actress.
Early life and career
Porter was born in Napier, New Zealand in 1936. Her first professional work was touring with the New Zealand Players Trust. She was acclaimed for such roles as Jessica in The Merchant of Venice and Juliet in Romanoff and Juliet. She also performed in revues and musicals. She moved to Britain in 1958 after winning a Miss Cinema talent competition for young actresses organised by Rank, with the prize of a round-the-world trip and a film test in London. Although the test was probably little more than a publicity stunt, she decided to stay and was soon acting in the theatre. Look Who's Here at the Fortune Theatre in Drury Lane was her first West End appearance. She followed this with the role of Connie in Neil Simon's first West End play, Come Blow Your Horn, and a string of other appearances. She had two roles in Stephen Sondheim's Sunday in the Park with George, at the National Theatre in 1990 and played Olivia in Twelfth Night at the Shaw Theatre, and Rosalind in As You Like It at the Ludlow Festival. She later toured in Australia, in Jeffrey Archer's Beyond Reasonable Doubt, and later in The King and me.
Television and films
She appeared in several television productions, including an early episode of The Avengers ("Death on The Slipway", 1961); and the title role in the BBC's 1964 adaptation of Madame Bovary.
Porter is probably best remembered for her role as Irene in the hit BBC series The Forsyte Saga. The 1967 series, which attracted audiences of 18 million, saw her described by critics as "the first romantic sex symbol of the telly age." She herself said, "I was an unknown theatre actress and Irene gave me international fame and opened doors for me".
Although subsequently finding similar high-profile roles harder to come by, she starred in the 1968 comedy series Never a Cross Word and four years later opposite Robert Vaughn in Gerry Anderson's live-action series The Protectors. Porter also played the title role in the 26-part daytime serial For Maddie with Love, as a woman with only a few months left to live. Her screen husband was played by Ian Hendry. The programme ran for two series, in 1980 and 1981.
Her film appearances included The Cracksman (1963), Two Left Feet (1963) and two horror anthologies: The House That Dripped Blood (1971) and From Beyond the Grave (1974). She also appeared in Hilary and Jackie (1998), as the ballerina Dame Margot Fonteyn.
Awards and honours
In the 1970 Birthday Honours, Porter was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to television.
In 1975, she won the Spanish TP de Oro 'Best Foreign Actress' award for The Protectors.
Personal life
Her first husband, Byron O'Leary, died in 1970 of an accidental drug overdose. In 1975 she married actor Robin Halstead after the birth of their daughter, Natalya Francesca Halstead. The couple divorced in 1987.
Death
She died in Wandsworth, London, in 2001 from leukaemia, aged 65. She was cremated at Putney Vale Crematorium and her ashes buried in the cemetery there.
Filmography
Film
Television
Notes
References
External links
Obituary in The Guardian
1936 births
2001 deaths
Burials at Putney Vale Cemetery
Deaths from cancer in England
Deaths from leukemia
New Zealand television actresses
New Zealand film actresses
New Zealand stage actresses
New Zealand emigrants to the United Kingdom
Expatriates in England
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People from Napier, New Zealand
20th-century New Zealand actresses
Walther Neye (24 July 1901 – 12 August 1989) was a German lawyer. Between 1952 and 1957 he was the rector of Berlin's Humboldt University.
Life
Early years
Walther Eduard Hermann Neye was born, the youngest of three children, at the start of the twentieth century in Arnsberg, a prosperous mid-sized town in central western Germany. His father was a company secretary. Neye successfully completed his school leaving exams in Potsdam in 1919. After that, during the confused year of political and social turbulence that for Germany followed national defeat in the First World War, he briefly joined the "Upper Silesian Border Force" (), a freelance quasi-military body set up by the Council of the People's Deputies (interim government) to guard Germany's south-eastern border with the newly re-created Polish state in a region where many districts were of mixed ethnicity and national identity.
In autumn 1919 he returned to Berlin and started a period of legal study at the Frederick William University (as the Humboldt was then known), graduating successfully in 1923. In 1924 he received his doctorate from Breslau University, obtaining in 1927 a referendary post through passing a further public examination. During his time as a referendary, which lasted until 1935, he also worked as a repetitor.
Professional life before and during the war
In 1928 Neye started to work as a lawyer in Berlin. Five years later, in January 1933, there was a change of regime. The Hitler government lost little time in switching Germany over to single-party dictatorship. Shortly after that, in May 1933, Walther Neye signed up for party membership, also joining the National Socialist Association of Legal Professionals. In June 1938 he was nominated as a notary to the Charlottenburg (Berlin) District Court. In summer 1938 Neye faced official censure from the legal regulator because he had sold a piece of land to a Jewish woman, which was by now contrary to government policy. The record of the incident was retained in the files kept by the president of the district court. Despite this, from 1939 the assessments kept about him on file by the district court president were very positive.
War returned towards the end of 1939. Neye entered into a contract with the Aviation Ministry, after which he worked as a consultant in the aviation sector. However, from October 1941 until November 1942 he also resumed his work as a public notary. In November 1942 he was ordered to the Netherlands, which by this time had been under German occupation for more than two years. He was installed in Eindhoven where he was inserted into the management team controlling physical assets of the important Philips electronics corporation that the family had not managed to move across the Atlantic ahead of the German invasion. In September 1944 he was removed from Philips when Einhoven was liberated from German forces by allied forces.
After the war
War ended in May 1945, with the eastern part of Berlin now incorporated into the Soviet occupation zone in what remained of Germany. Neye managed to persuade the magistrate of greater Berlin that he had never been a member of the Nazi Party and in June 1945 was readmitted to the legal profession in the city. In July 1945 he resumed his office as public notary, with which he continued until 1947.
At the end of summer 1946 Neye also took a teaching post in civil law at the Humboldt University. As part of the recruitment process, he had been required to provide a sworn statement that he had not been a party member, and had always been critical of the Hitler regime. For the Dean of the Law faculty, , Neye's experience as a repetitor during the early 1930s, counted decisively in favour of his appointment. Sources stress that Neye's mid-career switch into the academic world was facilitated by a desperate shortage of academic staff generated by the slaughter of war and, at least in the case of the law faculty at the Humboldt, exacerbated in the zone under Soviet administration by rigorous de-nazification processes that excluded many potential candidates. Neye was therefore able to become a full professor at the university without ever obtaining a higher habilitation qualification.
After October 1949, when the Soviet occupation zone was reinvented as the German Democratic Republic, an unusual and increasingly apparent feature of the new country's political structure was the extent to which political and administrative control was centrally directed. An early manifestation of this trend in the education sector was the creation, in 1945, of the German National People's Training Administration (DVV / ). In 1947 this body nominated Neye to a full professorship of civil law at the University of Rostock. In Berlin the Humboldt made him an equivalent appointment, still without any requirement to obtain a habilitation qualification. A tussle between the two universities ensued, and lasted several months. It was only in March 1948 that the informed Rostock that they had decided that Neye should remain in Berlin, and his appointment to a professorship eventually took place in July 1948. The in October 1948 the DVV president, Paul Wandel appointed him Full Professor in Civil Law at the Humboldt. The struggle with Rostock University over the appointment continued to fester, however.
During the 1950s Neye remained quietly but determinedly apolitical: his career success within the education sector is attributed to his exceptional talent for organisation. In 1950 he was appointed Dean of the Law Faculty at the Humboldt University. Two years later, in 1952, he started a five-year stint as the University Rector, in succession to . In 1952 he also joined the . Finally, in 1963, he joined the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED). In May 1963 he was appointed to head up the East German Commission for UNESCO work.
Awards and honours
1954 Patriotic Order of Merit
1960 Patriotic Order of Merit in Gold
Like many of East Germany's elite artists and academics, Neye lived in the prestigious Street 201 quarter of Pankow on Berlin's northside.
References
20th-century jurists
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Presidents of the Humboldt University of Berlin
Jurists from Berlin
Civil law notaries
Netherlands in World War II
Philips employees
Nazi Party members
Socialist Unity Party of Germany members
Recipients of the Patriotic Order of Merit
1901 births
1989 deaths
People from Arnsberg
Air Song is the debut album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Steve McCall, and Fred Hopkins performing four of Threadgill's compositions. The album was originally released on the Japanese Why Not label in 1975 and later released in the U.S. on India Navigation in 1982.
Reception
The Penguin Guide to Jazz selected this album as part of its suggested Core Collection, stating: "Air Song was the first release and still stands up well, four longish compositions by Threadgill whose quirky deployment of minimal themes and areas of activity gave the trio plenty to work with".
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek commented: "The interplay between the three members is almost always inventive, engaging, and full of warmth and humor. There is little excessive indulgence to be found on these improvisations, and the degree of musicianship with these men is off the chart... A lovely and auspicious debut".
Track listing
All compositions by Henry Threadgill
"Untitled Tango" – 12:08
"Great Body of the Riddle or Where Were the Dodge Boys When My Clay Started to Slide" – 13:29
"Dance of the Beast" – 11:03
"Air Song" – 12:17
Recorded at P.S. Recording Studios, Chicago on September 10, 1975
Personnel
Henry Threadgill – tenor saxophone (track 1), baritone saxophone (track 2), alto saxophone (track 3), flute (track 4)
Fred Hopkins – bass
Steve McCall – drums
References
1975 debut albums
Air (free jazz trio) albums
India Navigation albums
Whynot Records albums
Pia Hierzegger (born 2 February 1972) is an Austrian actress. She has appeared in more than fifteen films since 2004.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Austrian film actresses
The chestnut-bellied seed finch (Sporophila angolensis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae, but was until recently placed in Emberizidae.
It is found widely in shrubby and grassy areas in tropical and subtropical South America. It has been replaced west of the Andes (and in Central America) by the closely related thick-billed seed finch (S. funerea). The two have often been considered conspecific as the lesser seed-finch, using the older scientific name O. angolensis.
Taxonomy
The chestnut-bellied seed finch was formally described by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1766 in the twelfth edition of his Systema Naturae under the binomial name Loxia angolensis. Linnaeus based his description on "The Black Gros-Beak" that had been described and illustrated in 1764 by the English naturalist George Edwards. Edwards's illustration was from a live bird belonging to the barrister Philip Carteret Webb. Edwards mistakenly believed that the bird had come from Angola. The chestnut-bellied seed finch does not occur there and the type locality is now designated as eastern Brazil.
The chestnut-bellied seed finch and the thick-billed seed finch were formerly considered conspecific and together had the English name "lesser seed-finch". Both species were formerly placed in the genus Oryzoborus but molecular phylogenetic studies found that Oryzoborus was embedded in Sporophila. The chestnut-bellied seed finch was therefore moved to Sporophila, a genus that had been introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1844.
Two subspecies are recognised:
S. a. torrida (Scopoli, 1769) – Trinidad, Tobago, east Colombia, Venezuela, the Guianas and north, west Amazonia
S. a. angolensis (Linnaeus, 1766) – north Bolivia to east Brazil, Paraguay and northeast Argentina
References
Further reading
chestnut-bellied seed finch
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of the Caribbean
chestnut-bellied seed finch
chestnut-bellied seed finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Besagews, also spelled besagues, are a type of rondel designed to protect the armpits, as part of a harness of plate armour. The armpits are the location of the axillary arteries, and protecting them was therefore vital. Armour without besagues might employ larger shoulder defenses, such as winged pauldrons, or simply leave the mail beneath exposed.
References
Edge, David and Paddock, John (1988). Arms & Armor of the Medieval Knight, New York: Crescent Books.
Western plate armour
Poudre High School is located in Fort Collins, Colorado, United States. It is one of four comprehensive public senior high schools in the Poudre School District, established in 1963. The school serves approximately 1,900 students with the most northwestern part of Fort Collins and outlying communities as its boundary.
History
Building
Construction of Poudre High School was planned to reduce serious overcrowding at Fort Collins High School. The cornerstone of PHS was laid June 1, 1963 by the Grand Lodge Colorado, A.F. and A.M. The original building was 142,000 square feet, had 43 teaching stations, and housed 1,150 students from Fort Collins, Waverly, Wellington and LaPorte. Over the years the building increased in size to 170,000 square feet after several additions.
In 1993, provisions were made for a major remodeling of Poudre High School and Rocky Mountain High School, as well as the rebuilding of Fort Collins High School. Construction on PHS was completed in 1995 at a total cost of $14.1 million. The building is now 275,000 square feet, with 157,000 square feet remodeled. The new construction strives to provide daylight to as many interior spaces as possible; a centrally-located outdoor environmental learning center brings natural light to the heart of the building. Additional new features include 10 science labs, a media center, 14,000 square foot gymnasium, and an additional 100-seat auditorium.
Nine modular buildings are used as classroom space in addition to the main building. Growth in communities surrounding Fort Collins has pushed the school to capacity, reaching more than 90% capacity as of April 2015. A $375 bond has been proposed to build three new schools by 2020, which would help to crowd at PHS and expand school choice for prospective students.
Mascot
The first principal, Reid Pope, allowed the student body to pick the mascot. The students got the idea of the impala from a National Geographic article, becoming the only high school in the United States to have an impala mascot. Dr. Robert Parke donated an impala taxidermy to the school after a safari in Africa. The impala is currently encased in the school's entrance.
Artworks
Mural
In the 1970s, four students created a mural along the 100 hallway, in the lower level of the building, that symbolizes a student's journey through high school, focusing on the Beatles' musical transition as its theme, highlighting the progression toward increased individuality in both cases. One former principal censored a part of the mural, depicting a seven-foot tall woman smoking a two-foot long cigarette.
River Wall sculpture
To celebrate the school's 30th anniversary and near-completion of the new building, the class of 1994 gave a class gift of the "River Wall" sculpture. The artwork consists of 22 bronze plaques by four alumni artists: Bruce Gueswel, class of 1980; Barbara (Lillyblade) Breen, class of 1969; Christine (Lillyblade) Martell, class of 1967; and Jerry Hubka, class of 1966. Above the plaques reads the quote "Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it." by Norman Maclean, from his semi-autobiographical novel A River Runs Through It and Other Stories. The sculpture is visible through the entrance along the curved wall of the new Media Center.
Racing the Wind Bronze Sculpture
In September 2002 the 1.5 X life size Bronze Sculpture of a running and leaping male and female Impala were installed near the main entrance to Poudre High School. The Sculpture was commissioned by Jerry Hubka (PHS Class of 1966) and PHS Art Department Teacher and Chairman for 29 years. The sculpture was purchased by a group of Poudre High School Alumni. The sculptor, Gary Hale from Tulsa, Oklahoma created the work and it was transported to Loveland Colorado and Cast in Bronze at Art Castings of Colorado.
Academics
PHS offers continuation of the International Baccalaureate (IB) Middle Years Program for grades 9–10 and Diploma Program for college-bound students in grades 11–12, offering the Middle Years Program since 2002 and the Diploma Program since 1995. It is one of around 20 high schools in the state that offer the program. The school also offers several Advanced Placement (AP) courses and exams.
Poudre was ranked yearly as one of the top high schools in the nation by Newsweek from 2003 to 2013. The scoring during this period was based on the Challenge Index, which is the number total number of AP and IB tests taken in the previous year divided by the number of graduating seniors. The scoring system was changed in 2014 to reflect several other factors and relied on public, rather than self-reported, data.
In 2016, three Poudre High School students earned a perfect ACT score, and 10 were named National Merit Semifinalists, the most of any other high school in the district for both categories.
Academic competitions
Alpine Robotics
In the 2002 FIRST Robotics Competition season, Poudre High School competed under the moniker "Alpine Robotics" as Team 159 at the Seattle regional competition. They won the coveted Chairman's Award, which is given to the team that shows outstanding local participation and team spirit. Alpine Robotics has since successfully gone to the FIRST Championship almost every year. In the 2010 FIRST Robotics competition, Breakaway, Team 159 earned the Outstanding Robot Design award. In recent events team 159 was a 2018 finalist in the Utah regional, also semifinalists in Colorado. As well as receiving the Woodie Flowers award for their mentor Mr. Baldo.
Awards
2001 – Best Design Award at San Jose Regional
2002 – Chairmans award at Seattle Regional, Fourth in division at Nationals
2004 – Regional Engineering Inspiration Award (Colorado Regional), Picked for Regional Finals (Colorado Regional)
2005 – Regional Finalist (Colorado Regional), Delphi Driving Tomorrow's Technology (Colorado Regional), Daimler-Chrysler Team Spirit (Colorado Regional)
2006 – Regional Chairman's Award (Colorado Regional), Radioshack Innovation In Control (Colorado Regional)
2007 – Regional Chairman's Award (Colorado Regional), Best Website Award (Colorado Regional)
2008 – Regional Chairman's Award (Colorado Regional)
2010 – Outstanding Robot Design Award (Colorado Regional)
2018 – Regional Finalist (Utah Regional), Woodie Flowers Award (Colorado Regional)
National Science Bowl
Poudre High School regularly competes in the National Science Bowl regionally in the Rocky Mountain Science Bowl Region. In 2003, Poudre was the first high school nationally to compete in the National Ocean Sciences Bowl, National Science Bowl, and National Science Olympiad. In 2004 Poudre became the first school in the nation to place in the top ten in all three nationals, finishing third in National Ocean Sciences Bowl, seventh in National Science Olympiad, and ninth in National Science Bowl. In 2007, Poudre High School's Science Bowl took first place in the nation, winning a trip to Sydney, Australia to attend the Professor Harry Messel International Science School.
Awards
Nationals
1st place – 2007
5th place – 2010
9th place (tie) – 2004
10th place (tie) – 2006
Regionals
1st place – 2008 (but unable to attend nationals due to a conflict with IB testing)
1st and 5th places – 2006
2nd place – 2009
2nd and 5th places – 2005
3rd place – 2014
National Ocean Sciences Bowl
In the National Ocean Sciences Bowl competition of 2006, the school took second place in competition with many schools from coastal states, besting its previous third-place finish in 2004. Poudre High School also competes in the Trout Bowl Regional Competition.
Awards
Nationals
2nd place – 2006
3rd place – 2004
9th place – 2013
7th place – 2010
Regionals
1st place – 2008
1st and 4th places – 2006
1st and 3rd places – 2007
2nd place – 2009
2nd place – 2012
Science Olympiad
The Science Olympiad team has placed at the national level. They conduct research and participate in self-study programs in order to prepare themselves for the competition.
Awards
4th place in nationals – 2008
5th place in nationals – 2002
6th place in nationals – 2003
7th place in nationals – 2004
9th place in nationals – 2007
12th place in nationals – 2006
12th place in nationals – 2005
12th place in nationals – 2009
12th place in nationals – 2010
Athletics
Colorado state championships
Football: 1969
Softball: 1991
Boys' cross-country: 1968 and 1990
Girls' cross-country: 1993, 1994, and 1995
Boys' soccer: 2004
Girls' soccer: 1995 and 1996
Girls' swimming: 1993
Other honors and achievements
Jacob Greenwood won four individual state titles in Boys Wrestling from 2015 to 2018.
In 1994 the girls' cross county team won the National AAU Championship. They placed 1–2–5–7 and 11th. for a score of 26 points. The Race was held in Hammond, Indiana.
In 2005, the cheerleading team finished third in the 5A co-ed division at CHSAA's annual cheerleading state competition held in Denver, Colorado. The team later finished third at a national competition in Las Vegas, Nevada. The team also placed in the top ten in later years at the CHSAA State competition, winning seventh place in 2006 and ninth place in 2007.
Poudre High School also hosts a robust unified sports program, with teams made up of athletes with and without disabilities. Along with flag football, the school has a unified basketball team, which regularly draws as many or more fans than typical basketball games.
Food truck
Students enrolled in catering classes at Poudre High School, along with catering teacher Cathy Toplyn and approval from the principal, successfully raised $35,000 through crowd funding to launch a food truck operation in 2015. The project ties in with an option for concurrent enrollment in culinary classes at Front Range Community College, and Toplyn views the food truck project as a pathway for students interested in a career in the culinary arts to learn business and entrepreneurship skills. After securing health department approval along with the necessary city and state retail licenses, Toplyn planned to have the truck serve at school athletic events, but, beginning in the summer of 2016, it will also function as a Kids Cafe (a program of the Food Bank for Larimer County), serving meals to low-income children ages 5–18.
Literary arts magazine
Kaleidoscope is Poudre High School's award-winning literary arts magazine, publishing student work. It is available as a class during second semester during 8th period.
Awards
American Scholastic Press Association (ASPA)
First Place with Special Merit – 1999, 2001–2005, 2006, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2014
First Place – 1998, 2000, 2013, 2015
Second Place – 1997
Most Outstanding High School Literary Art Magazine – 2003, 2007, 2012, 2014
Outstanding Art – 1998, 1999, 2004, 2014
National Council of Teachers of English (NCTE)
Highest Award – 1998, 1999, 2000
Superior Award – 1996, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005
Excellent Award – 1997
Music department
The choir, band, and orchestra have played at Carnegie Hall.
Poudre's Jazz I ensemble attended the 2013 New York City Jazz festival. The group played in the Allen Room at Jazz at Lincoln Center. Jazz I have also attended Crescent City Jazz Festival in New Orleans and played at Preservation Hall.
Poudre's Impalaphonics choir ensemble performed in New York at Carnegie Hall with Manhattan Concert Productions in March 2014.
Theatre
Poudre's theatre program is recognized on the world level. Poudre was invited to attend the "Fringe" festival in Edinburgh, Scotland in the summer of 2006. However, due to lack of funding, the theatre students were unable to participate in the event.
The Thespians also run an improvisation troupe, Playwrighting Club and the "Theatre in the Classroom Program". The program continues to produce some of the highest quality plays and musicals in Colorado. Musical productions have included Fiddler on the Roof (1994), Anything Goes (1998), Annie Get Your Gun (1999), Carousel and Pippin (2000), Guys and Dolls (2002 and 1996), Crazy for You (2003), Damn Yankees (2004), 42nd Street (2005), Oklahoma! (2006 and 1995), Once Upon a Mattress (2007), and Seussical (2008). Recent plays have spanned several genres: the French story of Cyrano de Bergerac (2004), Aristophanes' ancient Greek comedy The Birds (2005), the American classic Our Town (2006), Bertolt Brecht's The Caucasian Chalk Circle (2007), the melodrama Under the Gaslight (2008).
In the summer of 2006, PHS housed an innovative new program called "Shakespeare in the Summer". This was a summer intensive open to all Poudre School District students from grades 7–12 in which students studied and produced a Shakespearean piece under the guidance of a guest director.
Notable alumni
Serena M. Auñón, astronaut
Sam Carlson, free agent for the Tennessee Titans and former Colorado State University offensive lineman
Erin Macdonald, astrophysicist and science consultant for the Star Trek franchise
Christopher Mykles, known professionally as MonteCristo, League of Legends commentator and team owner
Deric Yaussi, professional football kicker
References
Educational institutions established in 1963
Public high schools in Colorado
International Baccalaureate schools in Colorado
Schools in Larimer County, Colorado
Education in Fort Collins, Colorado
1963 establishments in Colorado
A Master of Science in Data Science is an interdisciplinary degree program designed to provide studies in scientific methods, processes, and systems to extract knowledge or insights from data in various forms, either structured or unstructured, similar to data mining.
Overview
As an area of expertise and field, data science is defined as a "concept to unify statistics, data analysis and their related methods" in order to "understand and analyze actual phenomena" with data. It employs techniques and theories drawn from many fields within the broad areas of mathematics, statistics, information science, and computer science, in particular from the subdomains of machine learning, statistical classification, cluster analysis, data mining, databases, and visualization.
The degree is relatively new, with graduate schools, business schools, and data science centers often housing the programs. Data science degree programs have emerged to address the growing and unique need for data scientists who can provide insight into multiple organizational issues and interests across several disciplines.
When Harvard Business Review called data scientist "The Sexiest Job of the 21st Century" the term became a buzzword, and is now often applied to business analytics, or even arbitrary use of data, or used as a term for statistics. While many university programs now offer a data science degree, there exists no consensus on a definition or curriculum contents.
Data scientist was listed as the "Best Job in America" for both 2016 and 2017 by employment website Glassdoor. It was also listed by Forbes as the top job for work–life balance.
Some degree programs focus squarely on the science of data analysis and statistics (mathematical, statistical, computational and programming skills) and allow for exploration of electives focused on special areas of interest, such as Stanford University's MS in Data Science. Some degree programs can be found within an institution's school of Engineering, Computer Science or Statistics department. Other institutions may take an interdisciplinary approach to the degree, bringing a pairing of data science and a specific application, e.g., Biostatistics, Cybersecurity or Marketing, such as the University of Connecticut's Master of Science in Data Science or Columbia University's Data Science Institute.
Master in Data Science programs
Australia
James Cook University
Macquarie University
Monash University
Queensland University of Technology
University of Melbourne
University of New England (Australia)
University of New South Wales
University of Newcastle (Australia)
University of Queensland
University of Sydney
University of Technology Sydney
University of Western Australia
Western Sydney University
United States
Boston University
Brown University
Cabrini University
Carnegie Mellon University
Columbia University
Cornell University
Duke University
Drexel University
Tufts University
Harvard University
Illinois Institute of Technology
Indiana University, Bloomington
Johns Hopkins University
Lewis University
Merrimack College
National University, California
New Jersey Institute of Technology
New York University
North Carolina State University
Northwestern University
Rutgers University
Saint Peter's University
Southern Methodist University
Stanford University
Syracuse University
University of California, Berkeley
University of Colorado Boulder
University of Connecticut
University of California, San Diego
University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign
University of Michigan
University of Minnesota - Twin Cities
University of St. Thomas
University of Pennsylvania
University of Rochester
University of Southern California
University of Virginia
University of Wisconsin
Utica College
Canada
McGill University
Ryerson University
University of Alberta
University of British Columbia
University of Calgary
University of the Fraser Valley
United Kingdom
City University London
Coventry University
De Montfort University
Goldsmiths, University of London
Imperial College London
Newcastle University
Robert Gordon University
Royal Holloway, University of London
University College London
University of Bristol
University of Dundee
University of East Anglia
University of East London
University of Essex
University of Greenwich
University of Liverpool
University of Manchester
University of St. Andrews
University of Warwick
Ireland
Dublin Institute of Technology
Institute of Technology Blanchardstown
University College Cork
It Carlow
Germany
Frankfurt School of Finance & Management
RWTH Aachen University
Friedrich–Alexander University Erlangen–Nürnberg (FAU)
France
Télécom Paris Tech
Télécom SudParis
ESSEC Business School
Denmark
Aalborg University
Mexico
Universidad Tecnológica Latinoamericana
New Zealand
University of Auckland
University of Canterbury
University of Otago
Hong Kong
City University of Hong Kong
Chinese University of Hong Kong
University of Hong Kong
References
Data Science, Master in
Melbourne Burning is a 1946-1947 painting by Australian artist Arthur Boyd. It has been described as "his apocalyptic image of Melbourne burning, like a Biblical narrative in the context of the second world war". The painting has been reported to have displayed in the Perth office of Robert Holmes à Court. It was purchased by David Walsh for AUD 3.2 million. It is "one of Walsh's favourite works". The painting is the collection of the Museum of Old and New Art.
References
Australian paintings
Anbarkeh (, also Romanized as ‘Anbarkeh) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 331, in 92 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Richard Elliot Haynes (born 18 April 1983) is an Australian clarinettist residing in Switzerland. He performs music spanning the 16th to 21st centuries worldwide, but predominantly music by living composers, in a multitude of contexts.
Education
Haynes was born in Brisbane, Australia. He received piano lessons from 1989, and from 1992 viola and later clarinet lessons, graduating from high school in 2000. From 2000 to 2003 he studied clarinet, bass clarinet with Floyd Williams, Brian Catchlove and Diana Tolmie at Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University in Brisbane where he also obtained a Bachelor of Music in 2006. From 2006 to 2008 he continued his studies with Ernesto Molinari and Donna Wagner-Molinari at the University of the Arts Bern, where he studied classical and contemporary music, receiving a Soloist Diploma in clarinet with distinction. From 2008 to 2012, he held a clarinet research fellowship at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology. This involved research into contemporary sounds and works for clarinet and electronics, in collaboration with the Australian ELISION Ensemble. From 2015 to 2018, he attended a Contemporary Arts Practice (sound arts, performance art and composition) at the Bern University of the Arts.
Awards
During his studies Haynes received the following awards:
2000: Queensland Young Instrumentalist of the Year
2003: Australian Young Performer of the Year
2004: APRA AMC Art Music Award 2004: Best Performance of Australian Music
2005: City of Brisbane Cultural Scholarship 2004
2006: Cultural Scholarship of the Goethe-Institut Melbourne for Cultural Excellence
2008: Music Award of the Eduard Tschumi Foundation
2008: Australian Research Council Linkage Scholarship (APAI)
2009: First prize of the Fondation Nicati Concours (National: Switzerland).
2009: Australian Research Council (APAI)
Activity as a clarinetist
Haynes appeared in his solo debut with the Queensland Symphony Orchestra at the age of 17 with the Clarinet Concerto by John Veale, going on to perform further concertos by Aaron Copland, W. A. Mozart, Peter Rankine, Michael Smetanin, Nigel Westlake and Iannis Xenakis. Since completing his studies in Brisbane, he has performed regularly in Europe, the United States, Asia, Australia and New Zealand. He has performed as soloist, chamber and orchestral musician at many of the major Australian, American and European classical and contemporary music festivals, including the international arts festivals of Adelaide, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney, Budapest, Paris and Warsaw, as well as the Lucerne Festival, the Holland Festival, MaerzMusik Berlin, Festival Archipel Geneva, Vienna Modern, Salzburg Festivals and Lincoln Center Festival New York City.
As an orchestral musician, Haynes has been engaged by the SWR and WDR Symphony Orchestras, Basel Sinfonietta, Theaterorchester Hagen and the Queensland Symphony Orchestra. He has had the opportunity to perform as a soloist with the Christchurch, Queensland, Melbourne and Tasmanian Symphony Orchestras, the RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra (Dublin) and the Bern Symphony Orchestra.
Since 2005 he has been a member of the Australian international contemporary music ensemble, ELISION. 2007 saw the foundation of chamber music ensemble, Præsenz and in 2012 and 2013 he began working with Manufaktur für Aktuelle Musik and Ensemble Proton Bern respectively. The reed quintet BlattWerk was founded in 2016 with which Haynes has performed throughout Switzerland. Haynes was a temporary member of 175 East (Auckland) and Stroma (Wellington) from 2007-2011. He also has performed with CIKADA (Oslo), Collegium Novum Zürich, Ensemble Garage (Cologne), Ensemble Modern (Frankfurt am Main), Ensemble Musikfabrik (Cologne), Ensemble oh-ton (Oldenburg), Ensemble Phoenix (Basel), Ensemble Resonanz (Hamburg), Ensemble risonanze erranti (Munich) and Klangforum Wien (Vienna).
Haynes has enjoyed temporary or contract employment, providing solo recitals, lectures and coachings for providing clarinet and chamber music at the music universities of University of California, Berkeley, Canterbury University, Christchurch, Griffith University, Queensland Conservatorium, Harvard University, Cambridge, Huddersfield University, Huddersfield, University of Melbourne, Parkville, Stanford University, Stanford, Sydney Conservatorium, University of Sydney, California Institute of the Arts, New Zealand School of Music the State University of Music and Performing Arts Stuttgart. He was engaged as soloist for Brian Ferneyhough's La Chute d'Icare for the "Campus Conducting" programme at the Hochschule für Musik Dresden and performed this work with 28 different conductors. Haynes is a teacher of the master classes for contemporary music at the isa - International Summer Academy of the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna.
New Works for clarinet
New works for clarinet have been written for him and dedicated to him by Samuel Andreyev, Trevor Bača, Richard Barrett, Aaron Cassidy, Robert Dahm, Chris Dench, Walter Feldmann, Füsun Köksal, Liza Lim, Timothy McCormack, Michael Norris, Enno Poppe, Nemanja Radivojević, Rebecca Saunders, Dominique Schafer and Jeroen Speak. He has performed in major instrumental, operatic or theatrical works such as CONSTRUCTION and Opening of the Mouth by Richard Barrett, Written on Skin by George Benjamin, EvE & ADINN by Sivan Cohen Elias, BEGEHREN by Beat Furrer, Par-Ze-Fool by Bernhard Lang, Moon Spirit Feasting and The Navigator by Liza Lim, Delusion of the Fury by Harry Partch, Chroma and Stasis by Rebecca Saunders, El Publico by Mauricio Sotelo and KLANG: Die 24 Stunden des Tages by Karlheinz Stockhausen.
World premieres of solo works (selection)
Samuel Andreyev – A Line Alone (for clarinet d'amore)
Trevor Bača – MYRKR (for bass clarinet)
Richard Barrett – the book of caverns (for clarinet in E-flat)
Jesse Broekman – to cause bones to be (for contrabass clarinet)
Robert Dahm – I watched you as you disappeared (for bass clarinet)
Chris Dench – ghosts of motion (for clarinet d'amore)
Walter Feldmann – …süsses Unheil… (for clarinet d'amore)
James Gardner (musician) – Carica d'amore (for clarinet d'amore)
Jonah Haven – huso huso (for clarinet d'amore)
Richard Haynes – bouteille, clarinette, violon, journal, verre (for 1 performer)
Füsun Köksal – voce immobile (for bass clarinet)
Alan Lawrence – Composition with Eames Chair (for clarinet in B-flat)
Liza Lim – Sonorous Body (for clarinet in B-flat)
Timothy McCormack – RAW MATTER (for bass clarinet)
Dugal McKinnon – Nowdrifts (for bass clarinet and fixed media)
Manuela Meier – iterate no trace (for bass clarinet)
Rachael Morgan – Matahourua (for bass clarinet)
Michael Norris – De corporis fabrica (for amplified clarinet in B-flat)
Timothy O'Dwyer – transbraxton II (for bass clarinet)
Enno Poppe – Holz solo (for bass clarinet)
Sean Quinn – incubation (for clarinet d'amore)
Nemanja Radivojevic – …prepozanćeš me po sjaju… (for bass clarinet)
Matthias Renau – Schattenlinie (for clarinet d'amore)
David Young – Breath Control (for amplified clarinet in B-flat)
World premieres of ensemble works (selection)
Samuel Andreyev – Sonata da camera (for ensemble)
Richard Barrett – Hypnerotomachia (for two clarinets in A)
Pierre Boulez arr. Johannes Schöllhorn – 12 Notations (for ensemble)
Aaron Cassidy – And the scream, Bacon's scream, is the operation through which the entire body escapes through the mouth (for ensemble)
David Chisholm – The Beginning and the End of the Snow (for mezzo soprano, clarinet/bass clarinet, viola, violoncello, piano/harpsichord/celeste, harp)
Ann Cleare – to another of that other (for trio)
Chris Dench – sum over histories (for bass & contrabass clarinets)
James Dillon – theatrum : figuræ (for ensemble)
Turgut Erçetin – Resonances (for ensemble)
Brian Ferneyhough – Finis Terrae (for voices & ensemble)
Bernhard Gander – Bunny Games (for ensemble)
Georg Friedrich Haas – Ich suchte, aber ich fand ihn nicht (for ensemble)
Sam Hayden – misguided (for quartet)
Christian Henking – Change (for ensemble)
Justin Hoke – thane (for bass & contrabass clarinets)
Evan Johnson – Apostrophe I (all communication is a form of complaint) (for two bass clarinets)
Mauricio Kagel – In der Matratzengruft (for voice & ensemble)
Dominik Karski – The Source Within (for ensemble)
Tobias Krebs – REFRACTIONS (for ensemble)
Catherine Lamb – Curva triangulus (for ensemble)
Bernhard Lang – Das Hirn (for soprano and ensemble)
Bernhard Lang – Par-ze-fool (opera)
David Lang – hammerspace (for ensemble)
Liza Lim – The Navigator (opera)
Timothy McCormack – KILN I (for trio)
Hector Parra – Un souffle en suspens (for ensemble)
Enno Poppe – Filz (for viola & ensemble)
Edward Rushton – What you can see (for clarinet & string quartet)
Rebecca Saunders – Aether (for two bass clarinets)
Dominique Schafer – Vers une présence réelle… (for ensemble)
Mauricio Sotelo – El Público (opera)
Gérard Zinsstag – Vier Affekte (for ensemble)
Instruments
Richard Haynes owns and plays the following clarinets :
E-flat clarinet (Selmer), C clarinet (Noblet), B/A clarinets (Schwenk & Seggelke),
Clarinet d'amore in G (Seggelke clarinets) and basset horn in F (Leblanc),
Bass clarinet in B (Selmer), contralto clarinet in E-flat (Leblanc) and contralto bass clarinet in B (Leblanc).
Discography
There are approximately 40 CD recordings by Haynes, details of which are listed on his website.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University alumni
Australian clarinetists
Musicians from Brisbane
Australian classical musicians
21st-century Australian male musicians
21st-century Australian musicians
The yellow-bellied tyrannulet (Ornithion semiflavum) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Belize, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and heavily degraded former forest.
References
yellow-bellied tyrannulet
Birds of Central America
yellow-bellied tyrannulet
yellow-bellied tyrannulet
yellow-bellied tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jakarta! is the first novel by writer Christophe Dorigné-Thomson, published by the Indonesian media conglomerate Kompas Gramedia Group in 2012.
Jakarta! was widely promoted in the media and endorsed by major Indonesian figures such as businessman and owner of football club Inter Milan Erick Thohir, businessman and politician Sandiaga Uno, politician Irman Gusman, Minister of Education Anies Baswedan and actor Rio Dewanto.
The novel tells the story of a young European who travels the world on missions paid by governments or multinationals to kill high-level targets. The book is, in fact, a disguised essay on geopolitical shifts and their consequences.
The author's second book, WNI Dilarang Baca!, was published by Mizan Group in 2015.
References
External links
www.gramediapustakautama.com/buku-detail/86284/Jakarta!
Spy novels
2012 novels
Indonesian novels
Charlotte Lucie Marie Adèle Stephanie Adrienne Faës (20 March 1865 – 14 October 1956), known by her stage name Jeanne d'Alcy or Jehanne d'Alcy, was a French film actress.
Biography
D'Alcy had achieved success in theatrical productions by 1896, but left the stage to devote herself to film, becoming one of the first performers to do so.
Born in Vaujours, Seine-Saint-Denis, she appeared in Le Manoir du diable (1896), Jeanne d'Arc (1900) and Le Voyage dans la lune (1902). She died in Versailles at age 91. She was portrayed by actress Helen McCrory in Martin Scorsese's 2011 film Hugo.
She was the wife of French cinema pioneer Georges Méliès from 1925 until his death in 1938. D'Alcy died at the age of 91 in 1956. She is buried with her husband in the Père-Lachaise cemetery.
Selected filmography
Le Manoir du diable (1896)
Escamotage d'une dame au théâtre Robert Houdin (1896) – Woman
Après le bal (1897) – Woman
Jeanne d'Arc (1899)
Cendrillon (1899) – Fairy Godmother
Cléopâtre (1899) – Cleopatre
Barbe-bleue (1901) – Le nouvelle épouse de Barbe-bleue
Le Voyage dans la lune (1902) (uncredited)
Le Grand Méliès (1952) – herself
Bibliography
References
External links
1865 births
1956 deaths
French stage actresses
French film actresses
French silent film actresses
People from Seine-Saint-Denis
20th-century French actresses
19th-century French actresses
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
Muses
Igor Majcen (born August 24, 1969 in Ljubljana) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia. He is a three-time Olympian, making his debut in 1988 for FR Yugoslavia.
His best Olympic result was finishing in sixth place in the men's 1500 m freestyle event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He was named Slovenian Sportsman of the Year in 1993, after having won the bronze medal in the men's 1500 m freestyle event at the 1993 European LC Championships in Sheffield.
References
1969 births
Living people
Slovenian male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Slovenia
Olympic swimmers of Yugoslavia
Swimmers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Yugoslav male freestyle swimmers
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Swimmers at the 1987 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
Chota Gamahria (also spelled Gamharia or Gamaria) is a census town in the Adityapur CD block in the Seraikela Sadar subdivision of the Seraikela Kharsawan district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
Geography
Location
Chota Gamaria is located at .
Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration
With its recognition as an industrial town as early as the 1911 census, Jamshedpur was set on the road of steady population growth, as large number of emigrants flocked in for work opportunities. While in the earlier decades the central nucleus grew, in the later decades towns around Jamshedpur grew rapidly. In 2011, Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration included 13 urban centres, with a total population of 1.3 million people. However, in more recent years, Jamshedpur UA “has lacked the growth and development observed around other similar industrial towns in western and southern India.”
Note: The map alongside presents the Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Civic administration
There is a police station at Gamharia.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Chota Gamahria had a total population of 7,505, of which 4,033 (54%) were males and 3,472 (46%) were females. Population in the age range 0-6 years was 970. The total number of literate persons in Chota Gamahria was 5,782 (88.48% of the population over 6 years).
(*For language details see Adityapur block#Language and religion)
Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration includes: Jamshedpur (Industrial Town), Jamshedpur (NAC), Tata Nagar Railway Colony (OG), Mango (NAC), Jugsalai (M), Bagbera (CT), Chhota Gobindpur (CT), Haludbani (CT), Sarjamda (CT), Gadhra (CT), Ghorabandha (CT), Purihasa (CT), Adityapur (M Corp.), Chota Gamahria (CT) and Kapali (CT).
Infrastructure
According to the District Census Handbook 2011, Seraikela Kharsawan, Chota Gamahria covered an area of . It has an annual rainfall of . Among the civic amenities, it had of roads with both closed and open drains. The protected water supply involved tube well/ bore well, hand pump, overhead tank. It had 1,588 domestic electric connections. Among the medical facilities, it had 5 hospitals, 1 dispensary, 1 health centre, 1 family welfare centre, 1 maternity and child welfare centre, 1 maternity home, 1 nursing home, 1 charitable hospital/ nursing home, 1 veterinary hospital, 4 medicine shops. Among the educational facilities it had 4 primary schools, 1 middle school, 1 secondary school, other educational facilities at Jamshedpur away. It had 1 polytechnic. Among social, cultural and recreational facilities, it had 1 cinema theatre, 1 auditorium/ community hall, 1 public library, 1 reading room. Three important commodities it produced were belled metal utensils, gold jewellery, mask making. It had the branch offices of 6 nationalised banks, 1 private commercial bank, 1 co-operative bank, 1 agricultural credit society.
Transport
There is a station at Gamharia on the Tatanagar-Bilaspur section of the Howrah-Nagpur-Mumbai line.
Education
Arka Jain University, is a private university at Mohanpur, Gamharia, established in 2011. It offers 25 courses across 10 streams.
MSME Tool Room (Indo Danish Tool Room), Jamshedpur Main Centre, located at Gamharia, offers diploma, certificate and skill development programmes.
XITE (Xavier Institute of Tribal Education) College was established at Gamharia by the Jamshedpur Jesuit Society in 2003 initially as a coaching centre, “but in 2007 it began to offer degree programmes BBA (Bachelor of Business Administration) and subsequently B.Com (Bachelor of Commerce Honors) and other programmes.” XITE College is one of the units of Xavier Colleges. It has a 34.5 acre campus with hostels, sports facilities etc. “The College provides additional facilities such as training in CAT, XAT, GMAT, Banking, Railway, Tally, and other competitive examinations to its students”.
Government High School at Chota Gamahria is a Hindi-medium coeducational institution established in 1960. It has facilities for teaching in classes IX and XII. The school has a playground.
References
Cities and towns in Seraikela Kharsawan district
The 2017 Clermont-Ferrand Sevens is the penultimate tournament of the 2017 Rugby Europe Grand Prix Series, hosted by Stade Gabriel Montpied at Clermont-Ferrand. It was held over the weekend of 1–2 July 2017. Ireland won the tournament, defeating Russia 17-14 in the final. With the tournament's conclusion, the two countries, as well as Spain, remain in the mix for qualification at the 2018 Rugby World Cup Sevens.
Teams
Pool Stage
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Knockout stage
Challenge Trophy
5th Place
Cup
Overall
References
External links
Official page
2017–18 in French rugby union
Rugby sevens competitions in France
Grand Prix 3
International rugby union competitions hosted by France
Mucilaginibacter angelicae is a Gram-negative and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from the rhizosphere of the plant Angelica polymorpha.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter angelicae at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2012
The Kalinga Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Kalinga.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having four seats. A voter votes up to four names, with the top four candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Kalinga; unlike congressional representation which is at-large, Kalinga is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Kalinga's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Dave Odiem (Nacionalista)
References
Politics of Kalinga (province)
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Ndiaye is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Adama Ndiaye, Senegalese fashion designer, also known as Adama Paris
Aminata Mbengue Ndiaye, member of the Pan-African Parliament
Awa Dioum-Ndiaye (born 1961), Senegalese track and field athlete
Badara Ndiaye (born 1986), Senegalese visual concept developer and fashion designer
Fatou Ndiaye Sow (1937–2004), Senegalese poet, teacher and children's writer
Mamadou Bamba Ndiaye (1949–2020), Senegalese politician
Marie NDiaye (born 1967), French novelist and playwright
Papa Alioune Ndiaye (born 1990), Senegalese footballer
See also
N'Diaye (disambiguation)
Njie (disambiguation)
Serer surnames
USS Triton may refer to:
, a tug in commission from 1889 to 1930
, a tug that served briefly during 1918
, a submarine commissioned in 1940 and sunk in 1943
, later SSN-586, a submarine in commission from 1959 to 1969
See also
United States Navy ship names
The Premio Tudini is a Group 3 flat horse race in Italy open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Capannelle over a distance of 1,200 metres (about 6 furlongs), and it is scheduled to take place each year in May.
The event was formerly known as the Premio Melton, and it held Group 3 status for a period in the 1970s. It was promoted to Group 2 level in 1979.
The Premio Melton was subtitled the Memorial Tudini during the 1990s. It was relegated back to Group 3 status in 1996. It was run as the Premio Tudini Piero e Ugo in the early 2000s, and it subsequently became the Premio Tudini.
The Premio Tudini is currently staged at the same meeting as the Derby Italiano.
Records
Most successful horse since 1975:
Tres Gate – 1981, 1982
St Paul House – 2004, 2005
Leading jockey since 1987 (4 wins):
Michael Kinane – Ginny Binny (1987), Edy Bedy (1988), Beat of Drums (1996), St Paul House (2004)
Leading trainer since 1987 (2 wins):
Roberto Brogi – Fred Bongusto (1994), Per Incanto (2007)
Armando Renzoni – Armando Carpio (1997), Kuaicoss (2006)
Riccardo Menichetti - Pleasure Place (2003), United Color (2012)
Daniele Camuffo - St Paul House (2004), Victory Laurel (2013)
Vincenzo Fazio - Omaticaya (2014), Plusquemavie (2016)
Winners since 1987
Earlier winners
1975: Red Gift
1976: Policrock
1977: Madang
1978: Dublin Taxi
1979: Tanfirion
1980: Northjet
1981: Tres Gate
1982: Tres Gate
1983: Snatch and Run
1984: Forzando
1985: Gaius
1986: Tinterosse
See also
List of Italian flat horse races
References
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , ,
capannelleippodromo.it – Albo d'Oro – Premio Tudini.
galopp-sieger.de – Premio Tudini (ex Premio Melton).
horseracingintfed.com – International Federation of Horseracing Authorities – Premio Tudini (2016).
pedigreequery.com – Premio Tudini – Roma Capannelle.
Horse races in Italy
Open sprint category horse races
Sports competitions in Rome
, also known as Murase Shūho (村瀬 秀甫), was the first Japanese professional go player to have a reputation in the Western world.
Biography
A disciple in the Hon'inbō house, he founded the Hoensha institution and taught the game of Go to a German visitor by the name of Oskar Korschelt. Korschelt later was the first person to spread and popularize Go to any effect, in a non-Asian country. Shūho became the 18th Hon'inbō in 1886.
Shūho became a student in the Hon'inbō house at the age of seven and was awarded a 1-dan rank in 1848, reaching 6-dan in 1861. He was the strongest Hon'inbō disciple after Shūsaku, and Shūwa wanted to make him his heir when Shūsaku died, but Jōwa's widow blocked this plan. He became head of the Hoensha in 1879. Shūho published the famous book Hoen Shinpo in 1882, which outlined the Meiji era fuseki. After a rapprochement between the Hoensha and the Honinbo house in 1886, Shūei promoted Shūho to 8-dan and stepped aside to allow him to become head of the Hon'inbō house. Shūho died only three months after becoming Hon'inbō. In the last few years of his life he was the strongest player in Japan.
1838 births
1886 deaths
Japanese Go players
The third season of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants, created by Stephen Hillenburg, aired on Nickelodeon from October 5, 2001, to October 11, 2004, and consists of 20 half-hour episodes. The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom. The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg, who also acted as the showrunner. Hillenburg halted production on the show to work on the 2004 film adaptation of the series, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. After production on the film, Hillenburg resigned from the show as its showrunner, and appointed staff writer Paul Tibbitt to overtake the position. Season 3 was originally set to be the final season of the series, with the film acting as a series finale, but the success prevented the series from ending, leading to a fourth season.
The season received acclaim from media critics and fans. During its run, SpongeBob SquarePants became (and remains) the highest rated children's show on cable, with over 50 million viewers a month. The show received several recognitions, including its nomination at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children's Program. The episodes "New Student Starfish" and "Clams" were nominated for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour) category, while the entry "SpongeBob B.C. (Ugh)" was also nominated for the same category. The season was also the first time the show received a nomination at the Kids' Choice Awards and won. It won the 2003 Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon, and also won the following year's Kids' Choice Award for the same category. Celebrities—including Justin Timberlake, Kelly Osbourne, Britney Spears, Bruce Willis, Noel Gallagher, Dr. Dre, and Mike Myers—have been reported to be fans of the show.
Several compilation DVDs that contained episodes from the season were released. The SpongeBob SquarePants: The Complete 3rd Season DVD was released in Region 1 on September 27, 2005, Region 2 on December 3, 2007, and Region 4 on November 8, 2007.
Production
The season aired on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom, and was produced by United Plankton Pictures and Nickelodeon Animation Studio. The season's executive producer was series creator Stephen Hillenburg, who also functioned as the showrunner. During production of the previous season, Nickelodeon already picked up a third season for SpongeBob SquarePants on September 20, 2000, due to the show's high ratings across basic cable television. It premiered more than a year later, on October 5, 2001.
In 2002, Hillenburg and the show's staff members decided to stop making episodes to work on the 2004 film The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, after completing production of the third season. As a result, the show went into a "self-imposed" two-year hiatus on television. During the break, Nickelodeon expanded the programming for the third season to cover the delay, however, according to Nickelodeon executive Eric Coleman, "there certainly was a delay and a built-up demand." Nickelodeon announced nine "as-yet-unaired" (full) episodes would be shown. "The Sponge Who Could Fly" first aired during a two-hour "Sponge"-a-thon, while the other eight were broadcast subsequently.
Once the production on the film was completed, Hillenburg wanted to end the series "so the show wouldn't jump the shark", but Nickelodeon wanted to produce more episodes. Hillenburg said "Well, there was concern when we did the movie [in 2004] that the show had peaked. There were concerns among executives at Nickelodeon." Hillenburg resigned as the series' showrunner, and appointed Paul Tibbitt, who previously served as the show's supervising producer, writer, director, and storyboard artist, to overtake the role. Hillenburg considered Tibbitt one of his favorite members of the show's crew, and "totally trusted him." Tibbitt still holds the showrunner position and also functions as an executive producer. Hillenburg no longer wrote or directly ran the show on a day-to-day basis, but reviewed each episode and delivered suggestions. He said "I figure when I'm pretty old I can still paint[...] I don't know about running shows." Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, and the rest of the crew confirmed they had completed four new episodes for broadcast on Nickelodeon in early 2005, and planned to finish about 20 total for the then-fourth season.
Animation was handled overseas in South Korea at Rough Draft Studios. Animation directors credited with episodes in the third season included Sean Dempsey, Andrew Overtoom, Frank Weiss, and Tom Yasumi. Episodes were written by a team of writers, which consisted of Walt Dohrn, C.H. Greenblatt, Sam Henderson, Kaz, Jay Lender, Joe Liss (The Great Snail Race only), Mark O'Hare, Kent Osborne, Aaron Springer, Paul Tibbitt, and Merriwether Williams. The season was storyboarded by Zeus Cervas, Dohrn, Greenblatt, Henderson, Kaz, Chuck Klein, Carson Kugler, Lender, Heather Martinez, Caleb Meurer, O'Hare, Osborne, Dan Povenmire, William Reiss, Mike Roth, Springer, Tibbitt, and Wiese.
Cast
The third season featured Tom Kenny as the voice of the title character SpongeBob SquarePants and his pet snail Gary. SpongeBob's best friend, a starfish named Patrick Star, was voiced by Bill Fagerbakke, while Rodger Bumpass played the voice of Squidward Tentacles, an arrogant and ill-tempered octopus. Other members of the cast were Clancy Brown as Mr. Krabs, a miserly crab obsessed with money and SpongeBob's boss at the Krusty Krab; Mr. Lawrence as Plankton, a small green copepod and Mr. Krabs' business rival; Jill Talley as Karen, Plankton's sentient computer sidekick; Carolyn Lawrence as Sandy Cheeks, a squirrel from Texas; Mary Jo Catlett as Mrs. Puff, SpongeBob's boating school teacher; and Lori Alan as Pearl, a teenage whale who is Mr. Krabs' daughter.
In addition to the regular cast members, episodes feature guest voices from many ranges of professions, including actors and musicians. Former McHale's Navy actors Ernest Borgnine and Tim Conway returned in the episode "Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy IV", reprising their roles as Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy, respectively. Borgnine and Conway reappeared in the episode "Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy V", which was also guest starred by John Rhys-Davies as Man Ray, and Martin Olson as the Chief. Brian Doyle-Murray reprised his role as the Flying Dutchman for "Born Again Krabs". Radio disc jockey Rodney Bingenheimer guest starred in the episode "Krab Borg" as the DJ. In "Party Pooper Pants", American rock band the Cramps lead vocalist Lux Interior performed the voice of the lead singer of the all-bird rock band called the Bird Brains. Kevin Michael Richardson also appeared in the live action segments of the episode as King Neptune. Various other characters were voiced by Dee Bradley Baker, Steve Kehela, Frank Welker, and Thomas F. Wilson.
Reception
During its third season, SpongeBob SquarePants passed Rugrats and earned the title of being the highest rated children's show on cable, with a 6.7 rating and 2.2 million kids 2 to 11 in the second quarter of 2002, up 22% over 2001. Forbes called the show "a $1 billion honeypot," and said the show is "almost single-handedly responsible for making Viacom's Nickelodeon the most-watched cable channel during the day and the second most popular during prime time." It was also reported that of the 50 million viewers who watch it every month, 20 million are adults.
The season was acclaimed by media critics and fans. In 2002, the show itself was nominated at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children's Program. Its episodes "New Student Starfish" and "Clams" were nominated for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour) category, while the entry "Ugh" was also nominated for the same category. The show also won the Television Critics Association Awards for Outstanding Achievement in Youth Programming. The season was also the first time the show received a nomination at the Kids' Choice Awards and won. In 2003, the show won the 2003 Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon, and also won the succeeding year's Kids' Choice Award for the same category. At the 2003 Golden Reel Awards, the show won Best Sound Editing in Television Animation and Best Sound Editing in Television Animation — Music categories for the episodes "Nasty Patty"/"Idiot Box" and "Wet Painters"/"Krusty Krab Training Video", respectively. The episodes "The Great Snail Race" and "Mid-Life Crustacean" won at the 2004 Golden Reel Awards for "Best Sound Editing in Television Animation — Music", while the episode "Mid-Life Crustacean" itself received a nomination for "Best Sound Editing in Television Animation".
In his review for the DVD Verdict, Bryan Pope wrote that "the show's charm lies in the vast world of nautical nonsense" and that the show is "a world of aquanaut squirrels, clarinet-playing squids, underwater campfires, retired superheroes, plankton obsessed with world domination, and the most head-scratching family units I've ever come across (a crab and a puffer fish are parents to a teenage whale, while pint-sized Plankton is married to a no-nonsense computer named Karen)." Pope pointed out that the season "remains the high point for the series" as it had produced "classic" episodes such as "No Weenies Allowed", "SpongeBob Meets the Strangler", and "Krusty Krab Training Video". However, Pope described "The Lost Episode" as a "misstep" that "veers too far away from Bikini Bottom and into unfunny live-action territory." Furthermore, various celebrities—including Justin Timberlake, Kelly Osbourne, Britney Spears, Bruce Willis, Noel Gallagher, rapper Dr. Dre, and Mike Myers—were reported to be fans of the show. In 2002, fans of the show formed a "new religion"—the Church of SpongeBob SquarePants. The organization has more than 700 members. Its manifesto said it wanted to push "simple things like having fun and using your imagination", and even offered study courses on the show. A Nickelodeon spokesman said "SpongeBob's appeal is extraordinary."
The popularity of SpongeBob translated well into sales figures. In 2002, SpongeBob SquarePants dolls sold at a rate of 75,000 per week, which was faster than Tickle Me Elmo dolls were selling at the time. SpongeBob has gained popularity in Japan, specifically with Japanese women. Nickelodeon's parent company Viacom purposefully targeted marketing at women in the country as a method of the SpongeBob SquarePants brand. Skeptics initially doubted that SpongeBob could be popular in Japan as the character's design is very different from already popular designs for Hello Kitty and Pikachu. Nickelodeon also expanded the merchandising of the show, bringing it around $500 million revenue. It was reported that SpongeBob-themed goods were the best-selling character merchandise at Hot Topic store at Park City Center. T-shirts, pillows, shoelaces, pins, sunglasses, and air fresheners were sold "extremely well if they have SpongeBob's likeness on them," said Erin Aguirre, lead sales associate of Hot Topic. He added "[Customers] come in and they just jump right into it. "Did you see last week's episode?' They totally talk all about it, just that it's funny, that it's hilarious."
Moreover, the gay community had embraced the show, according to BBC Online. The Wall Street Journal also raised questions about SpongeBob and Patrick in a recent article that pointed up the show's popularity in the gay community. Tom Kenny, in response to the article, said "[I] felt the insinuation was a stretch." Kenny said "I had heard that gay viewers enjoy the show in the same way that lots of people—college students, parents and children—like the show[...] I thought it was rather silly to hang an entire article on that. I don't think it's a case of it being a gay-friendly show—It's a human-being-friendly show. They're all welcome." Hillenburg responded about the character's sexual orientation and stated that he is "[a] cheerful character [but] is not gay." He clarified that he considers the character to be "almost asexual". The show's popularity among gay men would become controversial. In 2005, a promotional video, which showed SpongeBob along with other characters from children's shows singing together to promote diversity and tolerance, was attacked by an evangelical group in the United States because they saw SpongeBob being used as an "advocate for homosexuality". James Dobson of Focus on the Family accused the makers of the video of "promoting homosexuality due to a pro-tolerance group sponsoring the video". After Dobson made the comments, Hillenburg repeated this assertion that sexual preference was never considered during the creation of the show. Tom Kenny and other production members were shocked and surprised that such an issue had arisen. Dobson later asserted that his comments were taken out of context and that his original complaints were not with SpongeBob, the video, or any of the characters in the video but with the organization that sponsored the video, We Are Family Foundation. Dobson indicated that the Are Family Foundation posted pro-homosexual material on their website, but later removed it.
Episodes
The episodes are ordered below according to Nickelodeon's packaging order, and not their original production or broadcast order.
DVD release
The DVD boxset for season three was released by Paramount Home Entertainment and Nickelodeon in the United States and Canada on September 27, 2005, almost a year after the season had completed broadcast on television. The DVD release features bonus materials including the pilot episode "Help Wanted" and featurettes.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Season 3 at Metacritic
2001 American television seasons
2002 American television seasons
2003 American television seasons
2004 American television seasons
SpongeBob SquarePants seasons
Jeremiah Okorodudu-Okoro (born 24 May 1959) is a Nigerian boxer. He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Nigerian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Nigeria
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Nigeria
Boxers at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Middleweight boxers
Natacha Michel is a French political activist, militant and writer, born in 1941. She has published a dozen novels and a growing body of literary criticism.
Michel was program director at the College International de Philosophie (1995–2001). She is the daughter of French film director and screenwriter André Michel.
L'Organisation Politique
Following the student uprisings of May 1968 in France, Michel was a founding member of the (UCFml). To quote Alain Badiou, the UCFml is "the Maoist organization established in late 1969 by Natacha Michel, Sylvain Lazarus, myself and a fair number of young people". Michel's commitment to political intervention did not waver in the following decades. She is a founding member (along with Badiou and Lazarus) of the militant French political organisation which called itself a post-party organization concerned with direct popular intervention in a wide range of issues (including immigration, labor, and housing). In addition to numerous writings and interventions since the 1980s, L'Organisation Politique has stressed the importance of developing political prescriptions concerning undocumented migrants (in France referred to as les sans papiers) and stresses that they must be conceived primarily as workers and not immigrants.
Selected publications
Ici commence, (Here begins), Gallimard, 1973.
La Chine européenne, (The China European) Gallimard, 1975.
Le repos de Penthésilée, (The rest of Penthesilea), Gallimard, 1980.
Impostures et séparations: 9 courts romans, (Impostures and separations, 9 short novels), Le Seuil, 1986.
(with Sylvain Lazarus) "Étude sur les formes de conscience et les représentations des OS des usines Renault". Rapport de recherche. Paris, CNRS, Régie nationale des usines Renault, 1986.
Canapé Est-Ouest, (Couch East-West), Le Seuil, 1989.
Le jour où le temps a attendu son heure, (The day the time has waited his time), Le Seuil, 1990.
Ciel éteint, (Ciel off), Le Seuil, 1995.
L'éducation de la poussière, (The education of dust), Le Seuil, 1998.
Autobiographie. Autobiography. Approche de l'ombre, Déploration à quatre voix, (Approaching the shadows, Déploration four votes), Verdier, 2001.
Laissez tomber l'infini, il revient par la fenêtre, (Forget the infinite, it is out of the window), Le Seuil, 2003.
Circulaire à toute vie humaine'', (Circular to all human life), Le Seuil, 2004.
References
1941 births
Living people
French non-fiction writers
French women novelists
French Marxists
French Maoists
20th-century French women writers
Communist women writers
John Lee Carroll (September 30, 1830February 27, 1911), a member of the United States Democratic Party, was the 37th Governor of Maryland from 1876 to 1880.
Early life
Carroll was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Col. Charles Carroll (b. 1801) and Mary Diggs Lee (b. 1800). Col. Charles Carroll was the great-grandson of Charles Carroll of Carrollton, (1737–1832), the only Catholic signer and longest living, last surviving signer of the Declaration of Independence. John Lee Carroll was also a great-grandson of Maryland's second (and seventh) Governor of Maryland, Thomas Sim Lee (1745–1819).
At the age of ten, in 1840, Carroll was sent to Mount Saint Mary's College in Frederick County's Emmitsburg, where he remained for two years. After leaving he attended Georgetown University in Georgetown, near Washington, D.C., and then the secular part of St. Mary's College, on North Paca Street in Baltimore, for another three years. Carroll then decided to enter the legal profession, and attended Harvard Law School of Harvard College, (now Harvard University), in Cambridge, Massachusetts, adjacent to Boston for two terms.
Career
After finishing schooling, Carroll worked as a student lawyer for the law office of Brown and Brune in Baltimore. He was admitted to the bar in 1851. Carroll practiced law in Maryland from 1854 until 1858. He ran as a Howard County Democratic candidate for the state General Assembly in 1854, (shortly after the separation of the former Howard or Western District of Anne Arundel County and the "erection"/establishment of Howard as the 22nd of the state's 23 counties), however losing to his opponent from the newly dominant "Know Nothing" Party (also known as the American Party) during the political crises of the 1850s. Carroll then moved to New York City and while there, accepted a position as deputy clerk and United States Commissioner in the office of the clerk of the United States District Court. He stayed there until 1861, at the outbreak of the Civil War, when he returned to Maryland, where he then remained the rest of his life. When he returned to Maryland, Carroll purchased the "Doughoregan Manor", historic family estate in Howard County, near Ellicott City from his older brother Charles Carroll.
Carroll was elected into the Maryland State Senate of the General Assembly of Maryland in 1867 and served two terms. He was elected President of the State Senate in 1874.
In 1875, Carroll became the Democratic Party nominee for Governor of Maryland, opposed by James Morrison Harris. He won by a 10,000-vote majority and was inaugurated as governor on January 12, 1876.
Strikes and unrest in 1877
The Great Railroad Strike of 1877 began with a sudden cut in wages by the B. & O. Railroad's Board of Directors and President John Work Garrett, which caused workers to walk off the job in Martinsburg, West Virginia, and spread nationwide to the rest of the B. & O., as well as several other lines. Governor Carroll called up the 5th and 6th Regiments of the Maryland National Guard to stop railroad workers from striking in Cumberland, Hagerstown and in Frederick County's shops and roundhouses at Brunswick. Once the news spread by telegraph east, it touched off riots in Baltimore at the Mount Clare Shops and the yards at the B. & O.'s Camden Street Station, headquarters of the line.
The National Guard attempted to march from their armories to Camden Station—the Fifth Regiment from the armory in the assembly hall above the Richmond Market along North Howard Street in the northwest city, and the Sixth from their armory at North Front and East Fayette Streets, near Jonestown/Old Town. The Fifth marched south down Howard Street and the Sixth attempted to march south on Front Street along the east bank of the Jones Falls for a few blocks then west on East Baltimore Street, through the middle of the downtown business district (and avoided the obvious associations of marching along the waterfront of Pratt Street, as the 6th Massachusetts Regiment did 16 years before, with its tragic memories). Despite this precaution, each regiment had to again literally fight its way through the streets of the city, attacked by projectiles, rocks and angry mobs the entire way. Conflict gripped the city and Governor Carroll was powerless to stem the tide. Later, additional reinforcements of Federal troops were called in by newly elected 19th President Rutherford B. Hayes to restore order in Baltimore.
Later career
In later years, Carroll served on the Howard County Board of Education and served in 1883 on an early grand jury that used both Caucasian and African American members.
Carroll was also a member of the District of Columbia Society of the Sons of the Revolution.
Marriage and children
Carroll was married twice, first to Anita Phelps (April 23, 1838 – March 24, 1873), daughter of Royal Phelps of New York, on April 24, 1856. They had nine children:
Charles Lee Carroll (October 5, 1857 – 1858)
Mary Louisa Carroll (b. May 26, 1859); married Comte Jean de Kergorlay, of France
Anita Maria Carroll (b. March 28, 1861); married Baron Louis de la Grange, of France
Royal Phelps Carroll (October 29, 1863 – 1922), attended Harvard College (class of 1885); married to Marion Langdon (1864–1949), daughter of Eugene and Harriet ( Lowndes) Langdon of New York and a descendant of John Jacob Astor, 1 daughter
Charles Carroll (January 12, 1865 – 1921); married Suzanne Bancroft (1865 – 1959), 1 son
Albert Henry Carroll (October 6, 1866 – 1867)
Mary Irene Carroll (March 3, 1869 – November 8, 1888)
John Lee Carroll (February 26, 1871 – c. 1895)
Mary Helen Carroll (b. 1873); married Herbert Robbins (1869 – 1946), no issue
Carroll was married secondly to Mary Carter Thompson (1847–1899), daughter of Judge Lucas P. Thompson, in April 1877 and had one son. As of 2012, Philip's grandchildren owned Doughoregan Manor, the family estate in Howard County.
Philip Acosta Carroll (b. May 10, 1879 – July 1957); married to Nina Ryan (1897 – 1989), 2 sons and 1 daughter
Mary Thompson's sister Caroline Thompson was married to John Lee's older brother, Charles Carroll (1828–1895).
Carroll died in Washington, D.C. and was buried at the New Cathedral Cemetery in Baltimore City, Maryland.
See also
Carroll family
References
External links
1830 births
1911 deaths
Governors of Maryland
Politicians from Baltimore
Presidents of the Maryland State Senate
Maryland state senators
John Lee
Lee family of Virginia
Georgetown University alumni
Maryland Democrats
Harvard Law School alumni
Democratic Party governors of Maryland
American Roman Catholics
John Elliott may refer to:
Entertainment
John Elliott (artist) (1858–1925), English artist
John Elliott (actor) (1876–1956), American actor
John M. Elliott Jr. (active since 1970), makeup artist
John Elliott (electronic musician) (born 1984), American electronic musician
Politics
John Elliott (Georgia politician) (1773–1827), U.S. Senator from Georgia
John Milton Elliott (1820–1879), legislator from Kentucky
John Campbell Elliott (1872–1941), Canadian lawyer and politician
John Banks Elliott (1917–2018), Ghana's ambassador to the USSR
John C. Elliott (1919–2001), Governor of American Samoa
John Elliott (New Zealand politician) (born 1938), New Zealand politician
Sports
John S. Elliott (1889–1950), American football coach
John Elliott (British boxer) (1901–1945), British boxer of the 1920s
John Elliott (Jamaican boxer) (1931–2015), Jamaican boxer
John Elliott (wrestler) (born 1934), Australian Olympic wrestler
John Elliott (cricketer) (born 1942), English cricketer
John Elliott (defensive lineman) (1944–2010), American football defensive tackle
John Elliott (golfer) (born 1963), American professional golfer
Jumbo Elliott (American football) (John Elliott, born 1965)
Other
John Elliott (physician) (fl. 1690), adherent of James II
John F. Elliott (1920–1991), American professor of metallurgy
John Elliott (historian) (1930–2022), British historian
John H. Elliott (biblical scholar) (1935–2020), New Testament scholar
John Elliott (architect) (1936–2010), English architect
John Elliott (businessman) (1941–2021), Australian businessman and prominent Liberal
See also
John Eliot (disambiguation)
John Elliot (disambiguation)
Jon Elliott (born 1947), radio presenter
Jack Elliott (disambiguation)
John D. Rosenberg (April 17, 1929 – 2019) was an American scholar of Victorian literature. He was William Peterfield Trent Professor of English at Columbia University.
Biography
Rosenberg was born in New York City on April 17, 1929, and attended Columbia College, where he worked as Lionel Trilling's research assistant during his senior year, serving as a courier between Trilling and Jacques Barzun in Hamilton Hall. He graduated from Columbia in 1951 and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and the Philolexian Society.
Rosenberg then won a Kellett Fellowship to Clare College, Cambridge, where he read English, and returned to Columbia for his Ph.D. in English. He was influenced by Jerome Hamilton Buckley and specialized in Victorian literature, completing his thesis on John Ruskin in 1960 that was promptly published by Columbia University Press as The Darkening Glass: a Portrait of Ruskin's Genius (1961).
He taught at the City College of New York and was appointed an assistant professor at Columbia in 1962 before becoming a full professor in 1967.
He received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1968. Rosenberg died in 2019 at age 90.
References
1929 births
2019 deaths
Fellows of the National Endowment for the Humanities
Columbia University faculty
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
City College of New York faculty
Alumni of Clare College, Cambridge
Maggie, Margie or Margaret Nichols may refer to:
Margaret Nichols (actress) (1891–1941), American 1910s silent film performer a/k/a Marguerite Nichols
Margaret Nichols, American romance novelist (List of Harlequin Romance novels released in 1949)
Margaret Nichols (animator) (c.1930–2012), American studio animator and animation director a/k/a Margaret Gruwell
Maggie Nichols (performer) (born 1948), Scottish free-jazz improvising vocalist and dancer a/k/a Maggie Nicols
Margaret Nichols, American psychotherapist and sex researcher since 1980s (Blanchard's transsexualism typology)
Margaret Nichols, American violinist in The Sapphire Trio (Clarinet-violin-piano trio#Current clarinet-violin-piano trio ensembles (2018)) a/k/a Margaret Nichols Baldridge
Margie Nichols, American TV reporter in 1987 (List of George Polk Award winners)
Maggie Nichols (gymnast) (born 1997), American artistic gymnast
See also
John T. and Margaret Nichols House, American structure on National Register since 2005
Eriophyidae is a family of more than 200 genera of mites, which live as plant parasites, commonly causing galls or other damage to the plant tissues and hence known as gall mites. About 3,600 species have been described, but this is probably less than 10% of the actual number existing in this poorly researched family. They are microscopic mites and are yellow to pinkish white to purplish in color. The mites are wormed like, and have only two pairs of legs. Their primary method of population spread is by wind. They affect a wide range of plants, and several are major pest species causing substantial economic damage to crops. Some species, however, are used as biological agents to control weeds and invasive plant species.
Notable species
Notable species in this family include:
Abacarus hystrix, the cereal rust mite
Abacarus sacchari, the sugarcane rust mite
Acalitus essigi, the redberry mite, which affects blackberries
Aceria chondrillae, the chondrilla gall mite, an agent of biological control against skeleton weed (Chondrilla juncea)
Aceria guerreronis, a mite of coconuts
Aceria malherbae, the bindweed gall mite, an agent of biological control against field bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis)
Cecidophyopsis ribis, blackcurrant gall mite, important pest of several Ribes
Eriophyes padi, a mite that causes cherry pouch galls on black cherry trees
Selected genera
Abacarus
Aberoptus
Acalitus
Acaphylla
Acaphyllisa
Acaralox
Acarelliptus
Acaricalus
Aceria
Achaetocoptes
Acritonotus
Aculochetus
Aculodes
Aculops
Aculus
Adenoptus
Aequsomatus
Anthocoptes
Bariella
Boczekiana
Brachendus
Calacarus
Calepitrimerus
Callyntrotus
Cecidophyes
Cecidophyopsis
Cisaberiptus
Colomerus
Coptophylla
Cosetacus
Criotacus
Cupacarus
Cymoptus
Dichopelmus
Ditrymacus
Epitrimerus
Eriophyes
Gilarovella
Glyptacus
Keiferella
Leipothrix
Liroella
Mesalox
Metaculus
Monochetus
Neooxycenus
Neotegonotus
Oxycenus
Paraphytoptus
"Pentamerus" Roivainen, 1951 (non Sowerby, 1813: preoccupied)
Phyllocoptes
Phyllocoptruta
Platyphytoptus
Reckella
Shevtchenkella
Stenacis
Tegolophus
Tegonotus
Tegoprionus
Tetra
Tetraspinus
Thamnacus
Tumescoptes
Vasates
References
Digital museum of Nature: Classification of Eriophyoid Mites
Fauna Europaea
Joel Hallan's Biology Catalog: Eriophyidae
External links
Acalitus vaccinii, blueberry bud mite on the UF/IFAS Featured Creatures Web site
Acathrix trymatus, a coconut mite on the UF/IFAS Featured Creatures Web site
Aceria guerreronis, a coconut mite on the UF/IFAS Featured Creatures Web site
Acari families
Agricultural pest mites
Sarcoptiformes
Julia Croft is a New Zealand performance artist.
Biography
Croft grew up in Auckland, New Zealand and graduated from Toi Whakaari: New Zealand Drama School in 2008 with a Bachelor of Performing Arts (Acting). She also completed a bachelor's degree in English and theatre at the University of Canterbury. Croft has also trained at L'Ecole Philippe Gaullier in Paris, France.
In 2017 she and Nisha Madhan co-created a live art act called Power Ballad, which won Best Performer and Best Live Art at the Auckland Fringe Festival and the Discovery Award at the Melbourne Fringe Festival.
References
Living people
Toi Whakaari alumni
People from Auckland
Performance artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Eynsford railway station serves Eynsford in Kent, England. It is down the line from and is situated between and . Train services are provided by Thameslink.
History
The Swanley to Sevenoaks Bat & Ball line was opened on 2 June 1862, by the London, Chatham and Dover Railway, initially with just a single track. The station at Eynsford came into use the following month, with two platforms and a passing loop; the second track came in 1863.
The main station building is on the "down" side, two storeys high, with chimney stacks and arched window frames. On the "up" side is a shelter with an elaborate valance and sides for protection from the weather. The track was crossed at ground level until a lattice footbridge was built in about 1910. The signal cabin was positioned at the southern end of the "up" platform.
Eynsford's goods yard was positioned on the "down" side, to the south of the main building, and comprised a pair of sidings, one of which passed over a wagon turntable through the pitched-roof goods shed. The platforms were extended twice, first in 1894 and again in 1932 when they were lengthened at their southern ends, requiring the demolition of the signal box. This was replaced by a porch on the ground floor of the station building's platform side.
Electric services between Bickley and Sevenoaks were introduced on 6 January 1935, when the station lost its lattice footbridge to a prefabricated concrete replacement. Goods traffic ceased in May 1962 and the goods shed was demolished soon after.
Approximately 1 km to the north west lie the remains of Lullingstone, built but never opened, as the development it was intended to serve never materialised. All that remains are the platforms (still in situ) and the platform canopies which were reinstalled at Canterbury East station. Between the two, the line is taken over the River Darent by an impressive nine-arch red-brick viaduct.
Facilities
The station has a ticket office which is located in the substantial station building on the Ashford bound platform. This is open during the morning Monday-Friday only (06:10-12:50). At other times, the station is unstaffed and tickets must be purchased from the self-service ticket machine at the station entrance.
The station has covered seating areas as well as modern help points located on each of its platforms which are connected by a concrete footbridge.
There is also a small (free) car park and cycle rack at the entrance to the station.
The station has step-free access available to the Ashford bound platform although the London bound platform is only reachable by the stepped footbridge so is not accessible.
Services
Off-peak, all services at Eynsford are operated by Thameslink using Class 700 EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
2 tph to London Blackfriars via
2 tph to
During the peak hours, the service to London Blackfriars is extended to and from via .
Southeastern services on the Maidstone East Line call here occasionally during times of service disruption or engineering work.
Bus Connections
The station is served by the Go-Coach route 2 bus service which provides connections to Swanley and Sevenoaks.
References
External links
Railway stations in Kent
Former London, Chatham and Dover Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1862
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Buildings and structures in Sevenoaks District
1862 establishments in England
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
Sant'Agostino or Santagostino may refer to:
Film
Augustine: The Decline of the Roman Empire (Italian: Sant'Agostino)
Churches in Italy
Sant'Agostino, Cesena
Chiesa Parrocchiale di Sant'Agostino, Ferrara
Sant'Agostino (Genoa)
Sant'Agostino, Gubbio
Sant'Agostino, Lucca
Sant'Agostino, Massa Marittima
Sant'Agostino, Matelica
Sant'Agostino, Modena
Sant'Agostino, Montalcino
Sant'Agostino alla Zecca, Naples (Sant'Agostino Maggiore)
Sant'Agostino, Palermo
Sant'Agostino, Piacenza
Sant'Agostino, Prato
Sant'Agostino, Rimini
Basilica of Sant'Agostino, Rome
Sant'Agostino, San Gimignano
Sant'Agostino (Siena)
Other
Santagostino (surname)
Sant'Agostino (Milan Metro), a Milan Metro station
Sant'Agostino, Emilia–Romagna, a comune or town in Italy
Grainet is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Tarun Agarwal (born 3 March 1956) is an Indian Judge and former Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court.
Career
Agarwal passed Law from the University of Allahabad. In 1981 he started practice on Civil, Constitutional and Taxation matters in Allahabad High Court. He became a Permanent Judge of the Allahabad High Court on 18 August 2005. Justice Agarwala was transferred to Uttarakhand High Court in 2009 and served there as acting Chief Justice. He was elevated to the post of Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court on 12 February 2018. After retirement Agarwal was appointed by Securities and Exchange Board of India as the presiding officer of Securities Appellate Tribunal, Mumbai.
References
1956 births
Living people
Indian judges
Chief Justices of the Meghalaya High Court
University of Allahabad alumni
21st-century Indian judges
Judges of the Allahabad High Court
Justices of the Uttarakhand High Court
Chief Justices of the Uttarakhand High Court
Peter Allan may refer to:
Peter Allan (Australian cricketer) (born 1935)
Peter Allan (footballer) (1935–1987), Australian rules footballer
Peter Allan (at Marsden Grotto) (1799–1849), landlord of the Marsden Grotto pub
Peter Allan (priest) (born 1950), Anglican monk and Principal of the College of the Resurrection
Peter Allan (rugby union) (born 1975), Scottish rugby union referee
Peter John Allan (1825–1848), Canadian poet
See also
Peter Allen (disambiguation)
The Wendell H. Ford Expressway, also known as the Owensboro Bypass, is a major partial beltway that runs around the outer parts of the city of Owensboro, Kentucky. With a length of , the expressway includes parts of U.S. Route 60 (US 60) and US 231.
Road description
The expressway begins on the west side of Owensboro at a junction with the original alignment of US 60. Immediately after its start, it has a junction with the Audubon Parkway. After the exit for the Audubon, there are interchanges with Kentucky Route 81 (KY 81), US 431, and US 231. US 231 joins the road at the exit for New Hartford Road, and it then intersects the William H. Natcher Parkway at that parkway's northern terminus. After the interchange with KY 54 (Leitchfield Road), the road then has additional interchanges with KY 603 and KY 144. The expressway ends at an at-grade intersection with KY 2830, which is part of the original US 60 alignment on the east side of town. US 60/US 231 continues after this point as a regular four-lane highway before the two routes split again. US 231 enters Spencer County, Indiana, while US 60 continues on to Hancock County, Kentucky.
History
Construction and opening (1966–73)
Construction of the Wendell H. Ford Expressway began in the 1967/68 fiscal year. It began as a two-lane road that went from US 60 to KY 54 on the east side of Owensboro. That segment opened in 1967. By the time the 1968 Official Kentucky Highway Map was released, the expressway expanded to four lanes, and went from the US 60 corridor to the US 431 corridor. The remainder of the expressway from US 431 to another junction with US 60 on the west side of Owensboro was opened to traffic by 1969–70. Interchanges for the Audubon Parkway and the then-new Green River Parkway (later William H. Natcher Parkway, now Interstate 165) were opened upon the opening of the two parkways in 1970 and 1972, respectively.
The later years (1974–2012)
The expressway eventually received the designation of U.S. Route 60 Bypass (US 60 Byp.). In 2004, US 231 was rerouted onto the expressway and onto US 60 east of town so that it would be rerouted to the completed William H. Natcher Bridge once it was completed during that year. US 231 was previously carried over the Ohio River on the Owensboro Bridge.
Expressway extension and the future (2013-present)
In 2013, the Owensboro–Daviess County Government voted to reroute the regular US 60 to the expressway. In the middle of 2014, a new alignment of the expressway was completed and rerouted to bypass the eastern side of town, and KY 603 was routed onto the existing section of the expressway. This was done to connect to the campus of Owensboro Health Regional Hospital (which was completed in 2013). It was also built to prepare for the building of the proposed Interstate 67 (I-67) when and if it is being built. I-67 was planned to go from some point along I-69 in southwest Indiana, and it would follow the eastern part of the expressway and the Natcher Parkway to create a spur from Owensboro to join the I-65 corridor in Bowling Green.
Major intersections
Note: Mileage listings are of US 60 since the Wendell H. Ford Expressway is now classified as US 60 since 2014.
See also
List of parkways and named highways in Kentucky
References
External links
Kentucky Transportation Cabinet
US 60 at KentuckyRoads.com
Beltways in the United States
Owensboro, Kentucky
Transportation in Daviess County, Kentucky
U.S. Route 60
U.S. Route 231
Hondo & Fabian is a children's picture book by Peter McCarty. Released by Henry Holt & Co. in 2002, it is a Caldecott Honor book. A sequel, Fabian Escapes, was released in 2007. The book was made into a 5-minute iconographic short with narration by Jeff Brooks and released by Weston Woods.
Plot
Hondo and Fabian illustrates the lives of two different friendly animals, a dog and a cat. Hondo the dog wakes up Fabian the cat hoping to have more adventures. Hondo decides to go fishing where he meets his friend Fred, another dog, while Fabian stays at home to play with a little girl. The day for each one of them is very different but exciting and at the end of the day they have their meal together and go to sleep in their favorite places.
References
American picture books
Children's fiction books
2002 children's books
Henry Holt and Company books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Books about cats
Dogs in literature
Aziziyeh (, also Romanized as ‘Azīzīyeh) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 15 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Harold Crooms (born October 24, 1979) is an American professional stock car racing driver. He competes in the CARS Super Late Model Tour and short track racing divisions, and has also raced in the NASCAR Xfinity Series.
Racing career
Crooms primarily races in the CARS Super Late Model Tour and short tracks in his home state of Florida.
In 2020, he tested an ARCA Menards Series car for MBM Motorsports at Daytona International Speedway; he was the 18th fastest of 38 participants on the first day of testing, followed by ranking 18th of 39 on the second. He made his NASCAR Xfinity Series debut for the team on the Daytona road course in August, where he finished 35th after a brake failure.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Xfinity Series
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
NASCAR drivers
Sportspeople from Lakeland, Florida
Racing drivers from Florida
Lists of medical abbreviations
The 1959 Southern Jaguars football team was an American football team that represented Southern University in the 1959 NCAA College Division football season. In their 24th season under head coach Ace Mumford, the Jaguars compiled an 8–2 record (7–0 against SWAC opponents), won the SWAC championship, and outscored all opponents by a total of 267 to 93. The team played its home games at University Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Schedule
References
Southern
Southern Jaguars football seasons
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Southern Jaguars football
Tufeștii may refer to one of two places in Romania:
Tufeștii de Jos, a village in Rebricea Commune, Vaslui County
Tufeștii de Sus, a village in Scânteia Commune, Iași County
Charles O'Connor (October 26, 1878 – November 15, 1940) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the U.S. representative for Oklahoma's 1st congressional district from 1929 to 1931. He was a member of the Republican Party.
Biography
O'Connor was born on a farm near Edina, Knox County, Missouri son of Charles and Catherine (née McCarthy) O'Connor, and attended the rural schools. He graduated from the State Teachers' College, Greeley, Colorado, in 1901 and from the law department of the University of Colorado at Boulder in 1904. Admitted to the bar the same year, he commenced practice in Boulder, Colorado. In 1905 he married Elizabeth Buell. They had three sons, one of whom died at a young age.
Career
From 1911 to 1913, O'Connor was the first Assistant Attorney General of Colorado. He became city attorney of Boulder from 1917 through 1918; and then moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma, in 1919. There he continued the practice of his profession.
Elected as a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for one term, O'Connor served from March 4, 1929 to March 3, 1931. He was unsuccessful in his re-election attempt, and resumed his law practice in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He moved back to Boulder, Colorado, in 1936 because of his failing health.
Death
O'Connor died of pneumonia in Denver, Colorado, on November 15, 1940, and is interred at Green Mountain Cemetery, Boulder, Colorado.
References
External links
Biographical Directory of the United States Congress
1878 births
1940 deaths
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Oklahoma
Deaths from pneumonia in Colorado
Orthotylus ericetorum is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Orthotylus
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1807
The Labour Electoral Association was a political organisation in the United Kingdom which aimed to get working men elected to Parliament.
Foundation
The issue of political representation for workers had become increasingly important for the Trades Union Congress (TUC). At the 1885 congress, there was unanimous support for James Stafford Murchie's motion, introduced on behalf of the International Working Men's Association, that candidates who were members of trade unions should be welcomed, as should the establishment of Labour Associations in London and Birmingham, which aimed to support their election.
At the 1886 TUC congress, George Shipton called for the establishment of funds to support trade union candidates, and T. R. Threlfall, who had himself stood unsuccessfully for Parliament at that year's general election. successfully proposed that a Labour Electoral Committee be established. The initial committee consisted of John Wilson (President), William Abraham and James M. Jack (Vice-Presidents), Stuart Uttley (Chairman), Edward Harford (Treasurer), and Threlfall (Secretary).
Development
The committee had some initial success, with "over a dozen" local associations established in its first year, these generally being linked to a trades council. However, it was hampered by a lack of any programmes, disagreements over whether it should support candidates in local elections, and whether it could support Conservative Party or independent candidates, or only Liberal Party ones. Although this was not officially resolved, its local associations did start supporting local candidates. The committee frequently debated the merits of Liberal-Labour and independent labour candidacies; its position was generally to support only candidates who were thought to have widespread local backing, and never stand propaganda candidates in the hope of building support. Where trades councils had socialist majorities, independent candidates were sometimes given support, but elsewhere, only Liberals were endorsed.
In 1887, the committee renamed itself as the "Labour Electoral Association" (LEA). It also described itself as "the centre of the National Labour Party", and its candidates sometimes described their affiliation as to the National Labour Party. The TUC congress agreed to support the formation of further local associations, and (through an amendment of Robert Knight) to call for the payment of MPs. At the 1888 congress, Charles Fenwick, complained that the Association was working to discredit him and other existing Lib-Lab MPs, and an attempt by John Hodge to restrict its support to independent candidates failed.
The Local Government Act 1888 created county and county borough councils throughout England and Wales, to take over many local functions until then carried out by the unelected Quarter Sessions, and the first elections to them took place in January 1889.
By this point, Threlfall had moved from support for the independents to the Lib-Labs. The local associations saw some success in the local elections – for example, four working men were elected to Sheffield City Council, while, by 1890, William Matkin claimed that more than seventy trade unionists had been elected at the local level. However, more trades councils were developing socialist majorities, and the local labour associations would then either leave the LEA, or split between supporters of the Lib-Lab movement and those who called for independent labour candidates. The LEA, therefore, became increasingly dominated by supporters of the Liberal Party.
Decline
In 1890, James MacDonald argued that the association should only support candidates who favoured nationalisation, but this policy was rejected by the TUC congress. However, the organisation's candidates were not particularly successful at the 1892 general election – although eight of nine parliamentary seats were held, and Joseph Arch and Sam Woods gained seats, the majority were not elected. By 1892, the socialists who favoured independent candidatures had gained strength, and Ben Tillett and John Hodge successfully proposed that the TUC would set up a new fund to support independent labour candidates. Although they claimed that this would complement the LEA, it was generally seen as being an attempt to undermine its continued support for Lib-Lab candidates.
At a TUC meeting in September 1892, an arrangements committee was formed with a view to creating an independent labour organisation. A conference chaired by William Henry Drew took place in Bradford from 14 to 16 January 1893 at the Bradford Labour Institute, the premises of the Labour Church. The Independent Labour Party was established, with Keir Hardie as its first chairman.
The LEA declined rapidly in importance, held its final congress in 1895, and dissolved the following year. However, some of its former local associations remained in existence; for example, the Dublin Labour Electoral Association finally achieved some local electoral success in 1898.
See also
Labour Representation Committee (formed in 1900)
Labour Representation League (formed in 1869)
References
Political parties established in 1886
Political parties disestablished in 1896
Liberal Party (UK)
Trades Union Congress
1886 establishments in the United Kingdom
1896 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
The 2001 PBA season was the 27th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Board of governors
Executive committee
Emilio Bernardino, Jr. (Commissioner)
Ignatius Yenko (Chairman, representing Mobiline Phone Pals)
Francisco Alejo III (Vice-Chairman, representing Purefoods TJ Hotdogs)
Jose Ma. Concepcion III (Treasurer, representing Pop Cola Panthers)
Teams
Notable occurrences
During the pre-season, Tanduay made soundwaves in the PBA when they dangled Danny Ildefonso of corporate rival San Miguel Beermen a whopping 16-year, 96 million peso offersheet. The league though, nullified the said deal since it was believed that the offersheet violated the team's salary cap.
Danny Ildefonso of San Miguel became the third player to win the Most Valuable Player (MVP) award for two straight seasons, Ildefonso also sets a record by sweeping the season's Best Player of the Conference award, his unprecedented feat started in 2000 when he emerged as the award winner in the Commissioner's and Governors' Cups, his BPC wins surpassed the three apiece won by Vergel Meneses and Alvin Patrimonio.
Purefoods' Alvin Patrimonio became the first player to suit up for 500 straight games
Alaska import Sean Chambers hung up his number 20 jersey after 13 years in a highly emotional retirement ceremony.
The corporate sale of Purefoods, including its PBA franchise, to San Miguel Corporation at the end of the year was eventually approved by the Board of Governors, the Hotdogs became the third team under the San Miguel corporate umbrella.
Paul Asi Taulava and Eric Menk, two fil-foreign players, returned to their respective ballclubs, Taulava reunited with the Phone Pals around mid-year while Menk suited up for Tanduay a little later.
In a stunning move in late December, Tanduay shipped Eric Menk, Dondon Hontiveros, Bonel Balingit and Chris Cantonjos to other teams as a prelude to Tanduay's subsequent sale of its franchise to FedEx, the delivery firm, for P 75 million.
Opening ceremonies
The muses for the participating teams are as follows:
2001 PBA All-Filipino Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
2001 PBA Commissioner's Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
2001 PBA Governors' Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
Awards
Most Valuable Player: Danny Ildefonso (San Miguel)
Rookie of the Year: Mark Caguioa (Barangay Ginebra)
Sportsmanship Award: Rey Evangelista (Purefoods)
Most Improved Player: Noy Castillo (Purefoods)
Defensive Player of the Year: Chris Jackson (Shell)
Mythical Five
Danny Ildefonso (San Miguel)
Danny Seigle (San Miguel)
Olsen Racela (San Miguel)
Dennis Espino (Sta. Lucia)
Ali Peek (Alaska)
Mythical Second Team
Noy Castillo (Purefoods)
Kenneth Duremdes (Alaska)
Nic Belasco (San Miguel)
Rudy Hatfield (Pop Cola)
Davonn Harp (Red Bull)
All Defensive Team
Chris Jackson (Shell)
Dennis Espino (Sta. Lucia)
Marlou Aquino (Sta. Lucia)
Rey Evangelista (Purefoods)
Patrick Fran (Mobiline/Talk 'N Text)
Awards given by the PBA Press Corps
Coach of the Year: Yeng Guiao (Red Bull)
Mr. Quality Minutes: Mark Caguioa (Barangay Ginebra)
Executive of the Year: Sonny Barios (PBA executive director)
Referee of the Year: Ernie de Leon
Cumulative standings
References
External links
pba.inquirer.net
Antitrichia curtipendula (also known as pendulous wing moss or hanging moss) is a species of feather-moss found predominantly in western North America and the western coast of Europe.
Description
Antitrichia curtipendula has dark red stems and green “leaves” that give the overall matt of intertwined steams and roots a rusty yellow looking color. This color varies in intensity depending on the level of moisture being held within the organism. The stems of Hanging Moss can grow up to 15–30 cm long and are host to a leaf with, upon close examination, three midribs. One main and longer midrib going down the center and two fainter and shorter ones on either side. This particular aspect of the leaf sets it apart from other similar Epiphytes like the Lanky Moss (R. Loreus). Found higher in the canopy than some mosses, Antitrichia curtipendula likes to form large clumps on branches, stumps, and tree trunks, looking like a cross between a blanket and a carpet.
Biogeography
Antitrichia curtipendula is native to North America, spanning the western coastline from southern Alaska down to northern California. In California particularly, this moss' distribution is almost entirely similar to that of the coastal redwoods. This moss likes a moderate coastal climate that renders its habitat seasonally moist. Some other locations that this particular species has been found are Denmark, the Eastern coast of Norway near Stockholm, Austria, the Western coast of France, and the Western coast of Spain. The locations in Western Europe where Hanging Moss has been found are much smaller areas than those in Western North America, where the moss' habitat is more extensive. This moss prefers a temperate climate with moderate temperatures and moderate to high amounts of precipitation. This moss is found in low to high elevation forests, ranging from around 0–2100 meters in elevation that are predominantly coniferous type trees. They can be found in the forest canopy growing on limbs, branches, stumps and sometimes rocks.
Ecology
While not being parasites, Epiphytes need a host to grow on. Unlike parasites, they do not cause any damage to the host they call home. Their host plant only provides support and a vantage point at which to reach the nutrients needed to grow. Hanging Moss does not grow roots into the ground, instead growing complex root systems upon their host plant, that weave themselves into a tight matt and provide structure and support to the overall moss community. Living up off the forest floor allows these epiphytes to gain access to the precipitation that may or may not reach them through the forest canopy. Epiphytes engage in photosynthesis, gaining their energy from the incoming solar radiation. Living in the canopy and/or not on the forest floor also gives these organisms access to more sunshine than they would get otherwise. With their roots they pull nutrients and water from the air, eliminating the need for roots that occupy the soil.
Taxonomy
Similar to Rhytidiadelphus type mosses, Antitrichia curtipendula is close to Rhytidiadelphus loreus (lanky moss) a moss which also has red stems and green leaves and forms mat like structures with their root systems. Unlike Antitrichia curtipendula, this epiphyte will sometimes grow on the ground, climbing upwards with long creeping branches. Unlike the Antitrichia curtipendula, which has three midribs on its leaf, Rhytidiadelphus Loreus has a double midrib leaf. Like Antitrichia curtipendula, Rhytidiadelphus loreus and other Rhytudiadelphus species thrive in coastal maritime environments with high potential evapotranspiration. Also related to Antitrichia curtipendula is Rhytidiadelphus squarrousus or bent-leaf moss. As its name implies, Rhytidiadelphus squarrous has a characteristically bent-leaf and prefers to grow in open shady areas where persistent moisture is present and other vegetation is minimal, instead of in the forest canopy.
Reproductive needs
While still needing sunlight to reproduce, mosses and epiphytes appreciate a shady environment that allows for a consistently moist environment. Being a small flowerless and seedless plant, Antitrichia curtipendula reproduces through the use of spores. After germination and when first developing, moss will develop a thin, felt like structure on damp soil, rocks, tree bark, or rocks. This transitional stage in the life cycle of moss leads to the growth of gametophore which then develops into stems and leaves.
Wind is an important distributor of moss spores. Since these mosses do not want to grow on the forest floor, they cannot simply fall to the ground and take root. Wind distribution allows for the moss spores to reach a greater distance than they otherwise would and allows for the spores to attach to surfaces within the canopy. Along with wind, insects and birds play a role in helping the reproduction of epiphytes like the Hanging Moss. When birds and insects land on or brush against moss, they can retain spores on their bodies, carrying them through the forest to where ever they land next. This process has the ability to spread moss spores even farther than the wind might.
Current threats
As with species like this one, Antitrichia curtipendula'' is susceptible to anything that threatens the hosts on which they grow. Since these mosses generally grow on trees, factors that threaten tree growth and health also threaten the growth of these epiphytes. Threats like deforestation, for agricultural needs, or logging for lumber, alter the habitat in which these mosses grow. After this habitat is altered, they need to wait for the tree canopy to grow back before they are able to then inhabit the area once again. These mosses tend to inhabit mid to old growth forests for the particular reason that these forests are already established enough to provide good structural support for these epiphytes. Also, because these mosses are slow growing, which means to get a structurally sound community in one spot, they need to develop over time.
Bibliography
C.C. Newberry. (Accessed 2019). Antitricia Curtipendula, Flora of North America, vol 28, p591-593. Retrieved from http://dev.semanticfna.org/Antitrichia_curtipendula
H. Warnst. (Accessed 2019). Introduction to Bryophytes, The Public Face of Biology. Retrieved from http://blogs.ubc.ca/biology321/?page_id=983
K. Fretwell, I. Cruickshank, B. Starzomski. (2014). Biodiversity of the Central Coast: Hanging wing-moss, hanging moss, Antitrichia Curtipendula. Retrieved from https://www.centralcoastbiodiversity.org/hanging-wing-moss-bull-antitrichia-curtipendula.html
K. Fretwell, B. Starzomski. (2013). Biodiversity of the Central Coast: Lanky Moss, Rhytidiadelphus Loreus. Retrieved from https://www.centralcoastbiodiversity.org/lanky-moss-bull-rhytidiadelphus-loreus.html
Montana Field Guides. An Antitrichia Moss- Antitrichia Curtipendula. Retrieved from http://fieldguide.mt.gov/%5C/speciesDetail.aspx?elcode=NBMUS0D020
R.Welch.(2007). Epiphytes: An ecosystem contained within an ecosystem. Retrieved from http://jrscience.wcp.muohio.edu/fieldcourses07/PapersCostaRicaArticles/Epiphytes.Anecosystemcont.html
References
Hypnales
Reg Anderson may refer to:
Reg Anderson (cricketer)
Reg Anderson (footballer)
The 1999 Paris–Tours was the 93rd edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 3 October 1999. The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours. The race was won by Marc Wauters of the Rabobank team.
General classification
References
1999 in French sport
1999
Paris-Tours
October 1999 sports events in Europe
1999 in road cycling
Douglas Lee may refer to:
Douglas Lee (restaurateur) (1962-2013), former co-owner of The Big Texan Steak Ranch
Douglas Lee (choreographer) born 1977
See also
Doug Lee (disambiguation)
After the Reign may refer to:
After the Reign (album), an album by Blackfoot
After the Reign (band), an American country music band
Agia Kyriaki (, Agía Kyriakí) is a small Greek island less than one mile from Astypalaia in the Dodecanese islands.
On the island is the small church of Agia (Saint) Kyriaki. Every July the people of Leros will go to the small island to celebrate the name day of the saint. The island is an ideal place for fishing and diving.
Chapel of Agia Kyriaki
Legend has it that a fisherman who used to go on the island often to collect salt kept falling on a piece of wood. He would pick it up and throw it into the sea, but the next time he was on the island there it was again. The third time, annoyed as he was, he took a good look at it and saw that it was in fact an icon of Saint Kyriaki. He decided to build a church on the same spot where he found the icon.
Dodecanese
Uninhabited islands of Greece
Landforms of Kalymnos (regional unit)
Islands of the South Aegean
Islands of Greece
Kaka Mallam Yale is a Nigerian senator who was elected to represent the Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) in Borno State in April 2007.
Background
Kaka Mallam Yale was born in January 1953 in Yale town of Konduga District. In 1982 he studied at the University of Maiduguri for his Diploma in Public Administration (DPA). He obtained a BSc in Political Science from the University of Maiduguri in 1990.
Alhaji Kaka Mallam Yale worked as a local government civil servant in various positions, and was appointed chairman of the Konduga local government by the military regime in 1994. He was elected chairman of the Konduga Local Government from 1999 to 2002. At the state level, he held positions in various departments, including being Sole Administrator Borno Radio Television Corporation.
He was elected to the National Assembly, representing the Konduga, Mafa and Dikwa Federal Constituency as a member of the United Nigeria Congress Party (UNCP) in 1998, but a military takeover prevented his taking his seat. In September 2005, he became the Borno State Commissioner for Education.
Senate career
Kaka Mallam Yale was elected to the Nigerian Senate for the Borno Central constituency in 2007, running on the Nigeria People's Party (ANPP). He was appointed to committees on Navy, Interior Affairs, Finance, Establishment & Public Service and Education
As a senator, he did not initiate any bills, but occasionally contributed to debates.
He is not seen as a major voice for his constituents.
In an interview in August 2008 he defended the ANPP, but said it was unfortunate that the ANPP had joined Government of National Unity rather than acting as a true opposition party.
In December 2008, he criticized the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, saying they did not have the technological capacity to locate oil in the Lake Chad basin, and recommended that private firms be given the job.
He was seen as a possible successor to Borno state Governor, Ali Modu Sheriff in the 2011 elections but failed to achieve this.
References
Living people
People from Borno State
Members of the Senate (Nigeria)
1953 births
United Nigeria Congress Party politicians
All Nigeria Peoples Party politicians
Members of the House of Representatives (Nigeria)
University of Maiduguri alumni
21st-century Nigerian politicians
Era is the second studio album by the indie pop band Echo Lake. It was released in 2015 on No Pain in Pop.
Track listing
References
2015 albums
Echo Lake (band) albums
Optimus is a Process Integration and Design Optimization (PIDO) platform developed by Noesis Solutions. Noesis Solutions takes part in key research projects, such as PHAROS and MATRIX.
Optimus allows the integration of multiple engineering software tools (CAD, Multibody dynamics, finite elements, computational fluid dynamics, ...) into a single and automated workflow. Once a simulation process is captured in a workflow, Optimus will direct the simulations to explore the design space and to optimize product designs for improved functional performance and lower cost, while also minimizing the time required for the overall design process.
Process integration
The Optimus GUI enables the creation of a graphical simulation workflow. A set of functions supports the integration of both commercial and in-house software. A simple workflow can cover a single simulation program, whereas more advanced workflows can include multiple simulation programs. These workflows may contain multiple branches, each with one or more simulation programs, and may include special statements that define looping and conditional branching.
Optimus' workflow execution mechanism can range from a step-by-step review of the simulation process up to deployment on a large (and non-heterogeneous) computation cluster. Optimus is integrated with several resource management systems to support parallel execution on a computational cluster.
Design optimization
Optimus includes a wide range of methods and models to help solve design optimization problems:
Design of Experiments (DOE)
Response Surface Modeling (RSM)
Numerical optimization, based on local or global algorithms, both for single or multiple objectives with continuous and/or discrete design variables
Design of Experiments (DOE)
Design of Experiments (DOE) defines an optimal set of experiments in the design space in order to obtain the most relevant and accurate design information at minimal cost. Optimus supports the following DOE methods:
* Adaptive DOE (new)
* Full Factorial (2-level & 3-level)
* Adjustable Full Factorial
* Fractional Factorial
* Plackett-Burman
* Space Filling
* Central composite
* Random
* Latin-Hypercube
* Starpoints
* Diagonal
* Optimal design (I-, D- & A-optimal)
* User-defined
Response Surface Modeling (RSM)
Response Surface Modeling (RSM) is a collection of mathematical and statistical techniques that are useful to model and analyze problems in which a design response of interest is influenced by several design parameters. DOE methods in combination with RSM can predict design response values for combinations of input design parameters that were not previously calculated, with very little simulation effort. RSM thus allows further post-processing of DOE results.
Optimus' Response Surface Modeling range from classical Least Squares methods to advanced Stochastic Interpolation methods, including Kriging, Neural Network, Radial Basis Functions and Gaussian Process models. To maximize RSM accuracy, Optimus can also generate the best RSM automatically – drawing from a large set of RSM algorithms and optimizing the RSM using a cross-validation approach.
Numerical Optimization
Optimus supports a wide range of single-objective and multi-objective methods. Multi-objective optimization methods usually generate a so-called „Pareto front“ or use a weighting function to generate a single Pareto point.
Based on the search methods, Optimus optimization methods (both single and multi-objective) can be categorized into:
local optimization methods - searching for an optimum based on local information of the optimization problem (such as gradient information). Methods include
* SQP (Sequential Quadratic Programming)
* NLPQL
* Generalized Reduced Gradient
* NBI, weighted methods (multi-objective)
global optimization methods - searching for the optimum based on global information of the optimization problem. These are usually probability-based searching methods. Methods include
* Genetic algorithms (Differential Evolution, Self-adaptive Evolution, ...)
* Simulated Annealing
* CMA-ES
* NSEA+, mPSO (multi-objective)
hybrid optimization methods, e.g. Efficient Global Optimization, combining the local and the global approach into one approach which usually relies on response surface modeling to find a global optimum.
an Automatic optimisation method is also available. That would automatically select the best strategy for the user.
Partner (eArtius) & open library (Dakota) are integrated into Optimus via this functionality
User can also integrate their own optimization strategy in the Optimus environment.
Robust design optimization & Taguchi method
In order to assess the influence of real-world uncertainties and tolerances on a given design, Optimus contains Monte Carlo Simulation as well as a First-Order Second Moment method to estimate and improve the robustness of a design. Optimus calculates and optimizes the probability of failure using advanced reliability methods, including First-Order and Second-Order Reliability Methods.
Optimus also includes a dedicated set of functionalities to set up a Taguchi study through the definition of control factors, noise factors and signal factors in case of a dynamic study. Genichi Taguchi, a Japanese engineer, published his first book on experimental design in 1958. The aim of the Taguchi design is to make a product or process more stable in the face of variations over which there is little or no control (for example, ensuring reliable performance of a car engine for different ambient temperatures).
Applications
The use of Optimus covers a wide range of applications, including
optimization of the production process of a center wing box (CWB) factory in function of production rate variations
identification of the best possible design trade-off between ease of swallowing and durability, based on finite element based analysis of food supplement tablet hardness and punch strength simulations
engineering of a hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) prototype for fuel economy
References
External links
Noesis Solutions website
Optimus integration with engineering software
Optimus integration with resource management systems
Optimus industry applications
Computer system optimization software
Computer-aided engineering software
Computer-aided design software
Mathematical optimization software
Simulation software
William Franklin Walker (July 1, 1896 – January 27, 1992) was an American television and film actor. Walker is best remembered for his role as Reverend Sykes in the 1962 film To Kill a Mockingbird.
Career
Born in Pendleton, Indiana, Walker began his acting career in 1946. In a career that spanned five decades, Walker appeared in numerous television shows and films including Goodyear Television Playhouse, Raintree County, Yancy Derringer, Official Detective, The Amos 'n' Andy Show, The Twilight Zone, Rawhide, Daniel Boone, Good Times, The Long, Hot Summer, To Kill a Mockingbird, Big Jake, What's Happening!!, Twilight's Last Gleaming, The President's Plane is Missing, Our Man Flint, Billy Jack Goes to Washington, Maurie, A Piece of the Action, The Girl Who Had Everything, and The Choirboys.
He was in the 1961 film The Mask, not to be confused with the Twilight Zone episode "The Masks" (1964), in which he also appeared (uncredited).
Personal life
On February 22, 1953, Walker married Hannah Robison Linden, a writer and civic worker in Los Angeles. On August 13, 1959, Walker married Canadian actress Peggy Cartwright, a member of the original silent Our Gang troupe.
Death
Walker died of cancer on January 27, 1992. A World War I United States Army veteran, he is buried alongside his wife at Riverside National Cemetery in Riverside, California.
Filmography
References
Bill Walker marries Hannah Robinson (sic) Linden with photo
External links
1896 births
1992 deaths
African-American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
Burials at Riverside National Cemetery
Deaths from cancer in California
Male actors from Indiana
20th-century American male actors
People from Pendleton, Indiana
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
The Act of Uniformity (Explanation) Act 1663 (15 Car 2 c 6) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The whole Act, except section 4 (which is section 5 in Ruffhead's Edition) and the last section, were repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1863.
The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, was repealed by section 1 of, and Part II of the Schedule to, the Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1969.
Section 4
This section, from "be it" to "aforesaid that" was repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
See also
Act of Uniformity 1662
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Acts of the Parliament of England
1663 in law
1663 in England
Pastetten is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany. It is a rural municipality in the south of the district. The town was founded about one thousand years ago along the road from Swabia to Erding.
History
Pastetten is documented for the first time in 957 as "Poustetin" (late Povsteti), when Bishop Abraham of Vasallen and Earl Altuom exchanged real estate near Pastetten and Matzling. About 1483 the Count of Preysing received the castle and its judicial seat. The document refers to a tavern, and a smithy in the town. A tax description of 1671 names Hans Poegl as a market officer and states that the monasteries owned properties in Pastetten. The monastic properties were secularised in 1682.
The church dedicated to Saint Martin is a late Gothic brick building, established around 1400 in place of a far older and smaller church.
References
External links
Erding (district)
Below is a list of justices who have served on the South Carolina Supreme Court.
External links
Chief Justices of the State of South Carolina, 1698-2000
J
South Carolina
Ukraine competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
7-a-side football
The Ukraine national 7-a-side football team qualified for the Rio Games after finishing second at the 2015 CP World Championships after going down to Russia in the gold medal match. The country went to the tournament as reigning European champions. The team was in Group C with England and Portugal .
The draw for the tournament was held on May 6 at the 2016 Pre Paralympic Tournament in Salou, Spain. Ukraine was put into Group A with Brazil, Great Britain and Ireland. The tournament where the draw took place featured 7 of the 8 teams participating in Rio. It was the last major preparation event ahead of the Rio Games for all teams participating. Ukraine finished first, after defeating Brazil 0 - 2 in the 1st place match. Their roster for this tournament included Konstiantyn Symashko, Denys Ponomarov, Taras Dutko, Edhar Kahramanian, Yevhen Zinoviev, Stanislav Podolskyi, Volodymyr Antoniuk, Vitaliy Trushev, Artem Krasylnykov, Bohdan Kulynych, Ivan Shkvarlo, Vitalii Romanchuk, Oleh Len and Serhii Zinchenko.
Going into the Rio Games, the country was ranked first in the world.
Archery
Ukraine qualified two archers for the Rio Games following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships, with both spots coming in the women's recurve open. Roksolana Dzoba-Balyan and Iryna Volynets both qualified Ukraine after qualifying for the round of sixteen. Dzoba-Balyan is nicknamed Dzoba-Balyan, lives in Lviv and took up the sport in 2007. She is coached by Ilyashenko Oleh. The right handed archer shoots 27" long arrows with a draw weight of 36 lbs. In 2015, she was ranked fourth in the world.
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Ukraine qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Goalball
Ukraine's women enter the tournament ranked 15th in the world.
Judo
With one pathway for qualification being having a top finish at the 2014 IBSA Judo World Championships, Ukraine earned a qualifying spot in Rio base on the performance of Nataliya Nikolaychyk in the women's -52 kg event. The B2 Judoka finished first in her class. Inna Cherniak earned the country a second spot in the women's -57 kg event. Iryna Husieva grabbed a third spot for Ukraine in the women's -63 kg event.
Paracanoeing
Ukraine earned a qualifying spot at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport following their performance at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint & Paracanoe World Championships in Milan, Italy where the top six finishers in each Paralympic event earned a qualifying spot for their nation. Oleksandr Hrechko earned the spot for Ukraine after finishing seventh in the men's KL1 event, but as each NPC gets only one spot and another country had two ahead of him, he qualified. Svitlana Kupriianova earned another spot for Ukraine after finishing third in the women's KL1 event. Mykola Syniuk earned a third spot for Ukraine after finishing fifth in the men's KL2 event. Nataliia Lagutenko earned a fourth spot for Ukraine after finishing fourth in the women's KL2 event. Serhii Yemelianov earned a fifth spot for Ukraine after finishing fifth in the men's KL3 event.
Rowing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top eight finish at the 2015 FISA World Rowing Championships in a medal event. Ukraine qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the AS Men's Single Sculls event with a third-place finish in a time of 04:51.700. They qualified a second boat in the TA Mixed Double Sculls event with a fourth-place finish in a time of 04:07.280. Ukraine qualified a third boat with a sixth-place finish in the LTA Mixed Coxed Four event in a time of 03:35.510, fifteen seconds behind first-place finisher, Great Britain, who had a time of 03:19.560.
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl. Shooters earned spots for their NPC. Ukraine earned a qualifying spot at this event in the R1 – 10m Air Rifle standing men SH1 event as a result of Andrii Doroshenko winning a bronze medal. Iryna Liakhu earned Ukraine a second spot with her finish in the P3 – 25m Pistol Mixed
SH1 event. Vasyl Kovalchuk gave Ukraine a third spot in the R4 – 10m Air Rifle Standing Mixed SH2 event. Olga Mustafaieva earned her country their final Rio place at this event based on her performance in the P4 – 50m Pistol Mixed SH1 event.
The country sent shooters to 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Osijek, Croatia, where Rio direct qualification was also available. They earned a qualifying spot at this event based on the performance of Oleksii Denysiuk in the P3 – 25m Pistol Mixed SH1 event.
The last direct qualifying event for Rio in shooting took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning in November. Iurii Stoviev earned a qualifying spot for their country at this competition in the R1 Men's 10m Air Rifle Standing SH1 event.
Sitting volleyball
Ukraine men's national sitting volleyball team qualified for the 2016 Games at the 2016 World Qualifier.
Men
Women
Swimming
The top two finishers in each Rio medal event at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships earned a qualifying spot for their country for Rio. Dmytro Vynohradets earned Ukraine a spot after winning gold in the Men's 200m Freestyle S3. A silver in the Mixed 4x50m Freestyle Relay 20pts event gave Ukraine its second spot in swimming in Rio. Kateryna Istomina earned a silver in the Women's 100m Butterfly S8 event to give Ukraine its third spot in Rio. The fourth spot by Ukraine was earned by Yelyzaveta Mereshko in the Women's 400m Freestyle S6 event where she won a gold medal. Anna Stetsenko earned a fifth spot for Ukraine after winning silver in the Women's 50m Freestyle S13. Hennadii Boiko grabbed a sixth spot for Ukraine in the Men's 100m Backstroke S1 with a gold, while teammate Anton Kol earned another spot by getting a silver in the event. Serhii Palamarchuk earned the country's eighth spot after winning gold in the Men's 100m Backstroke S2.
See also
Ukraine at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Ukrainian sport
During the 1964–65 English football season, Brentford competed in the Football League Third Division. Despite topping the table between September and October 1964, the worst away record in the division and a change of managers in January 1965 derailed the club's promotion charge.
Season summary
After a disappointing first season back in the Third Division, Brentford chairman Jack Dunnett allowed manager Malky MacDonald significant funds for new signings. £18,000 was spent on inside forward Jimmy Bloomfield (who returned to Griffin Park after a decade away) and Newport County's journeyman forward Joe Bonson. The team began the season in good form, winning six and drawing one of the first 9 matches to sit atop the Third Division table. The early season goalscoring form of Joe Bonson meant that Billy McAdams, previously a regular scorer for the team, became surplus to requirements and was sold to local rivals Queens Park Rangers for £5,000. While the club established itself in the promotion places, £29,000 was spent on forwards Billy Cobb and Ian Lawther in October and November 1964. As a sign of chairman Dunnett's aim to secure promotion at all costs, a massive £40,000 bid for Torino's Gerry Hitchens was tabled, but was unsuccessful.
Despite a solid home record and regular goals from front players Cobb, Bonson, Lazarus, Lawther and Fielding, a number of away defeats dropped the Bees back into 4th place by January 1965. The FA Cup was exited after a third round replay defeat at the hands of First Division Burnley and a matter of days later, manager Malky MacDonald revealed that he would leave Brentford at the end of the season to return to Kilmarnock. MacDonald intended to see out the remainder of his contract, which expired at the end of the season, but he was immediately placed on gardening leave by chairman Jack Dunnett. Trainer Tommy Cavanagh took over as interim manager. Cavanagh won four and drew two of his first 10 matches, but a 2–0 away defeat to Scunthorpe United on 26 March emphasised the team's poor away record and effectively ended any chances of promotion. Despite the blow, the team reacted positively, winning five and drawing two of the remaining eight matches of the season to secure a 5th-place finish.
Brentford's home record of 18 wins, 4 draws and 1 defeat was the best in the Third Division and promotion may have been attained had the team not lost five consecutive away matches in mid-season. Just one league win away from home equalled the club record. By 19 December 1964, Joe Bonson, Mark Lazarus and Billy Cobb had each reached 10 or more goals for the season, which was the second instance of three Brentford players reaching double-figures before Christmas Day.
The Brentford reserve team had a successful season and won the London Challenge Cup after a 2–1 victory over Chelsea, courtesy of goals from George Summers and Micky Block. In goal was Gerry Cakebread, who had dropped into the reserves for his final season at Griffin Park. Cakebread finished his Brentford career with 374 first team appearances, the most by any goalkeeper for the club.
League table
Results
Brentford's goal tally listed first.
Legend
Football League Third Division
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Sources: 100 Years Of Brentford, Statto
Playing squad
Players' ages are as of the opening day of the 1964–65 season.
Sources: 100 Years Of Brentford, Timeless Bees
Coaching staff
Malky MacDonald (22 August 1964 – 16 January 1965)
Tommy Cavanagh (17 January – 27 April 1965)
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years Of Brentford
Goalscorers
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years Of Brentford
Management
Summary
Transfers & loans
Awards
Evening Standard Player of the Month: Jimmy Bloomfield (October 1964)
References
Brentford F.C. seasons
Brentford
Pampa Hermosa National Sanctuary () is a protected area in Peru located in the region of Junín. It preserves one of the last pristine areas of montane forests in central Peru.
Geography
Pampa Hermosa National Sanctuary is located between the provinces of Tarma and Chanchamayo, in the region of Junin, Peru. The area is mountainous, with an elvational range between 1340 and 3960 m.
Ecology
Pampa Hermosa protects areas of tropical montane rainforests and high elevation grasslands.
Flora
Plant species found in this protected area include: Cedrela angustifolia, Juglans neotropica, Retrophyllum rospigliosii, Iriartea deltoidea, Weinmannia sp., Escallonia myrtilloides, Pseudolmedia rigida, Alnus acuminata, Prumnopitys montana, Guarea guidonia, Styrax andinus, etc.
Fauna
Animal species found in this protected area include: the Andean cock-of-the-rock, the Junín red squirrel, the yellow-throated toucan, the spectacled bear, the semicollared hawk, etc.
References
Reserved zones of Peru
Geography of Junín Region
Carenum subplanatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1874.
References
subplanatum
Beetles described in 1874
In the 2019–20 season, MC Alger competed in the Ligue 1 for the 51st season, as well as the Algerian Cup. On March 15, 2020, the Ligue de Football Professionnel (LFP) decided to halt the season due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Algeria. On July 29, 2020, the LFP declared that season is over and CR Belouizdad to be the champion, the promotion of four teams from the League 2, and scraping the relegation for the current season.
Pre-season
Competitions
Overview
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center"
|-
!rowspan=2|Competition
!colspan=8|Record
!rowspan=2|Started round
!rowspan=2|Final position / round
!rowspan=2|First match
!rowspan=2|Last match
|-
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|-
| Ligue 1
|
| style="background:silver;"|Runners-up
| 16 August 2019
| 14 March 2020
|-
| Algerian Cup
| Round of 64
| Round of 32
| 28 December 2019
| 26 January 2020
|-
| Club Champions Cup
| First round
| Quarter-finals
| 24 September 2019
| 9 February 2020
|-
! Total
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Algerian Cup
Club Championship Cup
First round
Second round
Quarter-finals
Squad information
Playing statistics
|-
|-
! colspan=12 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted alphabetically by surname when total goals are equal.
Squad list
As of 15 August, 2019
Transfers
In
Out
Notes
References
2019-20
Algerian football clubs 2019–20 season
Steve Wachalski (born 5 February 1983) is a German professional basketball player, who lastly played for Medi Bayreuth of the German Basketball League. He previously played for Telekom Baskets Bonn.
References
External links
Eurocup Profile
German BBL Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
1983 births
Living people
German men's basketball players
Medi Bayreuth players
Mitteldeutscher BC players
People from Köthen (Anhalt)
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Saxony-Anhalt
Telekom Baskets Bonn players
The anal stage is the second stage in Sigmund Freud's theory of psychosexual development, taking place approximately between the ages 18 months and three years. According to Freud, the anus is the primary erogenous zone and pleasure is derived from controlling bladder and bowel movement. The major conflict issue during this stage is toilet training. A fixation at this stage can result in a personality that is too rigid or one that is too disordered.
According to Freud's theory, personality is developed through a series of stages throughout childhood. These stages are focused on erogenous areas. Freud believed in the libido, which he referred to as psychosexual energy. To Freud, the libido was the driving force behind all of human behavior.
In order to obtain a healthy personality later on in adulthood all of these stages need to be resolved successfully. If issues are not resolved in a stage, then fixation will occur, resulting in an unhealthy personality.
General information
The anal stage, in Freudian psychology, is the period of human development occurring at about one to three years of age. Around this age, the child begins to toilet train, which brings about the child's fascination in the erogenous zone of the anus. The erogenous zone is focused on the bowel and bladder control. Therefore, Freud believed that the libido was mainly focused on controlling the bladder and bowel movements. The anal stage coincides with the start of the child's ability to control their anal sphincter, and therefore their ability to pass or withhold feces at will. If the children during this stage can overcome the conflict it will result in a sense of accomplishment and independence.
Conflict
This is the second stage of Freud's psychosexual stages. This stage represents a conflict with the id, ego, and superego. The child is approached with this conflict with the parent's demands. A successful completion of this stage depends on how the parents interact with the child while toilet training. If a parent praises the child and gives rewards for using the toilet properly and at the right times then the child will successfully go through the stage. However, if a parent ridicules and punishes a child while they are at this stage, the child can respond in negative ways.
Parents' role
As mentioned before the ability for the children to be successful in this stage is solely dependent upon their parents and the approach they use towards toilet training. Freud believed that parents should promote the use of toilet training with praise and rewards. The use of positive reinforcement after using the toilet at the appropriate times encourages positive outcomes. This will help reinforce the feeling that the child is capable of controlling their bladder. The parents help make the outcome of this stage a positive experience which in turn will lead to a competent, productive, and creative adult. This stage is also important in the child's future relationships with authority.
According to Freud's Psychosexual Theory, parents need to be very careful in how they react to their children during this sensitive stage. During this stage children test their parents, the authority figures, on how much power they really have as opposed to how much room the child has to make his or her own decisions.
Anal-retentive personality
Negative parent-child interactions in the anal stage, including early or harsh toilet training, can lead to the development of an anal-retentive personality. If the parents are too forceful or harsh in training the child to control their own bowel movements, the child may react by deliberately retaining their bowel movements in rebellion. They will form into an adult who hates mess, and is obsessively tidy, punctual, and respectful to authority. These adults can sometimes be stubborn and be very careful with their money.
Anal-expulsive personality
Overly passive parent-child interactions in the anal stage lead to the development of an anal-expulsive personality. Because the child's parents were inconsistent or neglectful in teaching the child to control their own bowel movements, the child may relieve themselves at inappropriate times and soil their pants in rebellion against using the toilet. As adults, they will want to share things with their peers and give things away. They can sometimes be messy, disorganized, and rebellious. They may also be inconsiderate of others' feelings.
Successful resolution of the anal stage
A child who has successfully completed this stage will be characterized as having used proper toilet training techniques throughout toilet training years and will successfully move on to the next stage of Freud's psychosexual developmental stages. Although the anal stage seems to be about proper toilet training, it is also about controlling behaviors and urges. A child needs to learn certain boundaries when he or she is young so that in the future there will not be contention regarding what is overstepping the boundaries.
Related to cognitive psychology
According to the field of cognitive psychology, Freud's anal stage falls into the category of internal mental states. These internal mental states are referring to belief, idea, motivation and knowledge. Freud revolves the basis of his stages around these main ideas as well. The result of whether a child completes this stage successfully or becomes fixated has a lot to do with the child's knowledge of their past with their toilet training experience, the motivation they received from the parents during the stage and the child's own belief in how they should react to the situation. Cognitive psychology also focuses on and studies how people perceive, remember and learn their surroundings, environment, and experiences. These are the three main reasons why a child will become either anal-retentive or anal-expulsive after childhood.
See also
Psychosexual development
Oral stage
Phallic stage
Latency stage
Genital stage
References
External links
Freud's Psychosexual Stages
Freudian psychology
Toilet training
Tamer Mohammed Sobhi Seyam (; born 25 November 1992) is a Palestinian professional footballer who plays for as a forward for Palestinian club Shabab Al-Khalil and the Palestine national team. He has publicly said that his biggest footballing inspiration is Benyad Cina.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Palestine's goal tally first.
Honours
Palestine
AFC Challenge Cup: 2014
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Jerusalem
Palestinian footballers
Association football forwards
Shabab Al-Khalil SC players
Hilal Al-Quds Club players
Hassania Agadir players
West Bank Premier League players
Botola players
Palestine international footballers
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Palestinian expatriate footballers
Palestinian expatriate sportspeople in Morocco
Expatriate footballers in Morocco
Ricardo Torres Balaguer (Llíria, Valencia Province, 13 February 1955) is a Spanish politician and former deputy who belongs to the governing Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
After qualifying in law and economic science, Torres served as Mayor of his hometown of Llíria from 1991 to 1995. In 2004 he was elected to the Congress of Deputies as a deputy for Valencia region and served as Economic and Manufacturing spokesman for the PSOE group. During his time as deputy he was criticised for possible conflict of interest. He did not stand at the 2008 election.
External links
Biography at Spanish Congress website
1955 births
Living people
People from Camp de Túria
Members of the 8th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Politicians from the Valencian Community
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
William Brantley Harvey, Sr. (June 5, 1893 – March 20, 1981) was an American lawyer and politician.
Biography
Harvey was born in Hampton, South Carolina. Harvey served as a medical corpsman in the United States Navy during World War I. In 1923, he received his bachelor's and law degrees from University of South Carolina. Harvey practiced law in Beaufort, South Carolina. Brantley served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1924 to 1928 and in the South Carolina Senate from 1928 to 1952. Harvey died in Beaufort, South Carolina. His son was W. Brantley Harvey Jr., who also served in the South Carolina General Assembly.
Notes
1893 births
1981 deaths
People from Beaufort, South Carolina
People from Hampton County, South Carolina
Military personnel from South Carolina
University of South Carolina alumni
South Carolina lawyers
Members of the South Carolina House of Representatives
South Carolina state senators
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Tamale Central is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Tamale Central is located in the Tamale Metropolitan district of the Northern Region of Ghana.
This seat was created prior to the Ghanaian parliamentary election in 2004.
At the by-election held on 4 April 2006, Alhassan Fuseini Inusah of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) won with a majority of 17502. This followed the resignation of Alhassan Wayo Seini (NDC), who resigned to join the New Patriotic Party but lost the resultant by-election.
Boundaries
The seat is located within the Tamale Municipal district of the Northern Region of Ghana.
Members of Parliament
Elections
Though Alhassan Wayo Seini had left the NDC to join the New Patriotic Party, he stood for the by-election as an independent candidate.
See also
List of Ghana Parliament constituencies
References
Parliamentary constituencies in the Northern Region (Ghana)
2004 establishments in Ghana
Obložené chlebíčky ("garnished breads") are a type of open sandwich in Czech and Slovak cuisines. Various toppings and garnishes are used, and they are often served as an appetizer dish or as a snack.
Overview
Obložené chlebíčky consist of sliced bread that has butter or another kind of spread on it, atop which a variety of toppings may be added. Toppings used on obložené chlebíčky include various cured meats such as ham, salami and sausage, sliced hard-boiled egg, cheeses, cream cheese, cucumber, tomato, fish paste, salads and various spreads prepared with meat, vegetables or cheeses. Some vegetables such as bell pepper, pickle, tomato, radish and parsley may be used as a garnish. Veka or baguette bread may be used in their preparation. They are sometimes sold as a snack food at food stalls during festivals and in bars.
See also
List of hors d'oeuvre
List of sandwiches
References
External links
Open Face Sandwiches (Obložené Chlebíčky). Slovakcooking.com.
Appetizers
Sandwiches
Czech snack foods
Slovak snack foods
Open-faced sandwiches
TT tubes tied
T Testosterone
Lists of medical abbreviations
Rebecca Adam is an Australian lawyer and business executive. She was President of the International Committee of Sports for the Deaf (ICSD) between 2018 and 2019, who also served as a former President of Deaf Sports Australia. On 1 August 2018, she was appointed as the 10th ICSD president replacing Valery Rukhledev who was found guilty of embezzlement from the All-Russian Society of the Deaf and was sacked from May 2018. The appointment of Rebecca Adam created further controversy among the deaf sports authorities which cautioned to sue against ICSD in International Olympic Committee. She became only the second woman after Donalda Ammons as President of International Committee of Sports for the Deaf.
Administration
Rebecca Adam held the position of ICSD Legal Commission and established the Women in Sports Commission while she was working as President of Deaf Sports Australia. In 2011, after resigning from the position as President of Deaf Sports Australia, she was appointed to the ICSD Board of Directors.
ICSD President
On 31 July 2018, Valery Rukhledev announced his resignation as ICSD President following the alleged embezzlement of $803,800 from the All-Russian Society of the Deaf for which was reprimanded and arrested for involving in forgery charges while he was serving as the post of the society as well as the post of ICSD President. He was kept in house arrest for more than 2 months until 23 July 2018. He was replaced by Rebecca Adam on 1 August 2018 after being unanimously selected for the position until 2021 during the ICSD committee meeting. However this incident created further controversy as top Deaf sports movements criticised the appointment of Rebecca Adam without proper consent and approval. The arrest of former President, Rukhledev cautioned concerns over Italy in hosting the 2019 Winter Deaflympics but was later confirmed that the games would proceed despite the change in administration. On 13 September 2018, on a press release the newly appointed ICSD President Rebecca Adam confirmed that the 2019 Winter Deaflympics would take place as planned and scheduled during December 2019.
References
Living people
Deaf activists
Australian business executives
Australian women lawyers
Deaf people from Australia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cotmeana is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of fourteen villages: Bascovele, Bunești, Costești, Cotmeana, Dealu Pădurii, Drăgolești, Lintești, Negești, Pielești, Săndulești, Spiridoni, Ursoaia, Vârloveni and Zamfirești.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Qipengyuania is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
The 2005 Food City 500 was the 5th race of the 2005 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series season, held on April 3, 2005, at Bristol Motor Speedway in Bristol, Tennessee. Pole position was won by Elliott Sadler of Robert Yates Racing, who had a pole time of 15.022 seconds. Rusty Wallace would lead the most laps of the day with 157. In the end, Kevin Harvick would win.
Background
Qualifying
Elliott Sadler would win the pole with a 15.022. Meanwhile, Carl Edwards would crash during qualifying after spinning off of Turn 2, causing him to start at the back.
Race recap
For pre-race ceremonies, Mike Rife from the Vansant Church of Christ would give out the invocation. A moment of silence was held for the death of Pope John Paul II during invocation. Columbia Recordings' artist Buddy Jewell would sing the national anthem. Jerry Kilgore would give out the command to start engines.
Elliott Sadler would jump to the lead on the start. Almost immediately, on the third lap Kasey Kahne would get loose in Turn 2, causing the field to stack up. This would eventually cause a wreck between Jason Leffler and Hermie Sadler, and while they had damage, none of the two would retire. The field would restart on lap 10, but on lap 21 the second caution would come out when Kyle Busch would push up Joe Nemechek into the frontstretch wall, causing him to turn down and hit Casey Mears, which ended Mears' day. On the lap 36 restarts, Rusty Wallace would go to the lead. The third caution of the day came out when on lap 50 Stanton Barrett spun going into Turn 1, hitting the Turn 1 wall. Barrett would eventually retire due to oil pressure issues. The restart on lap 54 showed Wallce leading the field again, but the fourth caution would fly when Mike Bliss spun in Turn 1, collecting Kyle Busch. Michael Waltrip would take the lead from pit stops, and lead the field on the lap 75 restarts until getting passed by Kevin Harvick on lap 90. Wallace would take over the lead on lap 101, when on lap 136 debris resting in Turn 2 would put out the fifth caution of the day.
On the lap 143 restarts, Harvick would jump to the lead in two laps, but on lap 151 Ryan Newman would make contact with Ken Schrader going into Turn 3, cutting a tire down for Newman and causing him to spin.
Results
References
NASCAR
Bristol, Tennessee
Busan Citizens Park (formerly Camp Hialeah) is a former Imperial Japanese Army base and United States Army camp located in the Busanjin District of the city of Busan, South Korea. The Camp occupying of prime real estate was closed on 10 August 2006 and handed back to the Busan city government. It was redeveloped as the Busan Citizens Park () and opened on 1 May 2014.
History
Racetrack
During the Japanese occupation of Korea, a horse racing track encircling the main area of the Camp was owned by the Chōsen Racing Association. A visiting American sailor is purported to have named the camp after the Hialeah Park Race Track in Hialeah, Florida.
Imperial Japanese Army occupation
The area served as the Imperial Japanese Army headquarters in Busan until the surrender of Japan.
United States Army occupation
U.S. troops took command of Camp Hialeah on 17 September 1945 and remained until the end of 1948 when control of the installation passed to the U.S. Consulate and the United Nations.
Busan was a critical strategic and logistical staging area during the Korean War. By 5 September 1950, the Korean People's Army held most of the Korean peninsula, except for the U.N. forces beachhead around the Pusan Perimeter. Busan port facilities were under the control of the U.S. military to handle the enormous support requirements of the fighting forces, with the 8069th Replacement Depot operating Camp Hialeah. After the Korean Armistice Agreement was signed on 27 July 1953, most of the Busan port facilities were turned over to the ROK government.
Since the Korean War, Camp Hialeah was organised under different commands and missions. They included the 8069th Replacement Depot, the Korean Communications Zone, Busan Military Post, Busan Sub Area Command, Busan Area Command, Busan Base Command, 2nd Transportations Group, Busan Support Activity, U.S. Army Garrison-Busan, 34th, and 20th Support Groups, and 19th Theater Area Command, Area IV, 20th Area Support Group.
Camp Hialeah was a primary receiving point for material, equipment, supplies, and goods to U.S. Army bases in the Republic of Korea and was one of the primary Non-combatant Evacuation Operations (NEO) routes for U.S. personnel in and out of the Republic of Korea. Camp Hialeah supported tenant units that included:
142nd Quartermaster Battalion now designated the 142nd Combat Sustainment Support Battalion
Busan Storage Facility, the largest (cold) storage facility within U.S. Forces Korea for supplies and goods to commissaries and exchanges Korea-wide
61st Chemical Company
552nd Military Police Company
4th Quartermaster Detachment (Airborne).
Other tenant activities supported by Camp Hialeah included personnel of Air Force units at the Combat Ready Contingency Hospital,
25th Transportation Battalion
Communications unit and the AMC Terminal at Gimhae Air Base
837th Transport Battalion
Transportation Motor Pool
Defense Contract Management Command-Gimhae
Military Sealift Command Operations, US Navy
74th Signal Company
Defense Reutilization Management Operations
Chejudo Recreation Center
72nd Ordnance Company; C. Company
168th Medical Battalion
106th Medical Detachment
Criminal Investigations Division
Navy Office of Special Investigations
USAF Office of Special Investigations
665th Medical (Dental) Detachment
524th Military Intelligence Battalion
1st Signal Brigade\
154th Medical Detachment.
At its peak, the Camp and its associated facilities had a population of 2,500 U.S. military and Department of Defense civilian employees.
Return to Busan Government
Originally, the Camp was distant from residential areas, but as the city of Busan grew it eventually surrounded the Camp. Under the guidelines of the U.S.–South Korea Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA), comparable facilities that comply with U.S. standards and infrastructure are required to ensure quality of life for U.S. soldiers and families prior to installation relocation. On 1 June 2005, pursuant to the Amended Land Partnership Plan between the U.S. and the Republic of Korea, it was announced that Camp Hialeah would close. The last units to leave the installation were the 72nd Ordnance Company and 6th Korean Service Corps Company, which were reassigned on the Korean Peninsula; while the 552nd Military Police Company, 4th Quartermaster Detachment (Airborne) and the 61st Chemical Company relocated to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii, Alaska and Fort Lewis, Washington, respectively. On 10 August 2006 Camp Hialeah was formally returned to Busan Metropolitan City. The US and South Korean governments disagreed over the issue of environmental cleanup of the Camp and this delayed its redevelopment by 4 years until it was agreed that South Korea would meet the cleanup costs. The Camp was open to the public from 24 April to 30 September, 2010 before closing for redevelopment.
Busan Citizens Park
The site was redeveloped as Busan Citizens Park with 5 themes and 29 separate attractions. The Park opening was delayed due to the discovery of environmental contamination in 3 areas of the site. The Park was opened to the public on 1 May 2014. Several of the Park buildings are refurbished military base buildings including several Quonset huts.
See also
List of United States Army installations in South Korea
Children's Grand Park, Busan
References
External links
Busan Citizens Park website (English)
Parks in Busan
United States military in South Korea
2014 establishments in South Korea
Aidan Turner (born 19 June 1983) is an Irish actor. He played the roles of Ross Poldark in the 2015–2019 BBC adaptation of The Poldark Novels by Winston Graham, Dante Gabriel Rossetti in Desperate Romantics, Ruairí McGowan in The Clinic, and John Mitchell in the supernatural drama series Being Human. He played Kíli in The Hobbit film series (2012-2014).
Early life
Turner was born at home in Clondalkin, a suburban town of Dublin, Ireland. The family moved later to Walkinstown. Turner attended secondary school at St Mac Dara's Community College in Templeogue before leaving to join his older brother at Firhouse Community College. Turner has stated: “I probably wasn't a great student. I had a car when I was 17, so I used to just run out of school when I could, jump in the car and go play pool in Tallaght. I don't know how I knew, but I convinced myself that my [final exam] results were never going to matter to me."
Before becoming an actor, Turner was a successful ballroom dancer, once obtaining third place in the adult section of the Irish National Championships. After finishing secondary school, he briefly worked as an apprentice electrician, alongside his father. After he saw a notice up in Dublin's Gaiety School of Acting, and having become interested in acting while working in a cinema, he applied. He graduated from the Gaiety School of Acting in 2004.
Career
After graduating, Turner appeared in several theatre plays, including The Plough and the Stars, Romeo and Juliet, and A Cry from Heaven.
Turner's television acting career began in 2007 with an uncredited appearance on the first episode of The Tudors. In the same year he produced and starred in the film Porcelain, directed by Gavin Cleland, which was shot in a convent in Dublin. However only a trailer of the movie was ever released. Between 2008 and 2009, he appeared in a recurring role on The Clinic. Appearing in 18 episodes as Ruairí McGowan, he followed The Clinic with a BBC production, Desperate Romantics. He portrayed Dante Gabriel Rossetti in all six episodes of the show, which aired in 2009. Turner played the vampire John Mitchell on the supernatural drama programme Being Human during the first three series from 2009 to 2011.
His film career began with two short films, The Sound of People and Matterhorn, both in 2007. He later played Mal in the thriller feature film Alarm (2008).
His role on Being Human brought Turner to the attention of Peter Jackson, who cast him as the dwarf Kíli in The Hobbit trilogy (2012–2014). In 2014, he won the Empire Award for Best Male Newcomer for the second film in the series, The Desolation of Smaug, which had been released the previous year. In 2013, he also played shadowhunter-turned-werewolf Luke Garroway in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones.
In the 2015 BBC TV miniseries And Then There Were None, based on the Agatha Christie novel, he plays the cynical mercenary Philip Lombard.
Turner performed the title role of Ross Poldark in the 2015 revival of the BBC series. At the National Television Awards ceremony in 2016, Turner was presented with the "Impact Award" for his performance in Poldark.
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1983 births
21st-century Irish male actors
Irish male film actors
Irish male television actors
Living people
People from Clondalkin
The 2018 MBC Drama Awards (), presented by Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation(MBC) took place on December 30, 2018. It was hosted by Kim Yong-man and Seohyun.
Winners and nominees
Source:
Selfish Motive Awards
Best Couple Award: Jang Ki-yong and Jin Ki-joo - Come and Hug Me
Vocal King Award: Jang Hyuk - Bad Papa
Organic Parody Award: Kim Kang-woo and Uee - My Contracted Husband, Mr. Oh
Frustrator Award: Woo Do-hwan and Park Soo-young - Tempted
Fighting Performer Award: Seohyun - Time
In Awe Award: Shin Ha-kyun - Less Than Evil
Bromance Award: Son Ho-jun, So Ji-sub, and Kang Ki-young - My Secret Terrius
Presenters
Special performances
See also
2018 KBS Drama Awards
2018 SBS Drama Awards
References
External links
http://kshow123.net/show/2018-mbc-drama-awards/
https://www.viki.com/tv/36433c-2018-mbc-drama-awards?locale=en
https://www.soompi.com/article/1285603wpp/winners-2018-mbc-drama-awards
2018 in South Korean television
2018 television awards
MBC Drama Awards
Survivor is a satirical novel by Chuck Palahniuk, first published in February 1999. The book tells the story of Tender Branson, a member of the Creedish Church, a death cult. The chapters and pages are numbered backwards in the book, beginning with Chapter 47 on page 289 and ending with page 1 of Chapter 1.
Plot overview
In the book, every member of the Creedish Cult learns how to be a servant for the human race—most of them are butlers and maids—and fear most human pleasures. They await a sign from a higher power to tell them to deliver themselves unto Them; that is, they must commit suicide.
The sign finally comes, and a good ten years later, Tender becomes the last surviving member of the cult. He is thrown into mainstream culture and becomes a personal icon for many people.
Plot summary
The novel opens in medias res to Tender Branson, who has just hijacked an airliner, released its passengers, and is now sitting in the cockpit telling his life story to the cockpit voice recorder. He explains the events leading up to the hijacking.
Tender is a member of the Creedish Church, a cult which engaged in a mass suicide ten years previously. Surviving members of the cult have been steadily killing themselves since the mass suicide, in keeping with their belief that deliverance is at hand. At his dingy apartment, Tender receives telephone calls from people who want to kill themselves—the result of a newspaper misprint which printed his phone number as the number for a crisis hotline. One of these callers is Trevor Hollis, a man who wants to kill himself because of his recurring nightmares about disasters. Tender tells Trevor to kill himself, and soon after, reads his obituary in the paper. One day, Tender visits Trevor's grave and meets his sister, Fertility. Later that night, Tender has a weekly meeting with his caseworker from a government agency that keeps tabs on the survivors of suicide cults.
After their meeting, Fertility calls Tender thinking she has called the crisis hotline. Realizing who she is, Tender talks to her in a fake voice. Eventually, Fertility asks Tender to have phone sex with her, but he hangs up after turning her down. He then stops answering his phone in fear that she will be on the other line, growing more attracted to him as a mysterious voice than as a person. Later, Tender receives a suspicious call from a man he recognizes as a member of the Creedish Church, and soon realizes that the murderer of Creedish survivors is actually Creedish himself. While Tender is on a date with Fertility, a stranger approaches them on a bus and tells them facile jokes about the mass suicide. Tender recognizes the man's pants as Creedish dress and realizes he is Adam, his fraternal twin brother. Tender speaks Adam's name aloud, but when Adam asks if they are brothers, he desperately denies it.
Tender soon learns that he and Adam are the last two survivors of the Creedish Church. He begins receiving phone calls from journalists and publicity agents wanting his story. Tender's caseworker suffocates on a chemical solution of ammonia and chlorine that she was using to clean his fireplace, which had been secretly mixed together by Adam and whose intended target was Tender. Adam steals the dead caseworker's files on the Creedish suicides. The police suspect Tender, but he claims innocence and slips away. Tender, meanwhile, calls an agent and takes a flight to New York City. There he approaches a publicity agent, whose company gives him an extensive makeover in order to turn him into a religious celebrity. Tender agrees to the procedure, as he has no will to live and desires fame only in order to have an enormous audience for when he commits suicide.
As Tender's fame grows, he is constantly waiting for the opportune moment to kill himself. Then, as his popularity starts to wane, his agent tells him that he needs to perform a miracle in order to stay famous. Fertility who has psychic powers tracks down Tender and gives him a prediction to make on TV that will seem like a miracle when it comes true. When it does, Tender's fame swells to even greater proportions. This cycle repeats with further predictions. Tender's agent plans an elaborate wedding for him that will take place during the Super Bowl halftime show, at which point he will make another miraculous prediction. However, when the moment comes and the police arrive to arrest him, Tender causes a riot in the stadium by predicting the outcome of the game. Tender escapes with Adam and Fertility to a Ronald McDonald House.
After traveling cross-country, Tender and Adam steal a car that Fertility foretold would be unlocked in a particular parking lot. During their journey north to Canada, Adam recounts how the leaders of the Creedish Church terrorized the children into fearing sex by forcing them to watch every time a woman went into labor. Adam believes the only way to cure Tender is for him to have sex—to reject the Church doctrine at its core. Tender resists, and as Adam recounts the details of the "mental castration", Tender loses control and crashes the car. Tender reluctantly acquiesces to Adam's demand that he disfigure him with a rock, as long as Adam will tell him when to stop, but Adam keeps telling him to swing again until he dies. Immediately afterwards, Fertility shows up in a taxicab and takes Tender away.
Tender and Fertility travel to Oregon, where she plans to go on a quick job assignment as a surrogate mother to make some money; however, Fertility is actually barren, so her job is, in essence, prostitution. The job she takes coincidentally happens to be the employers from Tender's former job as a housekeeper. After dark, Tender sneaks into the house and has sex with Fertility in the guest bedroom. She informs him the next morning that she is pregnant, then leaves to board a plane to Sydney. In her planner that she leaves behind, Tender reads that someone is going to hijack the plane and crash it into the Australian outback. Following Fertility to the airport, Tender finds her, takes a gun belonging to Adam, and uses it to board the plane. He then begins searching for the "real" hijacker until the joke dawns on him and he realizes that he is the hijacker. The plot thus returns to the beginning, with Tender explaining that Fertility told him there was a way for him to escape the plane before it crashes, but on the record, he can't seem to figure it out.
The book ends mid-sentence, but without any definitive answer as to whether Tender lives or dies. However, it has been stated by the author that Tender survives, and an explanation is available on Chuck Palahniuk's official website.
Characters
Tender Branson The protagonist. By the end of the novel, he is the last surviving member of the Creedish Church/cult. At the beginning of the story, he works as a servant for a rich couple. He has been trained by the Creedish to be a menial laborer (i.e. a missionary of the Church), but he is bored with his existence and disillusioned with his faith. As the novel progresses, he becomes a religious celebrity and is credited for ideas and predictions that aren't really his. By the end of the story, he is wrongly believed to be a mass murderer. His story is recounted as an autobiography spoken into the black box of a plane he has hijacked and which is due to crash in just a few hours. Palahniuk has stated that he survives at the end of the novel by recording the last few minutes before the plane goes down and placing the recording beside the black box, all the while parachuting to safety, thus faking his own death.
Fertility Hollis A friend of Tender's. She meets him at her dead brother Trevor's crypt. At first, Fertility says she is repulsed by him, but as the novel progresses the two grow close. "Fertility" is not her real name but a pseudonym she uses for her job, which is acting as a surrogate mother for couples who cannot conceive. Her job is fraudulent in that she is actually sterile and has never managed to carry a child for a client. Fertility has the psychic ability to predict the future; she knows when, where, how, and to whom everything is going to happen, which takes all the fun out of life for her. She strikes up a friendship with Tender and helps him throughout the novel because she believes he is the only person who can surprise her. It is Fertility who leads Tender to hijack the plane. She also tells him that there is a way for him to "survive", but her meaning is ambiguous.
The Caseworker Tender's caseworker from the Suicide Retention Program. Her name is not given because Tender does not want to get her into trouble. She is assigned to him after the Creedish mass suicide, and generally leads a disappointing, unfulfilled life. Over the years, the caseworker diagnoses Tender with innumerable mental disorders from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (abbreviated "DSM"). One day, she helps Tender clean the house of his employers. She becomes obsessed with cleaning to the point that she virtually takes over Tender's job, even though she isn't very good at it. The caseworker eventually dies by inhaling chlorine gas created from an ammonia and bleach mixture made by Tender's brother Adam, who intended the gas for Tender.
The Agent Tender's publicity agent. His name is also not given. The agent is the brains behind Tender's popularity. He comes up with the ideas that Tender is credited for, such as his autobiography, the "Book of Very Common Prayer", and the Tender Branson Sensitive Materials Sanitary Landfill. He is also responsible for Tender's physical transformation, claiming that no one wants to listen to a fat messiah. He also believes that the key to Tender's success is to get as much publicity as possible. The agent dies from inhaling the same poisonous gas that killed Tender's caseworker, also attributable to Adam.
Adam Branson Adam is Tender's older twin brother. Because he was the firstborn, Adam got to stay in the Church community in Nebraska and marry, while Tender was among those sent to earn a living for the Church in the outside world. Adam is the person who leaked the community's illegal activities to the police ten years prior to the start of the novel, which was the event that instigated the community's mass suicide. Since then, Adam has been traveling the country, killing surviving members of the Church and masking the murders as suicides in order to motivate further suicides. His motivations are unclear. His goal seems to be to completely eradicate the Creedish beliefs and challenge the Church at its core. He also may see his actions as merciful to the victims of the cult brainwashing. In the course of the novel, he also kills the caseworker and the agent, making Tender the prime suspect in both murders. Adam and Fertility help Tender escape from the police as they come to arrest him, and as the brothers travel north in hiding, they return to the Creedish Church Compound, which is now the Sensitive Materials Sanitary Landfill. As they argue over their memories of the Creedish way of life, Tender crashes the car, which sends a dashboard figurine (of Tender) into Adam's eye. Adam forces Tender to beat him with a rock, thereby killing him.
Abandoned film adaptation
In 1999, 20th Century Fox optioned the novel. Jake Paltrow wrote a screenplay<ref name="lcps">Reynolds, Simon, [http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/movies/news/a123069/lawrence-circles-palahniuks-survivor.html Lawrence circles Palahniuk's 'Survivor'''], Digital Spy, 16 August 2008, retrieved 6 July 2010</ref> but the project was dropped after the September 11 attacks occurred. The project was in development at production company A Thousand Words to be written by Albert Torres and directed by Francis Lawrence. In 2003, Palahniuk said Trent Reznor had asked to do the music for Survivor'', adding "if it ever becomes a movie – which I doubt."
Editions
(hardcover, 1999)
(paperback, 2000)
Notes
References
1999 American novels
Novels by Chuck Palahniuk
W. W. Norton & Company books
Books with cover art by Rodrigo Corral
Big K was a short-lived multi format magazine published by IPC Magazines Ltd during the 1980s. The design of the magazine was very similar in style to their comic strip publications at the time, 2000ad and Roy of the Rovers and seemed to be aimed squarely at the younger computer user.
The March 1985 issue featured the first episode of the digitally created comic strip Shatter, although as this was the last Big K printed, it was also Shatter's only appearance until a run in Jon Sable: Freelance from issues #25-30 in June 1985.
See also
Computer and Video Games (magazine)
ACE
The Games Machine
Edge
GamesMaster (magazine)
References
External links
Archived Big K Magazines on the Internet Archive
Defunct computer magazines published in the United Kingdom
Video game magazines published in the United Kingdom
Home computer magazines
Magazines established in 1984
Magazines disestablished in 1985
Magazines published in London
The B. S. Cunningham Company was an automobile company established by Briggs Cunningham. It produced six different models in very small numbers, primarily to be raced at the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
History
In 1949 Briggs Cunningham met Phil Walters, who raced Midgets and Stock cars under the nom de course "Ted Tappet". Walters began driving for Cunningham, taking the wheel of the latter's Cadillac-powered Healey Silverstone the following year. Walters was also a partner with Bill Frick in Frick-Tappet Motors, which had started out as a Volkswagen and Porsche dealership but had begun building auto conversions called "Fordillacs" by installing new Cadillac V8 engines into 1949 Ford chassis.
Cunningham bought a Fordillac after seeing one at a hill-climb, planning to enter it in the 1950 24 Hours of Le Mans. The Fordillac was rejected by the Le Mans organizers due to its engine swap, so instead Cunningham entered two cars based on the Cadillac Series 61.
The first was dubbed "Petit Pataud" by the French in a possible reference to a puppy in a French children's book from the 1930s. This car's appearance was essentially stock, with changes that included a dual-carburetor intake manifold, brake cooling ducts, a second fuel tank, and extra lights.
While engine swaps were illegal, body modifications were permitted, so the second car had its stock body removed and a new aluminum body fabricated over a metal tube framework. The custom body, lower and narrower than stock, was designed and built with the help of engineer Howard Weinmann from Grumman. Another feature was the use of five carburetors. This car was named "Le Monstre".
Designer and bodywork specialist Bob Blake was hurredly brought in to repair "Petit Pataud" when it was damaged in a pre-race shunt with "Le Monstre". Blake later joined B. S. Cunningham and remained responsible for building the cars until 1955.
Brothers Cowles "Miles" Collier and Sam Collier partnered to drive "Petit Pataud", and finished in tenth place. Cunningham and co-driver Walters were in "Le Monstre", and finished one place behind the other Cadillac in eleventh place.
In preparation for his next attempt at Le Mans, Cunningham bought the Frick-Tappett Motors company. The operation was moved from Long Island, New York to West Palm Beach, Florida, and renamed the "B. S. Cunningham Company".
After fielding cars at Circuit de la Sarthe from 1951 to 1955, several of the Cunningham racing team retired following the 1955 Le Mans disaster. 1955 also marked the end of the grace period the American Internal Revenue Service allowed for a company to become profitable. With few cars having been built and no profits to show, the IRS reclassified the B. S. Cunningham Company as a hobby, meaning that the racing and production expenses were no longer tax deductible. Briggs Cunningham wound up the operation and sold the West Palm Beach factory.
Car models
C-1
The first product of the new company was the Cunningham C-1 roadster. On the design team were Cunningham, Walters, G. Briggs Weaver and Blake. Only one C-1 was built, with serial number 5101. The car was completed in late 1950, and is generally listed as from the 1951 model year.
The chassis was made of steel tubing with a central X-brace. The rear suspension was a custom-made De Dion tube. The tires were mounted on knock-off wire wheels. Wheelbase was , and the track front and rear was . The engine was a Cadillac V8.
The C-1 was used in practice at Le Mans, but did not race. In 1951 it appeared at the Mount Equinox hillclimb, where it finished fourth driven by John Fitch.
C-2R
The C-1 was followed by the C-2, of which three were built, all to racing specifications and so called C-2R. The C-2R's front suspension used Ford parts, while the rear suspension had Oldsmobile springs and the brake system used Cadillac components. Unable to secure a supply of the Cadillac engine, Cunningham substituted a version of the Chrysler FirePower V8 in the C-2R.
The C-2R debuted at Le Mans in 1951. All three cars were entered, driven by teams John Fitch and Phil Walters, George Rand and Fred Wacker Jr., and Briggs Cunningham and George Huntoon. The best finish was eighteenth, for the Fitch/Walters car.
C-3
To have his namesake cars homologated as a manufacturer for Le Mans, Cunningham undertook to build 25 examples of the C-3 road car.
The C-3 also used the Chrysler FirePower V8, but with a new intake manifold with four Zenith 1-bbl carburetors, and a dual exhaust system. Power was raised to from the factory version's .
Two different transmissions were offered; a three-speed manual from Cadillac, or Chrysler's Presto-Matic semi-automatic fluid-coupled two-speed with electric overdrive, for an effective selection of four forward ratios.
The C-3's large-diameter tube chassis was similar to that of the earlier C-2, but the C-2's De Dion tube gave way to a coil-spring live axle located by upper and lower trailing arms on each side.
Two pre-production cars similar in appearance to the C-2Rs were completed in West Palm Beach; a roadster with chassis number 5205, and a coupe with chassis number 5206X. A third chassis, number 5206, was sent to the workshops of carrozzeria Vignale in Turin, Italy, where it received a new coupe body styled by designer Giovanni Michelotti, then working at Vignale. The factory considered chassis 5206 the official prototype, and subsequent cars received the Michelotti body style.
Twenty-seven C3s were built. One reference reports eighteen coupes and nine convertibles. Others report twenty coupes and five convertibles with bodies by Vignale, plus the two cars bodied at the West Palm Beach factory. Initially priced at US$9,000 ($ in dollars ), the cost of a C-3 rose to US$15,000 ($ in dollars ) by 1951.
The New York Museum of Modern Art named the C-3 Continental Coupé one of the "10 Best Contemporary Automobiles".
C-4R and C-4RK
By the time development of the C-4R started, Bill Frick had left the company. The new car was designed by Weaver. During the car's development the team was also joined by mechanic and bodyman Herbert "Bud" Unger, who did the bodywork for the C-4R and C-5R. The C-4R was shorter, narrower, and lighter than the C-2R. The De Dion tube rear suspension was also gone. Although a new independent rear suspension of Cunningham's own design was touted early in the car's development, it seems that later a live axle on coil springs was substituted. Also new was a Cunningham-designed 5-speed manual transmission. Brakes were Chrysler Al-Fin units twenty percent larger than those on the C-2Rs, and the earlier car's wire wheels had been replaced with knock-off Halibrand magnesium wheels.
To provide Cunningham's cars with more power from their FirePower engine, Chrysler engineers John Platner and Don Moore began an engine development project called A311. In its ultimate form the A311 engine used a gear-driven, high-lift long-duration camshaft, special pistons, roller tappets, dual valve springs, special pushrods, Hilborn fuel injection with tuned intake stacks, and a compression ratio of 12:1. Output was estimated to have been , high enough to flex the block and require a stiffening plate between the bottom of the block and the sump. Cunningham used a carbureted version of the engine, and had to reduce the compression ratio to 7.5:1 to accommodate the fuel available to the teams at Le Mans.
Two C-4R roadsters were built, as well as a single coupe with truncated bodywork designed in collaboration with German aerodynamicist Wunibald Kamm that was designated the C-4RK.
During practice at the 1952 24 Hours of Le Mans the new transmissions caused problems, and were replaced with 3-speeds. In the end the C-4R of Briggs Cunningham and Bill Spear finished fourth overall. At the 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans a C-4R roadster finished seventh, and the C-4RK coupe tenth. The C-4Rs returned to La Sarthe in 1954 to take third and fifth.
A C-4R won the 1953 12 Hours of Sebring.
In 1954, a C-4R driven by Briggs Cunningham and Sherwood Johnston finished sixth in the 12 Hours of Reims.
C-5R
A single all-new C-5R was prepared for the 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans. The front suspension comprised a solid beam axle sprung by torsion bars. This reduced weight by and allowed the use of diameter Al-Fin drum brakes mounted inboard of the wheels. At the rear was a live axle on coil springs as on the later C-4Rs.
The engine remained the Chrysler V8, but power had been increased by . A 4-speed transmission from a Fiat truck replaced the earlier 3-speed units.
When the car arrived at Le Mans for the race the French observers named it "Le Requin Souriant" — the smiling shark.
At the end of the 24 Hours Walters and Fitch finished first in class and third overall.
C-6R
Primary responsibility for the chassis and body design of the C-6R fell to Unger. Engines considered for the car included a two-stroke inverted V-12 designed by Mercury Marine's Carl Kiekhaefer, and the Ferrari V-12 from the Italian marque's 375 MM.
The engine finally chosen was the four-cylinder Offenhauser from Meyer & Drake. After consulting with Leo Goossen, the engine's designer, Cunningham's team managed to get power output up to .
The transmission in the C-6R was a four-speed manual by ZF.
At the 1955 Le Mans the C-6R retired on lap 202. Second and third gears had failed, and the engine burned a piston, ending the car's run.
The car raced at Elkhart Lake a few months later, where the engine failed again. The Offy was then replaced by a Jaguar inline-six engine.
Model comparison
Racing stripes
It is claimed that the Cunningham cars were the first to be painted with what are now called racing stripes.
The International colors for American entries of the time were white bodies with blue frame rails. With their enveloping bodywork the Cunningham racers' frame rails were covered, so the obscured blue frame rails were represented by two blue stripes running the length of the cars' bodies. These were originally called Cunningham stripes.
Some point to a 1930s Delahaye 145 as an example of prior art. After winning the Grand Prix du Million prize in 1939, this car had a red and white stripe painted diagonally across the forward part of the blue colored body, completing the French Tricoleur.
References
Further reading
External links
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Florida
Sports car manufacturers
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Paris Babis (; born 17 July 1999) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Super League club Lamia.
Career
AEK Athens
On 21 August 2017, Babis signed a professional contract with AEK Athens.
On 31 October 2018, Babis made his debut in Greek Cup in a 4–0 away win game against Apollon Larissa.
Loan moves
On 28 January 2019, Babis was loaned to Apollon Pontus.
On 7 September 2019, Babis signed with Football League club Kalamata.
On 31 January 2020, Babis moved to Super League 2 club Platanias.
On 6 October 2020, he was loaned to Apollon Larissa.
Career statistics
Honours
AEK Athens
Superleague: 2017–18
References
External links
Worldfootball profile
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
AEK Athens F.C. players
Apollon Pontou FC players
Kalamata F.C. players
Platanias F.C. players
Apollon Larissa F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Athens
Grégoire Orlyk, also Hryhor Orlyk (, November 5, 1702, Baturyn – November 14, 1759, Minden), was a French military commander, special envoy and member of Louis XV's secret intelligence service. Grégoire Orlyk was born in Ukraine, the son of Ukrainian hetman in exile Pylyp Orlyk and Hanna Hertsyk. He received a good education in Sweden, served in Poland and Saxony, and participated in the secret efforts of France to restore Stanisław Leszczyński to the Polish throne. He later commanded the king's regiment of Royal suedois. For his intelligence work and military exploits he was given the title of comte and promoted to the general's rank of Maréchal de camp. Grégoire Orlyk was an acquaintance of the French philosopher Voltaire, and championed the Ukrainian cause in France and other countries.
Background
Hryhor Orlyk was born on November 5, 1702, in Baturyn, the capital of Cossack Hetmanate in the family of Cossacks' General scribe Pylyp Orlyk. The family was very well connected with the then hetman Ivan Mazepa, who became Hryhor's godfather. After Mazepa's defeat at Poltava in 1709 him and his allies, including the family of Pylyp Orlyk fled Ukraine for the Ottoman territory – Bendery, (present day Moldova), where Orlyk and his family together with other Ukrainian émigrés and the defeated Swedish king Charles XII had lived for five years. Upon Mazepa's death, Pylyp Orlyk was proclaimed the hetman of Ukraine in exile and by agreement between Tsardom of Russia and the Ottoman Empire in 1714 Charles XII and his allies were allowed safe passage to Sweden.
In Sweden the young Orlyk was signed up in the Swedish royal guard until in 1716 he began his studies at the Lund University. There he spent two years and received good education: studied music (and became a proficient lute player), philosophy and metaphysics, became fluent in Latin and several other European languages. After two more years in king's service in 1720 his father moved to Germany and took his son with him. There with the help of his father in 1721 he received a lieutenant's post in the cavalry guard of Saxony. His service there didn't last long, as in 1726 Russia demanded from Saxony his extradition and the young officer moved first to Austria and then to Poland, where he became an adjutant of the crown hetman. Eventually Orlyk allied himself with the pro-French party within the court that was trying to restore on the Polish throne Stanisław Leszczyński. Orlyk acted as a secret liaison between Joseph Poniatowski and the French ambassador in Warsaw.
In French secret service
In 1729 Orlyk was entrusted with the mission to bring upon the death of king August II the exiled former king Stanisław Leszczyński from France to Poland. For this mission he was issued false travel documents and disguised as a Swedish officer Gustav Bartel went to Paris. In Fontainebleau he met Leszczyński and got a promise from him to restore his father Pylyp Orlyk as a hetman of Ukraine in exchange for his services. In Paris he also met Cardinal Flery, the first minister of Louis XV and discussed with him the prospects of Stanisław Leszczyński's restoration in Poland. In 1730 he entered into French diplomatic service and was sent on a secret mission to Istanbul to set up an anti-Russian coalition with the Turks and the Crimean Tatars. Two years later he was dispatched again to Istanbul and from there to the Crimean khan Qaplan I Giray, where he urged Tatars to attack Russia and help him in his cause.
After the death of Polish King August August II in 1733 as per his agreement with the French we brought from Paris to Warsaw Stanisław Leszczyński and a million florins necessary to secure Leszczyński's election with the bribes. On his return to Paris Louis XV rewarded him with a diamond ring and the queen, the daughter of Stanisław Leszczyński gave him her portrait adorned with precious stones. However, in less than 3 years Leszczyński lost the throne of Poland and had to flee to Königsberg, from where Grégoire Orlyk, as he became known, brought him back to France. In 1734 and 1735 he made further trips to Turkey and to Crimea and in 1737 to Sweden fostering the anti-Russian alliance, which in spite of his efforts did not materialize. Louis XV contemplated appointing him French ambassador to Turkey, but under pressure from St. Petersburg he changed his mind. In the 1740s Grégoire Orlyk offered to the king an ambitious plan of resettling Ukrainian Cossacks to the Rhine region under French protection, but with Turkey's objections it was dropped too. Later on Orlyk belonged to the special intelligence service of Luis XV – Secret du Roi and went on clandestine missions to many European countries, for which he received numerous praise, including the highest decorations from France, Poland and Sweden.
Military leader
In 1747 through marriage Grégoire Orlyk acquired substantial wealth and bought a colonel's commission in the king's regiment Royal suedois. He fought in the Seven Years' War in Europe, distinguished himself in the battle of Rosbach and the siege of Charleroi. For his exploits in the battle he was given the title of a comte and was promoted to the junior general's rank of Maréchal de camp. In 1759 he commanded an army corps under the marshal of France comte de Broglie and was further promoted to the rank of lieutenant-general. On November 14, 1759, at the battle near German town of Minden he was fatally wounded in the chest and died on the same day.
Legacy
Upon the death of his father Pylyp Orlyk, Grégoire Orlyk became the unofficial leader of Ukrainian emigrees in Europe. While in France, he met several times with Voltaire and advised Voltaire on his work History of Charles XII, King of Sweden (1731).
The first biography of Grégoire Orlyk was by the historian Elie Borschak, who published Hryhor Orlyk, France's Cossack General in 1956. This biography contained many interesting and new discoveries about Orlyk. However, this book made the erroneous claim that the Orly commune near Paris was named after Grégoire Orlyk, who had his estate in the area. This is false as the name was in use in Roman times.
In 2006 voluminous records of Orlyk's clandestine correspondence with Louis XV within the Secret du Roi were discovered in the French archives and are being studied.
Literature
Iryna Dmytrychyn. Grégoire Orlyk – Un Cosaque ukrainien au service de Louis XV. L'Harmattan, Paris.
Orest Subtelny. Ukraine. A history. University of Toronto press. 1994. .
Borschak Е. Hryhor Orlyk, France's Cossack General, Toronto, 1956
References
French people of Ukrainian descent
French people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
18th-century French military personnel
18th-century Ukrainian people
Gregoire
1702 births
1759 deaths
People from Chernihiv Oblast
People from the Cossack Hetmanate
Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Rüdiger Oppermann (born 1954) is a German harpist and experimental musician. He specializes in the Celtic harp, which he began playing in 1973. His instrument, a custom-made clàrsach, has 38 gold-plated bronze strings and a special mechanism that allows him to bend notes in a manner akin to blues musicians; a style that he often adopts in his improvisations. He has also developed electro-acoustic instruments.
A peripatetic musician devoted to exploring all musical cultures, Oppermann has collaborated with folk musicians from around the world (particularly Africa and Asia), who he often invites playing at his Klangwelten music festival in Germany, yet he favours an experimental approach in playing traditional melodies, often involving improvisation, unusual instrumentation and sometimes even electronics, including digital-delay effects. He has written and performed music for dance theatre productions and small jazz-influenced combos in addition to folk music ensembles.
A musician with a wide and eclectic artistic vision, he has dedicated his compositions to artists as diverse as medieval mystics such as Rumi and Hildegard von Bingen, fellow harpists such as Alan Stivell and Deborah Conant, and modern-day rock and jazz improvisors on electric guitar. He also recorded one album with jazz harpist Park Stickney. Oppermann's records usually feature some solo performances on the wire-strung Celtic harp alongside band pieces involving folk musicians from around the world (playing traditional instruments), and sometimes a few jazz musicians, to accompany him.
Rudiger Oppermann might be best described as a free-style and experimental folk musician, who draws on both ancient and modern musics and musical traditions, to create a melting pot of musical cultures that cannot be ascribed to any one folk tradition. On the sleeve notes to his record 'Unchain my Harp' (1994), he described himself as seeking to create "fresh buds on old trees with strong roots."
He is married to the classical harpist Cynthia (Mowery) Oppermann. He does not play classical music himself but his compositions, often involving intimate ensemble playing, can have some similar qualities to chamber music or early music ensembles, notwithstanding their electro-acoustic sound or frequent use of non-European rhythms and percussion. The classical violinist Yehudi Menuhin was one of the first internationally renowned artists to express appreciation for Oppermann's artistic originality and very distinctive musical sound. A winner of international harp competitions during the mid-1980s, more recently he has won awards in Germany in recognition of his contribution to "world music" and the innovative nature of his Klangwelten music festival. Since 2000, he has operated a small independent record label, Klangwelten Records, which has issued some albums of classical music in addition to folk music records and many of his own projects.
Discography
1974: Live in Ingelheim (Sampler/Songbird)
1981: Zongo
1983: Der fliegende Teppich (self-published)
1984: Silberfluss live (self-published)
1985: Live at Findhorn (Findhorn Records)
1985: Reise nach Harfistan (Wundertüte)
1986: Silberfluss (Wundertüte)
1987: KlangWelten (Sampler/Wundertüte)
1988: Neues aus Harfistan (Wundertüte)
1988: Rosen und Dornen (Wirkstatt)
1990: KlangWelten (Sampler/Network)
1990: Harp Attack Live (self-published)
1990: Durchs Wilde Harfistan (Wundertüte)
1990: Troubadix Rache (Single/Wundertüte)
1991: Changing Tide (Harp Attack/Shamrock)
1992: Same Sun, Same Moon (live) (Shamrock)
1992: Rudolstadt Festival (Sampler/Rudolstadt)
1993: Unchain My Harp (Biber)
1994: Rendez-Vous 2 (Sampler/Biber)
1994: Acoustic Special (Sampler/Shamrock)
1995: Planet Soup (Sampler/Ellipsis arts)
1996: The Art Of Harp, Vol. 1 (Sampler/Shamrock)
1996: From Worldbeat To Blue Note (Sampler/Shamrock)
1996: Its Only Kraut (Sampler/Profolk)
1996: Das vertonte Dorf (SBW Russbach)
1997: Sanddorn, Musik für TanzTheater (Rigolo)
1997: Karawane (Shamrock)
1997: Harpestry (Sampler/PolyGram)
1997: The Art Of Harp, Vol. 2 (Sampler/Shamrock)
1997: Music For Friends (Sampler/Network)
1998: Celtic Harpestry (CD und Video/PolyGram)
1998: Fragile Balance (Shamrock)
1999: Spirit Of The Steppe (Naturaufnahmen/Shamrock)
1999: The Art Of Harp, Vol. 3/4 (Doppel-CD/Shamrock)
2000: Songs Of The Wind (Windharp, Bauer)
2000: KlangWelten 2000 (Sampler/KlangWelten Records)
2001: Weit die Füsse tragen... (KlangWelten Records/Wirkstatt)
2001: Contemplations On The Earth (Sampler, Biber)
2001: Bauer's Best (Sampler/Bauer Verlag)
2001: KlangWelten 2001 (KlangWelten Records)
2003: KlangWelten 2003 (Sampler/KlangWelten Records)
2004: Harp Summit (Duo mit Park Stickney/KlangWelten Records)
2004: Same Sun Same Moon Same Water (Rigolo Dance Theatre)
2004: Harp House (Edinburgh International Harp Festival)
2004: Same Same But Different (KlangWelten Records)
2005: KlangWelten 2005 (Sampler/KlangWelten Records)
2006: Wake Up - Best (Sampler/Zounds, 24 Karat Gold-CD, all titles digital remastered, CD-Text)
2006: KlangWelten 2006 (Sampler/KlangWelten Records)
2007: KlangWelten 2007 "Far East - Far West" (Sampler/KlangWelten Records)
2008: KlangWelten - Worldmusic Festival 2008 (Sampler/KlangWelten Records)
2010: Dance With Me: selected works for the dance theater and dance floor 1982-2010 (Klangwelten Records)
External links
Rüdiger Oppermann official site
German folk harpists
1954 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Muktainagar is the Municipal council in district of Jalgaon, Maharashtra.
History
Muktainagar is a Municipal Council city and tehsil in district of Jalgaon, Maharashtra. Muktainagar is a large town with total 5352 families residing. Muktainagar has population of 23970 of which 12433 are males while 11537 are females as per Population Census 2011.
Municipal Council election
Electoral performance 2018
References
Municipal councils in Maharashtra
Jalgaon district
Biddell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
George Biddell Airy (1801–1892), English mathematician and astronomer
Kerrie Biddell (1947–2014), Australian jazz singer, pianist, and vocal teacher
William Biddell (1825–1900), English politician
See also
Bidwell (surname)
Carndonagh railway station is a disused station that served the town of Carndonagh and surrounding area in County Donegal, Ireland. It was the terminal station on the branch line of the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Line that served the northern part of the Inishowen peninsula. This extension was known as the Buncrana to Carndonagh branch line, and measured 18.5 miles. The line was sometimes also known as the Carndonagh extension.
History
Construction of the extension line from Buncrana to Carndonagh started in May 1899. A ceremony marking the beginning of work was held in the Carndonagh on May 23, 1899. Lady Balfour, wife of the chief secretary of Ireland, "cut the first sod". Lord Balfour also attended the event, along with Mr Thomas Robertson, chairman of the Irish Board of Works. The previous night there was a torchlight procession and bonfire celebration in the town. During the festivities, a tar barrel fell on two children, killing one and severely burning the other. In his opening remarks, Lord Balfour expressed his regret for the accident.
The station opened on 1 July 1901. The Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway provided passenger services and goods transportation from their Londonderry Graving Dock station to Buncrana and northwards to Clonmany, Ballyliffin and Carndonagh.
During the Irish Civil War, the Free State Army used the Buncrana to Carndonagh extension to transport troops and gain control of the North Inishowen. Services to the station were temporarily suspended in early July 1922, but were eventually restored after Free State Forces gained control of Carndonagh.
The Clonmany local councillor - John McCarron - was assaulted at the station. He was returning home from a District Board meeting held in Carndonagh on February 1, 1909. As he tried to enter a train carriage, McCarron was confronted by John Doherty (Roe) of Buncrana. Doherty wanted to prevent access to the carriage in order to play a card game with colleagues. Doherty hit McCarron in the face, causing McCarron's mouth to bleed and loosen a tooth. Doherty had previous convictions for drunkenness, using obscene language and obstruction. The local magistrate bound over Doherty to keep the peace.
in 1917, Eamonn De Valera passed through the station, travelling to a political meeting in the town.
In April 1928, the midday Londonderry train collided with a horse and cart as it was traversing a level crossing about a mile from the railway station. The train destroyed the cart and severely mutilated the horse, which was subsequently put down. The rider, a boy called Neal Doherty, received minor injuries.
In February 1933, a large barrel, containing 160 lbs of yeast was seized by the authorities at the station. The barrel was described in the manifest as "apples" while the delivery address was fictitious. The consignment was almost certainly destined to be used for the illicit production of Poitín. At the time, ownership and use of yeast was highly regulated as part of the effort to clamp down on the illegal production of alcohol. The press described the seizure as the largest ever recorded in Inishowen.
Throughout the 1930s, the station was used as a seed distribution point to local farmers by the Irish Free State Department of Agriculture.
The station had a corn store to provide warehousing facilities for agricultural products. The building was demolished in 1935 to make way for an alcohol factory.
As local road transportation improved, passengers and goods moved away from the railways and the line faced mounting financial pressures. The station was closed on 2 December 1935, along with all the other stations north of Buncrana. The rail tracks were torn up in February 1939.
Travel times and fares
When the line opened in 1901, the advertised fare from Londonderry to Carndonagh was four shillings, three shillings, and two shillings for first, second and third class respectively. The return fares from Buncrana to Carndonagh were three shillings, two shillings and three pence, and one shilling and sixpence for each of the three classes of travel.
In 1930, the rail timetable indicated a travel time from Carndonagh to Buncrana of one hour and fifteen minutes. The journey from Carndonagh to Clonmany was scheduled to take 30 minutes. At that time, the day return 3rd class fare for that journey was advertised to be 2 shillings and sixpence.
Station buildings today
The railway station and station master's house are still largely intact and can be found in the Churchland Quarters district of the town. The station buildings were constructed in 1900–1. The main building comprises a central three-bay two-storey block with attached four-bay single-storey block to east and single-bay single-storey block to west.
When the line closed in 1935, the station master's house was converted into a residence. More recently, the main station building is used as commercial offices. The former railway goods sheds and former engine house to the north of site survive in relatively good condition, despite some alterations and modern additions. The buildings are listed in Ireland's National Inventory of Architectural Heritage on account of their social and historical importance.
Gallery
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1907
Railway stations closed in 1935
1907 establishments in Ireland
1935 disestablishments in Ireland
The Edificio Ex Hotel Mundial is a former hotel building in Santiago, Chile. Located on a triangular lot, the building was commissioned by La Mundial Insurance Company and built in 1920–1923. In 1935, the building was offered for rental and operated as a hotel until 1975.It is close to the Iglesia de las Agustinas.
The building shares a similar architectural style with the building housing the Santiago Stock Exchange and the Club de la Unión, all of which are located in the same area as the Edificio Ariztía, which is bordered by the Paseo Ahumada to the east and the Alameda Avenue to the south. The main corner of the building features a cylindrical structure, which is adorned with pilasters and topped with a cupola.
References
Buildings and structures in Santiago
1923 establishments in Chile
Hotel buildings completed in 1923
Defunct hotels
Louise Abel (September 7, 1894 - 1981) was a German-American sculptor and ceramist.
Abel was born in Widdern, Württemberg, Germany, and in 1909 immigrated to the United States with her parents.
She studied at the Kunstgewerbeschule in Stuttgart, as well as the Cincinnati Art Academy, the Art Students League in New York, The Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation, the Barnes Foundation, the Pratt Institute, the Institute of Design at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, and the University of Cincinnati College of Liberal Arts. From 1919 to 1932 she worked as a decorator and sculptor at the Rookwood Pottery Company, where she sculpted many of the company's animal and figural works. In 1959 she returned to Germany.
References
German Immigrant Artists in America: A Biographical Dictionary, Peter C. Merrill, Scarecrow Press, 1997, page 1. .
The Book of Rookwood Pottery, Herbert Peck, Crown Publishing Group, 1988, page 142.
American arts & crafts from the collection of Alexandra & Sidney Sheldon, Katherine Plake Hough, Palm Springs Desert Museum, 1993, page 55.
Women artists in the United States: a selective bibliography and resource guide on the fine and decorative arts, 1750-1986, Paula L. Chiarmonte, G.K. Hall, 1990, page 474. .
External links
The Kings Fortune article
AskArt entry
Archive of Letters & Sketchbook by Cincinnati Artist Louise Abel (auction)
1894 births
1981 deaths
American women ceramists
American ceramists
American women sculptors
People from Heilbronn (district)
Art Academy of Cincinnati alumni
Art Students League of New York alumni
Pratt Institute alumni
Illinois Institute of Technology alumni
University of Cincinnati alumni
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American women artists
German emigrants to the United States
Rookwood Pottery Company
Kim Ho-Jun (; born 21 June 1984) is a South Korean football player who plays for Busan IPark.
His debut was a match against Daejeon Citizen in 2005.
Club career statistics
External links
1985 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
South Korean footballers
FC Seoul players
Jeju United FC players
Gimcheon Sangmu FC players
Gangwon FC players
K League 1 players
The Alpler Horn is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located south of Muotathal in Central Switzerland. It lies north of the Schächentaler Windgällen, within the part of the Muota valley that belongs to the canton of Uri.
The Waldistock and Alpler Stock summits, on its east side, overlook the Waldisee.
References
External links
Alpler Horn on Hikr
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of the canton of Uri
Mountains of Switzerland
The Orange County Sheriff's Office is the chief law enforcement agency for Orange County, Florida. The office is large with a budget of more than $300 million and over 2,700 sworn and civilian employees. The current sheriff, John Mina, was elected in a 2018 special election, and is the chief law enforcement officer of Orange County responsible for the safety of over one million residents and the more than 72 million tourists that visit Orange County each year.
History
The first sheriff of Orange County dates from the earliest days of Florida's statehood in 1845. On January 31, 1845, the area known as Mosquito County in Territorial Florida was renamed Orange County, a name reflective of the spreading blanket of orange groves throughout the region. Less than six weeks later, on March 3, 1845, Florida's status as a territory was changed to that of statehood. The first statewide election was conducted on May 26, 1845. William Henry Williams was elected to serve as Orange County's first sheriff.
Since 1845, numerous prominent individuals have held the position of the Orange County Sheriff, including David William Mizell. Mizell was the only sheriff killed in the line of duty. There have been numerous theories and tales regarding the story which led to his demise, ranging from the local tradition of the Barber–Mizell feud to Reconstruction politics to a lawman simply attempting to do his additional duty of levying fines and collecting taxes.
In 2000, during a hostage standoff in Orlando, a SWAT team sniper accidentally shot a hostage instead of the hostage-taker. The city and the OCSO settled with the hostage's family for $3.9 million dollars, with OCSO paying $1.9 million.
In 2004, state senator Gary Siplin stated that the OCSO routinely used deadly force against unarmed African Americans.
Together with the Orlando Police Department, the OCSO responded to the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting.
Deaths
Since 1870, one Sheriff, 17 Deputy Sheriffs, and one Corrections Officer have died in the line of duty.
1. Sheriff David W. L. Mizell
EOW: Monday, February 21, 1870
Cause: Gunfire
2. Deputy Sheriff Bobby L. Corley, Sr.
EOW: Sunday, August 8, 1965
Cause: Vehicular assault
3. Deputy Sheriff Samuel Parker, Jr.
EOW: Thursday, January 23, 1975
Cause: Motorcycle accident
4. Deputy Sheriff Arnold William Wilkerson
EOW: Tuesday, January 10, 1984
Cause: Gunfire
5. Deputy Sheriff Frank Nelson Seton
EOW: Wednesday, January 4, 1989
Cause: Fall
6. Deputy Sheriff Thomas Allen Ingram
EOW: Saturday, May 12, 1990
Cause: Vehicular assault
7. Deputy Sheriff Harry Jordan Dalton, Jr.
EOW: Monday, March 25, 1991
Cause: Gunfire
8.Deputy Sheriff John Joseph Creegan
EOW: Wednesday, May 29, 1996
Cause: Vehicular assault
9. Deputy Sheriff Grady Terrill Braddock
EOW: Wednesday, May 27, 1998
Cause: Vehicular assault
10. Deputy Sheriff John Harold Hollomon
EOW: Tuesday, December 15, 1998
Cause: Automobile accident
11. Deputy Sheriff James Marcus "Jimmy" Weaver
EOW: Monday, November 24, 2003
Cause: Struck by vehicle
12. Deputy Sheriff Mariano "Rocky" Lemus, Jr.
EOW: Friday, May 6, 2005
Cause: Duty related illness
13. Deputy Sheriff Michael Anthony Callin
EOW: Wednesday, August 2, 2006
Cause: Vehicular assault
14. Corrections Officer Mark Lindsey Parker
EOW: Thursday, March 19, 2009
Cause: Gunfire
15. Master Deputy Craig A. Heber
EOW: Wednesday, July 21, 2010
Cause: Heart attack
16. Deputy First Class Brandon Lee Coates
EOW: Wednesday, December 8, 2010
Cause: Gunfire
17. Detective Michael K. Erickson
EOW: Wednesday, March 16, 2011
Cause: Heart attack
18. Deputy Sheriff Jonathan Scott Pine
EOW: Tuesday, February 11, 2014
Cause: Gunfire
19. Deputy First Class Norman Lewis
EOW: Monday, January 9, 2017
Cause: Traffic Accident
Notable people
Sandy Adams, investigator, later member of the Florida House of Representatives (2002–2010) and US House (2011–2013)
Kevin Beary, sheriff (1993–2009)
Jerry Demings, sheriff (2009–2018)
John W. Mina, sheriff (2019–present)
See also
List of U.S. state and local law enforcement agencies
County sheriff (Florida)
Notes
External links
Orange County Sheriff's Office
Orange County, Florida
Sheriffs' departments of Florida
1845 establishments in Florida
Christiana Boateng may refer to:
Christiana Boateng (athlete) (1943–?), Ghanaian sprinter
"Walk Em Down" is a song by American rapper NLE Choppa featuring American rapper Roddy Ricch. It was released on March 19, 2020, by Warner Records as the third single from NLE Choppa's debut studio album Top Shotta.
Background
NLE Choppa talked about the track in an interview with Complex. He said that he linked up with Roddy Ricch through Instagram's DMs.
Composition and lyrics
On the song, Choppa, who usually has a "wild and rambunctious" delivery, employs his verses with more "reserve". Complex magazine's Jessica McKinney noted the "lyrical message is similar to Choppa's past songs, but the delivery is more melodic and smooth". McKinney attributed this to featured artist Roddy Ricch, who "may have served as some inspiration behind NLE's switch-up".
Critical reception
Billboard named the song one of the most essential releases of the week, calling it a "menacing anthem". The song has inspired the #WalkEmDownChallenge on video-sharing app TikTok.
Music video
The music video was released on March 19, 2020, along with the release of the single.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
NLE Choppa songs
Roddy Ricch songs
Songs written by Roddy Ricch
Songs written by CashMoneyAP
Songs written by NLE Choppa
The Herder-Gymnasium is a gymnasium in the German city of Minden. It is one of three gymnasium schools in the city. Founded in 1964 as the Städtischen neusprachlichen Gymnasiums für Jungen und Mädchen, it was renamed three years later after the theologian Johann Gottfried Herder.
Its full name is the Herder-Gymnasium Minden mit Caroline−von–Humboldt–Gymnasium, reflecting its 1989 merger with the Caroline-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium, founded in 1826 and named after Caroline von Humboldt, wife of the diplomat Wilhelm.
External links
Homepage
Buildings and structures in Minden (city)
Schools in North Rhine-Westphalia
Johann Gottfried Herder
G. bidentata may refer to:
Gnathifera bidentata, a fringe-tufted moth
Gonomyia bidentata, a crane fly
Gynoplistia bidentata, a crane fly
Dilari (डिलारी) is a village in Moradabad district and subdistrict in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is about 18 km from Moradabad. Dilari is famous for its production and manufacturing of sugar cane and peppermint oil (Mentha oil).It is also famous for the production of Mango, Wheat and Rice.This village have roots in history since 1734. There are many documents to prove that Dilari was settled in 1734 by Thakur Bhagwant Singh (king of "Medu" clan near Hathras).
Demographics
2001 census, Dilari had a population of 9984. Males constitute 53% of population whereas females 47%. Dilari has an average literacy rate of 74%, higher than national average literacy rate of 59.5%; male literacy is 82% and female literacy is 66%. In Dilari 15% of population is under 6 years of age. As there are many educational centres in the city, the literacy has been constantly increasing. The languages spoken are Hindi, Urdu, Punjabi, English.
Education
Saraswati Shishu Mandir Dilari
Saraswati Vidya Mandir Inter College Govindpur Dilari
Sarvodaya Inter College Dilari
Amardeep Navjyoti JHS Dilari
Shri Sai Public School Govindpur Dilari
KD education public school Dilari
References
Villages in Moradabad district
Charles Battershill, (born June 17, 1956) was briefly the nominated Green Party of Canada candidate for the Toronto--Danforth federal electoral riding. He stepped down not long after his nomination for personal reasons. Battershill has lived in the Toronto—Danforth riding for five years.
Education and work history
Battershill received a Bachelor of Arts (Hons) from the University of Calgary in 1980, a Master of Arts from York University in 1983 and a PhD, again from York University, in 1989.
Battershill is a professor of social science at York University, where he teaches on such topics as global capitalism, technology and civilization, and the industrial revolution. He received his Ph.D. in 1989, and taught until 1994. Then he spent the next seven years in the securities industry in Toronto, working in finance and investment. For the next three years he worked with start up companies in health care and internet marketing. He returned to teaching in 2003.
Union involvement
At York University, Battershill is a member and All University Pensions Committee Representative of the Political Action and Research Committee of the Canadian Union of Public Employees.
Political involvement
The 40th Canadian federal election would have been Battershill's first time running for public office. While a Green Party candidate, Battershill was a proponent of a tax shift involving carbon tax. He advocates for the use of public transport, and opposes the development of the Portlands Energy Centre.
Footnotes
Living people
1956 births
University of Calgary alumni
York University alumni
York University faculty
Henry, Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard (before 1412 – 26 May/20 August 1466) was the ruling Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard, including the Lordships of Neubrandenburg, Stargard, Strelitz and Wesenberg, from 1417 to 1466. He is sometimes called "Henry the Elder" to distinguish him from Duke Henry IV of Mecklenburg.
Life
Henry was born before 1412 as the youngest child of Duke Ulrich I of Mecklenburg-Stargard and his wife Margaret. He ruled Neubrandenburg, initially under guardianship. In 1436 he and his cousin Duke John III of Mecklenburg-Stargard and Henry IV, Duke of Mecklenburg, inherited the Lordship of Werle. After John III's death, Henry ruled all of Mecklenburg-Stargard.
Henry was considered a warlike ruler. Thomas Kantzow called him "a wicked robber, who always bothers the Mark (i.e. Brandenburg) and the entire country all the way to Stettin, who was mad at all the cows, leaving Duke Joachim of Stettin wondering where he stored all the hides". During Henry's reign, the Peace of Wittstock was concluded, which permanently fixed the southeastern boundary of Mecklenburg.
Marriage and issue
Henry married three times:
Jutta (d. 1427), the daughter of Lord Nicholas V of Werle-Waren
Ingeborg, a daughter of Duke Bogislaw VIII of Pomerania
Margaret (1442-1512), the daughter of Duke Frederick II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, whom he married in 1452
Issue
Ulrich II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard
Margaret (died: before 1451)
Magdalene (died: 2 April 1532), married:
Duke Wartislaw X of Pomerania
Count Burchard V of Barby-Mühlingen
Anne, a nun in Ribnitz Abbey (died: 7 January 1498)
Footnotes
External links
Genealogical table of the House of Mecklenburg
House of Mecklenburg
Dukes of Mecklenburg-Stargard
15th-century births
Year of birth uncertain
1466 deaths
15th-century German people
Dish Nation is an American broadcast syndication tabloid television news broadcasting program that is distributed by Fox Corporation for Fox Television Stations throughout the United States and owned by Fox Corporation. Debuting in 2011, it features celebrity news and pop culture commentary delivered by celebrity personalities stationed nationwide. In November 2020, the series was renewed for two additional seasons, through the 2022–23 season.
Dish Nation's radio teams include Rickey Smiley, heard locally on Atlanta's WHTA and syndicated in over 60 markets nationwide, and Heidi & Frank, heard weekdays on KLOS in Los Angeles.
Conception
Dish Nation was conceived in 2008 by broadcast marketing veteran and former radio DJ and TV weatherman, Stu Weiss.
Radio personalities
The radio teams include The Rickey Smiley Morning Show from Atlanta, which is heard on over 65 radio stations. The show features standup comic and theatrical star Rickey Smiley, as well as Headkrack,
Gary with da Tea, and Da Brat. The Heidi & Frank Show from KLOS in Los Angeles features Heidi Hamilton, Frank Kramer, and formerly featured Eric Smith and Sammy Marino. Brooke and Jubal in the Morning from KQMV in Seattle, featured Brooke Fox and Jubal Flagg. The group was dropped from the show in 2015. The nationally syndicated, The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show, from Dallas, joined Dish Nation for Season One in September 2012. The show starred J-Si Chavez, Kellie Raspberry, Jenna Owens, and Big Al Mack. They were dropped in December 2016.
During the 2011 Dish Nation summer test, recording artist DJ Felli Fel and Jessi Malay of Los Angeles' KPWR were a part of the radio roundtable.<ref name=TVNewsCheck>{{cite web|title=Dish Nation U.S. Clearances Top 80%|url=http://www.tvnewscheck.com/article/2012/02/28/57736/dish-nation-us-clearances-top-80|publisher=TV News Check}}</ref> Blaine Fowler & Allyson Martinek in the Morning on WDVD in Detroit was also part of the original lineup, as was New York's Scott & Todd, starring Scott Shannon and Todd Pettengill on WPLJ. The DJ Laz Morning Show was added to the show's first season.
Synopses
Summer test run
On July 25, 2011, Dish Nation premiered in a limited test run in seven markets. With the help of Madeleine Smithberg, co-creator of The Daily Show and Scott Rockett, co-creator of Hollywood Uncensored, the show began as a fast-paced entertainment round-table covering pop culture and celebrity news through four radio teams. The test show ran in the home markets where the radio shows were based (New York, Atlanta, Detroit and Los Angeles), as well as in Baltimore, Washington, D.C. and Phoenix, Arizona. Hosts for the test run included WPLJ's Scott Shannon and Todd Pettengill, WHTA's nationally syndicated Rickey Smiley Morning Show, featuring Ebony Steele, Gary With Da Tea, and HeadKrack, as well as WDVD's Fowler and Martinek. Recording artist DJ Felli Fel and Jessi Malay, with comedian Michael Bachmann, were the show's Los Angeles hosts.Dish Nation averaged a 0.9 rating/2 share for the six-week test. It experienced a 11% increase in household ratings from the premiere week to the end of the six-week test. In Atlanta, Dish Nation finished ahead of Late Show with David Letterman and sitcoms and finished third in key demographics and household ratings. The show's median age of viewers was 43.1, the lowest among all entertainment magazine shows, according to Twentieth (TMZ 43.7, Access Hollywood 52.3, Extra 54.2, The Insider 55.2, Entertainment Tonight 56.6, Inside Edition 58).
Season 1
Prior to the 2012 National Association of Television Program Executives conference, 20th Century Fox announced that Dish Nation would return for a 52-week, full series run to premiere September 10, 2012. After the rating success of its first 100 episodes, 20th Television announced on January 25, 2013, that Dish Nation had been picked up for a second season. Stephen Brown, EVP of programming and development at 20th Television, credited the show's success to the viral and real-time nature of the program.
On July 27, 2013, Kidd Kraddick died in the New Orleans area while raising money for his charity, Kidd's Kids. Two days later, Dish Nation paid tribute to him with a special broadcast.
Season 2
Season Two premiered on September 10, 2013, with the cast of The Rickey Smiley Morning Show from Atlanta, the remaining cast members of The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show (formerly named Kidd Kraddick in the Morning) from Dallas, and The Heidi and Frank Show from Los Angeles.
In late 2013, the show was renewed for a third season, having finished first in key demographics among freshman and sophomore syndicated programs.
In July 2014, Ebony Steele was replaced by Claudia Jordan. That summer, Porsha Williams also joined the panel of hosts.
Season 3
Season Three premiered on September 8, 2014.
In November 2014, the show began to rotate the Dallas and LA crew on a day-to-day basis. The Seattle crew came in at various times and rotations. The Atlanta crew was the only group that appeared all five days a week.
On January 6, 2015, the show was renewed for two more years.
In July 2015, Claudia Jordan was dropped from the panel.
Season 4
Season Four premiered on September 7, 2015.
Rapper Da Brat was added as a main personality for the Atlanta team.
This season featured correspondents from other cities. Among them were Ben Campbell and Matt McAllister ("Ben and Matt") from KNIX-FM in Phoenix, Miguel Fuller and Holly O'Connor ("Miguel and Holly") from WPOI in Tampa, Florida, and Anthony May ("Tone Kapone") from WGCI-FM in Chicago.
Season 5
Season Five premiered on September 5, 2016.
The Dallas team, The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show, left the show in late December 2016.
In January 2017, Dish Nation was renewed for two years. Dish Nation averaged 4.1 million weekly viewers in the fifth season and continued to skew towards a younger audience, with a median age of 49.8.
Season 6
Season Six premiered on September 4, 2017.
Guests this season included Torrei Hart and Eva Marcille, among others.
Season 7
Season Seven premiered on September 3, 2018.
On February 22, 2019, Porsha Williams announced a temporary leave of absence from the show for her maternity leave. Williams returned to Dish Nation on June 24. Eva Marcille filled in for Williams during her leave.
Season 8
Season Eight premiered on September 2, 2019.
Following the completion of the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney in March 2019, distribution of Dish Nation, along with Divorce Court and the new 2019–20 game show 25 Words or Fewer, was transferred to a new division of Fox Corporation (which retained the broadcast network and sports assets of Fox) known as Fox First Run.
In November 2019, Dish Nation'' was renewed for a ninth season.
Season 9
Sherri Shepherd is scheduled to join the program as a co-host for the new season.
Season 10
Porsha Williams leaves Dish Nation after 8 years on the show.
Season 11
Heidi Hamilton, Frank Kramer and Chuey Martinez leaves Dish Nation after 10 years.
Tanner Thomason promoted as co-host for season 11.
References
External links
Dish Nation official website
2011 American television series debuts
2010s American television news shows
2020s American television news shows
English-language television shows
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Entertainment news shows in the United States
Television series by 20th Century Fox Television
Television series by Fox Entertainment
Television shows filmed in Atlanta
Television shows filmed in Los Angeles
Kabhie Kabhie (1997) is an Indian television drama directed by Mahesh Bhatt and written by Anurag Kashyap, Akash Khurana, Vinta Nanda, Sameer Mody and Kamlesh Kunti Singh. Anil Sharma directed 25 episodes of the series.
The series was produced by Amit Khanna's Plus Channel and was telecast on Star Plus.
Cast
Shefali Chaya as Radha Pathak
Iravati Harshe as Mandira Joshi
Lillete Dubey as Shama Joshi
Alyy Khan as Vikram
Deepak Parashar as Nirmal Joshi
Rohit Roy as Vijay Sinha
Surekha Sikri as Lakshmi Pathak
Alok Nath
Kunika
References
External links
StarPlus original programming
1997 Indian television series debuts
Indian drama television series
Wedlock Deadlock is an American comedy short released by Columbia Pictures on December 18, 1947 and starring Joe DeRita. The supporting cast features Dorothy Granger and Norman Ollestead. It was the third of four shorts in the Joe DeRita series produced by Columbia from 1946-1948; all entries were remakes of other Columbia shorts.
Premise
Just as Eddie (Joe DeRita) and his bride Betty (Christine McIntyre) are getting settled into their new home, her irascible family comes to visit.
Cast
Joe DeRita - Eddie
Christine McIntyre - Betty
Esther Howard - Mother
Charles Williams - Chester
Patsy Moran - Aunt Hortense
William Newell - Dick
Dorothy Granger - Ruby
Production notes
Wedlock Deadlock is a remake of the Monte Collins short film Unrelated Relations (1936).
DeRita did not think highly of his output at Columbia Pictures, once commenting, "My comedy in those scripts was limited to getting hit on the head with something, then going over to my screen wife to say, 'Honey, don't leave me!' For this kind of comedy material, you could have gotten a busboy to do it and it would have been just as funny."
References
External links
Wedlock Deadlock at threestooges.net
Columbia Pictures short films
Short film remakes
1947 films
Films directed by Edward Bernds
American comedy films
1947 comedy films
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
Go to Blazes is a short 1942 British information film, produced by the Ministry of Information, directed by Walter Forde and starring Will Hay and Thora Hird.
Synopsis
When an incendiary bomb strikes his house during the Blitz, Hay fusses so ineptly with his extinguishing equipment that the bomb burns through the floor - and obligingly falls into a bucket of water in the basement. When a second bomb strikes, his daughter shows him how to do the job properly.
Cast
Will Hay - Father
Thora Hird - Elsie
Muriel George - Mother
Reception
BFI Screenonline refers to it as a "wittily written information film."
External links
References
1942 films
British black-and-white films
1942 comedy films
British comedy films
Battle of Britain films
Films directed by Walter Forde
1940s British films
Miss Malaysia Universe 1977, the 11th edition of the Miss Universe Malaysia, was held on 30 April 1977 at the Federal Hotel, Kuala Lumpur. Leong Li Ping of Penang was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, Faridah Norizan of Perak at the end of the event. She then represented Malaysia at the Miss Universe 1977 pageant in the Dominican Republic.
Results
References
External links
1977 in Malaysia
1977 beauty pageants
1977
Beauty pageants in Malaysia
The 25th Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on April 28, 1994, recognizing accomplishments of musicians for the year 1993. The show was held at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Amy Grant.
Award recipients
Artist of the Year
Steven Curtis Chapman
New Artist of the Year
Clay Crosse
Group of the Year
4Him
Male Vocalist of the Year
Steven Curtis Chapman
Female Vocalist of the Year
Twila Paris
Songwriter of the Year
Steven Curtis Chapman
Producer of the Year
Charlie Peacock
Songs
Song of the Year
“God Is In Control”; Twila Paris
Rap/Hip Hop Recorded Song of the Year
"Luv Is a Verb"; Free at Last; dc Talk
Rock Recorded Song of the Year
"Shine"; Going Public; Newsboys
Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year
“Heaven in the Real World”; Heaven in the Real World; Steven Curtis Chapman
Hard Music Recorded Song of the Year
“Come Unto the Light”; Unveiled; Whitecross
Southern Gospel Recorded Song of the Year
"I Bowed On My Knees"; The Gaither Vocal Band
Inspirational Recorded Song of the Year
"I Pledge Allegiance to the Lamb"; Allegiance; Ray Boltz
Country Recorded Song of the Year
"Love Will"; Michael James
Traditional Gospel Recorded Song of the Year
"He's Working It Out for You"; Shirley Caesar
Contemporary Gospel Recorded Song of the Year
"God Knows"; Angelo & Veronica
Albums
Rock Album of the Year
Going Public; Newsboys
Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year
Heaven in the Real World; Steven Curtis Chapman
Hard Music Album of the Year
Scarecrow Messiah; Bride
Instrumental Album of the Year
Strike Up The Band; Ralph Carmichael Big Band
Praise & Worship Album of the Year
Coram Deo II; Out of the Grey, Steve Green, Margaret Becker, Charlie Peacock, Steven Curtis Chapman, CeCe Winans, and Bob Carlisle
Children's Music Album of the Year
Yo! Kidz! 2: The Armor of God; Carman
Musical Album
Living on the Edge; Michael W. Smith
Choral Collection Album
A Christmas Suite; David T. Clydesdale
Videos
Long Form Music Video of the Year
Mouth in Motion; Mark Lowry
Short Form Music Video of the Year
"I Will Be Free"; Cindy Morgan
Recorded Music Packaging of the Year
Heaven in the Real World; Steven Curtis Chapman
References
, official winners list by year
GMA Music Awards
GMA Dove Awards
GMA Dove Awards
1994 in American music
GMA
A pack saddle is any device designed to be secured on the back of a horse, mule, or other working animal so it can carry heavy loads such as luggage, firewood, small cannons, or other things too heavy to be carried by humans.
Description
Ideally the pack saddle rests on a saddle blanket or saddle pad to spread the weight of the saddle and its burden on the pack animal's back. The underside of the pack saddle is designed to conform well to the shape of the pack animal's back. It is typically divided into two symmetrical parts separated by a gap at the top to ensure that the weight being carried does not rest on the draft animal's backbone and to provide good ventilation to promote the evaporation of sweat.
The pack saddle consists of a tree, or the wooden blocks that sit on the horse's back, the half breed which is the canvas saddle cover, the breeching and often a crupper which prevents the loaded saddle from sliding too far forward and the breast collar which holds the loaded saddle from sliding too far back on the packhorse or mule. The flexible bars on this packsaddle adjust to a horse's back and offer several options for hanging panniers, manties (packs wrapped in canvas), or other loads.
There are many types of pack saddle:
Crossbuck / Sawbuck pack saddle has crossed wooden bars to attach sling ropes.
Otago pack saddle, known in military use as the British universal pack saddle, is a rideable pack saddle with two large cushioning pads to prevent injury to the animal and large hooks on each side of the metal pommel and cantle arches for hanging pack bags or crates.
Decker pack saddle has two rings for tying sling ropes.
The modern pack saddle is usually not intended to support a human rider. The upper side of the pack saddle resembles a rack to let its load rest on and be tied on with ropes, straps, a surcingle, or other devices. One historical exception was a pack saddle used in feudal Japan by non-samurai class commoners who were not allowed to use riding saddles (kura) for transportation.
See also
Backpacking with animals
Packhorse
Saddle
SCR-203 pack radio
Trail riding
References
External links
Animal equipment
Saddles
Flitch Green is a civil parish in the Uttlesford district of Essex, England. It consists of a housing development built outside the village of Little Dunmow. Flitch Green is near the A120 dual carriageway, the village of Felsted and the town of Great Dunmow, the last of which is about away. Flitch Green is on the site of an old sugar beet factory.
The development, originally named 'Oakwood Park', is next to the Flitch Way, a public right of way between Bishop's Stortford and Braintree where the old railway line used to run. The name 'Flitch' refers to the local Flitch of bacon custom. Building of Flitch Green began in 2001. The population (in December 2008) was 1,200, increasing to 2,190 at the 2011 Census.
Flitch Green was granted parish status in November 2008 in an order made by the district council; the order became effective on 1 April 2009. It had previously been in the parish of Little Dunmow.
Flitch Green Primary School, which serves the estate, was opened in September 2008. The primary school converted to The Flitch Green Academy in 2011.
References
External links
Flitch Green Parish Council
Civil parishes in Essex
Villages in Essex
Uttlesford
Arūnas Klimavičius (born 5 October 1982 in Panevėžys) is a Lithuanian footballer.
Career
On 17 February, it was revealed on the Hearts website that he was having a trial with the Scottish Premier League side. On 8 December 2009 the 27-year-old Lithuanian defender has signed a two-year deal with Sibir.
In 2011, he signed for Kazakhstani side FC Zhetysu.
In December 2014, Klimavičius moved to FC Tobol.
After 2019 season was published, that player retired from professional football. In January 2020 it was confirmed, that Klimavičius had been hired as a tennis coach. On 28 January 2020, he also became the president and founder of the Association of Professional Footballers (PFA - Profesionalių futbolininkų asociacija). The association was established in order to bring together the largest community of Lithuanian professional footballers and to properly represent its interests and, in case of problems, to provide qualified assistance.
In November 2021, he became the host of the podcasts about Lithuanian football "PadkaStas".
International career
Klimavičius played 8 games at UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying.
International goals
Scores and results list Lithuania's goal tally first.
Personal life
He is the son of Albertas Klimavičius and the brother of Linas Klimavičius.
Honours
- League A Champion: 2005.
- League A Bronze Winner: 2017.
- Winner of the Lithuanian Super Cup: 2006.
- Baltic Cup: 2010.
- Russian Premier League bronze winner: 2008.
- Participant of the Russian Cup final: 2010.
- Silver winner of the Kazakhstan Championship: 2011.
- Bronze winner of the Kazakhstan Championship: 2012.
References
External links
Rfpl stats
FC Dynamo Moscow profile
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Panevėžys
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Association football defenders
Lithuanian expatriate footballers
FK Ekranas players
FK Riteriai players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
FC Ural Yekaterinburg players
FC Sibir Novosibirsk players
FC Zhetysu players
FC Aktobe players
FC Tobol players
FK Jonava players
FK Kauno Žalgiris players
A Lyga players
Russian Premier League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Theo Piniau (born 8 June 1993) is a Papua New Guinean track and field athlete. At the 2016 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's 200 m.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Papua New Guinean male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Papua New Guinea
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Papua New Guinea
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Guatemala is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,512.
The Guatemala River is located in Guatemala barrio.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Guatemala barrio and Bahomamey barrio was 1,126.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Guatemala barrio:
, and .
Features
The Guatemala River passes through Guatemala in San Sebastián. There is a sports complex featuring a museum of an hacienda. San Sebastián Memorial is located in Guatemala.
Veredas Sports Complex
Established in 2016 in Guatemala is the Veredas Sports Complex. The complex which consists of a modern skate park, a sand volleyball court, a zipline with four stations, a climbing and rappelling wall, an outdoor gym, a rope bridge, basketball and tennis courts, and walking paths, is set within an urban forest of about six thousand trees. Hacienda La Fe, an agriculture museum is located at the complex.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Buda (; , / , Czech and , ) was the historic capital of the Kingdom of Hungary and since 1873 has been the western part of the Hungarian capital Budapest, on the west bank of the Danube. Buda comprises a third of Budapest's total territory and is mostly wooded. Landmarks include Buda Castle, the Citadella, and the president of Hungary's residence, Sándor Palace.
Etymology
According to a legend recorded in chronicles from the Middle Ages, the name "Buda" comes from the name of Bleda (), brother of Hunnic ruler Attila.
Demographics
The Buda fortress and palace were built by King Béla IV of Hungary in 1247, and were the nucleus around which the town of Buda was built, which soon gained great importance, and became in 1361 the capital of Hungary.
While Pest was mostly Hungarian in the 15th century, Buda had a German majority; however according to the Hungarian Royal Treasury, it had a Hungarian majority with a sizeable German minority in 1495. Buda became part of Ottoman-ruled central Hungary from 1541 to 1686. It was the capital of the province of Budin during the Ottoman era. By the middle of the seventeenth century Buda had become majority Muslim, largely resulting from an influx of Balkan Muslims.
In 1686, two years after the unsuccessful siege of Buda, a renewed European campaign was started to enter Buda, which was formerly the capital of medieval Hungary. This time, the Holy League's army was twice as large, containing over 74,000 men, including German, Dutch, Hungarian, English, Spanish, Czech, French, Croat, Burgundian, Danish and Swedish soldiers, along with other Europeans as volunteers, artillerymen, and officers, the Christian forces reconquered Buda (see Siege of Buda).
After the reconquest of Buda, bourgeoisie from different parts of southern Germany moved into the almost deserted city. Germans — also clinging to their language — partly crowded out, partly assimilated the Hungarians and Serbians they had found here. As the rural population moved into Buda, in the 19th century slowly Hungarians became the majority there.
Notable residents
Andrew III of Hungary, (ca.1265–1301) King of Hungary and Croatia, 1290 to 1301, buried in the Greyfriars' Church, a Franciscan church in Buda
Jadwiga of Poland, (ca.1373–1399), born in Buda, first female monarch of the Kingdom of Poland
John Corvinus (1473–1504) illegitimate son of Matthias Corvinus, King of Hungary, and his mistress, Barbara Edelpöck.
Louis II of Hungary (1506–1526) King of Hungary, Croatia and Bohemia from 1516 to 1526.
Mihail G. Boiagi, (1780 – ca.1842) an Aromanian grammarian and professor
László Szalay (1813–1864) a Hungarian statesman and historian.
József Eötvös (1813–1871) a Hungarian writer and statesman.
Ignaz Philipp Semmelweis (1818–1865), a Hungarian physician and scientist. An early pioneer of antiseptic procedures, he proposed doctors start the practice of washing hands.
Kornelije Stanković, (1831–1865) notable Serbian composer, born and died in Buda
Edmund Hauler (1859–1941), classicist and philologist
Twin cities
Capestrano, Italy
Gallery
See also
Pest
Óbuda
Buda Castle
References
Further reading
External links
Drawings of Castle Buda over the centuries
Geography of Budapest
History of Budapest
Former capitals of Hungary
Former municipalities of Hungary
The 1968 Ealing Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Ealing London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
(Southall Residents Association)
(Southall Residents Association)
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Saiful Islam Duke is a retired Lieutenant Commander of Bangladesh Navy. He is the nephew of former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia.
Career
Duke was a retired Lieutenant Commander of Bangladesh Navy. He worked as the Personal Secretary to Prime Minister Khaleda Zia. Duke and his brother in law, Directorate General of Forces Intelligence officer Lieutenant Colonel Saiful Islam Joarder were charged with involvement in the 2004 Dhaka grenade attack on former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. He is accused of aiding Maulana Tajuddin, main supplier of the grenades used in the attack and member of terrorist groups based in Pakistan, in fleeing Bangladesh. he along with the other accused were indicted on 19 March 2012. Duke was arrested on 27 August 2010 by the Criminal Investigation Department. He is currently being tried for his role in the attacks. He had secured bail in the case in 2014.
Personal life
Duke is the nephew of former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia.
References
Living people
Bangladesh Navy personnel
Year of birth missing (living people)
Evergreen Theatre is a touring educational, environmental, science-based, theatre company for young audiences in Alberta, Canada.
Evergreen produces musical theatre touring shows and artist-in-residency programs for schools, as well as workshops, presentations, and activities for conferences and organizations nationwide.
History
In 1991, Evergreen Theatre was founded by Scott Mair, Tara Ryan, Elinor Holt, Gerald Matthews, Don Enright, and Monique Keiran.
Production History
Prior To 2006
Scripts written by Tara Ryan
Cliff & Edna Turn Green: endangered species, habitat & interrelationships
PondScum Inc.: wetlands, food chain, photosynthesis
We're all Wet: phases of matter, watersheds, pollution & water treatment
Everything under the Sun: extraction of resources, electricity, circuits & safety
JUNK!: waste and the world, recycling, composting, man-made vs. natural waste
From the Ground Up: ecology, predator/prey relationships, decomposition
Full of Hot Air: weather/meteorology, clouds, greenhouse gasses & climate change
Rockin' and Eroding: rocks/minerals, paleontology, sedimentation & geologic time
A Breath of Fresh Air: air, lungs, cardiovascular health, air quality & pollution
Captain Comet: space, asteroids, meteors & the components of a comet
2007 - 2008 Season
Food for Thought book and music by Ethan Cole
Go With The Flow book and music by Ethan Cole
2008 - 2009 Season
Food for Thought book and music by Ethan Cole
Go With The Flow book and music by Ethan Cole
The Three RRRs by Jacqueline Russell, music by David Morton
2009 - 2010 Season
Flushed by Meg Braem, music by David Morton
The Three RRRs by Jacqueline Russell, music by David Morton
Going to Extremes by Jacqueline Russell, music by David Morton
2010 - 2011 Season
Flushed by Meg Braem, music by David Morton
Lost, the Mystery of the Missing Species by Ellen Chorley, music by David Morton
Going to Extremes by Jacqueline Russell, music by David Morton
2011 - 2012 Season
Lost, the Mystery of the Missing Species by Ellen Chorley, music by David Morton
Princess Prudence and the Fairest in the Land by Jacqueline Russell, music by Allison Lynch
Fever Pitch by Ellen Chorley, music by David Morton
Community Affiliates
Evergreen is a member of The Society of Educational Resource Groups, Alberta's Promise, Calgary Professional Arts Alliance, REAP Sustainable Business Association, and Theatre Alberta.
Funding
Funding for Evergreen is raised primarily through program revenues and corporate partnership, however this organization also receives funding through the Province of Alberta through the Alberta Lottery Fund and Alberta Foundation for the Arts (AFA).
Awards
1998 - Alberta Emerald Award for Communication, Media & Arts
1998 - Calgary Mayor's Environmental Excellence Award
1999 - Interpretation Canada Gold Award
1999 - Calgary Mayor's Environmental Excellence Award
2002 - NSERC Michael Smith Award of Outstanding Educational Merit
2002 - Global, Environment & Outdoor Education Award of Merit
2003 - Recycling Council of Alberta's 3R's of Excellence Award
2004 - Global Woman of Vision Award for Tara Ryan, Artistic Director
2004 - Global, Environment & Outdoor Education Award of Merit
2008 - Alberta's Promise Red Wagon Award
References
External links
Official Site
Theatre companies in Alberta
Organizations based in Calgary
The National Symphony Orchestra of Colombia () is a Colombian orchestra based in Bogotá
History
The orchestra was founded in 2003 following the dissolution of the Colombia Symphony Orchestra (Orquesta Sinfónica de Colombia) in December 2002. The Colombia Symphony Orchestra had been in operation since 1952 under the auspices of the government of Colombia and was dissolved as part of an extensive plan of state privatization. The Colombian National Symphony Orchestra is part of the 'National Association of Symphonic Music' (Asociación Nacional de Música Sinfónica), a non-profit organization that receives extensive support from the Colombian government to maintain the orchestra and to provide financial support to the other professional symphony orchestras in the country.
From 2003 to 2007, the orchestra's artistic direction was under the management of three music directors: Luis Biava (conductor-in-residence of the Philadelphia Orchestra until 2004), Alejandro Posada (then-music director of the Symphonic Orchestra of Castile and León (Orquesta Sinfónica de Castilla y León)), and Eduardo Carrizosa (then the assistant conductor of the Bogota Philharmonic (Orquesta Filarmónica de Bogotá)). In 2007, the orchestra opened a search process for a single principal conductor and artistic director. This search led to the appointment of Baldur Brönnimann as principal conductor and artistic director, who held the post from 2008 to 2012. In 2016, Olivier Grangean became principal conductor and artistic director of the orchestra.
Conductors in leadership positions
Luis Biava (2003–2007, joint music director)
Alejandro Posada (2003–2007, joint music director)
Eduardo Carrizosa (2003–2007, joint music director)
Baldur Brönnimann (2008–2012, principal conductor and artistic director)
Olivier Grangean (2016–present, principal conductor and artistic director)
Discography
Live albums
Awards and nominations
Latin Grammy Awards
A Latin Grammy Award is an accolade by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences to recognize outstanding achievement in the music industry.
|-
| style="text-align:center;" rowspan="3"| 2014 || Sinfónico || Album of the Year ||
|-
| Sinfónico || Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album ||
|-
References
External links
Official website of the Orquesta Sinfónica Nacional de Colombia
Colombian orchestras
Musical groups established in 2003
Music in Bogotá
Colombian culture
Ministry of Culture (Colombia)
Khalid Choukoud (born 23 March 1986, Fez) is a Dutch track and field athlete who specializes in the marathon.
On the track, he finished seventh in the 10,000 metres at the 2012 European Championships. He competed without finishing at the 2016 European Championships half marathon.
On April 11, 2021, he set his current personal best in the Marathon of 2:09:55 during the 2021 IAAF Xiamen Tuscany Camp Elite Marathon in Sienna, Italy, which qualified him for the 2020 Summer Olympics .
Personal bests
Outdoor
Marathon - 2:09:55 (Sienna 11 April 2021)
References
1986 births
Living people
Moroccan emigrants to the Netherlands
Dutch male long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Erich Weinitschke, born 10 March 1910, was a German chess master.
Weinitschke was born in Dzierżoniów in Silesia in March 1910, 1910. He took 10th at Bad Elster 1938 (Efim Bogoljubow won), took 4th at Bad Warmbrunn (now Cieplice Śląskie–Zdrój) 1939 and won a play-off match against Heuaecker for the Silesian Champion title (Silesian Chess Congress), tied for 13-14th at Bad Oeynhausen 1941 (the 8th GER-ch, Paul Felix Schmidt and Klaus Junge won).
References
1910 births
1984 deaths
German chess players
People from the Province of Silesia
"Put a Little Love on Me" is a song by Irish singer Niall Horan. It was released through Capitol Records as the second single from his second studio album Heartbreak Weather on 6 December 2019.
Background and promotion
Horan first performed the song on 7 August 2019 at the Capitol Congress 2019, where he also announced his previous single "Nice to Meet Ya". About the song, the singer revealed that his upcoming project would not be his album "if it didn't have a sad, sad, sad ballad on it" and that the song "could potentially be my favorite song I've ever written". Lyrically, the song reportedly deals with the break-up with singer Hailee Steinfeld in December 2018. He announced the release of the song and shared a snippet on his social media on 5 December 2019.
Live performances
On December 15, 2019 Horan performed the song for the first time on Saturday Night Live. On March 10, 2020 Horan performed the song on The Late Late Show with James Corden.
Critical reception
Mike Wass of Idolator called the song the Irish star's best ballad since "This Town", particularly complimenting "the lovely chorus" and his decision to go back "to the stripped-back sound palette of Flicker. Madeline Roth, writing for MTV, described the song as a "heartbreaking ballad" while writing that Horan "managed to completely tug at our heartstrings with this one".
Charts
Certifications
References
2010s ballads
2019 singles
2019 songs
Niall Horan songs
Folk ballads
Songs written by Jamie Scott
Songs written by Niall Horan
Songs written by Dan Bryer
Songs written by Mike Needle
Callin' All Dogs is a 1995 album by Louisville, Kentucky rock band Bodeco. This, the rockabilly band's second album, made a considerable impact on the Louisville music scene, finding a place at #80 on WFPK's "top 1000 best albums ever". Trouser Press asserted that the album reinforced "Bodeco's simple genius by turning up the slop right from the get-go".
Track listing
Unless otherwise noted, all tracks composed by Bodeco.
"Crazy Sezy Baby" – 3:32
"Nut Fuzz" – 2:51
"Long Way Down" – 2:42
"High Window" – 3:30
"Nights Diamond Fingers" – 3:13
"Bright Lights at the End of the Road" – 3:09
"Hill and Gully Rider" – 3:10
"Shaggy's Crawl" – 1:40
"Signed Confession" – 2:39
"Lucky 13" – 2:19
"Chicken Shifter" – 2:21
"La Cucaracha" (traditional) – 1:49
"Wicked Mean & Evil" – 2:56
"Rock & Roll Till the Cows Come Home" – 5:00
Personnel
Performance
Jimmy Brown – bass
Ricky Feather – guitar, vocals
Matthew "Wink" O'Bannon – guitar
Gary Stillwell – organ, conga, maracas
Brian Burkett – trap kit
Production
Bodeco – arranger, art direction
Jeff Carpenter – engineer
Robbie Cavolina – art direction
Doug Easley – Engineer
Howie Gano – Engineer
Fred Klein – photography
David McCain – engineer
Scott Mullins – engineer
References
External links
Bodeco albums
1995 albums
Red Jezebel is a four-piece indie rock band from Perth, Western Australia.
History
1997-2002: Early EPs
The band competed in the Western Australia final of the Australian National Campus Band Competition at the Planet Nightclub in North Perth in 1997. Eskimo Joe won and went on to win the national final, while Red Jezebel came fourth.
The band's name comes from an emergency evacuation codeword used by an Australian supermarket chain that a number of the members worked for in the group's early years.
Between 1998 and 2000, the band released three EPs: Joyful Possibilities, In Transit and Intermezzo. Within this time, the band received a "Kiss My WAMi" award for "Most Promising Band" in 1998, completed two national tours (with Jebediah and Bodyjar), made live appearances on Triple J and ABC's Recovery TV program, and performed at The Big Day Out.
In 2002, Red Jezebel released the EP Home Coming, which signalled a new level of song-writing maturity. Also in 2002, Mark Cruickshank won a WAMi award for "Most Popular Male Original Bass Player".
2003-present
In October 2003, Red Jezebel released the single "Wide Open Spaces", which received widespread airplay in Australia.
Revelations was the band's first studio album and was released in June 2006 on the Perth-based label Sunday Ride Records. It was recorded by Dave Parkin at Blackbird Studios in Western Australia. The album includes the songs "Wide Open Spaces", "Ocean Blue Eyes", "Devil's Advocate", "You're Making Me Nervous" and "See Through Dress", all of which received heavy rotation on Triple J.
Red Jezebel spent the whole of July 2006 in Blackbird Studios putting the finishing touches to another EP which was due for release in July 2007. This was intended to be the band's first major label release, having signed to the Mushroom Records label through Warner Music. These inititial plans for an EP release were delayed because of various record company-related factors, causing the band to leave Warner Music. Instead, the band released a 13-track LP entitled How I Learnt to Stop Worrying in October 2007 on their own label, Sunday Ride Records, distributed by MGM. The first song from the album "Kicking Deadly Sins" received significant airplay on Triple J, various community radio stations around Australia (Edge Radio, RTRFM) and the video on rage.
Touring
Red Jezebel has played many shows since its formation in 1997, and has supported some pop and rock's biggest names, including Art of Fighting, Bluebottle Kiss, Blueline Medic, Brad, Deadstar, Even, Gerling, The Living End, Mach Pelican, The Mavis's, Motor Ace, Powderfinger, Sidewinder, Skulker, Something for Kate, The Superjesus, Tumbleweed and Keane.
In 2005, the band completed three interstate tours and performed at the Southbound festival in Busselton.
In 2006, the band tour was the main support for Eskimo Joe, and for Dan Kelly and the Alpha Males during their first Western Australian headline tour. Following this, the band toured nationally with Little Birdy.
Band members
Former members
Paul Wood – vocals, guitar
Dave Parkin – guitar
Mark Cruickshank – bass guitar
Alex Hyman – drums
Fraser Cringle – drums
Chris Hayes – guitar
Discography
Albums
EPs
Awards
West Australian Music Industry Awards
The Western Australian Music Industry Awards (commonly known as WAMis) are annual awards presented to the local contemporary music industry, put on by the Western Australian Music Industry Association Inc (WAM).
(wins only)
|-
| 2002
| Mark Cruickshank (Red Jezebel)
| Most Popular Male Original Bass Player
|
|-
| 2005
| Dave Parkin (Red Jezebel)
| Best Record Producer/Engineer
|
|-
| 2006
| Dave Parkin (Red Jezebel)
| Best Record Producer/Engineer
|
|-
References
Western Australian musical groups
Musical groups established in 1997
Australian alternative rock groups
Jonathan H. Hausman (born June 19, 1957) is an American Conservative rabbi.
He is the rabbi of Congregation Ahavath Torah in Stoughton, Massachusetts.
Hausman grew up in the Bridgeport, Connecticut area. He holds a BA in Judaic Studies, and an MA in International Affairs focusing on the Middle East, from the George Washington University, and a JD from Emory University in addition to Rabbinic ordination from Tifereth Israel Rabbinical Yeshiva. He used to be the rabbi of Congregation Sinai of West Haven, Connecticut.
Hausman is the model for the title character in author Jacob Appel's first mystery novel, Wedding Wipeout: A Rabbi Kappelmacher Mystery, in which Kappelmacher solves murders though "rabbinic reasoning."
Notes
American Conservative rabbis
Living people
Elliott School of International Affairs alumni
Emory University School of Law alumni
1957 births
Mochongoi is a community and a division in Baringo County, Kenya.
Mochongoi is also an electoral ward in Marigat subcounty.
The town lies in the northern end of the Aberdare Range and is a relatively new settlement in what was the Ol Arabel forest reserve.
The Ol Arabel Forest Reserve is part of the Marmanet forests on the eastern escarpment of the Rift Valley, north of Nyahururu.
The forest reserve, which is part of the upper catchment of the Ol Arabel River, once covered , but were excised in 1993.
No boundary plan was defined.
As a result about 80% of the forest had been settled by the Mochongoi settlement scheme by 2008.
The division covers . In 2001 the population was 11,927.
The community includes a secondary school.
Maize farmers have protested that middlemen were not paying adequate prices.
In October 2007 President Mwai Kibaki said the government would pave the road from Mochongoi to Marigat so farmers could get their produce to market more easily.
References
Populated places in Baringo County
Alex Felipe Nery (born August 14, 1975) is a former Brazilian football player.
Playing career
In summer 2001, Alex joined Japanese J2 League club Ventforet Kofu which finished at the bottom place for 2 years in a row (1999-2000). He debuted in J2 against Montedio Yamagata on July 7. He played many matches as regular midfielder after the debut. However Ventforet finished at the bottom place for 3 years in a row and he left Ventforet end of 2001 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
J2 League players
Ventforet Kofu players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Association football midfielders
Tom Warhurst may refer to:
Tom Warhurst Sr. (1917–2004), Australian tennis player and Norwood footballer
Tom Warhurst Jr. (born 1963), Australian rules footballer for Norwood and Adelaide
Jonathon Gregory Blum (born January 30, 1989) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman, currently playing with Färjestad BK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Blum was born in Long Beach, California and grew up in Rancho Santa Margarita, California. During his major junior career with the Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League (WHL), Blum helped the club to a President's Cup as WHL champions in 2006 and a Memorial Cup as Canadian Hockey League (CHL) champions in 2007. He received the Bill Hunter Memorial Trophy as the WHL's top defenseman and the CHL Defenceman of the Year Award in 2009. In his final season with the Giants, he established himself as the franchise's all-time assists leader.
He was selected by the Predators 23rd overall in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. Turning professional in 2009, he spent parts of three seasons with the Predators' minor league affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League (AHL), before joining the Predators. Internationally, Blum has represented Team USA on four occasions. He won silver at the 2006 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament, and has competed in the 2008 and 2009 World Junior Championships, finishing without a medal both times. He also competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics, once again failing to medal.
Early life
Blum was born in Long Beach, California, to parents John and Dana. An avid surfer growing up in Rancho Santa Margarita, approximately 40 miles southeast of Long Beach, Blum was initially playing roller hockey recreationally at the age of four before discovering ice hockey a couple of years later. He played minor hockey with the California Wave, a team led by Jeff Turcotte, younger brother of former NHL player Alfie Turcotte. Due to the lack of elite minor hockey competition in California, the team travelled to Canada and the Northeast United States to play in top-level tournaments. Blum and the Wave recorded second-place finishes in national Midget AAA and Bantam AAA championships culminating in an international Bantam tournament championship in Kamloops, British Columbia, in 2004. Discovered by scouts at one such tournament, Blum was drafted by the Vancouver Giants of the WHL in the seventh round of the junior draft.
In the midst of his pending major junior career, his family was beset with tragedy. A few months prior to his first training camp in Vancouver and still a freshman at Trabuco Hills High School, his family's house caught fire from a gas leak on April 2, 2004, killing his twin sister, Ashley. Blum has two remaining half-siblings, an older brother and sister. Shortly after, his mother was diagnosed with a form of juvenile cancer, which almost caused Blum to opt not to leave for Vancouver to be close to family instead, but he went at her urging to continue on his hockey path. She underwent heart surgery and chemotherapy to overcome the cancer by May 2006.
Playing career
Vancouver Giants
Drafted 134th overall in the 2004 WHL Bantam Draft, Blum played his first season with the Vancouver Giants of the WHL in 2005–06, recording 24 points as a rookie. He added 8 points in the post-season, helping the Giants to a President's Cup as WHL champions and a berth in the 2006 Memorial Cup in Moncton, where they finished third. The following season, in 2006–07, Blum improved to 51 points as the Giants prepared to defend their WHL title as 2007 Memorial Cup hosts. With a league-high +37 plus-minus, he earned the WHL Plus-Minus Award. Blum also participated in the CHL Top Prospects Game along with teammates Tyson Sexsmith, Michal Repik and Spencer Machacek. The Giants met the Medicine Hat Tigers in the WHL finals, where they were defeated in seven games. Then, facing the Tigers in the Memorial Cup final Blum and the Giants captured the franchise's first Canadian Hockey League (CHL) title by a 3–1 score. That off-season, going into the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, Blum was ranked 17th among North American skaters by NHL Central Scouting. He was selected 23rd overall by the Nashville Predators, becoming the first California-born-and-raised player to be drafted in the first round.
After being sent back to junior from the Predators' training camp in September 2007, Blum was signed to an entry-level contract with Nashville on December 17, 2007. Earlier that month, on December 2, he set a Giants' franchise record with four assists in a 6–1 win over Portland Winter Hawks. One of the Giants' alternate captains along with forward Garet Hunt, he finished the season with career-highs of 18 goals and 63 points, finishing second among league defensemen (behind Ty Wishart's 67 points in 72 games). His offensive production also set a single-season franchise-record among Giants defensemen for goals (surpassed by Kevin Connauton in 2009–10) and points (surpassed by Brent Regner in 2008–09). At the end of the season, he was named to the WHL West Second All-Star Team, along with teammate Tyson Sexsmith.
With the departure of team captain Spencer Machacek to the professional ranks the following season, Blum was chosen in his place for the 2008–09 season. He began the season with 14 points in his first 10 games and was named WHL Player of the Month for September/October. On November 19, 2008, he recorded his first career WHL hat trick in a 4–1 win against the Chilliwack Bruins. Later that season, on February 7, 2009, during a 4–2 victory over the Portland Winter Hawks, Blum became the Giants' all-time assists leader with his 148th assist to pass Adam Courchaine's 147-assists mark. Nearly a week later, however, he was sidelined with a shoulder injury after receiving a couple of hits from Kelowna Rockets forward Jamie Benn in a 3–2 overtime loss.
Blum returned to complete the season with 66 points in just 51 games to finish third in league scoring among defensemen behind teammate Brent Regner and Paul Postma of the Calgary Hitmen. Despite missing 21 games, Blum was named to the WHL West First All-Star Team, along with teammates Casey Pierro-Zabotel and Evander Kane, and won the Bill Hunter Memorial Trophy as the league's top defenseman. He was later chosen as the CHL Defenceman of the Year over Dmitri Kulikov of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) and Ryan Ellis of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), who were both chosen as defensemen of the year in their respective leagues. In addition to his league-wide honors, he was named co-team MVP with Casey Pierro-Zabotel, as well as the Giants' Top defenseman and Most Sportsmanlike Player. After eliminating the Prince George Cougars in the first round, Blum scored 2 goals and 1 assist in the first 2 games of the second round against the Spokane Chiefs, earning WHL Player of the Week honors on April 6. The Giants' post-season ended in the semi-finals against the Kelowna Rockets. Blum led the team in playoff scoring with 18 points in 17 games.
Nashville Predators
Upon the Giants' elimination, Blum was assigned by the Predators to their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals, for the remainder of their 2009 playoff run. He joined the Admirals, making his professional debut, in the second round against the Houston Aeros. Blum appeared in 5 games, recording no points, as the Admirals were eliminated in seven games.
He remained with Milwaukee in the AHL the following season and scored his first professional goal on October 14, 2009, against Hannu Toivonen in a 5–2 win against the Peoria Rivermen. Blum finished the campaign with 11 goals and 30 assists for 41 points, third among all rookie defensemen in the league. He then added eight points in seven playoff games as the Admirals were eliminated by the Chicago Wolves in the opening round.
Blum began the 2010–11 season with Milwaukee for a second consecutive year. After recording 7 goals and 34 points in 54 games, he was called up by the Predators on February 22, 2011.
Blum appeared in his first NHL game on the night of his first call-up, registering a -1 plus-minus rating in 16 minutes of ice time; the Predators lost 4–0 to the Columbus Blue Jackets. In a rematch with Columbus five days later, he scored his first NHL goal against Mathieu Garon in a 3–2 win. Remaining with the Predators for the remainder of the campaign, Blum recorded 3 goals and 8 points over 23 NHL games while averaging 17 minutes and 45 seconds of ice time per contest. Making his Stanley Cup playoffs debut in Game 1 of the opening round against the Anaheim Ducks, Blum helped the Predators to a 4–1 win with one assist. The following game, Ducks forward Bobby Ryan stomped on Blum's foot with his skate while the two players were tied up behind the Predators' net. Blum was not injured on the play, while Ryan was given a two-game suspension for the play. The Predators went on to eliminate the Ducks in six games, advancing to the second round, where they were defeated by the Vancouver Canucks. Blum finished the 2011 playoffs with two assists over 12 games. Following the elimination, Blum was reassigned to the Admirals for their 2011 playoff season. He dressed for one game, an elimination match against the Houston Aeros in the second round, which Milwaukee lost.
Blum made the Predators' roster out of training camp for the first time in 2011–12. After being made a healthy scratch in two consecutive games, however, he was returned to Milwaukee on December 12, 2011.
Minnesota Wild
The Nashville Predators failed to tender Blum following the 2012-2013 season. On July 12, 2013, Blum signed a two-way contract as a free agent with the Minnesota Wild.
Europe
On August 8, 2015, as a restricted free agent with the Wild, Blum confirmed he had signed a contract with Russian club, Admiral Vladivostok of the Kontinental Hockey League.
Over the following four seasons, Blum remained in the KHL, playing with Vladivostok, HC Sochi and HC Dinamo Minsk.
Having completed the 2018–19 season Blum left Dinamo Minsk and the KHL, opting to sign his first contract in Sweden in agreeing to a two-year deal with Färjestad BK of the SHL on July 1, 2019.
International play
Blum debuted internationally for Team USA at the 2006 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. He captured a silver medal, as the United States lost to Canada in the final. Two years later, he competed in the 2008 World Junior Championships in the Czech Republic, finishing fourth with Team USA. Set to appear in the 2009 World Junior Championships in Ottawa, Blum was named team captain of the United States. He contributed two goals and two assists in six games, but once again failed to win a medal, finishing in fifth place. He was later represented the United States at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
All stats taken from
Awards
CHL
WHL
Vancouver Giants
Records
Vancouver Giants' franchise record; all-time assists – 155 (surpassed Adam Courchaine, 147, on February 7, 2009)
Transactions
June 22, 2007 – Drafted by the Nashville Predators 23rd overall in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
December 17, 2007 – Signed to an entry-level contract by the Nashville Predators.
See also
List of select Jewish ice hockey players
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Jewish American sportspeople
Jewish ice hockey players
Admiral Vladivostok players
American men's ice hockey defensemen
HC Dinamo Minsk players
Färjestad BK players
Ice hockey players from California
Iowa Wild players
Memorial Cup winners
Milwaukee Admirals players
Minnesota Wild players
Nashville Predators draft picks
Nashville Predators players
National Hockey League first round draft picks
People from Rancho Santa Margarita, California
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Orange County, California
Sportspeople from Long Beach, California
HC Sochi players
Twin people from the United States
Vancouver Giants players
21st-century American Jews
Below is a non-exhaustive list of Shia members of parliament in Kuwait.
Shia in the National Assembly
Twelfth (2008-)
Saleh Ashour
Dr. Hassan Jowhar
Sayed Hussein Al-Qallaf
Adnan Abdul Samad
Ahmad Lari
Eleventh (2006-2008)
Ahmed Lari
Saleh Ashour
Adnan Abdul Samad
Dr. Hassan Jowhar
Tenth (2003-2006)
Saleh Ashour
Yousef Al-Zalzala
Hassan Abdulla Jowhar
Hussein Al-Qallaf
Salah Abdulrida Khorshid
Ninth (1999-2003)
Adnan Abdul Samad
Saleh Ashour
Abdul Mohsen Jamal
Hussein Al-Qallaf
Salah Abdulrida Khorshid
Eighth (1996-1999)
Adnan Abdul Samad
Hussein Ali Al-Qallaf
Hassan Abdulla Jowhar
Abbas Hussein Al-Khdhari
Salah Abdulrida Khorshid
Seventh (1992-1996)
Adnan Abdul Samad
Yacoub Hayati
Ali Ahmad Al-Baghli
Abdul Mohsen Jamal
Nasser Sarkhoh
Sixth (1985-1986)
Yacoub Hayati
Abbas Hussein Al-Khdhari
Nasser Sarkhoh
Fifth (1981-1985)
Adnan Abdul Samad
Mohammed Habib Hassan Bader
Abdul Mohsen Jamal
Issa Mohammed Al-Mazidi
Nasser Sarkhoh
Fourth (1975-1976)
Habib Hassan Jowhar Hayat
Ibrahim Ali Yousef Khraibit
Issa Abdulla Bahman
Ismail Ali Dashti
Khaled Khalaf Al-Tailji
Abdul Muttaleb Al-Kazimi
Jassem Mohammed Al-Qattan
Hussein Makki Al-Jum'ah
Hussein Mohammed Jawad Ma'rafi
Abdulla Yacoub Jassem Al-Wazzan
Third (1971-1975)
Ibrahim Ali Yousef Khraibit
Sayid Ahmad Sayid Al-Mosawi
Issa Abdulla Bahman
Hassan Jowhar Hayat
Abdul Latif Al-Kazimi
Abdul Muttaleb Al-Kazimi
Second (1967-1970)
Ibrahim Ali Yousef Khraibit
Issa Abdulla Bahman
Hassan Jowhar Ali Hayat
Mansour Mousa Al-Mazidi
Zaid Abdulhussein Al-Kazimi
Abdul Latif Al-Kazimi
Jassem Ahmad Al-Ostath
Ibrahim Taher Al-Mutawa
Abdulla Ali Dashti
First (1963-1967)
Mohammed Hussein Qabazard
Ibrahim Ali Yousef Khraibit
Hassan Jowhar Ali Hayat
Sayid Ahmad Al-Mosawi
Zaid Abdulhussein Al-Kazimi
National Assembly members
Lists of political office-holders in Kuwait
Othala may refer to:
Othala rune, a reconstructed name of the o rune of the Elder Futhark.
Othala (Stargate), a planet in the galaxy of Ida that is home to a colony of Asgard from the science fiction television show Stargate SG-1
The women's long jump at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 2 and 3 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Qualification
2 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 18 athletes from 10 countries participated in the event.
(2)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(1)
References
Long jump
Long jump at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
The Cadillac Carnegie Public Library, now the Wexford County Historical Society Museum, was constructed as a Carnegie Library located at 127 Beech Street in Cadillac, Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
History
In 1903, the Andrew Carnegie Foundation agreed to donate $15,000 toward the cost of a new library in Cadillac, subject to the community raising matching funds. The Cadillac Literary Society matched the funds, and in 1904 Scheurmann & Merriam Architects of Saginaw, Michigan were selected to design the building, and Freuchtel Construction Company was selected to be the building contractor. The library was completed in 1906 at a cost of $30,000. The building served as a public library until 1969.
After that time, it was used by the Cadillac Police Department until 1977, after which it was considered for demolition. The city accepted the Wexford County Historical Society's proposal to use the building as a museum, and it became the Wexford County Historical Society Museum.
Description
The Cadillac Public Library is a single story polygonal Classical Revival brick building sitting on a raised stone foundation. It has a shallow-pitched hip roof with a low-pitched dome. The entryway in through a simple door flanked by Ionic columns and surmounted with a semi-circular window.
References
External links
Wexford County Historical Society & Museum
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Neoclassical architecture in Michigan
Library buildings completed in 1906
Buildings and structures in Wexford County, Michigan
Michigan State Historic Sites
Museums in Wexford County, Michigan
Carnegie libraries in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Wexford County, Michigan
1906 establishments in Michigan
Campbell County Courthouse may refer to:
Caroline County Courthouse (Maryland)
Caroline County Courthouse (Virginia), listed on the NRHP in Virginia
Walter Dawson may refer to:
Walt Dawson (born 1982), American Alzheimer's disease activist
Walter Dawson (RAF officer) (1902–1994), British air chief marshal
Revenge of the Psychotronic Man are an English punk band with hardcore influences based in Manchester and formed in 2004. They are sometimes referred to as Revenge Of..., Revenge, or RPM. The band has had music released in the UK, mainland Europe, and the US, and has toured the UK and Europe extensively. At the start of 2018, the band announced they would be splitting up in December of that year, but would be playing dates for the remainder of the year. Their final gig was at Rebellion in their hometown of Manchester, which sold out four months in advance.
Career
Revenge of the Psychotronic Man has released two split EPs, two 7" EPs, and three albums via TNSrecords.
The 2009 album Make Pigs Smoke received critical acclaim from many music publications worldwide, such as Razorcake, Riot 77 and many other punk fanzines plus Big Cheese magazine and Rebel Noise both rated the release 5/5.
The 2011 International Split EP was released on TNSrecords, Stikman Records and 5FeetUnder Records and also featured the following bands: Mighty Midgets (Denmark), Fist of the North Star (US) and Broken Aris (Sweden).
This again received critical acclaim from established and more underground press, with Big Cheese Magazine again rating the release 5/5 and being featured in Rockfreaks' (Denmark) the best new music of 2011.
The 2012 album Shattered Dreams Parkway again received critical acclaim from the likes of Louder Than War, Big Cheese, Leeds music Scene, Lights Go Out Fanzine, among others. The album has been collectively released by TNSrecords, Boss Tuneage records, Pumpkin Records, 5FeetUnder Records, DeadLamb Records, and Entes Anomicos.
The band has supported established acts such as Bad Religion, Discharge, NoMeansNo, Smoke or Fire, Slaves (UK Band) and The Briefs. they have played gigs in the UK, Germany, The Netherlands, Denmark, Belgium, France, Poland and The Czech Republic and, as of May 2016, have played nearly 500 shows.
The band has also received airplay on many radio stations worldwide such as The Punk Rock Demonstration and The BBC Radio 1 Punk Show whom they recorded a live Maida Vale Studios session for in June 2013.
In June 2013, they recorded a Maida Vale Session for the Radio1 Punk Show. This has been released on 7" vinyl.
In 2014, to mark the band's ten-year anniversary, a new 7" was released, including two new recordings of old tracks plus collaborations with Tim G (MTV Mash Ups) and From the Cradle to the Rave to produce dance remixes.
A split 12" was released in 2015. This record shared space with folk band Bootscraper. The bands played cover versions of each other's songs.
The 2016 album Colossal Velocity has again received critical acclaim including a 4K review from Kerrang! and praise from Vive Le Rock Magazine and Louder Than War.
History
Revenge of the Psychotronic Man were formed in 2004, and their name is a reference to the film of the same name. The makers of the film have since endorsed the band and produced a film trailer/music video using one of the band's songs.
The original line-up included Andy Davies (bass/vocals), Davey Psychotronic (guitar/vocals) and Christopher ‘Big Hands' Hinsley on Drums. Liam McDevitt joined on guitar in 2005. He has since played for The Hyperjax and The Termites. The band produced a full-length album Shitty Zombies and an EP Party In The Van before McDevitt left and was replaced by Gizmo guitarist Matt Woods in 2007. Andy Davies started TNSrecords with Tim Bevington in 2008, and the band recorded an exclusive track for the label's, now sold out, debut compilation release as well as featuring live at the label's sold-out launch night.
The second TNSrecords release was a split EP between Revenge of the Psychotronic Man and ska-punk band The Fractions. This has also sold out of its first pressing. It featured four Revenge Of... tracks and 3 from The Fractions and received favourable reviews from the underground punk scene.
Davey Psychotronic left the band in 2008 to move to London, but has contributed backing/gang vocals to recent releases.
As a three-piece, the band made their first visit to mainland Europe later in 2008. The band's first release as a three-piece, Make Pigs Smoke (which is a reference to Alan Partridge) was a 14 track album was released in May 2009 through TNSrecords to critical acclaim from established magazines as well as a huge number of independent fanzines and webzines, highlighting the band's underground credentials. This album has sold out of its first pressing and is available as a free download from the bandcamp page, highlighting the band's aims to make music accessible to all.
After the success of this release, the band played successful UK tours and high-profile support slots with the likes of Bad Religion. In 2011, Revenge Of... released their second split EP, this time sharing CD space with Mighty Midgets (Denmark), Fist of the North Star (US) and Broken Aris (Sweden). It was released on TNSrecords in the UK, 5FeetUnder Records in Denmark and Stikman Records in the US. This release has again received great acclaim and allowed the band to tour mainland Europe extensively.
The follow-up album Shattered Dreams Parkway was released on 12" vinyl and CD in October 2012 through TNSrecords and a collective of labels including Boss Tuneage, Pumpkin, Entez Anomicos (Germany), 5FeetUnder (Denmark), and Dead Lamb (Ireland). This has again received acclaim from the underground press and some more established publications such as Big Cheese magazine and Louder Than War.
In June 2013, the band recorded a live session at Maida Vale Studios for Mike Davies and the BBC Radio 1 punk show. They were also endorsed and played by Steve Lamacq on BBC 6 Music
In September 2013, Steve Lamacq picked a track as one of his five choices for a limited edition vinyl, which was given out at the AIM Awards ceremony.
The band released their Colossal Velocity album in summer 2016, which again received favourable reviews including a 4K review from Kerrang!.
After announcing they would split up at the end of the year, the band released their final album, That Was Just a Noise in 2018. The release featured rarities, unreleased material as well as classic album tracks.
Other projects
Bassist and vocalist Andy Davies co-runs TNSrecords and writes TNSfanzine. The label has released 50+ punk/ska CDs/vinyls to date (July 2016). The band discusses DIY politics both in their music and in interviews. Both the band and the label has become notable for its rejection of mainstream music culture and work to promote like-minded musicians working together collectively. The label and the band have been referenced in many dissertations and essays related to DIY culture. DIY culture has been written about extensively by Andy in TNSfanzine.
TNS fanzine is a punk rock fanzine which started in 2003 and has featured in exhibitions and is a prominent part of Salford Zine Library. Andy is also part of the collective that puts on Manchester Punk Festival.
All members have been involved in promoting underground punk gigs and bands. As part of TNSrecords Andy Davies runs a stage at Strummercamp Festival in Cheadle Hulme Matt Woods puts on MBBP gigs in Manchester.
Guitarist Matt Woods formerly played drums in English Dogs and External Menace, as well as playing with The Dangerous Aces and Barnyard Masturbator amongst others.
Andy Davies and Big Hands formerly featured in Midlands punk band McGraw who gained some notoriety in the early 2000s and were twice featured in Kerrang magazine.
Discography
Shitty Zombies (self-released) – (2005)
Party in the Van (self-released) – (2007)
Revenge of the Psychotronic Man vs. The Fractions (TNSrecords) – (2008)
Make Pigs Smoke (TNSrecords) – (2009)
International Split (EP) with the Mighty Midgets, Fist of the North Star and Broken Aris – (TNSrecords, 5FeetUnder and Stikman) (2011)
Shattered Dreams Parkway (album/LP/tape) (TNSrecords, Boss Tuneage, Pumpkin Records 5FeetUnder, Deadlamb Records Entes Anomicos), No Time – (October 2012)
In Session from Maida Vale (7") (TNSrecords, Boss Tuneage, 5FeetUnder, Entes Anomicos) – (December 2013)
Ten Years of Revenge... (7") (TNSrecords) – (April 2014)
The Bear and the Tiger (covers split with folk band Bootscraper) (12"/CD) (TNSrecords) – (February 2015)
Colossal Velocity (album) (12"/CD/tape) (TNSrecords, 5FeetUnder, No Time (US)) – (May 2016)
Some of These People Have Come from Stoke (collaboration with Tim Loud) (EP) (tape) (TNSrecords, No Time) (2017)
That Was Just a Noise (album) (12"/CD/tape) (TNSrecords, 5FeetUnder, No Time) (2018)
Compilations
Punk in Sunderland and Around the World (vol. 4) (self-released) – (2006), track: "Alcohol Is Not a Drug (It's a Drink)"
Punktastic Unscene 4: 30 Seconds to Impact (Punktastic) – (2008), track: "Vuz Lightyear"
TNS vol. 1: Music y People Who Drink Cider in the Gutter (TNSrecords) – (2008), track: "Get P*ssed, Talk Sh*t, Dance Like an Idiot"
TNS vol. 2: Mainstream Music Is Sh*t (TNSrecords) – (2010), track: "Blackpool Rock"
Punk Rock Generation vol. 3 (5FeetUnder) – (2010), track: "Needles to Say"
TNS vol. 3: These Troublesome Thinkers (TNSrecords) – (2011), track: "Booze Time"
Without Kibou, There Is Nothing (Kibou) – (2013), track: "Red Top Bullsh*t"
References
External links
Official site
Profile at TNSrecords
Profile at Discogs
English punk rock groups
Underground punk scene in the United Kingdom
Musical groups from Manchester
Musical groups established in 2004
Mohd Syamsul Mohd Yusof (born 21 May 1984) is a Malaysian actor, film director, writer, producer and singer. He is the son of producer and director Yusof Haslam. He is the youngest director to win the Malaysian Film Festival for Best Director award, doing so at the age of 25.
Having won the best director awards six times ever since at the Malaysian Film Festival and Anugerah Skrin, and was named Best Director at the 57th Asia Pacific Film Festival in Cambodia for his work in the horror/religious movie Munafik. In 2018, its sequel, Munafik 2, set a record as the highest grossing Malaysian film, which it held until it was surpassed by Mohd Syamsul's 2022 epic war film Mat Kilau.
Early life
Syamsul Yusof was born on 21 May 1984 and grew up in Kuala Lumpur. He is the son of famed director; Yusof Haslam. His brother, Syafiq Yusof is a well-known film director. His cousins, Rizal Ashreff and Sabrina Ali and half-brother, the late Faizal Yusof are also actors. Syafiq and Faizal themselves also have their other careers as film directors. He studied at the Malaysia Institute of Integrative Media (MIIM) or also known as Academy TV3 where he took a diploma in Film, TV Broadcasting and Journalism courses.
Career
From 2003 to 2007, Syamsul Yusof started to direct and acted in many TV series for RTM and TV3 such as Gerak Khas, Sembilu Kasih, Air Mata Maria and Tragedi Oktober. In 2007, he direct his first feature film, Evolusi KL Drift, co-written by him and his cousin Rizal Ashreff was initially rejected by his father for further redrafting. After the revision, his first film project was finally approved alongside a budget of RM 1.35 million. Despite his lack of directing experience and the immense pressure of keeping reputation of his family, Evolusi KL Drift was well-received upon its release on 3 April 2008. The film's success paved the way for several other directorial endeavours.
After the success of his directorial debut; his sophomore film Bohsia: Jangan Pilih Jalan Hitam, which had gained unwanted publicity due to the film title's issues with the vulgar language used and certain copyright issues. but he managed to pull through. The film managed to become successful despite the controversy. Next, he continued to direct the sequel to Evolusi KL Drift which released on 25 March 2010. The film was a critical and box-office success, with Syamsul bagging the Best Director award at the 23rd Malaysia Film Festival.
In 2011, he directed his first horror film Khurafat: Perjanjian Syaitan starring himself and Liyana Jasmay in lead roles. Released on 13 January 2011, it collected a gross collection of RM 8 million to the surprise of film thespians. Critics gave praise to his first attempt in directing the horror film. He also added his year's roster with KL Gangster, being careful in its production. The film collected a gross of almost RM 12 million, twice what his father achieved through Sembilu II, despite competition from foreign films screening during that time. The movie also won him the 24th Malaysia Film Festival's Best Director award for two years in a row.
He directed Aku Bukan Tomboy, his first comedy film starring Scha Alyahya as Farisha/Eisha. The movie was released on 17 November 2011, later followed by Jalan Kembali: Bohsia 2 (sequel to 2009 film) and KL Gangster 2. After three years of absence, Syamsul came back with his latest film, Munafik, was released to Malaysian cinemas in February 2016. Eleven months later, he starred as mentally-disturbed guy named Aiman in a mystery science fiction film Desolasi, directed by his brother Syafiq Yusof which was released on 8 December 2016. Syamsul appear in biographical romantical film Makrifat Cinta which was released in February 2018.
Syamsul also dabbles in a music. He produced an EP with Anwar Fazal, entitled The Love Legacy back then. The EP contained four songs - "Bidadari", "Apakah Semuanya Itu" (used as the soundtrack for Evolusi KL Drift 2), "Ya Robbi" (soundtrack for Khurafat) and "Hingga Hujung Dunia" (soundtrack for Aku Bukan Tomboy). In 2016, he released a new single which was a collaboration with singer Mawi, "Kalah Dalam Menang". The song was used as the theme song for his latest film, Munafik. He continued his collaboration with Mawi for a later song, titled "Bukan Propaganda" used as a soundtrack for Desolasi.
In the month of October 2020, Syamsul confirmed on his Instagram account that he is working on a screenplay for Munafik 3, a sequel to the highly successful Munafik 2 and the third entry in the Munafik film series.
Personal life
Syamsul married actress Puteri Sarah Liyana Megat Kamaruddin on 8 March 2014. They have two children, Syaikhul Islam (born 2017) and Sumayyah (born 2019).
Filmography
Film
Television series
Telemovie
Television
Discography
EP
"The Love Legacy" (2012; with Dr. Anwar Fazal)
Single
"Kalah Dalam Menang" (2016; featuring Mawi)
"Bukan Propaganda" (2016; featuring Mawi)
"Senorita" (2017; featuring Dato' AC Mizal & Shuib Sepahtu)
"Selamat Tinggal Masa" (2018; featuring Black)
"Menangislah" (2018; featuring Mawi)
"Satu Kalimah" (2020)
"GK Undercover" (2021)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Malaysian male actors
Malaysian film directors
People from Kuala Lumpur
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian people of Pakistani descent
Malay-language film directors
Malaysian child actors
The Ovetari Chapel (Italian: Cappella Ovetari) is a chapel in the right arm of the Church of the Eremitani in Padua. It is renowned for a Renaissance fresco cycle by Andrea Mantegna and others, painted from 1448 to 1457. The cycle was destroyed by an Allied bombing in 1944: today, only two scenes and a few fragments survive, which have been restored in 2006. They are, however, known from black-and-white photographs.
History
Antonio Ovetari was a Padua notary who, at his death, left a large sum for the decoration of the family chapel in the Church of the Eremitani. The project was carried out by his widow, Imperatrice Ovetari, who, in 1448, commissioned the work to a group of artists, which included the elder Giovanni d'Alemagna, Antonio Vivarini (a Venetian late Gothic painter) and two young Paduans, Niccolò Pizzolo and Andrea Mantegna. The latter at the time was seventeen years old and had just begun his apprenticeship in Squarcione's workshop. According to the original agreement, the first two artists had to paint the arch with histories of the Passion of Christ (never executed), the cross vault and the right wall (Histories of St. Chrisopther) while the two Paduans would paint the rest, including the left wall (Histories of St. James, son of Zebedee) and the apse.
In 1449 there were the first personal problems between Mantegna and Pizzolo, the latter accusing the former of continuous interferences in the execution of the chapel's altarpiece. This led to a redistribution of the works among the artists; perhaps due to this Mantegna halted his work and visited Ferrara. In 1450 Giovanni, who had executed only the decorative festoons of the vault, died; the following year Vivarini also left the work, after he had completed four Evangelists in the vault. They were replaced by Bono da Ferrara and Ansuino da Forlì, whose style was influenced by that of Piero della Francesca. Mantegna began to work from the apse vault, where he placed three saints, mixed with the Doctors of the Church by Pizzolo. Later Mantegna likely moved to the lunette on the left wall, with the Vocation of Sts. James and John and the Preaching of St. James, completed within 1450, and then moved to the middle sector.
At the end of 1451 the works were halted due to lack of funds. They were restarted in November 1453 and completed in 1457. This second phase saw Mantegna alone at work, as Pizzolo had also died in 1453. Mantegna completed the Stories of St. James, frescoed the central wall with the Assumption of the Virgin and then completed the lower sector of the Stories of St. Cristopher begun by Bono da Ferrara and Ansuino da Forlì, where he painted two unified scenes: the Martyrdom of St. Christopher.
In 1457, Imperatrice Ovetari sued Mantegna, accusing him of having painted, in the Assumption, only eight apostles instead of twelve. Two painters from Milan, Pietro da Milano and Giovanni Storlato, were called in to solve the matter. They justified Mantegna's choice due to the lack of space.
Around 1880 two scenes, the Assumption and the Martyrdom of St. Christopher, were detached from the walls. During World War II the two frescoes were stored in a separate location, and were thus saved from the destruction of all the rest of the cycle during an Allied air bombardment of 11 March 1944. The destroyed scenes are known today through black-and-white photographic reproductions.
Description
Architecture
The Chapel consists of an entrance room with a rectangular base, covered by a cross vault which is connected to a pentagonal apse introduced by an arch, where are a circular opening and four windows which illuminate the chapel.
Frescoes
The Chapel was dedicated to the saints James and Christopher. The two lateral walls were dedicated to the stories of each saint, with six episodes placed on three sections. The upper one consisted of a round lunette. Despite the presence of several painters in the work, the layout of the cycle is generally attributed to Mantegna, who devised the architectural frames. The stories portrayed were inspired by Jacobus de Voragine's Golden Legend.
The northern wall was entirely painted by Mantegna and included:
Vocation of the Saints James and John
St. James Preaching
St. James Baptizes Hermogenes
Judgement of St. James
Miracle of St. James
Martyrdom of St. James
The southern wall included the Stories of St. Christopher:
St. Christopher Leaving the King by Ansuino da Forlì (attributed)
St. Christopher and the King of the Devils by Ansuino da Forlì (attributed)
St. Christopher Ferrying the Child by Bono da Ferrara (signed)
St. Christopher Preaching by Ansuino da Forlì (signed)
Martyrdom of St. Christopher by Andrea Mantegna
Transportation of St. Christopher Beheaded Body by Andrea Mantegna.
On the central wall, where is the window, is a representation of the Assumption of the Virgin by Mantegna. There are also further fragments, likely painted on the piers. The vault was decorated with Four Evangelists by Antonio Vivarini between festoons by Giovanni d'Alemagna, while the apse was divided into sectors, where Mantegna had frescoed the saints Peter, Paul and Christopher within a stone frame with fruit festoons. These figures show similarities with the frescoes by Andrea del Castagno in the Venetian Church of San Zaccaria (1442), both in the format and their sculptural firmness. Also similar is the cloud on which the figures are standing.
In the remaining spaces were the Eternal Father Blessing and the Doctors of the Church within frames, frescoed by Niccolò Pizzolo. The Doctors were majestic figures, the saints being portrayed as Humanist scholars at work in their studios. The arch had two big heads, usually identified as self-portraits by Mantegna and Pizzolo. The decoration of the Chapel was completed by an altarpiece in terracotta covered with bronze by Pizzolo, which, although very damaged, is still existing. It shows a Holy Conversation in bas-relief.
References
15th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic chapels in Italy
Buildings and structures in Padua
Paintings by Andrea Mantegna
Paintings in Padua
Thomas Gibson (born London, c. 1680; died London, 28 April 1751) was an English portrait painter and copyist, notable as master of George Vertue.
Life
Nothing known of Gibson's life before c. 1711, when he was already established as portrait painter, appointed a founding director of Godfrey Kneller's Academy in London at Great Queen Street. According to the painter Thomas Highmore, Sir James Thornhill applied to Gibson to sketch for him in his large pictures figures in action. among his pupils there was George Vertue. Gibson's sitters included a number of important public figures: Dr Henry Sacheverell (1710; Oxford, Magdalen Coll.), John Flamsteed (1712; Oxford, Bodleian Lib.), Sir Robert Walpole (untraced; engr. G. Bockman), Archbishop William Wake (Oxford, Christ Church Pict. Gal.) and Archbishop John Potter (London, Lambeth Pal.). His most constant patron was John Poulett, 1st Earl Poulett (1663–1743), who commissioned a great number of originals and copies.
Gibson's career was interrupted in 1729-31 by serious illness, and he was obliged to sell his collection and for a time retire to Oxford. After resuming his practice he was patronized by Augusta, Princess of Wales, who in 1742 commissioned a group portrait of her four children, as well as her own portrait (both British Royal Col.).
References
Sources
External links
English portrait painters
17th-century English painters
English male painters
18th-century English painters
1751 deaths
1680s births
Yuanguang (元光) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Yuanguang (134BC–129BC), an era name used by Emperor Wu of Han
Yuanguang (1222–1223), an era name used by Emperor Xuanzong of Jin
"Come In, Stranger" is a 1958 Johnny Cash song. It was originally the B-side to "Guess Things Happen That Way", but the song gained greater popularity when Cash re-recorded it for the title track of an EP in 1971. The song was reissued again on Johnny Cash - The Essential Sun Singles.
References
1958 songs
Johnny Cash songs
Songs written by Johnny Cash
The Times Bulletin is a newspaper based in Van Wert, Ohio. In 2010, Brown Publishing was sold it to the Delphos Herald.
References
Newspapers published in Ohio
Van Wert, Ohio
The Valley of the Gods is a scenic sandstone valley near Mexican Hat in San Juan County, southeastern Utah, United States. Formerly part of Bears Ears National Monument, the Valley of the Gods is located north of Monument Valley across the San Juan River and has rock formations similar to those in Monument Valley with tall, reddish brown mesas, buttes, towers and mushroom rocks, remnants of an ancient landscape. On December 4, 2017, President Donald Trump issued a proclamation that reduced the area of Bears Ears National Monument, proclaimed by President Barack Obama on December 28, 2016, with new monument boundaries that exclude the Valley of the Gods. The area remains protected public land administered as an Area of Critical Environmental Concern and managed by the Bureau of Land Management, as it was before the monument designation.
Overview
The Valley of the Gods may be toured via a gravel road (San Juan County Road 242) that winds around the formations. The road is rather steep and bumpy in parts but is passable by non-four-wheel drive vehicles in dry weather. The western end joins Utah State Route 261 shortly before its ascent up Cedar Mesa at Moki Dugway, while the eastern end starts from the town of Mexican Hat along U.S. Route 163 and heads north, initially crossing flat, open land and following the course of Lime Creek, a seasonal wash, before turning west toward the buttes and pinnacles. In addition to the gravel road, the area is also crisscrossed by off-road dirt trails.
The valley is public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management. No entrance fee is charged and no services are provided in the valley. Dispersed camping is permitted at previously disturbed sites, though campfires are not allowed.
In popular culture
The valley has been used as the backdrop for various movies, commercials and television shows including:
Several Western movies
In the Airwolf (1984–1986) television series, the titular helicopter Airwolf lair is located in the valley (although actually filming was done in Monument Valley).
In 2011, two episodes of the Doctor Who TV show: "The Impossible Astronaut" and "Day of the Moon", the second of which includes an explicit on-screen reference to the filming location.
The valley is the titular location in Lech Majewski's 2019 film of the same name.
References
External links
Official BLM site
Valley of the Gods on American Southwest net
Colorado Plateau
Landforms of San Juan County, Utah
Rock formations of Utah
Tourist attractions in San Juan County, Utah
Valleys of Utah
Historia Argentina (in English, History of Argentina) in an encyclopedia of three volumes by Diego Abad de Santillán, published in 1965 by TEA (Tipográfica Editora Argentina).
Content
The encyclopedia is devoted to the history of Argentina. The first chapters, however, talk about the origin of the human race, the early migrations that populated America, the Pre-Columbian populations in modern Argentina, and the voyages of Christopher Columbus to América.
History of Argentina itself begins to be narrated from the discovery of the Río de la Plata by Juan Díaz de Solís, and follows to the sanction of the Sáenz Peña Law and the first presidential mandate of Hipólito Yrigoyen.
References
1965 non-fiction books
20th-century encyclopedias
20th-century history books
History books about Argentina
Latin American encyclopedias
Encyclopedias of history
Tactical Hybrid Order Router (simply known as THOR) is an electronic trading platform that manages securities orders in order to dodge certain tactics used in high-frequency trading. The program was created by Allen Zhang while working for the Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) in a team led by Brad Katsuyama.
Trading process
Katsuyama noticed that placing a single large order that can be fulfilled only through many different stock exchanges was being taken as an advantage by stock scalpers. Scalpers, noticing the order would not be able to be fulfilled by one single exchange, would instead buy the securities in the other exchanges, so that by the time the rest of the large order arrived to those exchanges the scalpers could sell the securities at a higher price. All these events would happen in milliseconds not perceivable to humans but perceivable to supercomputers capable of noticing such events in microscopic time scales. He instead led a team that implemented THOR, a platform where large orders are split into many different sub-orders with each sub-order arriving at the same time to all the exchanges through the use of intentional delays.
References
External links
Crypto Trading Strategy
Electronic trading platforms
Maéva Jocelyne Clemaron (born 10 November 1992) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Swiss Women's Super League club Servette.
Clemaron has previously played in France with Saint-Étienne and Fleury. She was part of the France national team at the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list France's goal tally first. Score column indicates score after each Clemaron goal.
References
External links
Maéva Clemaron at footofeminin.fr
Maeva Clémaron : « La Coupe du monde en ligne de mire », lessor42.fr
1992 births
Living people
Women's association football midfielders
French women's footballers
France women's youth international footballers
France women's international footballers
Division 1 Féminine players
Women's Super League players
AS Saint-Étienne (women) players
FC Fleury 91 (women) players
Everton F.C. (women) players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Women players
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
French expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate women's footballers in England
Sportspeople from Vienne, Isère
Footballers from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
French expatriate women's footballers
Expatriate women's footballers in Switzerland
French expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Servette FC Chênois Féminin players
The Piracy Act 1670 (22 & 23 Car 2 c 11) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The whole Act was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1966.
See also
Halsbury's Statutes
Piracy Act
References
Acts of the Parliament of England
1670 in law
1670 in England
Piracy law
Piracy in the United Kingdom
Henryk Niewodniczański (1900–1968) was a Polish physicist, professor at the Jagiellonian University and the creator and director of the Institute of Nuclear Physics in Kraków.
Niewodniczański graduated from the Stefan Batory University in Wilno (Poland) in 1924 and in 1926 received his PhD from the same university. In 1927, he was awarded a fellowship at University of Tübingen. At that time his main field of interest was optics of metals and molecular optics. By studying the influence of the magnetic field on the fluorescence of mercury vapour he discovered magnetic dipole radiation.
In 1934, as a fellow of Rockefeller Foundation, Niewodniczański worked in the Royal Society's Mond Laboratory and in the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge.
On his return to Poland in 1937, Niewodniczański worked first at the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań and later in Wilno where he was the Chair of Experimental Physics at the Stefan Batory University. After the war he obtained the Chair of Experimental Physics at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.
His interest in atomic optics and nuclear physics led him to a flourishing development of these branches of physics in Kraków. Niewodniczański was also an excellent organizer. In 1955 he created the Institute of Nuclear Physics, with a Soviet-made U-120 cyclotron as the main research tool.
As the director of the Institute of Nuclear Physics and of the Institute of Physics of the Jagiellonian University, Niewodniczański was the initiator of the majority of the research carried out in these two institutes. He assembled a group of young scientists who, undaunted by difficult conditions, built with him the necessary equipment and under his inspiration began research works.
In 1988, twenty years after his death, the Institute of Nuclear Physics he created was renamed The Henryk Niewodniczanski Institute of Nuclear Physics.
See also
Institute of Nuclear Physics Polish Academy of Sciences
References
Biography at the Institute of Nuclear Physics website
Another biography
Henryk Niewodniczański entry in
External links
The Henryk Niewodniczański Institute of Nuclear Physics in Kraków
20th-century Polish physicists
Scientists from Vilnius
Vilnius University alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Vilnius University faculty
Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań faculty
Jagiellonian University faculty
1900 births
1968 deaths
The J. J. Atkins, registered as the T.J. Smith Stakes, is a Brisbane Racing Club Group 1 Thoroughbred horse race for two-year-olds run at set weights over a distance of 1600 metres at Eagle Farm Racecourse, Brisbane in June during the Queensland Winter Racing Carnival. Total prizemoney is A$1,000,000.
Due to track reconstruction of Eagle Farm Racecourse for the 2014–15 racing season the event was transferred to Doomben Racecourse.
History
The race was long considered the premier two-year-old race of the Brisbane Winter Carnival.
It has been renamed several times since its inaugural running as The Claret Stakes.
In 1999 the race name was renamed after legendary trainer T.J. Smith. In 2013 the race was once again renamed to honour Queensland trainer Jim Atkins who won every major staying race in the Brisbane area except a QTC Oaks - a race in which he had seven minor placegetters. He won the Brisbane premiership four times.
Name
1893–1975 - Claret Stakes
1976–1982 - Marlboro Stakes
1983–1987 - Castlemaine Stakes
1988 - Channel Nine Stakes
1989–1994 - Castlemaine Stakes
1995–1998 - Q.T.C. Classic
1999–2012 - The T. J. Smith
2013 onwards - J. J. Atkins
Grade
1893–1979 - Principal Race
1980–1984 - Group 2
1985 onwards - Group 1
Distance
1893–1904 - 6 furlongs (~1200 metres)
1905–1954 - 7 furlongs (~1400 metres)
1955–1972 - 1 mile (~1600 metres)
1973 onwards - 1600 metres
Venue
2015 - Doomben Racecourse
2017 - Doomben Racecourse
2018 - Doomben Racecourse
Winners
2022 - Sheeza Belter
2021 - Converge
2020 - Rothfire
2019 - Prince Fawaz
2018 - The Autumn Sun
2017 - Capital Gain
2016 - Sacred Elixir
2015 - Press Statement
2014 - Almalad
2013 - Romantic Touch
2012 - Sizzling
2011 - Benfica
2010 - Pressday
2009 - Linky Dink
2008 - Rockdale
2007 - Apercu
2006 - Reigning To Win
2005 - Darci Brahma
2004 - Outback Prince
2003 - Picaday
2002 - Lovely Jubly
2001 - Juanmo
2000 - Show A Heart
1999 - Freemason
1998 - Mossman
1997 - Al Mansour
1996 - Anthems
1995 - Ravarda
1994 - Just A Printer
1993 - Mahogany
1992 - Slight Chance
1991 - Zinders
1990 - Chime Zam
1989 - Prince Salieri
1988 - Zeditave
1987 - Flotilla
1986 - One Guinea
1985 - Tristram's Edition
1984 - Prince Frolic
1983 - Regal Advice
1982 - Anchor In
1981 - Copperama
1980 - Royal Paree
1979 - Zephyr Zi
1978 - Scomeld
1977 - Luskin Star
1976 - Romantic Dream
1975 - Polenza
1974 - Knight Reign
1973 - †Light Appeal/Dalrello
1972 - †Alostar/Femme Fatale
1971 - †Manilove/Hot Head
1970 - †Kusarawa/West Coast
1969 - †Belle Of Burgundy/Forward Pass
1968 - Desert Beau
1967 - Quick Dollar
1966 - Rushkhana
1965 - Neive's Choice
1964 - Scolvin
1963 - Skeencourt
1962 - Arrogant Boy
1961 - Bush Belle
1960 - Le Storm
1959 - Greenwood Star
1958 - Espalier
1957 - Karunda
1956 - Chilly Glance
1955 - Royal Gaekwar
1954 - †Beau Moon/Faith Again
1953 - Callide River
1952 - West Lake
1951 - Khazana
1950 - Ninth Mark
1949 - Mr. Sunray
1948 - Naispear
1947 - Gold Titan
1946 - Gay Stand
1942–45 - race not held
1941 - Lord Spear
1940 - Rex Buzz
1939 - Spearace
1938 - Karait
1937 - Donarium
1936 - Monash River
1935 - Buzzard King
1934 - Linart
1933 - Utterer
1932 - Scottish Airs
1931 - Morning Carol
1930 - Monash Valley
1929 - Lady Bine
1928 - Ambershire
1927 - The Kist
1926 - Oedipus
1925 - Taupo
1924 - Civetta
1923 - Bribie
1922 - Rabisu
1921 - Admetus
1920 - Litre
1919 - Eudor Furly
1918 - Had I Wist
1917 - Rose Et Noir
1916 - Amberdown
1915 - Irish Colleen
1914 - Lado
1913 - Rose O' Merton
1912 - Bronze King
1911 - Yeena Lad
1910 - Cowl
1909 - Braw Laddie
1908 - Barallan
1907 - Capture
1906 - Inglewood
1905 - Volant
1904 - Archives
1903 - Fitz Grafton
1902 - Ivan
1901 - The Maine
1900 - Araxes
1899 - Arc En Ciel
1898 - Boreas II
1897 - Boscobel
1896 - College Cap
1895 - Caesar
1894 - Duke Of York
1893 - Common
† Run in Divisions
Almalad was later renamed Friends of Ka Ying
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
Group 1 stakes races in Australia
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Recurring sporting events established in 1893
Crates of Athens (Greek: Κράτης ὁ Ἀθηναῖος; died 268–264 BC) was a Platonist philosopher and the last scholarch of the Old Academy.
Biography
Crates was the son of Antigenes of the Thriasian deme, the pupil and eromenos of Polemo, and his successor as scholarch of the Platonic Academy, in 270–69 BC. The intimate friendship of Crates and Polemo was celebrated in antiquity, and Diogenes Laërtius has preserved an epigram of the poet Antagoras, according to which the two friends were united after death in one tomb. The epigram, according to him, reads:
"Stranger, who passest by, relate that here
The God-like Crates lies, and Polemo;
Two men of kindred nobleness of mind;
Out of whose holy mouths pure wisdom flowed,
And they with upright lives did well display,
The strength of all their principles and teaching."
The most distinguished of the pupils of Crates were the philosopher Arcesilaus, who succeeded him as scholarch, Theodorus the Atheist, and Bion of Borysthenes. The writings of Crates are lost. Diogenes Laërtius says that they were on philosophical subjects, on comedy, and also orations; but the latter were probably written by Crates of Tralles.
Notes
References
Attribution:
External links
Life of Crates
260s BC deaths
3rd-century BC Athenians
3rd-century BC philosophers
Academic philosophers
Hellenistic-era philosophers in Athens
LGBT people from Greece
Ancient LGBT people
Year of birth unknown
Manuel Antonio Aybar (born September 8, 1972) is a retired pitcher who has played in Major League Baseball and Korea Baseball Organization. He bats and throws right-handed.
Aybar began his professional career in as a shortstop in the St. Louis Cardinals organization, but switched to pitching in . He made his major league debut on August 4, , with St. Louis in a 4–2 loss to the New York Mets. After that, he was unable to fully establish himself as a major leaguer, spending time in the Colorado Rockies, Cincinnati Reds, Chicago Cubs, Florida Marlins, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, San Francisco Giants, New York Mets and LG Twins organizations at both the major league and Triple-A levels and in Korean baseball. Aybar played for the Dorados de Chihuahua of the Mexican League for the 2010 season.
In 2015, he served as pitching coach for the DSL Mets 1.
References
External links
1972 births
Arkansas Travelers players
Chicago Cubs players
Cincinnati Reds players
Colorado Rockies players
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in South Korea
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Taiwan
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in the United States
Durham Bulls players
Florida Marlins players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Iowa Cubs players
KBO League pitchers
LG Twins players
Living people
Louisville Redbirds players
Louisville RiverBats players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic
Memphis Redbirds players
New York Mets players
Norfolk Tides players
People from Baní
San Francisco Giants players
Savannah Cardinals players
St. Louis Cardinals players
St. Petersburg Cardinals players
Ányos István Jedlik (; ; in older texts and publications: ; 11 January 1800 – 13 December 1895) was a Hungarian inventor, engineer, physicist, and Benedictine priest. He was also a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, and author of several books. He is considered by Hungarians and Slovaks to be the unsung father of the dynamo and electric motor.
Career
He was born in Szimő, Kingdom of Hungary (today Zemné, Slovakia). His parents were Ferenc Jedlik and Rozália Szabó. His mother was a member of a Hungarian noble family, while his paternal grandfather was of Slovak origin moving in 1720 from Liptó County to Szimő.
Jedlik's education began at high schools in Nagyszombat (today Trnava) and Pressburg (today Bratislava). In 1817 he became a Benedictine, and from that time continued his studies at the schools of that order, where he was known by his Latin name . In 1818-20 he studied humanities at the Lyceum of the Benedictine Order in Győr, then in 1822 he obtained a doctorate in 1822 in Pest, and passed examinations in mathematics, physics, philosophy and history. He was ordained a priest in 1825. In 1825, the Benedictine Order decided that he should teach at the Győr grammar school, and later at the Physics Department of the school. In the meantime, he was constantly expanding the workshop of the school, very often making his own tools, and creating his first inventions. From 1831 he taught at the Royal Academy in Pozsony. From 1840, he was appointed professor of physics-mechanics at the Budapest University of Sciences. Few guessed at that time that his activities would play an important part in bringing up a new generation of physicists. He became the dean of the Faculty of Arts in 1848, and by 1863 he was rector of the university. From 1858 he was a corresponding member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences and from 1873 was an honorary member. After his retirement, he continued working and spent his last years in complete seclusion at the priory in Győr, where he died.
He was a prolific author. In 1845, Jedlik was the first university professor in the Kingdom of Hungary who began teaching his students in Hungarian instead of Latin. His cousin Gergely Czuczor, a Hungarian linguist, asked him to create a Hungarian technical vocabulary in physics, the first of its kind, by which he became one of its founders.
Scientific work
Electric motor
At the grammar school of Győr in 1827, Jedlik started experimenting with electromagnetic rotating devices which he called lightning-magnetic self-rotors, and in 1828 he demonstrated the first device which contained the three main components of practical direct current motors: the stator, rotor, and commutator. In the prototype both the stationary and the revolving parts were electromagnetic. The first electromotor, built in 1828, and Jedlik's operating instructions are kept at the Museum of Applied Arts in Budapest. The motor still works perfectly today. However, Jedlik only reported his invention decades later and the true date of it is uncertain (late December 1827 or early January 1828).
He had the necessary props and tools made by the craftsmen in Győr. He carefully recorded his experiments, and in his notebook, under the number 290, he described the electric motor: "a wire carrying an electromagnetic current makes a continuous rotating movement around a similar electromagnet".
He was ahead of his contemporaries in his scientific work, but he did not speak about his most important invention, his prototype dynamo, until 1856; it was not until 1861 that he mentioned it in writing in a list of inventory of the university. Although that document might serve as evidence of Jedlik's being the first dynamo, the invention of the dynamo is linked to Siemens's name because Jedlik's invention did not rise to notice at that time.
Invention of the Dynamo principle
Jedlik's best known invention is the principle of dynamo self-excitation.
The self-excitation replaced the permanent magnet designs in the industry.
In the prototype of the single-pole electric starter, both the stationary and the revolving parts were electromagnetic. In essence, the concept is that instead of permanent magnets, two opposed electromagnets induce the magnetic field around the rotor. He formulated the concept of the self-excited dynamo about 1861, six years before Siemens and Wheatstone.
As one side of the coil passes in front of the North Pole, crossing the line of force, a current is induced. As the frame rotates further the current diminishes, then arriving at the front of the South Pole it rises again but flows in the opposite direction. The frame is connected to a commutator, thus the current always flows in the same direction in the external circuit.
The first impulse generator
In 1863 he discovered the possibility of voltage multiplication and in 1868 demonstrated it with a "tubular voltage generator", which was successfully displayed at the Vienna World Exposition in 1873. It was an early form of the impulse generators now applied in nuclear research.
The jury of the World Exhibition of 1873 (chaired by Ernst Werner von Siemens) in Vienna awarded his voltage multiplying condenser of cascade connection with a prize "For Development". Through this condenser, Jedlik framed the principle of surge generation by cascaded connection. (The cascade connection was another important invention of Ányos Jedlik)
Optics
In 1814, Joseph von Fraunhofer discovered that heated materials emit light in specific colour ranges. But to analyse the resulting lines accurately, a continuous spectrum was needed. Since Newton, this has been solved by resolving white light with a prism. However, optical gratings were used to obtain a more useful, broader spectrum. Not satisfied with the instruments available at the time, Jedlik set about designing a new machine, which became a continuous development effort that lasted for three decades. In the meantime, the instrument maker working for him essentially laid the foundations of Hungarian fine mechanical instrument making. In the early 1840s, grids with 300-400 strokes per millimetre appeared abroad. However, the spacing of the lines was not uniform, so they did not produce a perfect colour image.
Jedlik's aim was therefore not to increase the number of lines, but to make the spacing of the scratches even. By 1860 he had a machine that worked accurately. It took about 10 seconds to draw a line, after which the needle would rise and the machine would push the point corresponding to the end of the next line under the needle. It took several days to complete a single grid - 12 000 lines - so he used another of his inventions, the electric motor, to drive the machine. The machine worked automatically, powered by electric motor. He made several types of grids: linear, cross and circular. The production of the grids required a great deal of chemical knowledge and experimentation (the glass was fine-coated, scratched and the scratched surface etched) until Jedlik found the most suitable materials. His excellent optical gratings became known and sought after. An optician in Paris, from whom Jedlik had once bought a clockwork arc lamp, became the main distributor. Jedlik's gratings won the respect of experts for their precision and high brightness. They helped to achieve a wavelength resolution of the spectrum below nanometres (10–9 m). Its optical gratings, with more than 2,000 lines per millimetre, were still used for spectroscopy even in the 1960s.
Galvanic batteries and arc-lighting
From the 1840s, Jedlik began to work on improving the batteries because of the high power requirements of arc-lighting. By studying the best batteries of the time, the Bunsen elements, he realised that he could achieve his goal by reducing the internal resistance. Instead of the single-acid immersion batteries he had been using, he created two-fluid batteries in which the two types of acid were separated first by clay fragments and later by impregnated paper. He sent such elements to the 1855 Paris World Exhibition, but they were destroyed by careless transport. The committee was only able to examine a few intact cells, and these were found to have a higher energy density than the original Bunsen cells. This result was rewarded with a bronze medal, and a plant was set up in Pest to manufacture them. His batteries become well known and sought after the exhibition, and were exported to Paris and even Constantinople.[13] He also demonstrated the batteries and arc lamp lighting in Pannonhalma in 1856.
Bibliography
Books for university students
The following are all given in the Hungarian Electronic Library:
Contributions by Jedlik in other works:
ibid., pp. 256–258
See also
List of Roman Catholic scientist-clerics
References
External links
Biography (in Hungarian)
Jedlik Biography
Jedlik honored on Hungarian coin
Jedlik motor (YouTube video)
Jedlik's electric motor (YouTube video)
Scientist of the Day – Ányos Jedlik at Linda Hall Library
1800 births
1895 deaths
Hungarian inventors
Hungarian electrical engineers
19th-century Hungarian physicists
Austro-Hungarian engineers
Austro-Hungarian inventors
People associated with electricity
19th-century Hungarian Roman Catholic priests
Catholic clergy scientists
Hungarian people of Slovak descent
Hungarian Benedictines
People from Nové Zámky District
143 (one hundred [and] forty-three) is the natural number following 142 and preceding 144.
In mathematics
143 is the sum of seven consecutive primes (11 + 13 + 17 + 19 + 23 + 29 + 31). But this number is never the sum of an integer and its base 10 digits, making it a self number.
Every positive integer is the sum of at most 143 seventh powers (see Waring's problem).
143 is the difference in the first exception to the pattern shown below:
.
In the military
Vickers Type 143 was a British single-seat fighter biplane in 1929
United States Air Force 143d Airlift Wing airlift unit at Quonset Point, Rhode Island
was a United States Navy during World War II
was a United States Navy during World War II
was a United States Navy during World War II
was a United States Navy in World War II
was a United States Navy patrol boat
was a United States Navy during the Cuban Missile Crisis
was a United States Navy during World War I
In transportation
London Buses route 143 is Transport for London contracted bus route in London
Air Canada Flight 143, landed at Gimli, Manitoba Air Force Base after gliding running out of fuel on July 23, 1983
Philippine Airlines Flight 143 exploded prior to takeoff on May 11, 1990, at Manila Airport
Bristol Type 143 was a British twin-engined monoplane aircraft of the Bristol Aeroplane Company
British Rail Class 143 diesel multiple unit, part of the Pacer family of trains introduced in 1985
East 143rd Street–St. Mary's Street station on the IRT Pelham Line of the New York City Subway
143rd Street station on Metra's SouthWest Service in Orland Park, Illinois
In media
143 (film), a 2004 Indian film
Musicians Ray J and Bobby Brackins wrote the song "143"
On Mister Rogers' Neighborhood: "Transformations", 143 is used to mean "I love you". 1 meaning I for 1 letter, 4 meaning Love for the 4 letters, and 3 meaning You for the 3 letters. Reportedly, Fred Rogers maintained his weight at exactly 143 pounds for the last thirty years of his life, and associated the number with the phrase "I love you"
Jake Shimabukuro released the song "143" based on his experience in high school when 143 was sent on a pager to indicate "I Love You"
Sal Governale of The Howard Stern Show had a long running saga on the show about his wife who had an emotional friend. He discovered the severity of their relationship when he read their text messages and emails which included "143", shorthand for "I love you".
In popular culture
143. A popular pager number to communicate "I love you" (based on the number of letters in each of the three words)
In other fields
143 is also:
The year AD 143 or 143 BC
143 AH is a year in the Islamic calendar that corresponds to 760 – 761 CE
143 Adria is a large main belt asteroid
143 Records label of producer David Foster, a sub-label of Atlantic Records
Psalm 143
Sonnet 143 by William Shakespeare
Slovenia ranks #143 in world population
The 143, in South Africa, refers to the 143 conscientious objectors who publicly refused to do military service in the Apartheid army in 1988.
The song “143” by Musiq
The song “Flying Dream 143” by Elbow
The atomic number of Unquadtrium, a temporary chemical element
See also
List of highways numbered 143
United Nations Security Council Resolution 143
United States Supreme Court cases, S3XiFi3D 143
References
External links
The Natural Number 143
143 at Urban Dictionary
143 at Virtual Science
Integers
The Route nationale 24 is a highway in western France. It connects the city of Rennes with the Atlantic port of Lorient. The road is approximately 149 km long.
Route
The road starts at a junction with the N12 in the city centre of Rennes. The road heads south west and is a dual carriageway. The old road is numbered the RD224 and passes through the town of Mordelles. Thereafter the road is an upgrade of the former carriageway. At Plélan-le-Grand the new and old roads diverge again with the new road looping to the south at autoroute standard until rejoining at the town of Ploëmel. The old road numbered the RD724 skirted the Foret de Paimpont crossing the River Aff. It then headed across moorland (Camp de Coëtquidan-St-Cyr) before passing through the village of Campénéac before reaching the town of Ploëmel.
The road continues west over the rivers Ninian and Yvel. The Colonne des Trente is a memorial at the side of the road. The road now by-passes the town of Josselin and crosses the River Oust. The N24 is again autoroute standard as it continues passing north of Locminé. Thereafter the old route of the road is numbered the RD724 which has several steep inclines and descents as it crosses the River Evel and heads through the town of Baud. To the west of Baud is the Vénus de Quinpily.
The old and new routes then run parallel past the village of Languidic and entering the valley of the River Blavet. The old route headed through Hennebont crossing the river and then into north west Lorient as the Rue Jean Jaurès ending eventually at the Pont de Camel and the entrance to the port. The new road curves to the south ending at Junction 39 of the N165, European route 60 (Brest to Nantes) south east of Hennebont.
024
Nathaniel Mehr is a leftwing British journalist whose has written for several publications including The Morning Star newspaper and Tribune magazine and Red Pepper.
From 2008 to 2010 Mehr was co-editor of the London Progressive Journal, an online current affairs magazine. His first book, Constructive Bloodbath in Indonesia: The US, Britain and the Mass Killings of 1965-66, was published by Spokesman Books in May 2009. In January 2011, Spokesman Books published a new edition of J.A. Hobson's seminal work, 'Imperialism: A Study', which featured a new introduction by Nathaniel Mehr. Nathaniel Mehr is currently an associate editor of Review 31, an online literary magazine that was launched in October 2011.
References
British male journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rătești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Ciupa-Mănciulescu, Furduești, Mavrodolu, Nejlovelu, Pătuleni, Rătești and Tigveni.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The Shepherd's Granddaughter is a children's novel by Anne Laurel Carter published in 2008. It provides a fictional account of the complex situation between the Jewish and Muslim communities in Palestine, which is seen through the eyes of Amani, a Palestinian girl six years old when the story begins, who sees the land of her ancestors stolen from her family. The issues behind the conflict are too complex for Amani's naïve understanding, but her way of expressing the situation is moving. Carter was inspired to write the novel by her meeting with Palestinians who were living through similar situations that she writes about in the book.
The Shepherd's Granddaughter is a story of courage and determination where family unity overcomes all else. It portrays a duality between ancestral ways of living and modern times in the contemporary Palestinian conflict setting. The role of women in society is also a major theme throughout the novel. The author manages to adapt mature subject matter for a young audience in an accomplished way. "The Shepherd's Granddaughter is a well-intentioned, very earnest narrative that aims to foster international harmony by educating young readers. A portion of the book's royalties are donated to the Children in Crisis Fund portion of the International Board on Books for Young People."
Plot summary
Amani is a young Palestinian girl. Her family have a long tradition of tending sheep above the olive groves of the family homestead in the valley near Hebron. Amani is inspired by the life and stories of Seedo, her grandfather and she dreams to follow in his footsteps. The parents of the young girl would like her to go to school in the village and learn to be a good Muslim and wife. Seedo, on the contrary, believes that Amani should learn to tend sheep and ensure that the family traditions are passed down. Amani is learning to be a good shepherd through Seedo's teaching. The old man also tells her stories about a secret meadow called Firdoos.
When Amani's home and pasture land are being threatened by the encroaching Jewish settlement, her family's land used to graze sheep is becoming threatened. As she pushes her way higher on the mountain she discovers what seems to be Firdoos, the mythical pasture of Seedo's story. There, she meets a boy named Jonathan, the son of a Jewish settler. The thought of her livelihood being destroyed by the settlers encourages Amani to go to school. There she can learn English, and perhaps be able to argue with the settlers. At school, she meets several girls who are faced with the same tragedy. Not only is Amani's home being destroyed but her family is also dispersed. Her mom, who went to Canada to visit her dying mother, finds herself incapable of returning to Palestine. Her father and uncle are imprisoned for opposing Israeli actions. With the surprising help of a rabbi, a woman lawyer and a Christian Peacemaker Team the family are able to reunite at last and rebuilt what has been destroyed.
Main themes
The novel deals with the conflict between Palestinians and Israelis in a non-violence context. Another theme is the conflict between old and modern society and ways of living.
Literary awards
Since being published in 2008, Anne Carter's novel has been honored in eight award programs including the Canadian Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award, the Society of School Librarians International Best Book Award and Jane Addams Children's Book Award Honor Book.
Characters in order of appearance
Amani: Palestinian girl. Her name means "Wish" but she is nicknamed "the sheep girl". Amani is the protagonist of the story.
Seedo: Amani's grandfather, the shepherd.
Mama (Rose): Amani's mother
Sitti: Amani's grandmother
Nasty: The ram
Omar: Amani's 10-year-old brother
Amma Fatima: Ammo Hani's wife, Amani's aunt
Wardeh: Amani's older cousin, the oldest of a family of five girls
Ammo Hani: Seedo's oldest son. He becomes a prisoner of the Settlers
Aref: Amani's cousin, he teaches Amani how to read and write in the evening so she can shepherd during the day
Nahla: Amani's cousin who married Al Khalil
Miss Aboushi: School teacher
The vet : Gives advice to Amani on how to care for the sheep
Romania: a sheep given to Amani by the vet. She is of a rare breed
Mudher: Seedo's only living brother who comes to help during olive-harvesting
Black face: Romania's lamb
Sahem: The family dog
Musical Sitti: Amani's grandmother on her mother's side. She lives in Toronto and is dying of cancer so Rose travels see her.
The Rabbi: A friend of Baba's from Jerusalem. He helps the family in their attempt to negotiate with the settlers who are building a highway on their land.
Raja: A friend of Wardeh from school
Jonathan ("The boy"): A Jewish boy from New York, he came to Palestine to visit his father who is working on the settler highway.
Souad, Alia, Dana and Hania: Amani's schoolmates who are also affected by the construction of the highway
Islan: Amani's uncle who lives in the village
Lawyer: Woman from Tel Aviv who works on Human Rights issues.
Abu Nader: Shepherd and friend of Seedo
The author
Anne Laurel Carter was born and raised in Don Mills, Ontario. She started traveling when she was seventeen years old. Her adventures took her to Scotland and Israel where she studied Hebrew. She met her first husband, an American man on Kibbutz. They moved to Los Angeles and were married. Anne Laurel then decided to get education to work with children. She has a master's degree in Education and taught immigrants in Toronto who shared their stories and later inspired her. The experience was an eye opener for the author-to-be. Anne Laurel Carter, also taught in remote communities in Canada and enjoyed the experience. She did not consider becoming a writer until she became a mother with her second husband. Her four young children triggered her imagination and put her on the writer's path.
Critique
Despite its success, the novel generated controversy among the Jewish advocacy group B'nai B'rith whose advocate, in a letter to the Ontario provincial ministry of education and the Toronto Board of Education, requested that the book be removed from the recommended-reading list arguing that it is 'anti-Israeli propaganda'. The book is not part of the Toronto School Board curriculum but is recommended by the Ontario Library Association.
Awards and nominations
2010 Red Maple Award Nominee
2009 CLA Book of the Year Award for Children
2009 Honor Book for the Jane Addams Book Award for peace
2009 IRA Notable Book for a Global Society
2009 USBBY Outstanding International Book
Other works by Anne Laurel Carter
Anne Laurel Carter has published a series of picture books, young adult books and adult books.
Her young adult books include The Shepherd's Grand-Daughter (Groundwood, 2008), Last Chance Bay (Penguin, 2004), In the Clear (Orca, 2001), the trilogy Our Canadian Girl (Penguin, 2002-2005-2006) and No Missing Parts Short: Stories About Real Princesses (Red Deer Press, Fall 2002).
References
External links
International Board on Books for Young People, official website
Anne Laurel Carter's official website
Canadian children's novels
2008 Canadian novels
Novels set in the Palestinian territories
Novels set during the Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Throne Mountain is a prominent mountain summit located in Jasper National Park, in the South Jasper Ranges of the Canadian Rockies of Alberta, Canada. It is situated south of the town of Jasper, and east of Tonquin Valley. The nearest higher neighbor is Mount Edith Cavell, to the east, and Franchère Peak lies to the northeast. The peak is composed of sedimentary rock laid down from the Precambrian to the Jurassic periods, that was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
History
The peak was named in 1916 by Morrison P. Bridgland because the shape of the mountain resembles a chair. Bridgland (1878–1948), was a Dominion Land Surveyor who named many peaks in Jasper Park and the Canadian Rockies.
The first ascent of Throne Mountain was made in 1926 by J. W. A. Hickson and Howard Palmer, with guide J. Weber.
This mountain's name was officially adopted in 1935 by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Throne Mountain is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below with wind chill factors below . Precipitation runoff from Throne Mountain drains into the Astoria River, thence the Athabasca River.
See also
List of mountains of Canada
Geography of Alberta
References
External links
Parks Canada web site: Jasper National Park
Weather forecast: Throne Mountain
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Mountains of Jasper National Park
Canadian Rockies
The 1996–97 NBA season was the 29th season for the Seattle SuperSonics in the National Basketball Association. The SuperSonics entered the season as runners-up in the 1996 NBA Finals, having lost to the Chicago Bulls in six games. During the off-season, the team signed free agents Jim McIlvaine, Craig Ehlo, and Larry Stewart, and then later on signed Terry Cummings in January. Coming off their trip to the NBA Finals, the Sonics remained as one of the elite teams in the Western Conference posting an 11-game winning streak after losing two of their first three games. They later on posted a nine-game winning streak in January, then won seven straight games in February, and held a 32–15 record at the All-Star break. The Sonics won their third Division title in four years with a 57–25 record, and entered the playoffs as the #2 seed in the Western Conference. The SuperSonics had the sixth best team defensive rating in the NBA.
Three members of the team, Gary Payton, Shawn Kemp and Detlef Schrempf were all selected for the 1997 NBA All-Star Game. Payton averaged 21.8 points, 7.1 assists and 2.4 steals per game, and was named to the All-NBA Second Team, and NBA All-Defensive First Team, while Kemp averaged 18.7 points, 10.0 rebounds and 1.5 steals per game, and Schrempf provided the team with 16.8 points, 6.5 rebounds and 4.4 assists per game, but only played 61 games due to a foot injury. In addition, Hersey Hawkins contributed 13.9 points and 1.9 steals per game, while off the bench, sixth man Sam Perkins provided with 11.0 points per game, and Cummings averaged 8.2 points and 4.1 rebounds per game in 45 games. Defensive guard Nate McMillan only played just 37 games this season due to a torn right abductor muscle. Payton also finished in sixth place in Most Valuable Player voting, and in second place in Defensive Player of the Year voting.
In the Western Conference First Round of the playoffs, the Sonics trailed 2–1 to the 7th-seeded Phoenix Suns, but won the series in five games. In the Western Conference Semi-finals, they faced the Houston Rockets, who had home court advantage in the series, and took a 3–1 series lead. The Sonics won the next two games to even the series, but lost Game 7 to the Rockets.
This season was Kemp's final season with the SuperSonics, as he was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers in a three-team trade the following year. Also following the season, Cummings signed as a free agent with the Philadelphia 76ers, while Stewart was released to free agency, and Ehlo retired.
Draft picks
Roster
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Game log
Playoffs
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 1
| April 25
| Phoenix
| L 101–106
| Gary Payton (23)
| Shawn Kemp (15)
| Gary Payton (9)
| KeyArena17,072
| 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2
| April 27
| Phoenix
| W 122–78
| Payton, Kemp (23)
| Shawn Kemp (15)
| Gary Payton (6)
| KeyArena17,072
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| April 29
| @ Phoenix
| L 103–110
| Gary Payton (34)
| Shawn Kemp (11)
| Gary Payton (6)
| America West Arena19,023
| 1–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 4
| May 1
| @ Phoenix
| W 122–115 (OT)
| Gary Payton (28)
| Shawn Kemp (20)
| Gary Payton (14)
| America West Arena19,023
| 2–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 5
| May 3
| Phoenix
| W 116–92
| Detlef Schrempf (24)
| Shawn Kemp (11)
| Gary Payton (10)
| KeyArena17,072
| 3–2
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 1
| May 5
| @ Houston
| L 102–112
| Shawn Kemp (24)
| Shawn Kemp (11)
| Eric Snow (7)
| The Summit16,285
| 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2
| May 7
| @ Houston
| W 106–101
| Shawn Kemp (22)
| Shawn Kemp (15)
| Gary Payton (9)
| The Summit16,285
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| May 9
| Houston
| L 93–97
| Payton, Kemp (28)
| Shawn Kemp (10)
| Payton, Kemp (5)
| KeyArena17,072
| 1–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 4
| May 11
| Houston
| L 106–110 (OT)
| Gary Payton (27)
| Kemp, Cummings (9)
| Gary Payton (11)
| KeyArena17,072
| 1–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 5
| May 13
| @ Houston
| W 100–94
| Hersey Hawkins (23)
| Shawn Kemp (10)
| Gary Payton (11)
| The Summit16,285
| 2–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 6
| May 15
| Houston
| W 99–96
| Shawn Kemp (22)
| Shawn Kemp (11)
| Gary Payton (13)
| KeyArena17,072
| 3–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 7
| May 17
| @ Houston
| L 91–96
| Gary Payton (27)
| Shawn Kemp (10)
| Gary Payton (7)
| The Summit16,285
| 3–4
|-
Player statistics
NOTE: Please write the players statistics in alphabetical order by last name.
Season
Playoffs
Awards and records
Awards
Gary Payton, All-NBA Second Team
Gary Payton, NBA All-Defensive First Team
Records
Transactions
Trades
Free agents
Additions
Subtractions
References
See also
1996–97 NBA season
Seattle SuperSonics seasons
United States gubernatorial elections were held on November 7, 2017, in two states: Virginia and New Jersey. These elections formed part of the 2017 United States elections. The last regular gubernatorial elections for these two states were in 2013. Both incumbents were term-limited, so both seats were open. Democrats held the governorship in Virginia and picked up the governorship of New Jersey.
For the first time since 2008, Democrats won the total popular vote of the year's gubernatorial elections. This is the last time Democrats won the governorship in Virginia.
Election predictions
Several sites and individuals publish predictions of competitive seats. These predictions look at factors such as the strength of the incumbent (if the incumbent is running for re-election), the strength of the candidates, and the partisan leanings of the state (reflected in part by the state's Cook Partisan Voting Index rating). The predictions assign ratings to each seat, with the rating indicating the predicted advantage that a party has in winning that seat. Most election predictors use "tossup" to indicate that neither party has an advantage, "lean" to indicate that one party has a slight advantage, "likely" or "favored" to indicate that one party has a significant but not insurmountable advantage, and "safe" or "solid" to indicate that one party has a near-certain chance of victory. Some predictions also include a "tilt" rating that indicates that one party has an advantage that is not quite as strong as the "lean" rating would indicate.
Race summary
Results
Closest races
States where the margin of victory was less than 10%:
Virginia, 8.90%
Blue denotes states won by Democrats.
Partisan control by state
New Jersey
The 2017 New Jersey gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 2017. There were seven candidates. Candidates for Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey run on the same ticket and thus are elected at the same time. Incumbent Republican Governor Chris Christie was term-limited and could not run for a third consecutive term.
Primary elections took place on June 6, 2017. Kim Guadagno, Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey, won the Republican primary. Woodcliff Lake Mayor Carlos Rendo was her running mate. Phil Murphy, banker and former U.S. Ambassador to Germany, won the Democratic primary. Former State Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver was his running mate. Seth Kaper-Dale ran as the Green Party candidate; his running mate was Lisa Durden. Pete Rohrman ran as the Libertarian Party candidate; his running mate was Karrese Laguerre. Matt Riccardi ran as the Constitution Party candidate. There were two other independent candidates on the ballot.
Murphy was declared to be the winner when polls closed at 8 pm EST based on exit polling alone. He ultimately received 56.0% of the vote, winning with a 14.1% vote lead over his opponent. This was similar to the results in the 2016 election with Murphy slightly outperforming Hillary Clinton by one percentage point. However, with just 38.5% of registered voters casting ballots, this would be the lowest turnout on record for a gubernatorial election in New Jersey. This was the first gubernatorial election in New Jersey since 1989, in which the Democratic candidate won Somerset County.
Results
Virginia
Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe won election with 48% of the vote in 2013. McAuliffe was not eligible to run for reelection due to term limits established by the Virginia Constitution.
The Virginia gubernatorial election of 2017 was held on November 7, 2017. Primary elections took place on June 13, 2017. Virginia utilizes an open primary, in which registered voters are allowed to vote in either party's primary election. The Democratic Party nominated Ralph Northam and the Republican Party nominated Ed Gillespie. The Libertarian Party nominated Clifford Hyra by convention on May 6, 2017.
In the general election on November 7, 2017, Democratic nominee Ralph Northam defeated Republican nominee Ed Gillespie, winning by the largest margin for a Democrat since 1985. Northam became the 73rd governor of Virginia, and assumed office on January 13, 2018. The election had the highest voter turnout percentage in a Virginia gubernatorial election in twenty years with over 47% of the state's constituency casting their ballot.
Results
See also
Elections in the United States
2017 United States elections
2017 New Jersey elections
2017 Virginia elections
Notes
References
Gubernatorial
November 2017 events in the United States
Myke Tavarres (born November 18, 1992) is an American linebacker for the Leipzig Kings in the European League of Football. Before that, he also played for the Barcelona Dragons and the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL. He played college football for the Incarnate Word Cardinals football programm where he was named multiple times first and second team All-American.
Early life
Tavarres was born in Lake Oswego, Oregon as one of six children. He went to Lakeridge High School where he competed in wresling, track and field and excelled in football. As a senior he collected 135 tackles, including 37 in two consecutive weeks, 5.0 sacks with one interception, two fumble recoveries and one forced fumble.
College career
In 2011 he enrolled at College of the Siskiyous and played for the football varsity team. In two seasons he made 133 tackles with 25 tackles for loss. Additional 7 sacks and 3 interceptions brought him on the radar of other colleges. He enrolled in 2013 to the University of Arkansas. In 2014 he transferred again to the University of the Incarnate Word where he had to redshirt the year and played as a senior in 2015. There he made 66 solo tackles and 22.5 for loss as well as 8.5 sacks in 12 regular season games bringing him multiple awards.
Professional career
Philadelphia Eagles
After going undrafted in the 2016 NFL draft was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Philadelphia Eagles and played in all four preseason games of this season making him and his teammate Cole Wick the first UIW players in the NFL. There he scored 3 tackles and one QB hit, but was at the end released unexpectedly. It was speculated that the franchise released him do to the fact, that he wanted to join Colin Kaepernick in his protest.
Barcelona Dragons
After a short stint with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and playing for the Nebraska Danger the Barcelona Dragons signed him for the 2021 European League of Football season. Tavarres led the Dragons with 99 total tackles and 16 tackles for loss in 2021 making him the runner-up for the defensive player of the year.
Leipzig Kings
On January 31, 2022, Tavarres signed a two-year contract with the Leipzig Kings for the 2022 European League of Football season.
Professional statistics
Personal life
Tavarres studied communication arts at UIW.
References
External links
UIW Cardinals bio
ELF bio
1992 births
Living people
American football linebackers
European League of Football players
American expatriate sportspeople in Germany
American expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Players of American football from Oregon
American expatriate players of American football
Ypsolopha oliviella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona.
The wingspan is about 21.5 mm.
The antennae are silvery white with narrow dark brown annulations. The labial palpi are yellowish-brown, mottled on the outside with dark brown scales. The tuft is small and the terminal joint is roughened in front. The head and thorax are light brown. The forewings are olive-brown, closely and uniformly sprinkled with dark purplish-brown or blackish atoms, which give the wings a purplish sheen. The hindwings are light silvery fuscous and the legs are light brown mottled with black.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
The District Minor Works (DMW, ) programme of Hong Kong was initiated in 2007 and has been fully implemented since January 2008. It aims to fund minor works projects to improve local facilities, living environment and hygienic conditions through 18 district councils.
It covers minor building works, fitting out works and minor alterations, additions and improvement works including furniture and equipment replacement and slope inspections. Up to December 2015, about 4600 DMW facilities had been completed.
History
Lead departments
The Home Affairs Department (HAD) and the Leisure and Cultural Services Department (LCSD) are the two lead departments in this programme. The HAD is responsible for minor work projects related to community halls and improvements to living environment and hygienic conditions; the LCSD is responsible for projects related to leisure, cultural, sports, soft landscaping and recreation facilities. The DMW programme involved cooperation with the Architectural Services Department (Archsd), Electrical and Mechanical Services Department and term consultants.
District councils
The role of district councils (DCs) in the DMW programme includes:
initiating projects and collating local views
deciding project scale and scope
endorsing projects proposed by government departments
determining implementation priority and timetable
monitoring progress
The HAD has proposed to the DCs the appointment of a member or a dedicated working group for each DMW project to follow up on its planning, such as conducting site inspections in order to enhance communication. The HAD has also proposed that DCs should consider endorsing projects by way of circulation of papers instead of waiting for deliberation at the bimonthly meeting of the relevant District Council Committee. District Offices are assumed to hold a more proactive role in following up the progress of the projects.
Term consultancy approach
The key steps involved are:
District councils members identify a project and prepare project statements.
DCs prioritise projects.
Consultants conduct preliminary feasibility studies, cost estimation and preliminary designs.
Lead departments work out arrangements.
Consultants revise project designs and cost estimations upon the DC's advice.
DCs endorse project designs and cost estimations.
Consultants prepare tender documents.
Lead departments invite, receive and open tender.
Lead departments sign contract with tender.
Consultants supervise construction and administer contracts.
Lead departments pay consultants, site supervision staff and contractors.
ASD / HAD verified maintenance requirement.
Project details
The DMW covers nine main types of projects:
Sitting-out areas and playgrounds
Gardens and pet gardens
Landmarks
Pavilions and arbours
Rain shelters
Covered walkways and access
Ball courts
Planters
Miscellaneous, including benches, tour signage, tourist guide maps, fences and fitness equipment
Consultation
The 18 district councils take the initiative to discuss project ideas and consult the relevant stakeholders. The DCs play a pivotal role and are actively engaged in the consultation of District Minor Works projects, from the initial feasibility studies to designs and planning. Besides, at the planning stages, several stakeholders including the Area Committees (which are for urban areas), Rural Committees (for rural areas) and residents' organizations, for instance, the Mutual Aid Committees or Owners Corporations are also consulted on a need basis concerning the proposed projects. Priority is placed in meeting the expectations and needs of the local communities.
Projects under the DMW programme are endorsed by the 18 DCs, who are responsible for collating local views and district aspirations in planning and scheduling minor works. DC members consider views from locals before putting up proposals to their DCs for consideration and endorsement. DCs then consider whether the proposed projects fall within the ambit of the programme with regards to the scope of works, benefits to the public, project estimates and timetable for implementation, etc.
However, whether the DCs have conducted sufficient consultations is not held accountable. For example, the construction of Cadogan Street Temporary Garden in Kennedy Town was accused of having been pushed through without proper consultation by a concern group set up by the local residents. It was pointed out that the construction accounted for 30% of the district's minor works expenditure for the whole district, which is the highest budgeted plan. However, it will be demolished after several years. Furthermore, not all relevant stakeholders are taken into account, such as the elderly. There are needs for more social facilities such as clinics, schools and elderly care homes in that district instead of a temporary garden. Consultation may not be adequate for minor works that will be carried out.
Furthermore, transparency of the consultation cannot be guaranteed. Seven district councillors were found to have multiple identities, simultaneously holding the posts of rural committee chairmen. Meanwhile, all these chairmen were also members of the Steering Committee, who hold the final approval of the minor works. This implies that minor works, from being proposed to adopted, are handled by the same group of people, who play different roles in different stages. They can advocate, be consulted and have the power of scrutiny and approval. This shows that the minor works may just benefit the needs of a small group of people. Worse still, there may be black operation.
Finance
Since the implementation of the DMW in 2008, the annual provision of the DMW is $300 million. In the financial years of 2012-13 and 2013–14, it was increased to $320 million and $340 million respectively. Up to December 2015, the total expenditure was over $2.2 billion.
The cost of each project under the DMW programme would not exceed $30 million.
The actual project expenditures with breakdown by district and year of completion are given below:
For the first year of DMW implemented in 2008-09, 626 projects were completed. According to the information from the Home Affairs Bureau, up to 4962 projects were completed in total on 2015-16.
The number of DMW projects with the breakdown by district and year of completion is given below:
At the time of the launch of the DMW programme, the dedicated block allocation covering the capital costs was $300 million. The annual provision for the DMW block vote was increased by $20 million in 2012-13 and by another $20 million in 2013-14. The current annual provision is $340 million. In addition, resources have been set aside to cover the recurrent costs for the management and maintenance of completed facilities. The allocation for the DMW Programme will be increased progressively to $400 million, both capital and recurrent costs inclusive. Specifically, the recurrent costs will increase from $33 million in 2015-16 to $60 million in 2019-20. As a result, the total annual allocation for the DMW programme will amount to $400 million in 2019-20.
Currently, there are a total of 199 professional and works grade staff in HAD headquarters and its district offices supporting the implementation of various minor works programmes, including the DMW programme. This has included some 30 additional posts comprising five professional and 25 works grade staff since 2008. In 2016-17, the government plans to create two new posts of one professional and one works grade staff, so as to further strengthen the support for the implementation of minor works programmes.
Controversies
Lack of practical use
In 2010 in Southern District, a shelter was built over a bus stop in Wah Kwai Estate for 2.4 million, but then was discovered it was unable to provide shelter from rain and sunlight due to an open hole in the design. It was then reconstructed so as to fulfill its purpose.
In Yuen Long District a football field was constructed in San Tin for 14.5 million. Since it opened for use in 2010, the usage rata has been low. The transport network is inconvenient for public, being a walking distance of 20 minutes from public transport. There are no public toilets nor changing rooms at the football field. Toilets can only be reached in a walking distance of ten minutes.
Also in Yuen Long District, a man-made beach volleyball court was constructed in Tin Shui Wai for 19 million. District councillors criticised it as being impractical because beach volleyball is an unpopular sport and the maintenance of the court is costly.
In Kwai Tsing District, an electronic display board was installed in a mini-bus stop, showing time and temperature for public reference, and also road safety warnings for drivers. Some citizen criticised they could not read the display board because of the reflection of light.
In Yau Tsim Mong District, a red bronze statue was proposed to be built, with construction commencing by February 2014. An online petition was signed to oppose the construction, criticising it as a waste of public money of 1.59 million. The then Wan Chai District Council President Ada Wong Ying-kay criticised the construction of impractical facilities as falling behind public demand.
In Yau Tsim Mong District, the building of four shelters near the Coronation was completed in February 2016 for 1.58 million. Civic Party District Councillor Yu Tak Po criticised the size of shelters as being too small to accommodate more than two people.
Unnecessary spending
In Kwun Tong District, a budget proposal for repainting of 10 wall paintings for 0.8 million was approved in September 2016. Some of the wall paintings were painted in 1983. In 2010, 0.6 million was spent on organising a wall painting competition for the repainting work. According to Chairman of Kwun Tong District Facilities Management Committee Tam Siu-cheuk, the original design will remain after the repainting. The budget was reasonable in terms of the cost of weeding, cleaning and maintenance. Also, according to Kwun Tong District Councillor Wong Tsz Kin, the alternative of redesigning is not likely because the removal of the existing wall painting is technically difficult. Home Affairs Department replied the wall paintings will make the environment more pleasant and raise hygienic awareness.
However, the opposition thinks that the wall paintings are not effective in educating the public or raising hygienic awareness. There has been no significant improvement in hygiene in Sau Mau Ping. The design and slogans of the wall paintings are outdated, so the best solution is not to repaint but redesign them.
Unfair selection process
The approval of proposed projects is internally conducted, which means a proposed project is rated and assessed by the district councillors of the same district. This internal selection process is criticised as being biased and interest-conflicted since district councillors of the same political parties may tend to rate their party members higher. In 2016, 10 of the 13 successfully proposed projects in the Tsuen Wan District were proposed by DAB, cost amounting to 1.6 million.
Destruction of natural environment
Some construction in the country park areas is criticised as an intrusion of natural environment. In 2010, a construction project on fences and facilities was proposed by Sha Tin District Council Chairman Ho Hau-cheung. In 2014, a renovation of fences are approved in Sha Tin District Council for 0.12 million. In Tsuen Wan District, the refurbishment of pathways in Yuen Tsuen Ancient Trail from Sheung Tong to Ha Fa Shan was proposed so as to facilitate villagers. In Yuen Long District, a resurfacing was proposed for the rugged and destroyed pathway near Kam Tin Town Sei Pai Shek Tsuen Tsing Long Highway.
The Home Affairs Department said that all refurbishment project of rural pathways proposed and approved in district councils or the committees underneath them will strictly abide by the use of environmental friendly materials. For example, pathways will be surfaced with irregular natural rocks and cement to fit with the natural environment. Also, to meet the daily needs of villagers, for example, the use of wheelchairs or trolleys for the movement of large objects, concrete will be used for pathway construction for their ease.
The Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department said that the resurfacing of pathways and staircases with the use of cement amounts to 1.4 km, while the use of sand, soil and gravel reaches 100 km. The department will use natural material in the construction as much as possible, with three basic principles: simplicity of design, minimal impact on the natural environment and the safety of the public. Only when soil erosion becomes too serious or the pathway become too rugged will cement be used for fixing.
Environmentalists oppose the use of cement, because it affects the natural environment and destroys the natural view. An online survey showed that 90 percent of the 6,000 respondents preferred natural pathway to cemented ones. The President of Convoy Global Holdings Limited, Quincy Wong, criticised it as a white elephant.
References
History of Hong Kong
Union Bank was a bank operated by the firm of Bateman & Co. and it is listed in the London Directory for 1807. However, the date of establishment of the bank is unknown.
By December 1813, banknotes indicate that the business was being carried on under the style of Mathias, Lloyd, & Bowen. The partners were John Mathias, of Prendergast, Pembrokeshire, and Herbert Lloyd and Thomas Bowen, both of Haverfordwest.
By 1814, the bank appears to have been in difficulties, as John Mathias mortgaged certain bills of exchange held by John Evans of Bristol to secure any bills drawn by the firm not exceeding £3000 in value. Herbert Lloyd died around the beginning of 1816 and the bank was carried on by the surviving partners until it was declared bankrupt in May, 1816.
banknotes
Only three banknotes of this bank are in existence, both for £1 1s. and are dated 1813. Both notes are signed by Thomas Bowen for Mathias Lloyd and Bowen.
Other Pembrokeshire banks
Other Pembrokeshire banks include: Haverfordwest Bank, J. Dunn & Co., Tenby, Milford and Pembrokeshire Bank, Milford Bank, Pembrokeshire Bank, and Lock, Hulme & Co.
References
Defunct banks of Wales
Hinduism is a minority religion in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa followed by 0.02% of the population of the province as per 2017 Census. Though being in very fewer numbers and very less presence, the history of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had a very significance of Hindu culture.
History
The Gandharan civilization features prominently in the Hindu epic poem, the Mahabharatha, The Vedic texts refer to the area as the province of Pushkalavati. The area was once known to be a great center of learning.
In the first millennium CE, the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa region was ruled by Hindu-Buddhist Shabbir Khan kings. During the rule of the Shahis, the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa region was a center of trade. Textiles, gems, and perfumes, as well as other goods had been exported West and into Central Asia. The Shahis were known for their many Hindu temples. These temples were mostly looted and destroyed by later invaders. The ruins of these temples can be found at Nandana, Malot, Siv Ganga, and Ketas, as well as across the west bank of the Indus river.At the height of Shahi rule under King Jayapala, the kingdom had extended to Kabul and Bajaur to the Northwest, Multan to the South, and the India-Pakistan border to the East. Jayapala, threatened from the consolidation of power by the kingdom of Ghazna, invaded their capital city of Ghazni. This had initiated the Muslim Ghaznavid and Hindu Shahi struggles. Over time, Mahmud of Ghazni had pushed further into the subcontinent, as far as east as modern day Agra. During his campaigns, many Hindu temples and Buddhist monasteries had been looted and destroyed, as well as many people being forcibly converted into Islam. Local Pashtun and Dardic tribes converted to Islam, while retaining some of the pre-Islamic Hindu-Buddhist and Animist local traditions such as Pashtunwali.
Immediately prior to 1947 Partition of India, the British held a referendum in the NWFP to allow voters to choose between joining India or Pakistan and 99.02% votes were cast in favor of Pakistan. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, most of the Hindus left for India.
Demographics
According to the 1998 Census, there are 5,090 Hindus (including the Scheduled Castes) constituting 0.029% of the population of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. In the 2017 Census, there were 5,392 Hindus constitutes 0.015% of the population. However, Pakistan Hindu Council estimates that there are 21,033 Hindus in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Community life
In Peshawar, capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Hindus enjoy religious freedom and live peacefully alongside the Muslims. The city of Peshawar today is home to four Hindu tribes– the Balmiks, the Rajputs, the Heer Ratan Raths and the Bhai Joga Singh Gurdwara community. Since partition, the four tribes have lived in harmony with all religious communities including Muslims. However, there is the lack of upkeep of the dilapidated Hindu temples in the city. The local government always fails to assign caretakers and priests at temples. But in other parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa like Buner, Swat and Aurakzai Agencies, Hindu and Sikh families, have been targeted by Taliban for failing to pay Jizya (religious tax) and due to this more than 150 Sikhs and Hindu families in Pakistan's have moved to Hasan Abdal and Rawalpindi in Punjab in 2009.
The Kalasha people practice an ancient form of Hinduism mixed with animism. They are considered as a separate ethnic religion people by the government of Pakistan. They reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province.
Mansehra Shiv Temple is one of the oldest Hindu temple in Pakistan that is still in existence. It is at least 2000 to 3000 years old. Panj Tirath is another historic hindu temple in Pakistan. In 2020 Karak temple attack, historic Hindu temple and Samadhi in Karak district was vandalised and burnt by a mob of 1,500 local Muslims led by a local Islamic cleric and the supporters of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam party.
Temples
Kalibari Mandir, Peshawar
See also
Hinduism in Sindh province
Hinduism in Balochistan
Hinduism in Punjab Province
References
External links
Religion in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
The CIGI Campus, located in Waterloo, Ontario, is a hub of academic study and policy-based research in global governance and international affairs. Currently, the campus contains its namesake Centre for International Governance Innovation (CIGI), a global think tank previously housed in the former Seagram Museum, and the Balsillie School of International Affairs (BSIA).
History
In 2009, CIGI announced plans to house the BSIA within a "CIGI Campus" that would be built alongside its headquarters in Waterloo. The resulting $68 million complex received federal and provincial funding totalling $50 million through the Knowledge Infrastructure Program and Ontario's 2009 Budget. The City of Waterloo donated the land for the campus through a 99-year lease.
Toronto-based Kuwabara Payne McKenna Blumberg Architects was selected to design the CIGI Campus building in a classic Oxbridge style, complete with an inner courtyard and bell tower. Construction began in 2009 and substantially concluded in late 2011.
Features
Within the CIGI Campus courtyard is a public art installation crafted by Richard Fleischner. The art piece highlights significant moments of progress in international governance, with copper markers located on an unseen world map.
The building also incorporates environmentally friendly green roofs, operable windows, energy-efficient in-slab cooling and heating systems, and an underground cistern to collect grey water for landscape irrigation. The building was constructed using a BubbleDeck system that reduces structural concrete usage, and as a whole, achieves a 50-percent energy reduction beyond the requirements of the National Building Code.
The campus also houses the CIGI Auditorium, a 250-seat theatre-style space for public lectures and events.
Occupants
The CIGI Campus is home to academic and research programs that are partnerships between CIGI and other institutions. The BSIA, established in 2007 in a three-way partnership among the University of Waterloo, Wilfrid Laurier University and CIGI, was the first occupant of the campus in fall 2011. The school comprises roughly 60 percent of the campus building. Additional occupants on the campus include: The International Migration Research Centre (IMRC), the Japan Futures Initiative (JFI), and the Centre for Sustainable Food Systems. The campus is also home to the Centre for International Governance Innovation's International Law Research Program, announced in November 2013.
References
External links
CIGI Campus Website
CIGI's Official Website
Balsillie School of International Affairs
CIGI Campus Flickr Group
2009 establishments in Ontario
Waterloo, Ontario
Buildings and structures in Waterloo, Ontario
Political and economic think tanks based in Canada
Lee Che-gyong () (born January 19, 1989), better known by his ring name , is a Zainichi-Korean professional wrestler, former mixed martial artist as well as former weightlifter trained by and currently signed to All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW).
Professional wrestling career
All Japan Pro Wrestling
Early career and retirement (2011)
Lee joined the Japan Pro Wrestling dojo in January 2011, initially training under Keiji Mutoh. He debuted on August 17 of that year using his real name in a loss to Taiyo Kea, and lost again the following day, this time to Ryota Hama, but on August 20, Gyong picked up his first victory with a win over Yasufumi Nakanoue, and was once again victorious on August 24, teaming with Akebono and Masakatsu Funaki to defeat Joe Doering, Mazada and René Dupree. Gyong represented AJPW in The Destroyer Cup Battle Royal at All Together 2011, eventually won by Kentaro Shiga.
Gyong teamed with Takumi Soya on September 11 to defeat Soshun and Yasufumi Nakanoue, but was defeated by Soya and Takao Omori on September 17 when he teamed with Manabu Soya. After sustaining an injury, Gyong announced his retirement from professional wrestling in October 2011 after just ten professional matches. Gyong said in a 2016 interview that leaving professional wrestling "broke his heart". After leaving professional wrestling, he began to pursue a career in mixed martial arts. Soon after leaving All Japan, Gyong joined Power Of Dreams, where he trained under Kenichi Yamamoto and competed in MMA for the next several years.
Return and Nextream (2015–2017)
Gyong announced his return to professional wrestling and AJPW on May 21, 2015, now going under the ring name Jake Lee. His first match back took place on June 4, when he teamed with Jun Akiyama to defeat Takao Omori and Naoya Nomura. In December, after Kento Miyahara tried to join Evolution but was rejected by Suwama, Miyahara announced the formation of a new unit known as Nextream, consisting initially of Miyahara and Lee. On January 21, Nextream defeated Jun Akiyama and Yuma Aoyagi, and on February 13 defeated Akiyama and Takao Omori to become the new #1 contenders to the World Tag Team Championship. Lee and Miyahara unsuccessfully challenged champions Zeus and The Bodyguard on February 21. In April, Lee participated in the 2016 Champion Carnival, finishing with 2 points. On August 6, Miyahara and Lee received another opportunity at the World Tag Team Championships, this time losing to Daisuke Sekimoto and Yuji Okabayashi.
Lee took part in the 2016 Royal Road Tournament, but was eliminated in the first round by Ryoji Sai. In October, Miyahara and Lee were joined in Nextream by Yuma Aoyagi, and eventually Naoya Nomura. On October 31, Lee represented AJPW in an 8-man tag team match for Heat-Up Pro Wrestling, teaming with Takao Omori, Yuma Aoyagi and Yohei Nakajima to defeat Daisuke Kanehira, Koji Iwamoto, Shinya Ishida and Tatsumi Fujinami.
Lee and Miyahara participated in the 2016 Real World Tag League, winning their block with 8 points, but losing to Get Wild (Takao Omori and Manabu Soya) in the final. On February 17, 2017, Lee teamed with Miyahara to once again challenge Big Guns for the World Tag Team Championship but again came up short.
In April, Lee participated in the 2017 Champion Carnival but finished last in Block A with 2 points only scoring a win over Zeus. Following the Champion Carnival, Lee began teaming with Nextream member Naoya Nomura and the two challenged The Big Guns for the World Tag Titles on May 12 but lost.
On June 11, Lee got his first shot at the Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship against Shuji Ishikawa but came up short. On July 17, Lee and Nomura got another title shot against The Big Guns for the World Tag Team Championship but this time emerged victorious with both Lee and Nomura winning their first championship. On July 28, Lee and Nomura retained the titles in a rematch against The Big Guns but Lee suffered a knee injury during the match. On August 1, AJPW announced Lee and Nomura were stripped of the titles due to Lee's injury.
Sweeper (2018–2019)
In the spring of 2018, Lee announced his return to the ring as well as his departure from Nextream. He had his return match on May 24 teaming with Koji Iwamoto to defeat Nomura and Yoshitatsu. On June 13, Lee announced the formation of his own stable called "Sweeper" due to their desire to clean sweep All Japan by controlling their titles with the stable consisting of Iwamoto, Keiichi Sato, Ryoji Sai, and Dylan James.
In September, Lee entered the Ōdō Tournament defeating Jun Akiyama in the first round on September 17 but fell to Kento Miyahara in the second round on September 22.
On September 24, James turned on Lee during a tag team match, forming a tag team with Joe Doering. From November to December, Lee entered the 2018 World's Strongest Tag Determination League teaming with Sai but finished 9th place with 8 points scoring wins over Tajiri & Gianni Valletta, Violence Giants (Suwama & Shuji Ishikawa), Jun Akiyama & Daisuke Sekimoto, and Kai & Kengo Mashimo.
On January 2, 2019, Lee won the January 2nd Openweight Korakuen Hall Battle Royal. On February 24, Lee teamed with Sai to challenge Strong BJ (Daisuke Sekimoto and Yuji Okabayashi) for the World Tag Team Championship but lost. On March 21, Lee teamed with Iwamoto to compete in a four team tournament for the vacant All Asia Tag Team Championships which they ended up winning by defeating Big Japan Pro Wrestling's Masaya Takahashi and Takayuki Ueki in the semifinals and Daichi Hashimoto and Hideyoshi Kamitani in the finals.
In April, Lee entered the 2019 Champion Carnival and tied for first place in Block B with Naoya Nomura with 10 points. Due to this, Lee defeated Nomura in a finalist decision match to advance to the finals where he lost to Triple Crown Champion Kento Miyahara. On May 5, at BJW Endless Survivor, Lee and Iwamoto lost the Asia Tag Team Championships to Ryuichi Kawakami and Kazumi Kikuta, before regaining the titles on June 18. On September 23, Lee won his first major single accolade when he defeated Kento Miyahara to win the 2019 Ōdō Tournament. Lee would go on to lose his rematch with Miyahara on October 24 for the Triple Crown Championship. On October 10, Lee and Naoya Nomura announced their entry into the 2019 World Strongest Tag Determination League, to which Iwamoto questioned the reason for Sweepers existence. During the tournament, Lee would announce the dissolution of Sweeper and finished the tournament as runner-up to Suwama and Shuji Ishikawa.
Jin (2019–2021)
On December 21, Lee, Iwamoto and Nomura officially formed the stable Jin (stylised in all caps). On January 3, 2020, Lee once again unsuccessfully challenged Kento Miyahara for the Triple Crown Championship. In March, Lee entered BJW's Ikkitousen Strong Climb and won three of his four matches. On March 23, Lee and Iwamoto lost the Asia Tag Team Championships to Yankee Two Kenju (Isami Kodaka and Yuko Miyamoto. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, several events scheduled to showcase the Ikkitousen Strong Climb were cancelled and all remaining matches were adjudged as draws, allowing Lee to progress to the semi-finals. On April 26, Lee lost to Quiet Storm via count-out. He participated in the 2020's Champion Carnival and Real World Tag League with Iwamoto but was unsuccessful in both tournaments. On February 23, 2021, during a six-man tag team match against Enfants Terribles, the members of the stable turned on Shotaro Ashino. In the post match beatdown, Lee also attacked Ashino and turned on stablemate Iwamoto with the five men leaving together.
Total Eclipse (2021–present)
On March 6, Lee, alongside, Hokuto Omori, Koji Doi, Kuma Arashi, Yusuke Kodama and Tajiri, debuted as Total Eclipse. They defeated Ashino, Iwamoto, Dan Tamura, Hikaru Sato and Suwama in a ten-man tag team elimination match which didn't include Arashi.
Personal life
Lee became a vegan while training for MMA and obtained a teacher's licence in college. He also is an active personal fitness trainer, and has trained the Japanese musician Maki Ohguro.
Championships and accomplishments
All Japan Pro Wrestling
Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
All Asia Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Koji Iwamoto
World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Naoya Nomura
Champion Carnival (2021)
Nemuro Shokudō Cup 6-Man Tag Tournament (2017) – with Kento Miyahara and Yuma Aoyagi
Royal Road Tournament (2019)
New Year Openweight Battle Royal (2019)
All Asia Tag Team Championship Tournament (2019) – with Koji Iwamoto
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 34 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2022
Tokyo Sports
Outstanding Performance Award (2021)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Kitami, Hokkaido
Japanese male professional wrestlers
Japanese male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing wrestling
Zainichi Korean people
Exercise instructors
Vegan sportspeople
Japanese male weightlifters
All Asia Tag Team Champions
World Tag Team Champions (AJPW)
Triple Crown Heavyweight Champions
Maria Cecilia Tapia Hidalgo, known as Cecilia Tapia Hidalgo, is a Chilean biochemist and a member of the faculty at the University of Chile. In 2006 she received Chile's National Prize for Natural Sciences, becoming the first woman to win the award.
Biography
Hidalgo completed her undergraduate studies at the University of Chile, graduating with a degree in biochemistry in 1965. Four years later, she earned her doctorate in science at the same university. She later traveled to the United States for postdoctoral studies at the National Institutes of Health. Between 1992 and 1993 she was the recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship.
As a teacher, she taught at the Center for Scientific Studies (Centro de Estudios Científicos) between 1984 and 2002. She has taught at the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Chile since 1984. Between 1995 and 2001, she was a member of the Presidential Advisory Commission on scientific matters. Later, between 2001 and 2003, she served as Program Director of the Cell Biology and Molecular Biomedical Sciences Institute. She is the director of the FONDAP Center for Molecular Studies of the Cell and part of the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Chile. She is also vice president of the Advisory Council for the Foundation for Young Scientists.
In 2004 the University of Chile awarded her the Amanda Labaras Medal of Merit, intended to celebrate the personality and work of women from the university who have made outstanding contributions in the field of their profession, in the domain of culture or in the service of the country. In 2006, she received the National Prize for Natural Sciences, the first woman to win this award. One of her areas of study is the regulation of intracellular calcium.
See also
Timeline of women in science
References
External links
Cecilia Hidalgo Tapia's profile on the University of Chile website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Chilean scientists
Chilean chemists
Chilean women scientists
University of Chile alumni
University of Chile faculty
Members of the Chilean Academy of Sciences
Monstrosity! is the final LP Vinyl album release by the California State University, Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble before recording on digital/CD format in 1990. In addition to the big band the LP featured the CSULA Jazz Quintet which won the Pacific Coast Collegiate Jazz Festival Combo division for 1988. Los Angeles Times jazz critic Zan Stewart gave the recording four of five stars in his May 1989 review. The jazz band had numerous student musicians that have made a name for themselves as professionals to include Sharon Hirata, Luis Bonilla, Jack Cooper, Charlie Richard, Corey Gemme, Eric "Bobo" Correa, Vince Dublino, Alan Parr, Paul De Castro, Alex Henderson, Gary Smith and José Arellano.
Background
In 1984 and 1985, the California State University, Los Angeles Music Department, and CSULA Associated Students decided to fund LP recordings of the jazz ensemble to better serve as a teaching tool for student music, jazz groups. Monstrosity is the fourth of six albums to come from CSULA during the 1980s featuring the award winning CSULA #1 Jazz Ensemble. The LP contains tracks from the #1 CSULA Jazz Ensemble to include compositions of four students and from the director (professor David Caffey).
The qualities of the LP that set it apart from numerous university jazz records of that era is the fact it was entirely written, composed, and copied (music also professionally copied by student Sharon Hirata) by the students and faculty of CSULA at such a high level; also this being the fourth LP in a row CSULA had done this. There has been a consistent tradition of musicians coming from the CSULA program who have worked with major musical acts, on major studio and movie projects, and hold positions in higher education in music. The roster on this album is self-evident as to the diversity and level of student musicians CSULA developed at that time and has for many years dating far back to musicians (graduates) such as Lennie Niehaus and Gabe Baltazar.
Track listing
Recording sessions
Recorded: May 22, 28 and June 4, 1988 Sage and Sound Recording, Hollywood, California
Mixing: September 1 and October 1, 1988 Sage and Sound Recording, Hollywood, California
Personnel
Musicians
Conductor: David Caffey
Saxes and woodwinds: Sharon Hirata, David Quillen, Jack Cooper, Scott Ackerman, Randall Willis
Trumpets and flugelhorns: Barry Parr, Alan Parr, Corey Gemme, Albert Balderas, Chris Mauger
Trombones: Gary Smith, Luis Bonilla, José Arellano, Alex Henderson
Piano: Paul De Castro
Vibraphone and marimba: Cory Estrada
Bass: Ruben Ramos
Drums: Vince Dublino and Marc Guité
Percussion: Eric "Bobo" Correa
Production
Recording engineers: Jim Mooney and Jerry Wood
Mixing engineers: Jim Mooney and David Caffey
Mastering: David Travis, KM Recording Services
Cover photo: Stan Carstenson, CSULA Creative Media Services
Jacket design: Scott Ackerman, Sandra Fuentes, David McNutt, CSULA Creative Media Services
Reception
"(Monstrosity!) finds the first-rate Cal State Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble tearing through a handful of vital originals--Jose Arellano's title track and director David Caffey's "Samba de Linda" among them and a couple of Woody Shaw cookers. Solid solos from the likes of saxophonists Sharon Hirata and Randall Willis and trombonists Luis Bonilla and Gary Smith abound..."
—Zan Stewart, The Los Angeles Times
References
External links
Monstrosity! at Allmusic Guide
1988 albums
California State University, Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble albums
Amrabad (, also Romanized as ‘Amrābād; also known as ‘Amrūābād and Umrāo) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 110, in 27 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Hyderabad Trade Union Congress (AHTUC) was a trade union centre in the Hyderabad State. Affiliated to the India Trade Union Congress, it claimed a membership of around 72,000. The trade union centre, which was aligned with the Communist Party of India, was one of the organisations that took part in the Telangana Rebellion against the Nizam regime.
Foundation
The founding of the AHTUC was preceded by a Marathwada Labour Conference held in Aurangabad on 30 November 1945. The conference was organized by unions which were under the leadership of the Communist Party. The conference elected a provisional committee for the formation of a new trade union centre in the Hyderabad State. The founding meeting of the AHTUC was held in Secunderabad on 16–18 August 1946. The new union centre was inaugurated by the veteran trade union leader N.M. Joshi, who was the general secretary of the AITUC. The founding president Makhdoom Mohiuddin of the AHTUC, who had an arrest warrant against him and lived underground, was arrested immediately after the meeting. He was later released.
Upon its foundation, the new organization affiliated itself with the AITUC. The Singareni Collieries Workers Union, a union organising labourers in the Singareni coal fields, was affiliated itself to the AHTUC.
Leadership
The Urdu poet Makhdoom Mohiuddin was the founding president of the AHTUC, whilst Raj Bahadur Gour was the founding general secretary of the organisation. Sayed Makhdoom served as vice president of the AHTUC.
Crackdown
Soon after the formation of the new trade union centre one of its affiliates, the electricity workers union led by B.S. Madhav Singh, broke away from the AHTUC and instead joined the socialist trade union centre Hind Mazdoor Sabha.
In August 1946, the regime began a crackdown on the AHTUC. AHTUC responded by issuing a call to celebrate 17 October 1946 as 'Anti-Repression Day'. This appeal resulted in yet intensified repression on behalf of the Nizam regime. On 30 September 1946 police conducted raids on some 150 houses in Hyderabad, Secunderabad and other areas in Telangana belonging to unions, parties and individual leaders that were taking part in the preparations for the 17 October protests. Large amounts of correspondence of the trade union movement were seized in the raids. Police forces were also deployed in industrial areas to hinder workers from gathering to rally against the actions of the government.
Police raided the Singareni Collieries Workers Union office in Kothagudem on 12 February 1947. Workers rallied to protest the leaders of the union and help them escape. In total, 20 workers were arrested. They were sentenced to six months' imprisonment each. In the coming months the main leaders of the union were captured and jailed, and the union office was shut down.
Resistance struggle
As the Nizam declared Hyderabad as an independent state in September 1947, Makhdoom Mohiuddin was one of the signatories of a joint declaration of the Communist Party, Andhra Maha Sabha and the AHTUC calling for armed insurrection against the Nizam's rule for the integration of Hyderabad in the Indian Union (Mohiuddin signed on behalf of AHTUC). Armed struggle began in Telangana.
In December 1948 the municipal workers union affiliated to AHTUC, led by Amarnath Burman, went on strike.
People's Democratic Front
In 1950 the AHTUC was one of the founding organizations of the People's Democratic Front.
References
All India Trade Union Congress
1946 establishments in India
Telangana Rebellion
Trade unions established in 1946
Baron Samuel-François Lhéritier de Chézelles (; 6 August 1772 – 23 August 1829) was a French soldier who rose through the ranks during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars, eventually gaining promotion to the military rank of Général de Division.
While his initial career in the infantry branch and then general staff during the French Revolutionary Wars was unremarkable, Lhéritier made a name for himself as a cavalry commander during the Napoleonic Wars. A gallant officer, he led from the front and, as a result, collected a number of serious battle wounds. He was created a baron of the Empire and a Commander of the Legion of Honour and his name is inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.
Having begun his military career in 1792, he joined the cavalry branch on a permanent basis in 1803 and subsequently saw steady promotion and was given various commands of heavy cavalry units. A part of the Grande Armée in 1805, he took part in the War of the Third Coalition. In 1806, at the outbreak of the War of the Fourth Coalition, Lhéritier was promoted to colonel and given the command of the 10th Cuirassiers. In this capacity, he was noted for his brave charge at the Battle of Eylau in 1807. Two years later, during the War of the Fifth Coalition, he made an impression on his superiors, especially during the Battle of Aspern-Essling and Battle of Znaim. As a result, he was promoted to brigadier general and given the command of a cuirassier brigade, before taking part to the French invasion of Russia in 1812. The next year, he was promoted to general of division and was given various commands during the War of the Sixth Coalition. During the 1815 War of the Seventh Coalition, Baron Lhéritier commanded a mixed dragoon and cuirassier division, at the head of which he charged during the Battle of Waterloo. Lhéritier's active service effectively ended soon after Napoleon I's second abdication, but he did hold two significant military functions during the Second Restoration.
Revolutionary Wars
Born in Angles-sur-l'Anglin on 6 August 1772, Lhéritier joined the army on 26 September 1792, aged 20 and he would spend his first years of service fighting in the French Revolutionary Wars, with action taking place mainly on the Rhine. Upon joining the army, he was at first commissioned as a mere grenadier in the 3rd Indre-et-Loire battalion, before being promoted to Corporal, in command of the battalion's grenadiers (22 December 1792). The next year, on 18 August 1793, he was appointed secretary to the general staff of the Army of the Rhine and then provisional deputy of the general adjutants of the army, with the rank of sub-lieutenant of infantry (17 May 1794), his first junior officer rank. His rank as sub-lieutenant was at first provisional and was only rendered permanent two and a half years later, on 4 December 1796. On 2 January 1797, he was appointed aide-de-camp to General Jacques Nicolas Bellavène and saw rapid promotion, first to lieutenant on 3 April 1797 and then to captain on 5 October 1797. With his second promotion came a new general staff position, this time with General Jean Boudet's command.
On 14 June 1800, Captain Lhéritier fought at the decisive Battle of Marengo, where he collected a severe thigh wound. Six weeks after the battle, on 28 July 1800, he was transferred from the general staff to the cavalry branch of the army and was attached to the 6th Dragoons. Completely healed from his injury on 23 October of that year, he was detached from his regiment and, from November reassumed staff duties, as aide-de-camp to General Jean Ambroise Baston de Lariboisière. However, he soon moved back to cavalry, as, on 19 September 1801 he was promoted to Squadron Commander in the 9th Cavalry. Following the various reforms of the cavalry branch during this period of peace, Lhéritier was again commissioned aide-de-camp on 16 December 1801, a position that he held until 26 August 1803, when he was decommissioned. He resumed service a few months later, on 13 October 1803 and on 15 December of that year, he was given a position in the 11th Cuirassiers, a regiment that had been created in 1803 from what used to be the 11th Cavalry.
Early Napoleonic Wars
With the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars, Napoleon I formed the Grande Armée and organised most of his cavalry in a large cavalry reserve corps under Marshal of the Empire Joachim Murat. Lhéritier continued to serve in the 11th Cuirassiers and in 1805 this regiment was included in General Raymond-Gaspard de Bonardi de Saint-Sulpice's 2nd Brigade of Jean-Joseph Ange d'Hautpoul's 2nd Heavy Cavalry Division. The 11th Cuirassiers itself was under the command of Colonel Albert Louis Emmanuel de Fouler. The regiment was heavily engaged at the Battle of Austerlitz, where it lost 14 dead and 37 wounded out of its pre-battle complement of 327 men. The regiment and its officers fought brilliantly and shortly after the battle, Colonel Fouler was promoted to brigadier general.
The next year saw the outbreak of the War of the Fourth Coalition, which opposed France to Prussia and Russia. On 5 October 1806, Lhéritier was promoted to colonel and given the command of the 10th Cuirassiers, a prestigious heavy cavalry regiment, formerly called Royal Cravates during the Ancien Régime, and which traced its origins back to the reign of Louis XIII. The regiment was a part of Marie Adrien François Guiton's 2nd Brigade of General d'Hautpoul's 2nd Heavy Cavalry Division. The division saw no major action during the 1806 campaign, but was heavily engaged at the Battle of Eylau on 8 February 1807. There, Colonel Lhéritier led his cuirassiers during Marshal Murat's famous cavalry charge. Lhéritier was wounded at his right hand when his horse was killed under him, but was soon back in the saddle and took off again at the head of his regiment in another charge. His senior commander, General d'Hautpoul, was fatally wounded during his heroic charge at Eylau. The 10th Cuirassiers took little part in the fighting that followed that battle.
The next significant engagement came in 1809, during the War of the Fifth Coalition, against Austria. The 10th Cuirassiers were again a part of General Guiton's 2nd Brigade of the 2nd Heavy Cavalry Division, now under the command of General Saint-Sulpice, who had taken divisional command following the death of d'Hautpoul in 1807. The regiment, numbering 4 squadrons and a complement of 610 men, saw action at the Battle of Aspern-Essling, where Colonel Lhéritier bravely led from the front and received a bullet wound to the right shoulder and had a horse shot under him. Six weeks later, at the Battle of Wagram, the 10th Cuirassiers saw brief combat and had only one officer wounded. The next engagement for the regiment came on 11 July at the Battle of Znaim. There, Colonel Lhéritier was again noted for his bravery, as he led his men into action and in the process received a severe wound at the head. His actions during the campaign of 1809 were regarded very highly and on 21 July 1809, he was promoted to brigadier general.
General in the Grande Armée
Having been promoted to brigadier general on 21 July 1809, Lhéritier left his regiment the next day and was given command of the 2nd Brigade of the 3rd Heavy Cavalry Division. His command included the 7th and 8th Cuirassiers, but his brigade saw no action, as an armistice had been signed at Znaim on 12 July and the two parties were moving towards signing a peace treaty. The War of the Fifth Coalition ended on 14 October 1809 and General Lhéritier was discharged from his position on 1 May 1810. For almost a year, he was not given any assignment, but, on 26 March 1811, he was named inspector of the cavalry depots of the 1st, 15th, 21st and 22nd military divisions, then inspector of the remounts for the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th military divisions (7 May 1811). He was subsequently given a field command, as he was placed at the helm of the 2nd brigade of General Jean-Pierre Doumerc's 3rd Heavy Cavalry Division (7 May 1811). During the upcoming French Invasion of Russia, General Lhéritier's brigade was noted for fighting with distinction at the Second Battle of Polotsk on 18–20 October 1812, but by then the outcome of the campaign had already been sealed and the remains of the once mighty Grande Armée pulled out of Russia.
The next year, on 15 March 1813, Lhéritier was promoted to the rank of general of division and on 1 July was given the command of the 4th Heavy Cavalry Division of III Cavalry Corps. A few weeks later, on 8 August, he was given another command, that of several cavalry brigades from Édouard Jean Baptiste Milhaud's V bis Cavalry Corps, before having to take over the provisional command of the entire corps, during Milhaud's absence. During the summer campaign in Saxony, Lhéritier was noted above all for his actions at the Battle of Gieshübel on 22 August. Towards the end of the year, on 5 October, he was given the command of the 5th Heavy Cavalry division, which was entirely composed of dragoons. The 1814 campaign took place on French soil and Napoleon reorganised his army for the defense of the country's frontiers. As a result, on 5 January, General Lhéritier was given the command of the 6th Heavy Cavalry division, then, at the end of January, the 4th Dragoon Division. He led his men into combat with distinction at virtually all the major battles of the campaign, including Brienne, La Rothière and Saint-Dizier.
Bourbon Restoration and beyond
Following Napoleon's abdication, Lhéritier swore his allegiance to the Bourbon Restoration but from 1 June 1814 he was placed on half pay. Towards the end of the year, he was appointed Inspector General for cavalry in the 16th military division and took charge of this new function at the beginning of 1815. When Napoleon returned from exile and reclaimed power in France, Lhéritier rallied to his cause and was given a first field command on 23 April, namely the cavalry reserve of IV Army Corps. Then, on 3 June 1815, he was named commander of the 11th cavalry division, a mixed force composed of dragoons and cuirassiers. His direct subordinates were Brigadier General Cyrille Simon Picquet, in command of the 1st Brigade (2nd and 7th Dragoons) and none other than his former commander from 1806 to 1807 and 1809, Brigadier General Guiton, in command of the 2nd Brigade (8th and 11th Cuirassiers). The entire division was a part of François Etienne de Kellermann's III Cavalry Corps of the "Army of the North".
When the "Army of the North" attacked the forces of the Seventh Coalition in the United Kingdom of the Netherlands, Kellermann, with Lhéritier's division, was placed under the command of Marshal Michel Ney. On 16 June, Ney faced a massed Allied force at the Battle of Quatre Bras. Of Lhéritier's 11th cavalry division, only Guiton's cuirassier brigade was present and available for action. As Ney's situation became increasingly desperate, the Marshal ordered Kellermann to take his cuirassiers in a frontal charge against the enemy. The charge was very well handled and, despite the difficult terrain and the large numbers of the enemy, it did much to relieve the pressure on the French forces. At first, it broke Hugh Halkett's forces, then Frederick William, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel's German infantry, eventually reaching the crucial Quatre Bras crossroads. However, this breakthrough could not be exploited, as no other units had been sent in immediate support of the heavy cavalry. The cuirassiers endured some close-range musketry before finally turning and retreating at a trot, a manoeuvre during which Kellermann had his horse shot under him and barely escaped capture. Two days later, the entire III Corps was reunited under Kellermann's command and was available for action at the Battle of Waterloo. Lhéritier's division was committed towards 17:30, during the afternoon attacks, as Ney sent in his cavalry in mass against the Allied centre. A series of charges ensued, but such a cavalry attack, without proper infantry or artillery support was always set to fail on an uneven battlefield such as the one at Waterloo and against an infantry that had plenty of time to form protective squares. Despite the effortsof the French cavalry – Lhéritier's division alone lost six officers dead, three mortally wounded and forty wounded – the battle was lost. During this action, Lhéritier received a bullet wound to the right shoulder.
Napoleon abdicated a second time following his defeat at Waterloo and, as the Bourbons returned to power in France, Lhéritier was placed on the non-active list on 20 September 1815. Although he was not called upon again for field service, the Bourbons did offer him the position of inspector general for cavalry and subsequently for gendarmerie. He died on 23 August 1829 in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine, near Paris.
Recognition
Samuel-François Lhéritier was named Chevalier of the Legion of Honour on 15 June 1804, Officer of the same order on 14 May 1807 and commander of the order on 24 August 1814. He was also created a baron of the Empire in May 1808. The name LHERITIER is inscribed under the eastern pillar of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.
Sources
Bukhari, Emir – "Napoleon's Cuirassiers and Carabiniers", Men-at-arms Series Osprey, 1977, .
Castle, Ian – "Aspern and Wagram 1809", Campaign Series 33, Osprey Military, 1994, .
Hourtoulle, François-Guy – "D'Eylau à Friedland", Histoire & Collections, 2007, .
Hourtoulle, François-Guy – "Wagram, l'apogée de l'Empire", Histoire & Collections, 2002,
Fierro, Alfredo; Palluel-Guillard, André; Tulard, Jean – "Histoire et Dictionnaire du Consulat et de l'Empire", Éditions Robert Laffont, .
Lapray, Olivier – "Dictionnaire des officiers de Cuirassiers du Premier Empire", Histoire & Collections, 2008, .
Pigeard, Alain – "Dictionnaire des batailles de Napoléon", Tallandier, Bibliothèque Napoléonienne, 2004,
Smith, Digby – "Great Cavalry Charges of the Napoleonic Wars", Greenhill Books London, 2003, .
References
1772 births
1829 deaths
18th-century French people
19th-century French people
French soldiers
Cavalry commanders
Barons of the First French Empire
French commanders of the Napoleonic Wars
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
People from Vienne
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
Kennedy is a coastal locality in the Cassowary Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Kennedy had a population of 161 people.
Geography
Kennedy is on the coast with the Coral Sea forming its eastern boundary. The Bruce Highway passes through the locality from south to north. The North Coast railway line also passes through the locality from south to north, just to the west of the highway. The locality is served by the Kennedy railway station.
The eastern and coastal part of the locality is within the Girramay National Park. Areas in the west of the locality are part of the Cardwell State Forest. The remaining land is predominantly freeland used for farming. The eastern part of the locality and the farmland is mostly at sea level but rises to 500 metres above sea level in the north-west of the locality in the foothills of nearby Mount Carruchan.
History
The locality was named after the Kennedy railway station, which was originally the Mulgan railway station until it was renamed in 20 February 1926 after the explorer Edmund Kennedy.
Kennedy Creek Provisional School opened on 14 March 1927, becoming Kennedy Creek State School on 1 November 1944. It was renamed Kennedy State School on 19 February 1945.
In the 2006 census, Kennedy had a population of 312 people.
Education
Kennedy State School is a government primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at 161 Kennedy Creek Road (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 21 students with 4 teachers (3 full-time equivalent) and 7 non-teaching staff (4 full-time equivalent).
References
Cassowary Coast Region
Coastline of Queensland
Localities in Queensland
Tagesthemen is one of Germany's main daily television news magazines, presented by journalists Caren Miosga and Ingo Zamperoni. Second only to the 20:00 Tagesschau ("Review of the Day") Tagesthemen ("Issues of the Day") is ARD's most important newscast. It is different in style and content from Tagesschau and is broadcast Mondays to Thursdays at 22:15, Fridays at 23:15, Saturdays at varying times and Sundays at 22:45. On special news occasions, a Tagesthemen extra is also broadcast before the main show. Each Tagesthemen broadcast has a single host, a single newsreader for the news block, usually from the earlier Tagesschau, a weather presenter broadcasting from Frankfurt, and a presenter for the sports block on the weekends. Previously recorded Tagesthemen newscasts can also be seen internationally via YouTube on Tagesschau's YouTube Channel.
History
In January 1978, Tagesthemen replaced the late edition of Tagesschau, which had been broadcast until then. The broadcast lasts a half hour on weekdays; it is shorter on Fridays (15 minutes) Saturdays (20 minutes) and Sundays (15 minutes).
In contrast to Tagesschau, which provides only an overview of the news, Tagesthemen is designed to also provide the viewer with more information, context and background. The program usually features four to five segments on the stories and themes of the day.
Previously, the program used a variation of the Tagesschau theme, Hammond Fantasy, with the first and last notes in the same keys. From 1997 to 2014, Tagesthemen used the same music as Tagesschau. Currently Tagesthemen uses a different variation of the Hammond Fantasy, similar to the original Tagesthemen theme.
Tagesschau editorial staff provide a daily news summary to the program. A weather report was part of the news summary until 2002: since then it has been presented by a meteorologist, in cooperation with Meteomedia AG, a privately owned company. Since 2020, the weather report is presented from the ARD weather center at the studios of Hessischer Rundfunk in Frankfurt.
Tagesthemen's market share sank with the opening of media competition in Germany; nevertheless, it still lies today at about 12% — this amounts to about 2.5 million viewers per broadcast. Tagesthemen is one of the most influential opinion builders in Germany.
Presenters
Since 1 October 1985 Tagesthemen, like Tagesschau, has been presented by various hosts. Since the start, the hosts alternate weekly.
The hosts write their scripts themselves; the presentation generally has a much looser style than Tagesschau. Since the Tagesthemen hosts are not restricted to simply reading the daily dispatches, they can develop a lively, personal style compared to their colleagues at Tagesschau, although they are still required to be neutral and objective.
Current presenters
Former presenters
1985 onwards
1978-1985
Wolf von Lojewski, 1978-1979
Klaus Stephan, 1978
Alexander von Bentheim, 1978 - 1980
Barbara Dickmann, 1979 - 1983
Edmund Gruber, 1984 - ?
Gisela Mahlmann 1980-1981
Klaus Bednarz, 1982 - 1983
Gerhard Fuchs, 1982-1985
Klaus-Peter Siegloch, 1982-1985
Günther von Lojewski, 1978 - ???
Günther Müggenburg, 1978 - 1983
Ernst-Dieter Lueg, 1978 - 1985
Rüdiger Hoffmann, 1982 - 1985
Otto Deppe, 1982-1983
Elke Herrmann, 1984-1986
Hannelore Gadatsch, 1984-1985
Trivia
On 12 August 2014 Tagesthemen host Caren Miosga honored the deceased Hollywood actor Robin Williams by standing on the host's desk. With this gesture she alluded to Williams' movie Dead Poets Society, one of Williams' most well-known movies in whose final scene pupils stand atop of their desks to show respect toward their teacher played by the deceased actor.
The opening theme of Tagesthemen on 23 October 2020 was played live from the studio in rock style arranged by Berlin rock band Die Ärzte.
References
External links
Official site (in German)
Tagesthemen via Tagesschau'''s YouTube Channel.
Wikipedia.de: Alle bilden alle - Report by Tagesthemen on the German-language Wikipedia (in German)
Interview: "Kontrollinstanz sind die Nutzer selbst" - Interview by Tagesthemen'' (in German)
Interview with Ulrich Wickert: "Bunt und locker flockig reicht nicht" (in German, by sbznet.de)
ARD (broadcaster)
1978 German television series debuts
German television news shows
1980s German television series
1990s German television series
2000s German television series
2010s German television series
German-language television shows
Das Erste original programming
Nilda Callañaupa Alvarez is an indigenous Quechua weaver from Chinchero in the Cusco (Cuzco) region of Peru. Along with other Quechua weavers from Chinchero as well as international supporters, she helped to establish the Centro de Textiles Tradicionales del Cusco (Center for Traditional Textiles of Cusco) in 1996 as a non-profit organization. Since 1996 until the present day, Callañaupa has served as director of the Centro de Textiles Tradicionales del Cusco or CTTC. She has written two books on Peruvian Weaving, and has co-authored a third on weaving elders of the Peruvian Andes.
Biography
On her maternal side, Callañaupa's grandfather was Spanish and her grandmother was Quechua. After her grandfather passed away at an early age, her grandmother supported the family through making and selling textiles. Callañaupa's grandmother taught Callañaupa's mother, Guadelupe Alvarez, how to weave, who in turn taught her daughters. Callañaupa and other members of her family are often described as "master Quechua weavers"
Callañaupa grew up in the 1960s in Chinchero, Peru. Her parents earned their living through agriculture. When Callañaupa was four, her mother began to bring her daughter with her to their chakra (fields) By the time she was six, Callañaupa was trusted to watch a flock of sheep alone. While tending her flock, Callañaupa befriended an elderly shepherdess, Doña Sebestiana, who was a highly skilled spinner. Callañaupa attributes her interest in textiles to Doña Sebastiana, whose work was so fine that young Callañaupa dreamt of spinning at night.
From her mother Guadalupe, Callañaupa learned basic weaving designs. Her interest piqued, she also began studying textiles from other communities that her father brought home from his travels. When Edward and Christine Franquemont, a husband and wife pair of ethnobotanists from the US, arrived in Chinchero in the 1970s to conduct investigations, Callañaupa befriended them and taught them the basics of weaving. With the encouragement and support of the Franquemonts, as well as other international supporters, Callañaupa eventually obtained a grant to study historical textiles in Berkeley, California where she experimented with different looms.
Callañaupa holds a degree from the National University of San Antonio Abad in Cusco, 1986. She was one of the first women from her community to attend university, as during this time only men were expected to continue on to higher education. Nilda has taught internationally at museums and universities in the US and Canada, including Cornell University and the Smithsonian.
In 1996 Nilda was one of the key founders of the Centro de Textiles Tradicionales del Cusco (Center for Traditional Textiles of Cusco or CTTC), a non-profit based in the city of Cusco. Since the 1970s a group of women weavers from Chinchero met informally to recover old designs and sell textiles in the tourist market, and in this way earn an independent income from their male relatives. Nilda was a leader of this group which met in the courtyard of her family's home. This informal group of weavers was the basis of the Centro de Textiles Tradicionales del Cusco which since 1996 has partnered with ten weaving communities in the region of Cusco to recover textile traditions and empower weavers. Since 1996 Callañaupa Alvarez has served as director of CTTC.
Author
Callañaupa Alvarez has written two books and co-authored a third.
Weaving in the Peruvian Highlands: Dreaming Patterns, Weaving Memories
Published in 2007 (available in Spanish or English), this book provides a general survey of textile traditions from nine communities of the Cusco region. Sections of the book include: traditional clothing, the weaving process, designs, textile traditions, and preserving traditions, in which detailed information is provided on the parts of the loom, dyeing plants (natural dye), and the significance of designs.
Textile Traditions of Chinchero: A Living Heritage
Published in 2012, this bi-lingual book takes a closer look at the weaving traditions of Callañaupa Alvarez's hometown of Chinchero. While her first book provides a cursory glimpse into various weaving communities, Textile Traditions of Chinchero delves deeper and explores in depth the many complex traditions of a single community. Sections of the book include historical information on Chinchero, traditional textiles and clothing, stages of textile production, Chinchero designs, and the impact of the Centro de Textiles Tradicionales del Cusco (Center for Traditional Textiles of Cusco).
Faces of Tradition: Weaving Elders of the Andes
Co-authored with Christine Franquemont.
Published in 2013, this book features the photography of Joe Coca. Stylistically a cross between a photography book and biography, it tells the individual stories of weaving masters from various communities in the Cusco region. Divided into sections by community, each chapter begins with an introduction about the community and then explores the individual life histories of weaving elders through text and photo. Faces of Tradition was the Gold Award winner in the Multicultural division of the 2014 Benjamin Franklin Awards, which are recognized as one of the highest awards in the US for independent publishers.
Other
In 2016 Alvarez was invited to TedWomen along with her sister Adela Callañaupa Alvarez, also a weaver from Chinchero, to present about the Centro de Textiles Tradicionales del Cusco.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Cusco Region
Quechua people
Peruvian people of Quechua descent
Peruvian women writers
Peruvian weavers
Women textile artists
Peruvian textile artists
The 1991 Pan American Women's Handball Championship was the third edition of the Pan American Women's Handball Championship, held in Brazil from 30 September to 6 October 1990. It acted as the American qualifying tournament for the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Preliminary round
All times are local (UTC−3).
Group A
Group B
Placement round
Points from the first round were carried over.
Final round
Points from the first round were carried over.
Final ranking
External links
Results on todor66.com
1991 Women
American Women's Handball Championship
Pan
1990 in Brazilian sport
September 1990 sports events in South America
October 1990 sports events in South America
Jessica McCaskill (born September 8, 1984) is an American professional boxer. She is a world champion in two weight classes, having held the undisputed, IBO, and Ring female welterweight titles since 2020; the WBC female super lightweight title from 2018 to 2020; and the WBA female super lightweight title from 2019 to 2020. She also challenged for the WBA lightweight title in 2017. As of September 2020, she is ranked as the world's best active female welterweight by The Ring and BoxRec, and the third best active female, pound for pound, by BoxRec, and fourth by The Ring and ESPN.
Early life
Native to Belleville, Illinois (part of Greater St. Louis), McCaskill and was raised by her great aunt and her four sons. As a child her family fell on hard times and lived in the back of a local church. In 2008 McCaskill started her amateur boxing career. In 2012 McCaskill moved to Chicago and started working as an investment banker.
Amateur career
McCaskill started boxing in 2008, just for fitness, and had her first amateur bout in April 2009. After climbing the ranks, she won the 2010 Golden Gloves award. With a 17–1 amateur record, McCaskill won the Golden Glove Championship belts in 2014 and 2015.
Professional career
McCaskill made her professional debut on August 22, 2015 with a technical knockout (TKO) victory against Tyrea Nichole Duncan at the Horseshoe Casino in Hammond, Indiana. In November 2016, McCaskill was signed by Warriors Boxing.
After fighting local boxers, McCaskill challenged Irish Olympic gold-medal boxer Katie Taylor for the WBA female lightweight title. She was defeated by Taylor via unanimous decision (98–91, 97–92, 97–92), in a fight held at the York Hall in London on December 13, 2017.
On October 6, 2018, McCaskill defeated two-weight world champion Érica Farías for the WBC female super lightweight title at the Wintrust Arena in Chicago, Illinois, winning her first world title by unanimous decision, with the judges' scorecards reading 98–92, 97–93 and 96–94.
McCaskill retained her WBC title and won the WBA female super lightweight title against Anahí Ester Sánchez via unanimous decision (99–91, 98–92, 96–94) in a bout held at the MGM National Harbor in Oxon Hill, Maryland on May 25, 2019.
On October 12, 2019, McCaskill defended her unified titles in a rematch against Érica Farías at the Wintrust Arena in Chicago. She retained her titles with a Majority decision win, with two judges scoring the bout 97–91 and 96–92 in favour of McCaskill, and the third scoring it a draw at 94–94.
McCaskill is trained by Rick Ramos and managed by Warriors Boxing.
Professional boxing record
See also
References
External links
|}
Living people
1984 births
American women boxers
Boxers from St. Louis
Lightweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
Welterweight boxers
World lightweight boxing champions
World welterweight boxing champions
World Boxing Association champions
World Boxing Council champions
International Boxing Federation champions
World Boxing Organization champions
International Boxing Organization champions
The Ring (magazine) champions
21st-century American women
Ocean Swell (1941–1954) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1943 to 1945 he ran fifteen times and won six races. As a three-year-old 1944 he won the New Derby, a wartime substitute for The Derby run at Newmarket. He later developed into a specialist stayer, winning the Jockey Club Cup in the autumn of 1944 and the Gold Cup at the following summer. He was then retired to stud where he had limited success.
Background
Ocean Swell, like both of his parents, was bred by his owner, the Liberal politician and former First-class cricketer, Harry Primrose, 6th Earl of Rosebery, at his Mentmore Stud. He was a bay horse with a narrow white blaze and white socks on both his hind legs.
The colt was one of nine winners produced by the mare Jiffy, the best of the others being the 1946 Epsom Oaks runner-up Iona. Other descendants of Jiffy included the Kentucky Derby winners Tomy Lee and Genuine Risk. Ocean Swell was from the first crop of foals sired by Blue Peter, an outstanding racehorse who won the 2000 Guineas and the Derby in 1939 and went on to be champion sire on three occasions.
Ocean Swell was sent into training with Jack Jarvis at his Park Lodge Stables at Newmarket, Suffolk.
Racing career
1943: two-year-old season
Ocean Swell showed little ability in the earliest part of his career, finishing unplaced in his first three starts, before running second in the Isleham Plate at Newmarket in the autumn. On his final run of the year Ocean Swell won the six furlong Alington Plate at the same course beating a field of nineteen which included the future New St Leger winner Tehran.
1944: three-year-old season
Wartime led to many racecourses being closed either for safety reasons or because the land was needed for military use. Because of this all of Ocean Swell's races in 1944 took place at Newmarket. He began promisingly by winning the Column Produce Stakes over one mile and then finished third to the Fred Darling-trained Borealis in the Lavenham Handicap before running in the 2000 Guineas. He started at odds of 33/1 in a field of twenty-six and finished unplaced behind the filly Garden Path who beat Growing Confidence by a head, with Tehran third.
In the Derby, Jack Jarvis's stable jockey, Eph Smith, chose to ride Tehran and the ride on Ocean Swell went to William "Billy" Nevett, who was given leave from serving as a Private in the Royal Army Ordnance Corps to take the mount. Nevett had already won one wartime Derby on Owen Tudor, a horse who had also been rejected by his stable's main jockey. Ocean Swell started a 28/1 outsider while Garden Path and Growing Confidence disputed favouritism in a field of twenty. The early pace was slow, but the field quickened just after half way and Nevett sent his horse into the lead just over three furlongs from the finish. In a "furious" finish, Ocean Swell stayed on strongly in the closing stages, showing "pluck and stamina" to win a "great fight" by a neck from Tehran, with the fast-finishing Happy Landing a short head back in third.
Ocean Swell did not race again for three months before contesting the New St Leger, in which he finished third behind Tehran and Borealis. On his final start of the year he was moved up to two and a quarter mile and showed his aptitude for extended distances by winning the Jockey Club Cup. After the race Lord Rosebery praised his colt's speed and stamina and announced that he would stay in training with the Ascot Gold Cup as his main objective.
1945: four-year-old season
Like Ocean Swell, most of the top three-year-olds of 1944 stayed in training the following year, leading to speculation that the competition over middle and long distances would be particularly strong. Ocean Swell met Borealis on his first three starts as a four-year-old, all of which were at Newmarket. He won the April Stakes, but then finished second to the Darling-trained runner in the Wood Ditton Stakes. Ocean Swell next ran in a substitute Coronation Cup, in which he finished second to Borealis in a "great race", with the Oaks winner Hycilla in third. Tehran, who had been unbeaten since losing to Ocean Swell in the Derby was a late withdrawal: his trainer Frank Butters did not want to risk him on hard ground before the Ascot Gold Cup.
The end of the war in Europe meant than some races were allowed to return to their traditional venues and on 7 July the Gold Cup was run at Ascot for the first time since 1939 in front of an estimated 60,000 spectators. Ocean Swell was well suited by the two and a half mile course and won by a length and a half from Tehran. He was thus the first (and remains the only) Derby winner to win the Gold Cup at Ascot since Persimmon in 1897 (Owen Tudor had won a substitute "Gold Cup" at Newmarket over a reduced distance).
Assessment
In their book A Century of Champions, John Randall and Tony Morris classified Ocean Swell as an "average" Derby winner, with a rating of 131.
Stud career
Ocean Swell was a disappointment at stud. The only European runners of consequence he sired were the filly Sea Parrott (Yorkshire Oaks) and the successful handicapper Fastnet Rock. The best of his progeny was almost certainly the gelding St. Vincent, a minor winner in England who improved to become American Champion Male Turf Horse in 1955. Ocean Swell was put down after sustaining an injury in 1954.
Pedigree
References
1941 racehorse births
1954 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in the United Kingdom
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Epsom Derby winners
Thoroughbred family 1-n
The Zeehan School of Mines and Metallurgy was a Mining college in Main Street, Zeehan, West Coast Tasmania, Australia.
It commenced during the height of the silver boom in the Zeehan mineral field.
The committee to found the school was formed in January 1892, by 1896 there were instructors involved, and in February 1903 the building was complete.
Following the decline of the Zeehan mineral field it became part-time by 1921, and it closed in 1958.
The buildings and collections of the college were retained to make up part of what was first the 'West Coast Pioneers Museum' which started in 1965, and which is now known as the West Coast Heritage Centre
Notes
Zeehan
Schools of mines in Australia
Mining in Tasmania
1903 establishments in Australia
1958 disestablishments in Australia
Metallurgical industry of Australia
Bezenšek Spur (, ‘Bezenshekov Rid' \'be-zen-she-kov 'rid\) is the 5.5 km long and 800 m wide rocky ridge rising to 665 m in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is projecting from the southeast side of Povien Bluff eastwards between Marla Glacier and Diplock Glacier.
The feature is named after the Slovene-Bulgarian linguist Anton Bezenšek (1854-1915) who developed the stenographic system for the Bulgarian language.
Location
Bezenšek Spur is centred at .
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Bezenšek Spur. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External link
Bezenšek Spur. Adjusted Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Brighton Airport is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Brighton, in Livingston County, Michigan, United States.
The airport opened in July 1947 and is used primarily for privately owned light recreational aircraft; however, it is open to the public. It was built by Lloyd Bert Beurmann. Lloyd was an engineer for GM, but had a love for flying. It is now owned by the Brighton Airport Association, a not-for-profit organization, and managed by William Bertrand.
Facilities and aircraft
Brighton Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 973 feet (297 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 4/22 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,120 by 24 feet (951 x 7 m).
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2008, the airport had 17,600 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 48 per day. At that time there were 91 aircraft based at this airport: 98% single-engine, 1% multi-engine and 1% ultralight.
Notable projects
Brighton Airport is home to two major projects, one of which is a B-25 restoration project run by the Warbirds of Glory Museum.
References
External links
Brighton Airport, official website
Brighton Field (45G) airport diagram from Michigan DOT
Aerial image as of 28 April 1992 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Michigan
Buildings and structures in Livingston County, Michigan
Transportation in Livingston County, Michigan
Godeni is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bordeieni, Capu Piscului, Cotești, Godeni and Malu.
Notable people
Ileana Mălăncioiu
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Alison Cornyn is a Brooklyn-based interdisciplinary artist, activist and educator. She is a founding partner and the Creative Director of Picture Projects Studio Cornyn is also the Creative Director of the Guantanamo Public Memory Project and States of Incarceration. She was a TED Resident in 2017 and gave a TED Talk that was released in November 2017. In addition, Cornyn teaches at SVA, in the Design for Social Innovation MA program. She has also taught at Parsons The New School's Humanities Action Lab and New York University's interactive Telecommunications Program. Her work revolves around combining traditional media and modern technology to foster dialogue concerning social justice issues, especially around the criminal justice system. She and her partner, Gilles Peress, live in Brooklyn with their three children.
Over the course of her career, Cornyn has created many exhibitions, web platforms, and physical installations that focus on modern social justice issues. Cornyn has received multiple grants and awards for her work in social justice and media, including a Peabody Award.
Education
Cornyn received her bachelor's in Fine Arts and Art History at Connecticut College. She also received a Master of Fine Arts degree at Hunter College as well as a Master of Professional Studies at NYU's Tisch School of the Arts in the Interactive Telecommunications Program (ITP). She then went on to complete the Whitney Museum's Independent Study Program (ISP) in New York City.
Exhibitions and web platforms
Cornyn's projects have been showcased at exhibitions around the world as well as on the web. Her projects include Incorrigibles, the Sonic Memorial Project, and 360 Degrees- Perspectives on the U.S. Criminal Justice System,, which is a web documentary that examines incarceration from multiple perspectives. Another one of her works is The Sand Counting Lab, which was a large-scale project focused on counting over two million grains of sand in an effort to represent the number of people incarcerated in the United States. Incorrigibles is a long-term project about the history of young women's incarceration. Other art projects by Cornyn can be seen on the artist's website.
Awards and grants
Cornyn has received several awards for her work. Among these was the first Peabody Award to go to a web documentary, the 62nd Annual Peabody Award. She has also been awarded with the Gracie Allen Award for Women in Media and a Webby Award for net.art.
Cornyn's has also received several grants and fellowships over the course of her career. Among these was a National Endowment for the Humanities grant, a grant from the Creative Capital Foundation, a fellowship from the New York Foundation for the Arts and grants from the New York State Council on the Arts (NYSCA). She was a grant recipient in the inaugural round of New York City's groundbreaking "Made in NY" Women's Film, TV & Theatre Fund from the Mayor's Office of Film, Theatre & Broadcasting.
References
External links
Picture Projects Inc.
Guantanamo Public Memory Project
The Prison Public Memory Project
Incorrigibles
Cornyn's TED Talk
States of Incarceration
The Sonic Memorial Project
Alison Cornyn artist website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American artists
Connecticut College alumni
Hunter College alumni
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
American criminologists
Women criminologists
