Tilkanen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Lauri Tilkanen (born 1987), Finnish actor
Vilho Tilkanen (1885–1945), Finnish road racing cyclist
Finnish-language surnames
The National Statistics Institute of Guatemala (, INE) is the statistics agency of the Government of Guatemala. It has responsibility to collect, prepare, and publish official statistics. INE runs the population census and issues statistics on employment, price levels, poverty rates, and other standard national statistics.
INE will conduct a population census of Guatemala in July and August 2018, the twelfth such census.
INE publishes monthly consumer price index (CPI) statistics. Annual consumer price inflation was estimated at 4-5% in 2016.
INE publishes general agriculture, health, and environmental statistics.
References
Government of Guatemala
Demographics of Guatemala
Economy of Guatemala
Government agencies established in 1985
1985 establishments in Guatemala
When Ladies Meet is a 1933 pre-Code film directed by Harry Beaumont and starring Ann Harding, Myrna Loy, Robert Montgomery, Alice Brady, and Frank Morgan. The film is the first adaptation of the 1932 Rachel Crothers play of the same name. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by Cedric Gibbons.
The film was remade under the same name in 1941, starring Greer Garson, Joan Crawford, Robert Taylor and Herbert Marshall in the lead roles played by Harding, Loy, Montgomery and Morgan.
Plot
Mary (Myrna Loy), a writer working on a novel about a love triangle, is attracted to her publisher (Frank Morgan). Her suitor Jimmie (Robert Montgomery) is determined to break them up. He introduces Mary to the publisher's wife (Ann Harding) without telling Mary who she is.
Background
Ann Harding had come to Hollywood in 1929, where she signed a well-paid contract with the film company Pathé Exchange, Inc. Within a few months, she had already become one of the top stars of talkies, eventually even being nominated for an Oscar for Best Actress for her performance in Holiday in 1930. However, when Pathé was taken over by the newly founded company RKO Pictures at the end of 1930, her career began to decline rapidly. Constant arguments about suitable screenplays, wrong decisions and increasing internal competition from new stars like Katharine Hepburn and Irene Dunne led to an ongoing crisis. None of their films had made a profit since 1931. In late 1932, Harding signed a three-film contract with MGM hoping to find better scripts and more professional working conditions there.
The adaptation of When Ladies Meet was the first project to be tackled. The film is based on the play of the same name by Rachel Crothers, which had 173 performances on Broadway during the 1932-33 winter season, with Spring Byington playing the role of Bridget Drake, as in the film. MGM remade the story in 1941 as When Ladies Meet, this time starring Joan Crawford, Greer Garson, Robert Taylor and Herbert Marshall. The cast initially saw Kay Francis play Claire and Harding as Mary before Francis was replaced by Myrna Loy and Harding settled on the role of the long-suffering wife. Loy and Harding had worked together on The Animal Kingdom a year earlier. Myrna Loy later characterized her co-star as very well-mannered, but also reserved and reserved. There were never any personal discussions with Harding. This assessment was shared by many of Harding's colleagues.
Cast
Ann Harding as Claire Woodruff
Robert Montgomery as Jimmie Lee
Myrna Loy as Mary Howard
Alice Brady as Bridget Drake
Frank Morgan as Rogers Woodruff
Martin Burton as Walter
Luis Alberni as Pierre
David Newell as Freddie (Uncredited)
Sterling Holloway as Jerome The Caddy (Uncredited)
References
External links
1933 films
American black-and-white films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films directed by Harry Beaumont
Films directed by Robert Z. Leonard
1933 romantic comedy films
American films based on plays
American romantic comedy films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
SNMPTT is an SNMP trap handler written in Perl for use with the NET-SNMP/UCD-SNMP snmptrapd program. Received traps are translated into user friendly messages using variable substitution. Output can be to STDOUT, text log file, syslog, NT Event Log, MySQL (Linux/Windows), PostgreSQL, or an ODBC database. User defined programs can also be executed.
Distribution
SNMPTT can be downloaded from the SourceForge project page or the project web page.
Books
Information on SNMPTT is available in the following books:
Turnbull, James; (2006) Pro Nagios 2.0 - San Francisco: Apress
Schubert, Max et al.; (2008) Nagios 3 Enterprise Network Monitoring - Syngress
Barth, Wolfgang; (2008) "Nagios: System And Network Monitoring, 2nd edition'' - No Starch Press
Internet Protocol based network software
Free network management software
Multi-agent systems
Network analyzers
Nagios
Jozef Menich (born 15 September 1994) is a Slovak footballer who last played as a centre-back for Partizani Tirana.
Club career
MFK Ružomberok
Menich made his Fortuna Liga debut for Ružomberok against Spartak Myjava on 6 August 2016.
References
External links
MFK Ružomberok official club profile
Futbalnet profile
1994 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
Slovak expatriate footballers
Sportspeople from Banská Bystrica
Association football defenders
ŠK Kremnička players
MFK Lokomotíva Zvolen players
MFK Ružomberok players
ŠKF Sereď players
FC Spartak Trnava players
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce players
FK Partizani Tirana players
3. Liga (Slovakia) players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Slovak Super Liga players
Kategoria Superiore players
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Stephen O'Shaughnessy (born 13 October 1967) is a Welsh former professional footballer who was most recently manager of Airbus UK Broughton. As a player, he made more than 200 appearances in the Football League.
O'Shaughnessy or "Shaughssa" as he is affectionately known was born in Wrexham and started his career as an apprentice at Leeds United, before moving onto Bradford City, where he made one league appearance.
In 1988, O'Shaughnessy was signed by former Leeds United midfielder and manager Eddie Gray for Rochdale. In three seasons at Spotland, O'Shaughnessy enjoyed arguably the most successful spell in his career scoring 16 goals in 109 League appearances and reaching the 5th Round of the 1990 FA Cup . During this time, O'Shaughnessy earned the nickname the "Master Blaster" for his skill at taking long distance free-kicks.
In July 1991, O'Shaughnessy joined Exeter City for £10,000. After a disappointing three-game spell at St James Park under 1966 FIFA World Cup winner Alan Ball, which saw him sent off at Huddersfield Town, O'Shaughnessy joined Darlington in January 1992.
In 88 League appearances for the Quakers, Steve became team captain before being released at the end of the 1993–94 season, with his final Football League appearance coming on 7 May 1994 against Bury.
After this, Steve went to a roundabout of clubs, including Stalybridge Celtic and Buler Rangers in Hong Kong, before returning to play in the League of Wales.
In 153 League of Wales appearances, O'Shaughnessy played for Inter Cardiff, Barry Town, Holywell Town, Rhyl, Caernarfon Town, T.N.S. Llansantfraid, Bangor City, Oswestry Town and NEWI Cefn Druids.
In 1999, O'Shaughnessy was appointed player-manager of Oswestry Town.
On 27 September 2006, O'Shaughnessy was named as the new manager of Caernarfon Town.
In June 2008, O'Shaughnessy left Caernarfon Town and joined Connah's Quay Nomads as manager, but left the club after one season in charge.
After serving as assistant, he was appointed as manager of Airbus UK Broughton in November 2016.
On 24th September 2022, Steve O Shaughnessy, left Airbus UK Broughton.
References
1967 births
Living people
Welsh footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football central defenders
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Exeter City F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
Rhyl F.C. players
Bangor City F.C. players
Barry Town United F.C. players
The New Saints F.C. players
Hong Kong Rangers FC players
Cymru Premier players
Cymru Premier managers
English Football League players
Footballers from Wrexham
Hong Kong First Division League players
Caernarfon Town F.C. managers
Oswestry Town F.C. managers
Connah's Quay Nomads F.C. managers
Cefn Druids A.F.C. managers
Cefn Druids A.F.C. players
Oswestry Town F.C. players
Holywell Town F.C. players
Cardiff Metropolitan University F.C. players
Gresford Athletic F.C. players
Welsh football managers
Airbus UK Broughton F.C. managers
Rava is an Italian-origin surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Enrico Rava (born 1939), Italian musician
Luigi Rava (1860–1938), Italian politician
See also
Rava (disambiguation)
Italian-language surnames
Red Tornado may refer to:
Red Tornado, the name of different DC Comics characters
The Red Tornado (album), an album by Red Rodney
The Women's Slalom LW6/8 was one of the events held in Alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics in Innsbruck.
In total five competitors from four nations competed.
Results
Final
References
Slalom
Carson Fagan (born 1 May 1982) is a Caymanian international football player who plays as a midfielder for East End United in the Cayman Islands League.
Fagan made his international debut for the Cayman Islands against Cuba in the 4–0 World Cup 2002 qualifier on 5 March 2000.
He had a trial with English club Bolton Wanderers in March 2000 along with fellow Cayman Island players Frederick Wilks and Kevin James but after a reserve team appearance against Everton was not given a contract.
International career
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Cayman Islands international footballers
Caymanian footballers
George Town SC players
Association football midfielders
The Delegated Powers and Regulatory Reform Committee is a committee of UK parliamentarians. Members are drawn from the House of Lords. The committee has several primary functions.
Orders
The Delegated Powers and Regulatory Reform Committee is appointed by the House of Lords in each session with orders of reference "to report whether the provisions of any bill inappropriately delegate legislative power, or whether they subject the exercise of legislative power to an inappropriate level of parliamentary scrutiny; to report on documents and draft orders laid before Parliament under the Regulatory Reform Act 2001; and to perform, in respect of such documents and orders and subordinate provisions orders laid under that Act, the functions performed in respect of other instruments by the Joint Committee on Statutory Instruments."
Rationale
Parliament often and increasingly confers powers on the executive to make delegated (or secondary) legislation. The purpose of such legislation is often practical - to enable ministers to make provision at a level of detail inappropriate for inclusion in the Act, or designed to meet changing circumstances. But the powers delegated can also be more substantial - enabling ministers to fill in large gaps left by so-called 'skeleton bills', or to amend and even repeal primary legislation ('Henry VIII powers'). Such enabling clauses in bills remove legislation from detailed parliamentary scrutiny.
As a result, this Select Committee was set up.
Working practices
The committee receives all bills introduced in either House when they reach the Lords. There is no equivalent committee in the House of Commons. Bills are accompanied by a special memorandum explaining each of the proposed delegations. The memorandum, published with the committee's report, identifies each of the delegations; describes their purpose; explains why the matter has been left to delegated legislation; and explains the degree of parliamentary control provided for each, and why it is thought appropriate. The committee also has the benefit of an opinion of its legal adviser. The committee then examines whether the bill or its parts are appropriate in terms of delegations. In some cases, parts of bills are declared inappropriate. More frequently, recommendations are made to increase the level of parliamentary scrutiny over a particular delegation.
Since the passage of the Regulatory Reform Act 2001, the remit of the committee, and its name, have been extended. It is now the select committee on delegated powers and regulatory reform. In the case of Regulatory Reform Orders they do not examine the policy proposed, but whether the statutory tests of the 2001 Act have been met, particularly whether the orders actually reduce regulatory burdens. They also consider whether the proposal is appropriate to be delivered by secondary legislation and at times conclude that this is not the case. Parliament's work in this area is set to expand greatly, with the passage of the Legislative and Regulatory Reform Act 2006.
Members
As of May 2022, the membership of the committee is as follows:
See also
List of Committees of the United Kingdom Parliament
References
External links
House of Lords Select Committee on Delegated Powers and Regulatory Reform
Delegated Powers and Regulatory Reform Reports
Committees of the House of Lords
The Daihatsu Sirion is a subcompact/supermini hatchback produced by the Japanese automobile manufacturer Daihatsu since 1998. The Sirion nameplate was first used on export versions of the Japanese market Storia (between 1998 and 2004) and Boon (between 2004 and 2015). Since 2007, the nameplate has also been used in Indonesia for the Malaysian-built Perodua Myvi, which in its first two generations were redesigned versions of the first and second-generation Boon, while the third generation is a fully independent model developed in-house by Perodua with technical supports from Daihatsu.
International
Indonesia
References
External links
(Indonesia)
Sirion
Cars introduced in 1998
2000s cars
2010s cars
2020s cars
Subcompact cars
Hatchbacks
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Vehicles with CVT transmission
A Slight Demonstration is a 2007 book about the 1864 Civil War Battle of Decatur, a pivotal event in Confederate General John B. Hood's disastrous Tennessee Campaign late in the war, in which a Union force of only 2-5,000 soldiers prevented Hood's 23,000 strong armies from crossing the Tennessee River. It was written by Noel Carpenter, a former Decatur native and Air Force officer. The book is published by Legacy Books & Letters of Austin, Texas. It is the first book solely devoted to the Battle of Decatur.
Synopsis
In the book, Carpenter contends that the engagement at Decatur played a major role in the outcome of Hood's campaign. Hood had intended to cross the Tennessee River to go to Nashville, where he planned to cut off the supply lines of Union General William T. Sherman, who had just taken Atlanta. The delay caused by his inability to cross the river gave Union forces in Nashville time to prepare a defense, such that when Hood's forces finally arrived, they were decimated.
Carpenter provides the richest detail available to date about the engagement at Decatur, including the important contribution of the Fourteenth Colored Infantry, an African-American regiment whose brave action stalled Hood's forces long enough to effectively carry the day. Union General Thomas Granger considered it the highlight of the battle.
Carpenter's book was published posthumously by his daughter, Carol Powell. Carpenter died in 2000 at the age of 82, having devoted the last 12 years of his life to his book about the battle that took place in the town of his birth.
Critical reception
University of Arkansas professor Daniel E. Sutherland, Co-Editor of The Civil War in the West, a series from the University of Arkansas Press, has said, "I found Carpenter's account and analysis of events at Decatur thoroughly readable and quite convincing," and "I came away from his narrative believing that historians may, indeed, not have given events at Decatur their due."
References
External links
Civil War collectible books website
1864 in the United States
Decatur, Alabama
Alabama in the American Civil War
2007 books
Sir Giuseppe Borg Olivier, (2 November 1755 – 21 February 1831) was a member of the Supreme Council of Justice of Malta from 1815 to 1818 when he retired.
See also
List of Chief Justices of Malta
References
1755 births
1831 deaths
19th-century Maltese judges
People from Valletta
is a vertically scrolling shooter game developed by Toaplan and released for arcades in 1985. It was published in Japan by Taito and in North America by Romstar. Controlling the titular attack helicopter, the player must fight endless waves of military vehicles while avoiding collision with their projectiles and other obstacles. The Tiger-Heli has a powerful bomb at its disposal that can clear the screen of enemies when fired. It was the first shoot 'em up game from Toaplan, and their third video game overall.
Tiger-Heli was the creation of video game composers Masahiro Yuge and Tatsuya Uemura, who had previously worked on several titles for Japanese companies Orca and Crux before both of them declared bankruptcy. The development team drew inspiration from the arcade game Gyrodine. The team wanted to create a scrolling shooter that balanced between being entertaining and fun, and to have players keep wanting to play it after dying. The staff chose a helicopter as the player's craft as they felt it would work for a game that had the screen continuously scrolling. The soundtrack, composed by Uemura, was made to convey a sense of bravery, which was hampered by technical limitations.
Tiger-Heli was well received by critics for its gameplay, graphics and weapons, and helped establish Toaplan as a leading producer of shooting games throughout the 1980s and 1990s. It was ported to the Nintendo Entertainment System by Micronics, a conversion that was commended for its accurate portrayal of the arcade original. The NES version sold over one million copies. A PlayStation version was released in 1996 by Banpresto as part of the compilation Toaplan Shooting Battle 1. It was followed by two sequels: Twin Cobra (1987), and Twin Cobra II (1995). The rights to Tiger-Heli are owned by Tatsujin, a Japanese developer formed by Yuge.
Gameplay
Tiger-Heli is a military-themed vertically scrolling shoot 'em up game, in which players take control of the titular attack helicopter through four increasingly difficult levels in order to defeat an assortment of military enemy forces like tanks, battleships, and artillery as the main objective. Besides some airplanes taking off, there are no flying enemies in the entire game. As far as vertical scrolling shooters go, the title initially appears to be very standard, as players control their craft over a constantly scrolling background and the scenery never stops moving until a helipad is reached. Players have only two weapons at their disposal: the standard shot that travels a max distance of half the screen's height and two bombs.
A unique gameplay feature is the bomb mechanic; unlike other games in the genre released at the time, the bombs are powerful weapons capable of obliterating any enemy caught within its blast radius. The bombs also act as a shield against incoming enemy fire, however, as they can be triggered after taking enemy hits as well. There are also three types of items scattered through every stage in total that appear as destructible flashing crosses: extra bomb stocks and two variations of helicopter "options" that attack at the player's will against incoming enemies, while it is also possible to mix and match the two helicopter option types, totaling no more than two. These items can be picked up by shooting their respective cross color but grabbing any item when not necessary yields bonus points.
The player is given three lives initially and bonus lives are awarded by reaching certain score thresholds or collecting ten gold diamonds in a row by shooting them. Firing on determined locations is also crucial for reaching high-scores to obtain extra lives, as certain setpieces in some stages hosts a bonus secret within their scenery. There are also hidden bonus secrets to be found as well. The game employs a checkpoint system in which a downed single player will start off at the beginning of the checkpoint they managed to reach before dying. Getting hit by enemy fire will result in losing a live, as well as the helicopter options and once all lives are lost, the game is over unless the player inserts more credits into the arcade machine to continue playing. After completing the last stage, the game begins again with the second loop increasing in difficulty and enemies fire denser bullet patterns.
Development
Tiger-Heli was created under the working title Cobra by most of the same team that previously worked on several projects at Orca and Crux before both companies declared bankruptcy, after which a group of employees from the two gaming divisions would go on to form Toaplan and among them were composers Masahiro Yuge and Tatsuya Uemura, both of which recounted the project's development process and history between 1989 and 2012 through various Japanese publications. The team wanted to create a game that balanced frustrating and entertaining sections, as well as inciting audiences to keep playing after losing a live and progress further, though the idea of playing as a helicopter was influenced by Gyrodine because the team felt it could work as a shoot 'em up title where the screen kept scrolling.
When creating the artwork for Tiger-Heli, which has been described as "polygonal" in recent interviews, Toaplan was realizing research for a possible flight simulator they could develop themselves and one of the project's designers implemented a sample image from the simulator into the game. The concept of using a bomb in a shoot 'em up game came up during development, where the team questioned how to make the title more engaging for players but it was never intended for defensive purposes according to them, as the mechanic was instead implemented to provide an aggressive feeling against enemies during difficult situations in the title. Several other features were integrated into the project as a way to keep audiences playing such as the continuous stage scrolling during the high score screen, which was akin to a drama. According to Uemura, development was financed with the team's own funds, as Taito solely focused on distribution and Toaplan's name could not be displayed in the game due to contractual arrangements.
The soundtrack was composed by Uemura, who also created the sound effects. When writing the music during development, Uemura intended the songs to convey a sense of bravery but he was limited due to technical and memory restrictions at the time of release.
Release
Tiger-Heli was released in arcades across Japan and North America in October 1985 by Taito and Romstar. On 21 November 1988, an album containing music from the title and its sequel was co-published exclusively in Japan by Scitron and Pony Canyon.
On 5 December 1986, a Nintendo Entertainment System port of Tiger-Heli developed by Micronics was first released in Japan by Pony Canyon. It was then released in North America in September 1987 by Acclaim Entertainment, who also distributed the title across Europe in January 1990. This version was also released in South Korea by Hyundai Electronics in 1987. Both the original arcade version and the later NES port are similar but have a number of key differences between each other such as the latter having a smaller color palette and lower screen resolution that led to sprites being recolored and the graphics redrawn in different ways, an arranged soundtrack by Masahiro Yuge, among other changes.
On 30 August 1996, Banpresto released a compilation for the PlayStation exclusively in Japan titled Toaplan Shooting Battle 1, which included both arcade versions of Tiger-Heli and its sequel, an arranged soundtrack by Uemura and other additions. In 2021, both the arcade and Nintendo Entertainment System versions were included in the Kyukyoku Tiger-Heli compilation for Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 as part of M2's Toaplan Arcade Garage label. Tiger-Heli is planned to be included as part of the Toaplan Arcade 1 compilation for Evercade.
Reception and legacy
According to Masahiro Yuge, Tiger-Heli proved to be popular in arcades during initial beta location testings. In Japan, Game Machine listed it on their October 1, 1985 issue as being the most popular table arcade game at the time, outperforming titles such as Ghosts 'n Goblins and Gradius.
Den of Geek noted it to be the title from Toaplan which established their gameplay style that would later be refined in the future with other titles, as well as its introduction of a bomb mechanism. Computer Gaming World called Tiger-Heli for the NES an excellent port, and concluded that it was "one of the most exciting arcade shoot-'em-ups to turn up". However, fan reception of the NES conversion in Japan was mixed; in a poll taken by Family Computer Magazine, it received a score of 15.55 out of 30. The NES version sold over one million copies, making it one of the best-selling games for the platform.
Tiger-Heli had two sequels, Twin Cobra and Twin Cobra II. In addition, the titular craft makes an appearance on the Let's! TV Play Classic plug and play game series by SSD Company Limited in Slap Fight Tiger as an alternative craft to the default Leopard space fighter. A game of a similar style titled Tiger Mission was developed in 1987 by Kele Line and published by Status Software across Europe only for the Commodore 64. In more recent years, the rights to the game and many other IPs from Toaplan are now owned by Tatsujin, a company named after Truxton's Japanese title that was founded in 2017 by Yuge, who are now affiliated with arcade manufacturer exA-Arcadia.
Notes
References
External links
Tiger-Heli at Killer List of Videogames
1985 video games
Acclaim Entertainment games
Anti-war video games
Arcade video games
Banpresto games
Helicopter video games
Micronics games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Nintendo Entertainment System games
PlayStation (console) games
Romstar games
Shoot 'em ups
Taito games
Taito arcade games
Toaplan games
Vertically scrolling shooters
Video games developed in Japan
Video game franchises
Video game franchises introduced in 1985
Video games scored by Masahiro Yuge
Video games scored by Tatsuya Uemura
Christian Schmidt (born 14 February 1980 in Frankfurt (Oder)), known as Klopfer, is a German writer and editor.
Biography
Schmidt was born in 1980 to a teacher and a technician. Growing up in the German Democratic Republic, he was a Young Pioneer. He adopted the name Klopfer (English: Thumper) after the Bambi character, as both Christian and Schmidt are among the most common names in Germany. Since 2016, his pseudonym is officially recognised.
After completing his Abitur in 1999, Schmidt studied computer science at the University of Potsdam from 1999 until 2004. At the Humboldt University of Berlin, he studied Japanese studies from 2004 until 2005 and German studies from 2005 until 2010.
From 2000 until 2016, Schmidt maintained the Manga and Anime online database Animestreet. In 1999, he opened a personal website which he named Klopfers Web in 2002. Among other texts, he writes columns for Klopfers Web, and has released two volumes of collected columns in printed form. For his high degree of communication with his readers through his website, he has been described as an "Author 2.0".
Since 2002, Schmidt works for the manga publishers Egmont Manga & Anime and Tokyopop. He wrote articles for the magazines (2002–2004) and (2003–2006) and edits German translations of manga series, among them Detective Conan, Inuyasha and Mirai Nikki.
Selected work
Authored
Edited
References
External links
Klopfers Web
Animestreet (archived; offline for maintenance since 2016)
Living people
1980 births
People from Frankfurt (Oder)
German editors
21st-century German male writers
Acrolepia rejecta is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in China.
References
Moths described in 1922
Acrolepiidae
Esra Dermancıoğlu (born 7 December 1968) is a Turkish actress and comedian, known for her role as Mukaddes Ketenci in the drama series Fatmagül'ün Suçu Ne?. She also appears in Kırgın Çiçekler as Zehra.
Life and career
Dermancıoğlu studied at Pierre Loti High School and continued her education at Franklin College Switzerland. She received acting lessons from Şahika Tekand at Stüdyo Oyuncuları and singing lessons from Derya Alabora. She made her acting debut with the help of Gülse Birsel by appearing in an episode of Avrupa Yakası. In 2010, she had a role in the short movie Moral Bozukluğu ve 31. Dermancıoğlu then continued her career on television. Her breakthrough came with her role in the Fatmagül'ün Suçu Ne? TV series, in which she played the role of Mukaddes. She further came to the spotlight by appearing in a leading role in the comedy movie Kadın İşi: Banka Soygunu.
Dermancıoğlu divorced her husband as he was against her decision to pursue a career in acting. The couple had a daughter.
Filmography
Television
Sen Harikasın, 2008
Avruya Yakası, 2009, guest appearance
Fatmagül'ün Suçu Ne?, 2010–2011, Mukaddes
Küçük Hesaplar, 2012
Galip Derviş, 2013, Şükriye "Şuşu"
Doksanlar, 2013, Şükran Tuncay
Sil Baştan, 2014
Serçe Sarayı, 2015, Süla
Muhteşem Yüzyıl: Kösem, 2015, Cennet Hatun
Kırgın Çiçekler, 2016, Zehra Terinci
Şahin Tepesi, 2018
Bir Zamanlar Çukurova, 2019–2021, Behice Hekimoğlu
Kaderimin Oyunu, 2021–2022, Zahide Demirhan
Bir Küçük Gün Işığı, 2022–, Ümran
Film
Moral Bozukluğu ve 31, 2010, sexy neighbor
Kadın İşi: Banka Soygunu, 2014, Dürdane
Hayalet Dayı, 2015, Samet
Merdiven Baba, 2015, Süheyla
Ayla, 2017, Sebahat Dilbirliği
Awards
21st Sadri Alışık Theatre and Cinema Awards - Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Role (Hayalet Dayı)
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Turkish television actresses
Turkish film actresses
Ticinepomis is an extinct genus of coelacanth lobe-finned fish which lived during the Middle Triassic period in what is now Switzerland. It contains a single species, T. peyeri. T. peyeri specimens are most common in the Besano Formation (or Grenzbitumenzone) of Monte San Giorgio in Ticino. Other coelacanths from Monte San Giorgio include a larger species (tentatively referred to Holophagus picenus) from the Besano Formation, and a species of Heptanema from the Meride Limestone. Larger Ticinepomis specimens have been found in the Prosanto Formation of Graubünden.
Ticinepomis was originally described as being a member of the family Coelacanthidae, being similar to Coelacanthus, Holophagus and Undina. Later, T. peyeri was placed in Latimeriidae. The bizarre Prosanto Formation latimeriid Foreyia is thought to be T. peyeris the closest relative, as they share many features despite their drastically contrasting appearances.
References
Latimeriidae
Prehistoric lobe-finned fish genera
Triassic bony fish
Triassic fish of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 1980
Patrick Anthony McKenna is the Chief Executive of UK media investment and advisory group Ingenious Media, which he founded in 1998.
Personal life
McKenna was born on 11 June 1956, the son of Mary (née O'Regan), a nurse, and Cianan J. McKenna, a builder. He was brought up in Brentwood and attended St.John Payne Catholic Comprehensive School, Chelmsford. In 1980 he married Margaret Elizabeth Ann White in Brentwood, they have four children - Mark, James, Katherine and Ciara. In 2010 he separated from his wife.
Career
After leaving school, he trained as a chartered accountant and got a job with accountants Touche Ross (Deloitte), reaching senior partner status at the age of 28 and heading their Media and Entertainment Group from 1986 to 1990. In 1990 he moved to Lloyd Webber's Really Useful Group, taking up the posts of Chairman and Chief Executive from 1990 to 1997. He subsequently went on to found Ingenious Media in 1998.
McKenna is Chairman of the television company Hat Trick Productions, the music publisher Stage Three Music and sits on the Advisory Board of the advertising agency BBH (Bartle Bogle Hegarty). He is also Chairman of the Young Vic Theatre, a Trustee of NESTA and a Board Member of the British Council. In addition, he is a member of the Film Business Academy Board at the Cass Business School and is an Ambassador for C&binet, the Government's creative and business international network.
He was previously a Board Member of the British Tourist Authority (1995–2002) and Chairman of its Audit Committee, was a member of the Government's Advisory Forum on Tourism and sat on the Board of the Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts.
He is also a Fellow of the Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufactures & Commerce (RSA) and holds honorary doctorates from the University of Westminster and De Montfort University.
References
1956 births
Living people
English chief executives
People associated with Bayes Business School
Moses Bigelow (January 12, 1800 – January 10, 1874) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Newark from 1857 to 1864.
References
1800 births
1874 deaths
Mayors of Newark, New Jersey
New Jersey Democrats
The 2020 Ontario Tankard, the provincial men's curling championship for Southern Ontario, was held from January 28 to February 2 at the Ed Lumley Arena in Cornwall, Ontario. The winning John Epping rink will represent Ontario at the 2020 Tim Hortons Brier in Kingston, Ontario. The event was held in conjunction with the 2020 Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the women's provincial championship.
John Epping won his second Ontario Tankard by defeating Glenn Howard 8–3 in the final.
Qualification process
Nine teams will qualify from two cash spiels (two each), an open qualifier (two teams), plus the top two southern Ontario teams in the CTRS standings (as of December 1, 2019). Originally the event was to have just eight teams, but CurlON decided on December 9, 2019 to expand the field to nine teams with the addition of one team qualifying through their CTRS ranking. This is a reduction from the ten teams which played in the 2019 Tankard, making the number of entries equal to the provincial Scotties.
Teams
The team lineups are as follows:
Round Robin Standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Round Robin Results
All draws are listed in Eastern Time (UTC−05:00).
Draw 1
Monday, January 27, 8:00 pm
Draw 2
Tuesday, January 28, 12:15 pm
Draw 3
Tuesday, January 28, 8:00 pm
Draw 4
Wednesday, January 29, 8:30 am
Draw 5
Wednesday, January 29, 4:00 pm
Draw 6
Thursday, January 30, 12:15 pm
Draw 7
Thursday, January 30, 7:45 pm
Draw 8
Friday, January 31, 12:15 pm
Draw 9
Friday, January 31, 7:45 pm
Tiebreaker
Saturday, February 1, 8:00 am
Playoffs
Semifinal
Saturday, February 1, 4:30 pm
Final
Sunday, February 2, 1:00 pm
Qualification
Cash Spiel #1
December 20–22, Guelph Curling Club, Guelph
Cash Spiel #2
January 10-12, 2020, Quinte Curling Club, Belleville
Open qualifier
January 17–19, 2020, KW Granite Club, Waterloo
References
External link
Official site
Ontario
Sport in Cornwall, Ontario
Ontario Tankard
Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts
Ontario Tankard
Ontario Tankard
Robin Tolmach Lakoff (; born November 27, 1942) is a professor emerita of linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley. Her 1975 book Language and Woman's Place is often credited for making language and gender a major debate in linguistics and other disciplines.<ref name=Cuellar>Sergio Bolaños Cuellar, "Women's Language: A struggle to overcome inequality", Forma Y Función 19, 2006.</ref>
Biography
Lakoff was born in 1942 in Brooklyn, New York. She earned a B.A. at Radcliffe College, a M.A. from Indiana University, and a Ph.D. in linguistics from Harvard University (1967). She was married to linguist George Lakoff. She taught at University of California, Berkeley from 1972 until her retirement.
While an undergraduate at Radcliffe College (in Cambridge, MA), Lakoff audited Noam Chomsky's classes at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and became connected to the MIT Linguistics Department. During this time, as Chomsky and students were creating Transformational Generative Grammar, Lakoff and others explored ways in which outside context entered the structure of language.
Lakoff is a regular contributor to the Huffington Post.
Lakoff received national attention for an opinion piece in TIME titled "Hillary Clinton's Emailgate Is an Attack on Women".
Language and Woman's Place
Lakoff's influential work Language and Woman's Place introduces to the field of sociolinguistics many ideas about women's language that are now often commonplace. It has inspired many different strategies for studying language and gender, across national borders as well as across class and race lines.
Her work is noted for its attention to class, power, and social justice in addition to gender.
Lakoff proposes that women's speech can be distinguished from that of men in a number of ways (part of gender deficit model), including:
Hedges: Phrases like "sort of", "kind of", "it seems like"
Empty adjectives: "divine", "adorable", "gorgeous"
Super-polite forms: "Would you mind..." "...if it's not too much to ask" "Is it okay if...?"
Apologize more: "I'm sorry, but I think that..."
Speak less frequently
Avoid curse language or expletives
Tag questions: "You don't mind eating this, do you?".
Hyper-correct grammar and pronunciation: Use of prestige grammar and clear articulation
Indirect requests: "Wow, I'm so thirsty." – really asking for a drink
Speak in italics: Use tone to emphasise certain words, e.g., "so", "very", "quite"
Lakoff developed the "Politeness Principle," in which she devised three maxims that are usually followed in interaction. These are: Don't impose, give the receiver options, and make the receiver feel good. She stated that these are paramount in good interaction. By not adhering to these maxims, a speaker is said to be "flouting the maxims."
The Language War
Lakoff's The Language War (2000) performs a linguistic analysis of discourse on contemporary issues. She covers topics including the Hill–Thomas hearings, the O.J. Simpson trial, the Lewinsky scandal, and the political correctness phenomenon. Lakoff discusses each topic while arguing a general thesis that language itself constitutes a political battleground.Judith Rosenhouse, "Robin Tolmach- Lakoff. 2000. The Language War. Berkeley: University of California Press." California Linguistic Notes XXVI(1), Spring 2001.
In The Language War, Lakoff introduced the idea that frames create meanings. She quotes that language (either verbal or nonverbal) and experiences is a “body of knowledge that is evoked in order to provide an inferential base for the understanding of an utterance.” (Levinson, 1983)Frames are ideas that shape expectations and create focuses that are to be seen as truth and common sense. When someone decides to adopt a frame, that person will believe everything within the frame is genuine, and that what she or he learns within the frame becomes what she or he believes is common sense. For example, in the 19th century, people believed women should wear corsets and bind their waists. No one thought about women wearing clothes without a corset underneath because it was common sense that corsets are a must-have fashion item.
However, if someone decides to look at the same situation outside of the frame— which rarely happens because people are always convinced that common sense does not require justification— that person will have a completely different understanding of what is in the frame, and feel that common sense no longer makes sense. Continuing the corset example, in our present time it is common sense that corsets are unhealthy and will do more harm than good to a female body. This is why the majority of women these days don't wear corsets. And when we look back to the old frame from the 19th century, we think that fashion sense of that time is strange. This is the outcome of shifted frames.
Selected works
1972: "Language in Context." Language 48:4 (December 1972): 907–27.
1973: The logic of politeness; or, minding your P's and Q's. In: Papers from the Ninth Regional Meeting of the Chicago Linguistics Society, ed. C. Corum, T. Cedric Smith-Stark, A. Weiser, pp 292–305. Chicago: Department of Linguistics, University of Chicago
1975: Language and Woman's Place.
1977: What you can do with words: Politeness, pragmatics and performatives. In: Proceedings of the Texas Conference on Performatives, Presuppositions and Implicatures, ed. R. Rogers, R. Wall & J. Murphy, pp. 79–106. Arlington, Va.: Center for Applied Linguistics.
1985: When talk is not cheap. With Mandy Aftel. Warner
1990: Talking Power. Basic Books.
1993: Father knows best: the use and abuse of therapy in Freud's case of Dora. With J. Coyne. Teachers College Press.
2000: The Language War. University of California Press.
2006: "Identity à la carte: you are what you eat." In: Discourse and Identity'', ed. Anna DeFina, Deborah Schiffrin and Michael Bamberg. Cambridge University Press: Cambridge.
References
External links
Lakoff, "Language and Woman's Place" (1973)
Lakoff, "Language in Context" (1972)
Robin Lakoff analyzes Sarah Palin and the 2008 election, interview with Kiera Butler for Mother Jones, 3 October 2008
Faculty home page (UC Berkeley)
Gender and tags
1942 births
Living people
Linguists from the United States
Women linguists
Sociolinguists
University of California, Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Radcliffe College alumni
Indiana University alumni
Fernando "Nando" Orsi (born 12 September 1959 in Rome) is an Italian football manager and former player, who played as a goalkeeper.
Playing career
After starting out at Roma, Orsi, a former goalkeeper, made his professional debut in 1979 for Serie C2 club Siena. The following season he moved to Parma, where he remained for two seasons. He subsequently joined Lazio, where he made his Serie A debut with in 1982, a team for which he played from 1982 to 1985, and again, as backup keeper to Valerio Fiori and later Luca Marchegiani, from 1989 until his retirement in 1998. Between his two spells at Lazio, he also spent four seasons (1985 to 1989) in the lower divisions of Italian football with Arezzo.
Coaching career
Orsi became assistant coach of Roberto Mancini at Lazio in 2002. He followed Mancini at Inter Milan two years later. He left Inter in 2006 in order to pursue a career as head coach. Initially rumoured as possible Arezzo coach in 2006–07, he was surprisingly appointed to a Serie A job on 21 March 2007 by Livorno chairman Aldo Spinelli in order to replace Daniele Arrigoni. He made his debut with a 4–1 home win to Catania on 1 April, leading his side to a mid-table finish in the 2006–07 Serie A season. However, a disappointing start to the 2007–08 league campaign resulted in only two points after the first seven matchdays, convincing Spinelli to sack Orsi on 9 October, making him the first coach to be fired in the season. He was called back at the helm of the amaranto on 28 April 2008, after Spinelli decided to dismiss Giancarlo Camolese from the team's head coaching post, but did not manage to save his club from relegation to Serie B.
He then served as head coach of Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Ternana from October 2010 to February 2011.
References
U.S. Livorno 1915 managers
Serie A managers
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
S.S. Lazio players
A.S. Roma players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
S.S. Arezzo players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Serie A players
Association football goalkeepers
Italian football managers
Living people
1959 births
Footballers from Rome
Wałsnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Orońsko, north-east of Szydłowiec, and south of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Szydłowiec County
Hickory Springs Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church located along Hickory Springs Road, about southeast of Chatham, Louisiana.
The church and adjacent Hickory Springs Cemetery were established in 1841. The original church was a log building which served both as a church and as a school. The present church was constructed in 1900. Annual homecomings began in the early 1930s. Regular services ended because of declining local population. Annual homecomings continue being held on the 1st Sunday of October each year.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 5, 1989.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson Parish, Louisiana
References
Methodist churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1900
Churches in Jackson Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson Parish, Louisiana
1841 establishments in Louisiana
Dr James Kent was appointed special adviser on health to Theresa May in January 2017. He was formerly a management consultant at Boston Consulting Group and before that he trained in medicine in Nottingham and worked as a junior doctor in the NHS.
He was appointed Chief Executive of the Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire West integrated care board in July 2022, but left in September 2022 on secondment to NHS England where he will be an adviser to Chris Hopson, NHSE chief strategy officer. He was paid in the range £175-190,000.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British special advisers
Sızıntı () was a monthly Islamic magazine published between 1979 and July 2016 in Turkey. Its English-language version is known as The Fountain. The magazine was started by and is operated by members of the Gülen movement, made up of the followers of the Turkish preacher and Islamic opinion leader Fethullah Gülen, and claims to bring together Islam and science by stressing the alleged "parallels" between modern scientific discoveries and literal verses from the Quran.
Sızıntı was closed down by the Turkish authorities on 27 July 2016.
References
External links
Official website
Islamic magazines
Cultural magazines published in Turkey
Turkish-language magazines
Monthly magazines published in Turkey
Defunct magazines published in Turkey
Magazines established in 1979
1979 establishments in Turkey
Magazines disestablished in 2016
Mass media shut down in the 2016 Turkish purges
Gülen movement
Banned magazines
Laki Island (, "Man-eater Island"; , "Male Island") is an island located in the Thousand Islands administrative regency of Jakarta, Indonesia. The island gained international attention on January 9, 2021 when Sriwijaya Air Flight 182 crashed into the Java Sea near the island.
References
External links
A Thousand Islands official website
Coordinates on Wikidata
A Thousand Islands Regency
Islands of the Java Sea
Incumbents
Events
January
January 20 — to President of Latvia Raimonds Vējonis was performed heart surgery
August
August 5–21 - Latvia competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
December
December 3–11 — 2016 Men's World Floorball Championships take place in Latvia.
Deaths
January 4 — Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds, computer scientist and mathematician (b. 1942)
April 9 — Juris Ekmanis, President of Latvian Academy of Sciences (b. 1941)
April 22 — Ojārs Grīnbergs, singer (b. 1942)
August 22 — Jānis Reinis, actor (b. 1960)
November 29 — Ruta Šaca-Marjaša, lawyer, writer, poet, and politician (b. 1927)
2010s in Latvia
Years of the 21st century in Latvia
Latvia
Latvia
West Arm may refer to:
West Arm, Northern Territory, Australia
West Arm, Ontario, Canada
West Arm Provincial Park, British Columbia, Canada
John Dilloway (christened 4 November 1798; died 1869) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Petworth. He died in 1869 in Kirdford, Sussex.
Dilloway made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1825, against Hampshire. Batting in the tailend in the same team as his brother, Charles, he scored seven runs in the first innings of the match and two runs in the second innings.
References
External links
John Dilloway at Cricket Archive
1798 births
1869 deaths
English cricketers
Sussex cricketers
People from Petworth
English cricketers of 1787 to 1825
People from Kirdford
Dioedas () was the third known general of the Achaean League in Ancient Greece who served only for a year, 244 – 243 BC.
Ancient Greek generals
3rd-century BC Greek people
Achaean League
Angela Hayes may refer to:
Angela Hayes (mixed martial artist) on Tapout
Angela Hayes, character portrayed by Mena Suvari in the 1999 film American Beauty
See also
Angela Haynes (born 1984), American former tennis player
Per-Erik Ellström, (born in 1947) is a Swedish professor of education at Linköping University.
Per-Erik Ellström was born in Köping, Sweden. In 1975, he obtained a master's degree in psychology at Uppsala University, Sweden and in 1984 a doctoral degree in education at Linköping University. In 1998, he was appointed as a professor of education at Linköping University with special emphasis on education and learning in the work place.
His research focuses on organizational theory, processes of change and education in working life.
Since 2006, he has been the Director of Helix Vinn Centre of Excellence, which is a research collaboration between Linköping University, the Swedish Governmental Agency for Innovation Systems (Vinnova) and approximately 20 external partners, focusing on mobility in working life in relation to learning, health promotion and entrepreneurship.
Per-Erik Ellström has contributed to a number of expert assignments and sat as a member of various committees and advisory boards. He is a member of the editorial board for: Journal of Workplace Learning, the International Journal of Training Research and Human Resource Development Review.
External links
Publications, Per-Erik Ellström, Linköping University Electronic Press
References
Swedish educational theorists
Linköping University faculty
1947 births
Living people
Astro Warna is a 24-hour Malaysian television network in Malaysia. Launch On 1 June 2009, this channel airs local and international comedy programs. It is broadcast on the Astro satellite television platform as part of the Mustika Pack via Channel 132.
Before launching Astro Warna, all local comedy programs were shown on either Astro Ria or Astro Prima. After launching Astro Warna, almost all local comedy programs shown on their existing Malay channels moved to Astro Warna, although some programs such as Raja Lawak Astro continued to be shown on Astro Prima for its fourth and fifth season, before moving to Astro Warna in its sixth season.
Astro Warna HD is the simulcast HD version of Astro Warna. It was launched on 11 May 2017 for all Astro customers that subscribed to HD service with Mustika Pack on channel 124. Previously, their programs on HD were shown on Astro Mustika HD, leaving the latter to focus on their other two channels. Astro Mustika HD has rebranded to Astro Citra HD on 1 October 2018, but, they moved to channel 126 in this situation.
Programmes
Local programmes
Spontan
Gerabak
Ten Ten Ten
Ek Eleh
Impak Minima
Kampung Jaguh
Tetangga
Elak Elak
Maharaja Lawak
Raja Lawak S6
Raja Lawak S7
Redah Kasi Pecah
Redah Kasi Pecah Ekstravaganza
Betul Ke Bohong?
Super Spontan 2012
Super Spontan 2013
Karoot Komedia
Karoot Komedia X S1
Karoot Komedia X S2
Maharaja Lawak Mega 2011
Maharaja Lawak Mega 2012
Sembang Teh Tarik
Wartawan Kampung
Maharaja Lawak Mega 2013
Super Spontan 2014
Anugerah Lawak Warna
Sembang Teh Tarik S2
Keluarga Iskandar S2 (also aired on Astro Mustika HD)
Maharaja Lawak Mega 2014 (also aired on Astro Mustika HD and Astro Prima)
Ini Malam Kita Punya (Malaysian version of See U Tonight format)
Di Balik Tawa
The Masked Singer Malaysia (Malaysian version of Masked Singer)
Foreign programmes
The Simpsons
Malcolm in the Middle
Running Man
The Loud House
Yes, Dear
Dharma & Greg
Sabrina the Teenage Witch
Tetangga (Seasons 1 & 2)
Zero Downpayment
Erlin Montel
2 x 5 Dol (Seasons 1 & 2)
Fiesta Komedi
Kadir & Kadir
CMYK
See also
Astro Citra
References
Astro Malaysia Holdings television channels
Nicholas David Capon Tee (born third quarter of 1949 in Pontypridd), an alumnus of Balliol College, Oxford, is a retired British international rower.
Rowing career
Tee participated in the 1974 World Rowing Championships in Lucerne, competing in the lightweight coxless four events. The crew selected from the Leander Club finished in seventh place overall after winning the B final.
He competed in four Boat Races for Oxford, and was a member of the winning crew in the 1974 rowing in the bow position. In 1975 as part of the lightweight four with Graeme Hall, Christopher Drury and Daniel Topolski they won a silver medal for Great Britain at the 1975 World Rowing Championships in Nottingham.
References
Living people
1949 births
Oxford University Boat Club rowers
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
The Soueast V5 Lingzhi (菱致) is a compact sedan produced by Chinese manufacturer Soueast Motors since 2012 to replace the Soueast V3 Lingzhi.
Overview
The V5 Lingzhi was previewed by the V5 concept during the 2008 Beijing Auto Show, with the production version debuting during the 2012 Beijing Auto Show and listed in September 2012.
Technical specifications
The Soueast V5 is based on the same platform as the previous generation Mitsubishi Lancer that is still being made by the SouEast-Mitsubishi joint venture in China. Prices for the V5 Lingzhi ranges from around 70,000 to 90,000 yuan. The V5 was only available with an imported Mitsubishi-sourced '4B10′ 1.8 liter engine with 144hp mated to a CVT at launch, with SouEast offering its own 1.5 liter engine and 1.5 liter turbo engine in following updates. According to the official website, an electric version named the Soueast V5 EV was also available as of 2018.
Soueast V5 Lingzhi Plus
A facelift was conducted in 2015 dubbed the Lingzhi Plus, changing the front and rear end designs. The Soueast V5 plus was offered in 7 variants, with 2 engine options carried over from the pre-facelift model, a 1.5 liter engine and a 1.5 liter Turbo engine. Same as the engines, there are 2 gearboxes also carried over from the pre-facelift model, including both the manual transmission and the continuously variable transmission. Maximum engine power is 110.0kW, and maximum horsepower is 150 PS, with the maximum torque being 200.0N ·M. Vehicle length, width and height is 4578×1775×1480mm. The price range of the V5 Lingzhi Plus is 76,900-10,5900 yuan.
Soueast V6 Lingshi
The Soueast V6 Ling Shi is the compact hatchback version of the SouEast V5 Lingzhi compact sedan. It was previewed by the Soueast V6 concept on the 2012 Beijing Auto Show in April 2012. The early production version debuted on the 2012 Guangzhou Auto Show in December 2012 and the official launch was during the 2013 Shanghai Auto Show.
The V6 is based on the same platform of the SouEast V5 Lingzhi sedan which is also shared with the Mitsubishi Lancer that is made by the SouEast-Mitsubishi joint venture. Only engine available for the V6 is a 1.5 liter with 120hp and 143nm, mated to a 5-speed manual transmission or a CVT gearbox.
The Soueast V6 Lingshi hatchback was officially launched on the 2013 Shanghai Auto Show and introduced to the Chinese car market at the same time with prices starting from 74,800 yuan to 95,800 yuan.
Soueast V6 Lingshi Turbo
The SouEast V6 Lingshi Turbo is a sportier variant of the V6 hatchback equipped with a turbocharged 1.5 liter four-cylinder petrol engine with an output of 141hp and 210nm, mated to a 6-speed manual transmission or a CVT gearbox. The sportier Soueast V6 Lingshi Turbo was launched on the Chinese auto market in late 2013 with prices starting from 86,800 yuan to 114,800 yuan.
Soueast V Cross
A crossover version based on the Soueast V6 Lingshi hatchback dubbed the Soueast V6 Ling Shi Cross or later simply the Soueast V Cross debuted during the 2014 Beijing Auto Show. Engines are a 1.5 liter engine with 120hp and 143nm, or a 1.5 liter turbo engine with 141hp and 210nm. The 1.5 liter engine comes with a 5-speed manual transmission or a CVT gearbox, while the 1.5 liter turbo engine is mated with a 6-speed manual transmission or a CVT gearbox.
See also
Mitsubishi Lancer
References
External links
Soueast V5 website
Soueast V Cross website
Soueast EV website
V5
Cars introduced in 2012
Compact cars
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Hatchbacks
Sedans
Vehicles with CVT transmission
2010s cars
Cars of China
Crossing the Line 2: The New Face of Anti-Semitism on Campus is a 2015 film which documents how a growing number of anti-Israel demonstrations on U.S. campuses also include anti-Semitic messaging. The filmmakers interviewed pro-Israel college students, both Jewish and non-Jewish, who say that they feel increasingly intimidated to express their support for Israel on campus.
Synopsis
Crossing the Line 2: The New Face of Anti-Semitism on Campus is a documentary film that was released in New York on February 25, 2015 as a sequel to Jerusalem U's 2010 feature film Crossing the Line: The Intifada Comes to Campus. Like the original film, Crossing the Line 2 aims to uncover the anti-Israel and anti-Semitic activity on North American college campuses and educate the viewer to be able to identify when valid criticism of Israel “crosses the line” into anti-Semitic rhetoric.
Both films explore the growing phenomenon of anti-Israel and anti-Semitic activism on college campuses across North America, with Crossing the Line 2 covering more recent examples of this activism up to the year 2014. One such event, whose footage is shown in the film, is an anti-Israel demonstration at Cornell University where a demonstrator spits on a Jewish student and screams “f*ck you Zionist scum.”
The documentary also examines the experiences of Jewish college students who openly support the State of Israel and fight against campaigns on their campuses that oppose or critique the Israeli government, such as the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions campaign and Israel Apartheid Week. These students consistently describe the hostility they face on their campuses, such as fake eviction notices at New York University, and Israel Apartheid Week held on campuses across North America. The film highlights two students from Ohio University who were arrested in 2014 for publicly criticizing the student senate president for participating in the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge by pouring fake blood on herself and calling on Ohio University to divest from Israel.
Featured experts
Colonel Richard Kemp - Former Commander of British Forces in Afghanistan
Professor Robert Wistrich - Director, Vidal Sassoon International Center for the Study of Anti-Semitism
Roz Rothstein - Director, StandWithUs
Aviva Slomich - Campus Director, Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America (CAMERA)
Elliot Matthias - Director, Hasbara Fellowships
Professor Sharon Musher - Richard Stockton College
Featured student activists
Justin Hayet (Binghamton University) is a campus activist who has organized numerous pro-Israel events on his campus and written opinion pieces for the campus newspaper, The Jerusalem Post, and the CAMERAonCampus blog. Hayet received CAMERA's 2015 David Bar Ilan Award for Outstanding Camus Activism.
Sophia Wilkof (University of California) is an active member of Bruins for Israel at UCLA and is an assistant student organization liaison for cultural organizations on her campus.
Rebecca Sebo (Ohio University) was the President of Bobcats for Israel on campus and Grinspoon Morningstar Fellow for the Israel on Campus Coalition. Sebo was arrested in 2014 for disrupting a student senate meeting in protest of a video released the previous week by the Ohio University Student Senate President Megan Marzec in support of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement against Israel.
Chloé Valdary (University of New Orleans) created Allies of Israel on her campus in 2012. She was named one of the top 100 people positively affecting Jewish and Israeli life in the Algemeiner's inaugural celebration of this category. She has written articles for Huffington Post, Tablet Magazine, The Jerusalem Post, and Israel National News. Valdary is also a consultant for CAMERA, the assistant of directors for the Institute for Black Solidarity with Israel, and a Fellow at the Lawfare Project.
Sarah Abonyi (University of New Mexico) was the founder and president of Lobos for Israel on her campus. She served as the Israel on Campus Coalition's Grinspoon-Morningstar Fellow and spearheaded efforts to defeat the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement on her campus. Abonyi received the Woman of Valor award in 2014 from the Jewish Federation of New Mexico and the Conflict Resolution award from the Graduate Professional Student Association of the University of Mexico for her achievements in Israel activism.
Jackie Retig (New York University) – is a leader of TorchPac, NYU's pro-Israel student group. In 2014, she organized the Innovation Israel Convention for NYU's Stern School of Business. Retig is currently the Director of Academic Affairs at the Consulate General of Israel in NY.
Zara Mellits (University of Michigan) is an active member of ILead, the pro-Israel organization on her campus.
Gabe Sirkin (Ohio University) is the president of Bobcats for Israel on campus and Hillel's Peer Network Engagement Intern. Sirkin was arrested in 2014 for disrupting a student senate meeting in protest of a video released the previous week by the Ohio University Student Senate President Megan Marzec in support of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement against Israel.
Criticism
Sarah Turbow, Director of J Street wrote that the film was missing students who believe that even among BDS supporters and strong critics of Israel, not all are anti-Semitic.
Release
Crossing The Line 2: The New Face of Anti-Semitism on Campus was released in New York City on February 25, 2015.
Reception
Coverage of the film was reported in The Jerusalem Post, Jewish Voice, The San Diego Jewish World, The New York Jewish Week, and The Washington Times.
References
External links
Antisemitism in the United States
Documentary films about antisemitism
Anti-Zionism
2015 films
2015 documentary films
2010s English-language films
Legacy (1987) is a novel by American author James A. Michener. Set during the Iran–Contra affair of the 1980s, the story follows Major Norman Starr, who is called to testify in front of a congressional committee to account for his involvement in covert military actions. The novel is interspersed with historical "flashbacks" as Major Starr reflects on his ancestors and their own roles in American history.
Chapters
The Starrs
Jared Starr: 1726–1787 Jahayver
Simon Starr: 1759–1809
Justice Edmund Starr: 1780–1847
General Hugh Starr: 1833–1921
Emily Starr: 1858–1932
Richard Starr: 1890–1954
Rachel Denham Starr: 1928–
Norman Starr: 1951–
The Constitution of the United States
1987 American novels
American historical novels
Novels by James A. Michener
Random House books
Iran–Contra affair
Jahangir Harun SGP, ndc, afwc, psc is a retired major general in the Bangladesh Army. He was GOC of 33rd Infantry Division & Area Commander, Cumilla Area. Prior to join there, he served as Commandant of Bangladesh Institute of Peace Support Operation Training (BIPSOT).
Career
He was Commission with 20th BMA Long Course on 23 June 1989. Harun served as Commander of PGR when he was Brigadier General. During Corona Pandemic he played a pivotal role to control to raise awareness about coronavirus. Under his supervision, 33 Infantry Division celebrated Armed Forces day by awarded one thousand freedom fighters and their families. He also serves at Chairman of Governing body including Mainamati Golf and Country Club.
References
Bangladesh Army generals
Bangladeshi military personnel
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Nova Almeida is a neighbourhood (bairro in Portuguese) in the municipality of Serra, in the State of Espírito Santo, Brazil. The town is located about north of the state capital, Vitória. It has a population of around 266,800.
History
Nova Almeida was founded in 1556 by Jesuit priests who wanted to spread the Christian faith amongst native Amerindians. First founded under the name "Reis Magos" (now the name of the river at whose mouth it rests), it was then known as "Aldeia Nova" (taking that name from neighbouring Aldeia Nova, which today is Santa Cruz). It later changed to its current name, Nova Almeida. Around 1760, there were about 3000 Tupiniquim Amerindians living here, forming the bulk of Nova Almeida's population.
Geography
Nova Almeida's area is , and it lies on the coast at sea level. It is now considered part of the Greater Vitória metropolitan area, since it lies within Serra.
Economy
This town has undergone great transformation in the last 30 years or so; from a typical rural area, it has become an international hub for commerce and industry. Today, it has two large-scale ports as part of its infrastructure and a number of industrial enterprises.
Neighbourhoods in Brazil
Populated places established in 1556
1556 establishments in the Portuguese Empire
Central Bus Station, popularly known as Central Bus Stand or Arignar Anna Moffusil Bus Stand is one of the main bus terminus of Kumbakonam, a town in Thanjavur district of Tamil Nadu, India. The bus terminus is classified as "A" category Bus station.The other bus stand is Town bus stand.
The prominent Mahamaham tank is 3 km away from the Central Bus Station. There are two bus stands one for mofussil services and one for town services opposite to moffusil bus stand. In future Kumbakonam need a Integrated bus stand at Chennai bypass road considering the four laning of Thanjavur Kumbakonam Vikravandi NH 36. The present bus stand is well inside the town as it was proposed in the 1980s and started to function from 1989.
Services
Around 1,500 Bus trips are start, end or passes through the Bus terminus every day.
Routes
Connections
The terminus is about away from Kumbakonam Town Bus stand and about away from Kumbakonam railway station.
See also
Kumbakonam railway station
Transport in Thanjavur
Transport in Tamil Nadu
References
Bus stations in Tamil Nadu
"In the Morning" is a song by English indie rock band Razorlight, the opening track to their self-titled second studio album (2006). The song was released on 3 July 2006 as the lead single from that album, peaking at number three on the UK Singles Chart.
Critical reception
"In the Morning" received mixed reviews from music critics who found it reminiscent of Up All Night but were put off by Johnny Borrell's performance. Paul Stokes of NME praised the song's instrumentation and lyricism for its depiction of a hangover after a big party, saying that it "sets the tone for Razorlight to sound like the classic rock'n'roll band they always imagined in their heads: bigger, bolder, brighter." Noel Murray of The A.V. Club praised the song alongside "Before I Fall To Pieces" for being "large, admirably well-constructed guitar-pop." Doug Kamin of ARTISTdirect hailed the song as an instant rock anthem classic that "should be blasting from every dorm room this fall." John Murphy of MusicOMH praised the song for acting as a promising opener for the self-titled album because of Borrell's ability to deliver "a memorable chorus and a valedictory, celebratory atmosphere about it."
Michael Lomas of PopMatters felt that the song's instrumentation was ruined by Borrell's writing and vocal delivery, saying that he's "blissfully unaware of the irony in his words and how ridiculous he sounds singing them." Adam Moerder of Pitchfork put it alongside "Who Needs Love?" for having decent production but pretentious depth in its lyrics, saying that "Sadly, those lyrical disasters take place on the album's stronger songs." Mike Diver of Drowned in Sound criticized the band for over-hyping the song as a "classic" that has cod-reggae production and faux-philosophical lyrics, saying that "We are not about to allow Razorlight to shower their already overly praised frames in further commendations and recommendations, when the material they produce is not simply poor, as such, but depressingly, irredeemably average."
Track listings
UK 7-inch single
A. "In the Morning"
B. "Get It and Go" (live from Brixton)
UK CD single
"In the Morning"
"Black Jeans"
European maxi-CD single
"In the Morning"
"Doctor, Doctor"
"What's It All About?"
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2006 singles
2006 songs
Razorlight songs
Song recordings produced by Chris Thomas (record producer)
Songs written by Johnny Borrell
Vertigo Records singles
Isaiah Malachai Tayne Jones (born 21 September 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Chesham United
Career
Isaiah Jones started his youth academy career at club Southampton F.C in 2014, where he stayed until 2018.
Jones would make the summer move up to Gloucestershire where he signs a two-year deal at Forest Green Rovers F.C in 2018, during the 2019–20 EFL Trophy, Jones made two appearances for Forest Green, against Southampton U21 and Walsall. In October 2019, Cirencester Town signed Jones on a one-month loan deal. On 12 October 2019, Jones scored on his debut for Cirencester, in a 3–2 FA Trophy defeat against Basingstoke Town.
Career statistics
References
2001 births
Living people
Footballers from Wandsworth
Association football defenders
English footballers
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
Cirencester Town F.C. players
Chesham United F.C. players
Peoria is an unincorporated community in Liberty Township, Union County, Ohio, United States. It is located at , along Raymond Road, about 1.75 miles south of Raymond and 6.5 miles northwest of Marysville.
A post office was established in Peoria on September 26, 1872; it was closed on August 11, 1967. The mail service is now sent through the Columbus regional mail sorting facility, and distributed through the Marysville and Raymond local post offices.
Origins
The town was originally platted by Joseph K. Richey in 1870. His original plat included 28 "town lots" most of which were 66' by 165' in size (in the parlance of the day, 4 poles wide and 10 poles deep), 1/4 acre per lot. The town was established at the junction of the newly built Marysville-Newton Road (Raymond was then called Newton) and the Atlantic and Great Western Railroad. By the early 1880s, the Ohio Central Railroad (which became the Toledo and Ohio Central Railway) had built a northwest-southeast line that crossed the southwest-northeast A&GW line. The Peoria railroad station, situated at the grade crossing of the two rail lines, was the only depot in Liberty Township that could accommodate both freight and passengers. The station also featured a water tank and a coaling tower to service the steam engines of the time. Remnants of the foundations of these structures are still visible today.
Largely because of the railroad station and the post office established there in 1872, Peoria quickly became a commercial center, featuring stores, churches, warehouses, hotels, small businesses—including a barber shop and a mill—and a public school. The population of the village was estimated at 150 in 1910.
Peoria today
The commercial enterprises of the past in Peoria no longer exist. The school and the churches are also gone. With the closing of the post office in 1967, the community became primarily residential, with commerce flowing to nearby Raymond and Marysville. Population today is estimated to be roughly the same as in 1910—around 150.
References
Unincorporated communities in Union County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Robert Griesemer (born 1964) is a Swiss computer scientist. He is best known for his work on the Go programming language. Prior to Go, he worked on Google's V8 JavaScript engine, the Sawzall language, the Java HotSpot virtual machine, and the Strongtalk system.
Background
Robert Griesemer studied at the ETH Zurich, where he did his doctorate under the supervision of Hanspeter Mössenböck and Niklaus Wirth on the subject of a programming language for vector computers. He works at Google.
Papers
Robert Griesemer, Srdjan Mitrovic, A Compiler for the Java HotSpot Virtual Machine, The School of Niklaus Wirth (2000), pp. 133–152
Tushar Deepak Chandra, Robert Griesemer, Joshua Redstone, Paxos Made Live - An Engineering Perspective (2006 Invited Talk), Proceedings of the 26th Annual ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing, ACM press (2007)
Patents
Interpreting functions utilizing a hybrid of virtual and native machine instructions
Method and apparatus for dynamically optimizing byte-coded programs
Apparatus and method for uniformly performing comparison operations on long word operands
See also
Rob Pike
Ken Thompson
Brian Kernighan
References
External links
Video: Google I/O 2012 - Meet the Go Team
Video: GopherCon 2015: Robert Griesemer - The Evolution of Go
Programming language designers
Swiss computer scientists
1964 births
Living people
Anthony Hurt Wolley-Dod (17 November 1861 in Eton College, Buckinghamshire – 21 June 1948 in Mayfield Sussex) was a British soldier and botanist. The fourth son of the Rev. Charles Wolley-Dod, of Edge Hall, Cheshire, an assistant master at Eton, and his wife Frances Lucy Pelly, he trained at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, was commissioned to the Royal Artillery in 1881 and retired as a major in 1901. In the First World War he was remobilized and served as lieutenant colonel.
He collected plants in South Africa, Gibraltar, California and extensively in the United Kingdom. He donated his collection of several thousand South African specimens to the British Museum, to which he also bequeathed his herbarium.
He married firstly, in 1888, Agnes Gardyne Macintosh (died 29 Oct 1917), who bore him a daughter, Mabel Florence (born 1889); he married secondly, on 4 April 1922, Eileen Griffin.
Works
Notes and references
External links
1861 births
1948 deaths
Botanists active in Africa
English botanists
The March for Science (formerly known as the Scientists' March on Washington) is an international series of rallies and marches held on Earth Day. The inaugural march was held on April 22, 2017, in Washington, D.C., and more than 600 other cities across the world. According to organizers, the march is a non-partisan movement to celebrate science and the role it plays in everyday lives. The goals of the marches and rallies were to emphasize that science upholds the common good and to call for evidence-based policy in the public's best interest. The March for Science organizers, estimated global attendance at 1.07 million, with 100,000 participants estimated for the main March in Washington, D.C., 70,000 in Boston, 60,000 in Chicago, 50,000 in Los Angeles, 50,000 in San Francisco, 20,000 in Seattle, 14,000 in Phoenix, and 11,000 in Berlin.
A second March for Science was held April 14, 2018. 230 satellite events around the world participated in the 2nd annual event, including New York City, Abuja, Nigeria, and Baraut, India. A third March for Science took place on May 22, 2019, this time with 150 locations around the world participating.
The March for Science organizers and supporters say that support for science should be nonpartisan. The march is being organized by scientists skeptical of the agenda of the Trump administration, and critical of Trump administration policies widely viewed as hostile to science. The march's website states that an "American government that ignores science to pursue ideological agendas endangers the world."
Particular issues of science policy raised by the marchers include support for evidence-based policymaking, as well as support for government funding for scientific research, government transparency, and government acceptance of the scientific consensus on climate change and evolution. The march is part of growing political activity by American scientists in the wake of the November 2016 elections and the 2017 Women's March.
Robert N. Proctor, a historian of science at Stanford University, stated that the March for Science was "pretty unprecedented in terms of the scale and breadth of the scientific community that's involved" and was rooted in "a broader perception of a massive attack on sacred notions of truth that are sacred to the scientific community."
Background
Donald Trump
In 2012, Donald Trump referred to climate change as a hoax. As a presidential candidate, he promised to resume construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline and roll back U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations adopted by the Obama administration.
After Trump's election, his transition team sought out specific U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) employees who had worked on climate change during the Obama administration. Prior to Trump's inauguration, many climate scientists began downloading climate data from government websites that they feared might be deleted by the Trump administration. Other actions taken or promised by the Trump administration inspired the march, including pulling out of the Paris Agreement, the stances of his Cabinet nominees, the freezing of research grants, and a gag order placed on scientists in the EPA regarding dissemination of their research findings. In February 2017, William Happer, a possible Trump science advisor with skeptical views on human caused global warming, described an area of climate science as "really more like a cult" and its practitioners "glassy-eyed". ScienceInsider reported Trump's first budget request as "A grim budget day for U.S. science" because it contained major funding cuts to NOAA's research and satellite programs, the EPA's Office of Research and Development, the DOE's Office of Science and energy programs, the U.S. Geological Survey, the National Institutes of Health, and other science agencies.
International solidarity
International sister marches were planned for countries around the world. These both supported American scientists and climate scientists more generally, and protested against other impingements on academic freedom internationally, such as government action against the Central European University in Hungary and the closure of educational institutes and dismissal of academics in the 2016–17 Turkish purges, as well as local issues.
Planning and participants
A major source of inspiration behind the planning of the march was the 2017 Women's March of January 21, 2017. The specific idea to create a march originated from a Reddit discussion thread about the removal of references to climate change from the White House website. In the discussion, an anonymous poster named "Beaverteeth92" made a comment regarding the need for a "Scientist's March on Washington". Dozens of Reddit users responded positively to the proposal. Jonathan Berman, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Texas Health Science Center and a participant in the original conversation, created a Facebook page, Twitter feed and website to organize a march. The Facebook group grew from 200 members to 300,000 in less than a week, growing to 800,000 members. Individual scientists have both applauded and criticized this development.
It was announced on March 30 that Bill Nye, Mona Hanna-Attisha, and Lydia Villa-Komaroff would headline the march, and serve as honorary co-chairs. The protest was set to occur on Earth Day, with satellite rallies planned in hundreds of cities across the world.
For the inaugural march in Washington, D.C., the National Committee consisted of (in alphabetic order):
Sofia Ahsanuddin, Valorie V. Aquino, Jonathan Berman, Teon L. Brooks, Beka Economopoulos, Kate Gage, Kristen Gunther, Kishore Hari, Sloane Henningsen, Rachael Holloway, Aaron Huertas, Ayana Elizabeth Johnson, Rosalyn LaPier, Julia MacFall, Adam Miller, Lina Miller, Caitlin Pharo, Jennifer Redig, Joanna Spencer-Segal, Lucky Tran, Courtnie Weber, Caroline Weinberg, and Amanda Yang.
These are the roles of the National Committee along with their teams:
During the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), the largest scientific organization in the US, scientists held the "Rally to Stand Up for Science" at Copley Square, Boston, on February 19. The same month, the AAAS announced its support for the march. By mid-March, some 100 science organizations endorsed the March for Science, including many scientific societies. Endorsers of the march included the American Geophysical Union, American Association of Geographers, American Association of Physical Anthropologists, Society for Neuroscience, Society for Freshwater Science, American Statistical Association, Association for Psychological Science, American Sociological Association, Electrochemical Society, Entomological Society of America, California Academy of Sciences, and the Monterey Bay Aquarium.
The University of Delaware Center for Political Communication conducted a survey of 1,040 members of March for Science Facebook groups or pages from March 31 to April 18 to study their motivations for joining the march. Respondents cited the following as reasons for marching:
Before April, enthusiasts found existing knitting patterns for a hat shaped like a brain and proposed it as a symbol of solidarity for the march in analogy with the pussyhat project.
Participation
The primary march, organized by Earth Day Network and March for Science, in Washington, D.C., began at 10 AM with a rally and teach-in on the grounds of the Washington Monument, featuring speeches by concerned citizens alternating with scientists and engineers; including Denis Hayes, co-founder of the first Earth Day in 1970 and Bill Nye. No politicians spoke at the rally. At 2 PM the crowd of thousands, in spite of the steady rain throughout the day, proceeded down Constitution Avenue to 3rd Street, NW between the National Mall and the west front of the United States Capitol.
Protesters gathered in over a hundred cities across the globe, with an estimated 70,000 participants in Boston, Massachusetts, and over 150,000 in several cities in California.
Reception
Professor Robert Proctor of Stanford University said that the March for Science was similar to other efforts by scientists such as Physicians for Social Responsibility; however, the scale was larger because "there's a broader perception of a massive attack on sacred notions of truth that are sacred to the scientific community."
Support
On January 26, 2017, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont expressed his support for the march, congratulating "those scientists and researchers who are fighting back". U.S. Representative Bill Foster of Illinois, a physicist and the only current member of Congress with a Ph.D. in a natural sciences field, will join the march, "not as a Democratic member of Congress, but as a scientist."<ref name="Gacher">Lev Gacher, Congress's one PhD-trained scientist will join march on Washington , Stat (April 5, 2017).</ref> Foster said that he viewed the march as political, but not partisan, saying, "if you see a specific policy that is inconsistent with the known principles of science, every citizen who is also a scientist should speak out."
In February the AAAS and other science groups announced their support for the march. Rush Holt Jr., the chief executive officer of the AAAS, expressed support for scientist involvement in politics. Holt also emphasizes the importance of "appreciation for and understanding of science in the general population".
Criticism
The march received a torrent of criticism from conservative publications for the perceived left-wing bias and orientation of the event. Donald Trump's science adviser, climate change denier William Happer stated that "there's no reason to assume the president is against science" and dismissed the march as a cult.
A number of scientists voiced concerns over the march. Sylvester James Gates warned that "such a politically charged event might send a message to the public that scientists are driven by ideology more than by evidence". Writing in The New York Times, Robert S. Young argued that the march will "reinforce the narrative from skeptical conservatives that scientists are an interest group and politicize their data, research and findings for their own ends" and that it would be better for scientists to "march into local civic groups, churches, county fairs and, privately, into the offices of elected officials." Matthew Nisbet, writing for Skeptical Inquirer magazine right after the first march in 2017, states that it is not the least educated but the "best educated and most scientifically literate who are prone to biased reasoning and false beliefs about contentious science issues". In his opinion this will mean that the March will only deepen "partisan differences, while jeopardizing trust and impartiality and credibility of scientists". Nisbet feels that confidence in scientists is strong, and they should "use this capital wisely and effectively".
Responding to criticism surrounding the political nature of the march, meteorologist and columnist Eric Holthaus wrote that the scientific field "has always been political" and referred to the example of Galileo Galilei's confrontation with the political order. Holthaus wrote that the scientists must also protest when "truth itself is being called into question".
Discussing science's role in policy and government, Rush Holt points out a fallacy in viewing science and politics as philosophically incompatible: "The ethic in the profession is that you stick to your science, and if you're interested in how science affects public policy or public questions, just let the facts speak for themselves. Of course, there's a fallacy there, too. Facts are, by themselves, voiceless."
San Francisco Lead Organizer Kristen Ratan debated Jerry Coyne on KQED's Forum regarding his criticism of the March and remarked that the millennial generation is just finding its feet with regard to activism and should be encouraged. Ratan also distinguished between being political and being partisan and suggested that while the March for Science is a political act, it is by no means partisan, which implies blind allegiance to one party over another. Ratan reiterated that the March For Science supports evidence-based policy-making regardless of party or affiliation.
Follow-up
Following the march, the organizers of the March for Science encouraged people to a "Week of Action" with an outline of daily actions.
The following spring, Science not Silence: Voices from the March for Science Movement,'' was published by MIT Press. The book, edited by Stephanie Fine Sasse and Lucky Tran, featured stories and images from marches held around the globe. It was selected as one of the "World's Best Human Rights Books" of Spring 2018 by Hong Kong Free Press.
In July 2018, March for Science created and hosted the SIGNS (Science in Government, Institutions & Society) Summit in Chicago, Illinois. The summit was co-hosted by Field Museum and brought together organizers from satellite marches to connect, strategize, and develop skills to bring back to their communities. The program featured notable figures, including talks by Fabio Rojas, Brian Nord, Adia Benton, and Dana R. Fisher, as well as a poetry reading by Ed Roberson. Many sessions were recorded and are available to view online.
See also
References
External links
(5:39:07)
(00:45:28)
2017 establishments
2017 in American politics
2017 in science
2017 in the environment
2017 in Washington, D.C.
2017 protests
April 2017 events
April 2017 events in the United States
Censorship in the United States
Climate change and society
Climate change policy in the United States
Climatology
Environmental protests
Protest marches
Protests against Donald Trump
Social movements
Swell Maps were an English experimental DIY, early punk or post-punk rock group from Birmingham, England, active in various forms between 1972 and 1980. Influenced by bands such as T. Rex and the German krautrock groups such as Can and Faust, they went on to be influential to many others in the post-punk era.
History
Although it had existed in various forms since 1972, Swell Maps formed into a coherent musical entity after the beginning of British punk. The band consisted of Solihull teenagers Epic Soundtracks (real name Kevin Paul Godfrey), his brother Nikki Sudden (real name Adrian Nicholas Godfrey), Jowe Head (Stephen Bird), Biggles Books (Richard Scaldwell), Phones Sportsman (David Barrington) and John "Golden" Cockrill. The band released the single "Read About Seymour" in 1977. It is widely considered to be a classic punk era single, and is referenced in the song "Part Time Punks" by Television Personalities.
After recording their first John Peel session Swell Maps went into WMRS studio to record their first album A Trip to Marineville, which was released in 1979. They recorded a second album, Swell Maps in "Jane From Occupied Europe", in 1980.
The band toured Belgium, the Netherlands and Italy before splitting up in April 1980. A double album of archival recordings, Whatever Happens Next..., was released shortly afterwards, but has not been reissued since.
Side projects
The band backed Steve Treatment on an EP, released on their own Rather Records label in 1978. They also backed The Cult Figures on a single "Zip Nolan", released on the Rough Trade label in 1979. An EP of experimental tracks of the band backing Phones Sportsman was released under the name of the Phones Sportsman Band in 1980.
Post split
The Swell Maps back catalogue has been remastered and reissued, and several compilations of archive recordings released.
Soon after the band's split Soundtracks and Head released a single, "Rain, Rain, Rain", on Rough Trade, intended to be the first release from a forthcoming album, Daga Daga Daga, which was not completed. Richard Scaldwell (Biggles Books) released an album in 1981, The Egg Store Ilk, under the name "Richard Earl", but retired from music thereafter. Other members of the band continued to make music; Nikki Sudden began a solo career as well as working with Dave Kusworth. Epic Soundtracks was a member of Crime and the City Solution and also released solo material. Jowe Head has led a career as a musician and visual artist, and was also a member of the Television Personalities for many years.
Epic Soundtracks died of unknown causes at the age of 38 in 1997, and Nikki Sudden died at the age of 49 in March 2006, in a hotel room in New York City.
Influence
Swell Maps have been cited as an influence by bands including Dinosaur Jr., R.E.M., Nirvana and Pavement. Thurston Moore from Sonic Youth acknowledged the influence of the Swell Maps in 1981, writing "As soon as that Nikki Sudden guitar comes slicing slabbing and all out fuzzifying off that crackling vinyl groove you know you're gonna rock. It's the best of both whirls: fist-in-the-heart guitar burnin' rock and ahead-of-its-time songsmith awareness ... The Swell Maps had a lot to do with my upbringing". Scott Kannberg of Pavement said "Swell Maps was a big influence on our early records ... they had these songs they fucked up somehow to make sound really dirty and low frequency, but they had these great songs underneath all this mess". Tim Gane of Stereolab said that when he first bought A Trip to Marineville, "I must have played it a hundred times or more, just to listen to every single second of it". Other notable bands to name them an influence include Cornershop, The Pastels,<ref>Freeman, John. "Stephen McRobbie Of The Pastels' Favourite Albums". The Quietus, 3 June 2013. Retrieved 11 October 2020</ref> and Deerhunter.
In 2007, The Guardian wrote that A Trip to Marineville "combined furious punk noise-outs such as HS Art with ambient instrumentals and other experimental interludes such as Gunboats."
Discography
Studio albumsA Trip to Marineville (July 1979) #10 UK IndieJane From Occupied Europe (1980) #4 UK Indie
CompilationsWhatever Happens Next... (1981) #25 UK IndieCollision Time (1981)Train Out of It (Antar 1986) #18 UK IndieCollision Time Revisited (1989)International Rescue (1999)Sweep The Desert (2000)Wastrels and Whippersnappers (2006)Mayday Signals'' (2021)
Singles
"Read About Seymour" (1977)
"Dresden Style" (1978)
"Real Shocks" (1979)
"Let's Build a Car" (1979) #6 UK Indie
References
Bibliography
External links
Swell Maps Complete Discography
Nikki Sudden's Homepage
Epic Soundtracks' Homepage
Jowe Head's Yahoo Group
Phones Sportsman Band page
Phones Sportsman's 1980 solo single page
English punk rock groups
English post-punk music groups
Alive Naturalsound Records artists
Musical groups from Birmingham, West Midlands
Secretly Canadian artists
Annulobalcis wareni is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae.
Distribution
This marine species remains distributed throughout marine terrain off the coasts of Vietnam.
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 2012
Keadue () is a townland in County Donegal, Ireland. It is in the Rosses region of northwest County Donegal, on the R259 road on the Wild Atlantic Way, about halfway between the fishing villages of Burtonport and Kincasslagh on the Atlantic coast.
Sport
Keadue is most well known for its football team, Keadue Rovers, who play their home games at Central Park in Keadue. Ireland goalkeeper, Packie Bonner, from nearby Cloughglass, started his career at Keadue.
The local GAA team is An Clochán Liath, who play 8 km away in An Clochán Liath. Gaelic football All-Star, Tony Boyle, member of the 1992 Donegal All-Ireland winning team, was born in Keadue.
UFC mixed martial artist, Joseph Duffy is from Meenbanad, the bordering townland.
Language
Keadue is in the Gaeltacht region, which means the official language of the area is Irish. However, the use of Irish has been in decline since the 1950s.
Education
The local national school is Keadue National School () with 34 pupils, and the nearest secondary school is Rosses Community School in Dungloe.
Music
Since 1888, Keadue has been home to The Keadue Band, one of many marching fife and drum bands from the area.
Transport
Keadue is situated 10 km from Donegal International Airport which is serviced by daily Aer Lingus flights to Dublin Airport and also does a flight to Glasgow.
References
Townlands of County Donegal
Gardens Commercial High School is a coeducational inner city Secondary School in Cape Town, South Africa with learners aged 12–18 years. In 2006 the school was designated a Business, Commerce and Management (BCM) Focus School. As such, Gardens Commercial is part of an education intervention that aims to redress the Apartheid education system. The school is a lead institution that supports learners with exceptional interest, talent, interest or aptitude in the field of business, commerce and management. Gardens Commercial offers the following focus field subjects: Accounting, Business Studies, Economics and Computer Applications Technology.
History
Gardens Commercial High School is a fine mixture of the old and the new. The five original houses which still form parts of the school buildings were built in 1882 and were used as University of Cape Town residences during the 1920s. Since then they have housed a private hotel, the offices of the Provincial Administration (1939–1944) and the offices of the Department of Inland Revenue and the Rent Control Board (1944–1967).
In 1967 the demolition of Avenue Terrace - as the buildings were then known – was planned. In its stead a new school would be built to house the pupils from the Day School of Commerce (est. 1961) which, until then, had been a department of the Cape Technical College. These plans, however, were shelved and the original buildings were adapted for use as a school.
In 1968 the school came under the jurisdiction of the Cape Education Department and a year later it was renamed Gardens Commercial High School. The Avenue Terrace buildings survived intact, a second time, when demolition plans were again mooted.
When Louis Karol Architects were commissioned in 1976 to build the new school, their decision to incorporate Avenue Terrace finally guaranteed the survival of these buildings. The intriguing blend of old and new in this design earned the architects an Award of Merit from the Institute of South African Architects.
In 1984 - two years before the school's silver anniversary - the Twistniet Sports Complex was opened in Upper Orange Street. It offered facilities for hockey, tennis, basketball, netball and athletics.
The school is proud of its historic links with the city of Cape Town. In 1993 the old School buildings, the wall and the ground were declared a National Monument. The original deeds of transfer of the ground, are part of the Uitvlugt, date to 1732.
Sport & Culture
Learners participate in at least one extramural activity throughout the year. The following activities are offered:
Argus Quizz
Athletics
Beauty Therapy
Book Club
Bowls
Chess
Dancing
Drama
E-gaming
Fitness Club
Interact
Inter-Faith
Journaling
Netball
Soccer
Touch Rugby
Website committee
External links
School Website
References
Gardens Commercial High History
Schools in Cape Town
1968 establishments in South Africa
Grenville was an electoral riding in Ontario, Canada. In 1867 at the time of confederation, the area was split between Grenville North and Grenville South but these were merged in 1886 into one riding. In 1934, parts of Grenville were merged with the riding of Dundas to form Grenville-Dundas. In 1977 it was further redistributed to form Carleton-Grenville. It was merged into Leeds-Grenville and Stormont-Dundas-Glengarry in 1987.
Members of Provincial Parliament
References
Former provincial electoral districts of Ontario
Takahashi Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 10.6 km2. The dam impounds about 1 ha of land when full and can store 39 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1916 and completed in 1919.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Help! Mom! There are Liberals Under my Bed! () is a children's picture book that depicts caricatures of liberal politicians such as Hillary Clinton and Ted Kennedy in order to advocate conservative values. It was written by Katharine DeBrecht and was published by World Ahead Publishing in 2005.
Background
The book was first announced by U.S. News & World Report, which called it "a picture book for kid conservatives". Domestic reactions along political lines included radio host Rush Limbaugh, who praised the book. After Limbaugh's on-air praise, the book's position on Amazon.com sales charts rose significantly, and at one point it trailed only the latest edition Harry Potter in children's books. However, it became controversial and was mocked by The Daily Show along with the book Why Mommy is a Democrat for the notion that young children lack the ability to grasp politics and are too impressionable to be exposed to such material.
Responding to the media coverage, Philippe Reines, the press secretary for Sen. Hillary Clinton – who is one of the book's cartoon villains – fired back, "Can't wait for the sequel, Help! Mom! I Can't Read This Book Because Republicans Have Cut Literacy Programs!" DeBrecht replied, "It's ironic that Hillary's press secretary would call for more government intrusion into our lives while bashing my book...Evidently Hillary thinks it takes a village to teach a child to read!" Reines later responded by claiming that sales of the book must have been poor, in spite of evidence to the contrary.
Foreign media in the United Kingdom, Australia and India also covered the book.
At the end of 2005, the New York Times announced that the book was one of the most blogged about books of the year. It was also profiled in Publishers Weekly.
Notes
American children's books
American political books
Books critical of modern liberalism in the United States
2005 children's books
Latino Peak () is peak high situated south-southwest of Mount Hazlett in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It is the highest peak in the vicinity of the bifurcation where Tucker Glacier and Pearl Harbor Glacier converge. Its western slope is drained by Summers Glacier.
The peak was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photos, 1960–64, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Terry L. Latino, a U.S. Navy SeaBee who camped at McMurdo Station on Ross Island as a member the U.S. Navy Antarctic Support summer expeditions of 1965, 1966. He also wintered there as a member of the Operation Deep Freeze Winter-Over party of 1967 and also served in the Vietnam War in 1968–69.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Fasıl is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 165 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
John Gargan (6 June 1928 – 4 February 2007) was an English professional footballer who played as a half-back in the Football League for York City, and in non-League football for Cliftonville.
References
1928 births
Footballers from York
2007 deaths
English footballers
Association football midfielders
York City F.C. players
English Football League players
5-EAPB (1-(benzofuran-5-yl)-N-ethylpropan-2-amine) is a potentially entactogenic amphetamine which is structurally related to 5-MAPB and 5-APB. It might be predicted to show similar effects to these drugs in humans, but the pharmacology of 5-EAPB remains unstudied as of 2020.
5-EAPB is similar in structure to compounds such as 5-APB which are claimed to be agonists of the 5-HT2C receptor as well as a triple monoamine reuptake inhibitor, however 5-EAPB is not listed as an example in this patent, and it is not yet established to what extent the activity of 5-EAPB resembles that of 5-APB.
Legality
In the UK, all benzofurans are considered Class B drugs and are therefore illegal.
5-EAPB is listed in the Fifth Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act (MDA) and therefore illegal in Singapore as of May 2015.
Adverse reactions and deaths
Three people in their 30s were hospitalised after each taking approximately 500 mg of 5-EAPB, one of whom later died in hospital, whilst attending Brownstock music festival in Essex, UK on August 31, 2013.
References
Substituted amphetamines
5-Benzofuranethanamines
Designer drugs
Entactogens and empathogens
Red Hot Chili Peppers Live: I'm with You is the title of 2011 live concert by Red Hot Chili Peppers which was recorded live on August 30, 2011 at E-Werk in Cologne, Germany and shown via satellite (although on a delayed broadcast and not live) at 8pm in each time zone across the world at select movie theaters. Encore presentations were shown on September 1, 2011. The concert featured a full album performance (minus one song) of the band's, I'm with You, which was released in North America the previous day and in the following days in other areas of the world. This marks the only time in the band's near 30-year history that an album has ever been performed in sequence. The show has never been released on DVD or any other format however can be viewed in its entirety on YouTube although not endorsed by the band.
Background
In early August 2011 it was announced that the band had plans to stream a full live performance of their upcoming album across the United States and Europe. Tickets went on sale August 5, 2011 at the box office of each theater where the film would be shown along with online movie ticket outlets. Moviegoers who got to the theater prior to the screening of the performance were treated to various new exclusive interviews by each band member.
Songs performed
The original plan was to perform all fourteen songs in sequence from the album and the event was being promoted as a full album performance however the band decided to not perform "Even You Brutus?" and it remains the only song from the album to never be performed live. Flea mentioned that the song was not played due to problems with playing both bass and piano on the song. During the concert the band also had technical problems during the performance of "Did I Let You Know" so they performed it again during their encore.
All songs written by Flea, Kiedis, Klinghoffer, Smith, except where noted.
"Monarchy of Roses
"Factory of Faith"
"Brendan's Death Song"
"Ethiopia"
"Annie Wants a Baby"
"Look Around"
"Frankenstein" (The Edgar Winter Group) (tease)
"The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie"
Jam
"Did I Let You Know"
Drums and percussion jam
"Goodbye Hooray"
Flea piano solo
"Happiness Loves Company"
"Police Station"
"Meet Me At the Corner"
"Dance, Dance, Dance"
"Me and My Friends (Flea, Kiedis, Slovak, Irons)
"Did I Let You Know" (performed again due to previous technical problems)
"Give It Away" (Flea, Kiedis, Frusciante, Smith)
Personnel
Flea – bass, piano, backing vocals
Anthony Kiedis – lead vocals
Josh Klinghoffer – guitar, six-string bass, backing vocals
Chad Smith – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Michael Bulger – trumpet, piano
Mauro Refosco – percussion
Chris Warren – keyboards
References
Red Hot Chili Peppers live albums
2011 live albums
Red Hot Chili Peppers video albums
Live video albums
2011 video albums
Artemisia princeps, also called Yomogi, Japanese mugwort, Korean wormwood, Korean mugwort or first wormwood in English, is an Asian plant species in the sunflower family, native to China, Japan and Korea. It is a perennial, very vigorous plant that grows to 1.2 meters. This species spreads rapidly by means of underground stolons and can become invasive. It bears small, buff-colored flowers from July to November which are hermaphroditic, and pollinated by wind. The leaves are feather shaped, scalloped and light green, with white dense fuzz on the underside.
Distribution and habitat
Artemisia princeps is native to China, Japan and Korea. It has been introduced into Belgium and the Netherlands. It grows in a variety of habitats including roadsides, slopes, valleys, and riverbanks.
Uses
Culinary
Leaves and young seedlings can be eaten raw or cooked. They can also be used in salads and soups after removal of the bitterness.
Japan
In Japan the herb is used to flavor glutinous rice dumplings called kusa mochi () or yomogi mochi (), or rice flour dumplings called kusa dango (). The young leaves can be lightly boiled before being pounded and added to which they give a pleasant colour, aroma and flavour. Because of this use, the Artemesia plant is also called mochigusa (, though it is also called mogusa in reference to its use in moxibustion). The plant is also actively grown in the state of Hawaii, and used for making the herbal mochi by residents of Japanese descent.
The leaves are occasionally blanched and added to soups or rice in Japanese cuisine.
Korea
Mugwort, referred to as ssuk (쑥) in Korean, is widely used in Korean cuisine as well as in traditional medicine (hanyak). In spring, which is the harvesting season, the young leaves of mugwort are used to prepare savory dishes such as jeon (Korean-style pancakes), ssuk kimchi, (쑥김치), ssukguk (쑥국, soup made with ssuk). Most commonly, however, fresh mugwort as well as dried leaves ground into powder are a characteristic ingredient in various types of tteok (rice cakes). Today, ssuk also adds flavor and color to more contemporary desserts and beverages, e.g. ice cream, breads, cakes, mugwort tea (ssukcha 쑥차) and ssuk latte (쑥라떼).
Medicinal
Artemisia princeps is one of the species of mugwort used as in moxibustion, a traditional medical practice of China, Korea, Mongolia, Tibet, Nepal and Vietnam.
China
In China it is known as huanghua ai (, literally yellow-flower mugwort).
Culture
In Korea, it is called ssuk (쑥) or tarae ssuk (타래쑥) which is deeply related to Dangun Sinhwa (단군신화), legend of Gojoseon, the first Korean kingdom. To the ancient people in Korea, ssuk was one of the foods that was believed to have medicinal or religious value. In the foundation myth of Gojoseon in 2333 BCE, eating nothing but 20 cloves of garlic and a bundle of ssuk for 100 days let a bear be transformed into a woman.
See also
Kampo herb list
References
External links
princeps
Medicinal plants of Asia
Korean vegetables
Plants described in 1930
Flora of China
Flora of Eastern Asia
To Kill a Child may refer to:
"To Kill a Child" (short story), 1948 short story by Stig Dagerman
To Kill a Child (1953 film), Swedish short film based on the short story
To Kill a Child (2003 film), Swedish-Finnish short film based on the short story
Levanna projectile points are stone projectile points manufactured by Native Americans what is now the Northeastern United States, generally in the time interval of 700-1350 AD. They are true arrowheads rather than atlatl dart points, and they derive their name from the specimens found at the Levanna site in Cayuga County, New York.
Description
Levanna points are generally about 1 1/4 to 1 3/4 inches (30 to 45 mm) in length but may be as small as 7/8 inch (22 mm) to as large as 3 inches (76 mm). They are generally rather thin and triangular about as wide as they are long, and usually have a concave base. They are generally made from local flints, jasper, quartz and quartzite.
Age and cultural affiliations
These points appeared in the American northeast around 700 AD and were very common from about 900 AD until around 1350 AD when it was replaced by the Madison projectile point. They are associated with the Owasco Indians and others, and their disappearance coincides roughly with the appearance of the Iroquois culture.
Distribution
These points are found in much of New England, south eastern Ontario, the Middle Atlantic area, as far west as Virginia and eastern Pennsylvania.
See also
Other projectile points
References
Projectile points
Indigenous weapons of the Americas
The 1964 American Road Race of Champions was the first running of the SCCA National Championship Runoffs. It took place on 14 and 15 November 1964 at the Riverside International Raceway. The ARRC was held as the non-championship final round of the SCCA National Sports Car Championship and the SCCA Divisional Championships. Most competitive drivers from SCCA's six divisions were invited to the event. No championships were contested that year as part of the Runoffs, and therefore, ARRC champions were not SCCA National Champions.
Race results
Sources:
Class winners for multi-class races in bold.
Race 1 - Formula Vee
The first race, held on November 14, was the Formula Vee race. It was held for 45 minutes and 23 laps.
Race 2 - H Production
The H Production race was held on November 14 for 45 minutes and 23 laps.
Race 3 - G Production
The G Production race was held on November 14 for 45 minutes and 23 laps.
Race 4 - H Modified
The H Modified race was held on November 14 for 45 minutes and 24 laps.
Race 5 - E & F Modified
E Modified & F Modified drivers raced in a multi-class race held on November 14 for 45 minutes and 27 laps.
Race 6 - E Production
The E Production race was held for on November 14 for 45 minutes and 25 laps.
Race 7 - F Production
The F Production race was held on November 14 for 45 minutes and 23 laps.
Race 8 - G Modified
The G Modified race was held on November 15 for 45 minutes and 26 laps.
Race 9 - C Production
The C Production race was held on November 15 for 45 minutes and 25 laps.
Race 10 - Formula Junior & Libre
Formula Libre & Formula Junior drivers raced in a multi-class race held on November 15 for 45 minutes and 27 laps.
Race 11 - C & D Modified
C Modified & D Modified drivers raced in a multi-class race held on November 15 for 45 minutes and 28 laps.
Race 12 - A & B Production
A Production & B Production drivers raced in a multi-class race held on November 15 for 45 minutes and 27 laps. There were originally two separate races scheduled, but the entrant number was too low for two races.
Race 13 - D Production
The final race was the D Production race. It was held on November 15 for 45 minutes and 25 laps.
Legacy
The event has been a big success. More than 160 drivers have arrived to the ARRC, including future road racing stars such as Chuck Parsons, Jerry Titus, Rick Muther, Bob Sharp, Jerry Hansen, Bob Tullius, Ed Leslie, Jim Downing, Ron Grable, Dave Jordan, Dick Guldstrand and George Alderman. The race has been the first race from the late 1950s that saw amateur West Coast and East Coast racers compete against each other, as the SCCA National Sports Car Championship was East Coast-only and the USRRC, despite allowing amateur drivers to compete, was a pro championship.
The 1964 American Road Race of Champions started a new chapter in the history of American amateur road racing. The National Championship was cancelled for 1965 and the ARRC became the only interdivisional amateur road race. It was still a non-championship event until 1966, when Runoffs winners in each class became National Champions.
Notes
Due to limited attention to SCCA amateur races at the time, the results are not fully complete and there are a lot of inaccuracies.
Formula Vee
Some sources say that Downing was the pole-sitter in race, which is not confirmed by the SCCA.
G Production
2The SCCA site says Mernone ran for 4 laps, while other sources say she ran only for three laps.
E & F Modified
3Some sources say Candler had an Elva Mk VII for the race.
F Production
4Noah's pole is debated by the SCCA website, so Riggs could be the pole-sitter.
C Production
5The SCCA website lists Ward running a Lotus Elan, but in the entry list he is listed running a Super Seven.
References
SCCA National Sports Car Championship
SCCA National Championship Runoffs
1964 in American motorsport
The NAB AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League. The 2011 award was won by Dyson Heppell of the Essendon Football Club, who received the Ron Evans Medal.
Eligibility
Every round, an Australian Football League rising star nomination is given to a stand out young player. To be eligible for nomination, a player must be under 21 on 1 January of that year and have played 10 or fewer senior games before the start of the season; a player who is suspended may be nominated, but is not eligible to win the award. At the end of the year, one of the 24 nominees is the winner of award.
Nominations
Final voting
References
Rising Star, 2011
Australian rules football-related lists
Přístav volá (first published as Modrý život Jiřího Dražana) is first book written by Jaroslav Foglar. It was published in 1934 by Melantrich after it won in a competition in young-adult fiction category.
Plot
Jirka Dražan, the main protagonist, is searching for adventure and for somebody to experience the adventure with. All boys in the neighbourhood are too lazy. The only willing boy would be Tonda Pazdera, but Jirka does not like him. One day, Jirka ventures into Harbour District and joins a gang. He experiences many adventures. Eventually he is approached to participate in a burglary and he leaves the gang with distaste. He turns to Láďa Vilemín who has been harassed by the gang. Láďa explains his "Blue Life, a guide for the modern gentleman" to Jirka. Jirka likes the idea and takes it for his own. Some time later, Laďa's family moves to Denmark and he has to say Jirka goodbye. The farewell is painful, but Jirka cherishes his memory and his "Blue Life". He then forms a friendship with Tonda Pazdera.
1934 novels
Czech novels
Young adult novels
1934 debut novels
The Cottage House, formerly known as the White Horse Inn and Vernon Stiles Inn, is a historic bed and breakfast located in Thompson, Connecticut, United States.
History
Built in 1814 by Stephen Tefft, Dr. James Webb, Noadiah Comins, and Hezekiah Olney, the inn began as one of many public houses in the area. After Captain Vernon Stiles purchased it in 1830, it became Stiles Tavern and quickly gained popularity, boasting that “more stage passengers dined there every day than at any other house in New England.”
In addition to its fame as an inn, Stiles Tavern also became known as a wedding facility. Couples who disliked their state's requirements for publishing their intentions to marry fled to Connecticut. There, Captain Stiles, also a Justice of the Peace, wed them in his tavern. The unions of these run-aways earned Stiles Tavern the celebrated reputation as the “Gretna Green of New England.”
When the temperance movement arose in the mid-1830s, Captain Stiles disposed of his liquor, transforming his tavern into a temperance house. After Captain Stiles, several innkeepers owned and managed the inn over the years. Eventually changing from a tavern to a restaurant, the building took on different titles, such as the Vernon Stiles Inn, the White Horse Inn at Vernon Stiles, and simply the White Horse Inn.
Present state
Now a bed and breakfast, the inn currently is called The Cottage House. Though it no longer holds wedding ceremonies, it still accommodates several brides and guests of couples who host their weddings or receptions at its nearby sister property, Lord Thompson Manor, also a historic site.
The Cottage House is part of the Thompson Hill Historic District, registered with the National Register of Historic Places; the State Register, and the Local Register, and is also recognized as a National Historical Site, a State Historical Site, and a City Historical Site.
Claims to fame
Since Captain Vernon Stiles's purchase of the inn in the 1830s, the signs outside The Cottage House have portrayed a gentleman riding in a carriage pulled by a white horse. This image depicts a visit from the famous Marquis de Lafayette in 1824. Lafayette stayed at the inn for three days during his tour of America, and visited with a few of the town locals.
The Cottage House also was used in the 1959 filming of the mystery movie, The Man in the Net.
References
Iamartino, Joseph, ed. (2003). Echoes of Old Thompson: A Pictorial History of Thompson, Connecticut. The Donning Company Publishers.
Larned, Ellen D. (2000). History of Windham County Connecticut, Vol. 2, 1760-1880. Swordsmith Productions.
Bayles, Richard M. History of the Village of Thompson. Connecticut Genealogy. Retrieved on 2007-05-31.
External links
The Cottage House
Thompson Historical Society
Buildings and structures in Windham County, Connecticut
Bed and breakfasts in Connecticut
Thompson, Connecticut
Jefferson Lake Coburn (1835–1917) was an American architect in Maine. Many of his works were completed as a member of the architectural firm Coburn & Sons.
Life and career
Jefferson Lake Coburn, known professionally as Jeff. L. Coburn, was born March 30, 1835 in Buckfield, Maine to Hiram Coburn and Eliza (Gardner) Coburn. He was raised in Carthage. When the American Civil War began, he enlisted in the 10th Maine Infantry Regiment, and later reenlisted with the 29th Maine Infantry Regiment. In 1864 his company was attached to the 1st District of Columbia Cavalry Regiment, and later that year he was transferred to the 1st Maine Cavalry Regiment, with which he saw out the rest of the war. He was discharged with the rank of second lieutenant. In later life he claimed to have been the only man who was wounded after the surrender of Lee.
Sometime after the war he moved to Lewiston, where he worked as a contractor and builder until at least 1882. By 1884 he was working instead as an architect. Circa 1889 he reestablished his practice as Coburn & Sons, though only one of his sons was living. Coburn continued to practice past his son's death in 1897 until at least 1901, and probably retired shortly thereafter.
Personal life and death
Coburn was married first in 1860 to Lois Emerson, and they had one daughter: Cedell Coburn (1860–1947). After his first wife died in 1863, he married second to Mary Frances Allen. They had one daughter, Lora Lee Coburn (1864–1866) and two sons, Leon Coburn (1869–1887) and Forest G. Coburn (1871–1897). Coburn died October 3, 1917 at Falmouth Foreside.
Legacy
At least six buildings designed by Coburn, alone and with his son, have been listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. Others contribute to listed historic districts.
Architectural works
James C. Lord house, 497 Main St, Lewiston, Maine (1885, NRHP 1978)
John W. Perry house, 481 Main St, Lewiston, Maine (1886)
A. A. Garcelon house, 223 Main St, Auburn, Maine (1890, NRHP 1986)
Healy Asylum, 81 Ash St, Lewiston, Maine (1892–93, NRHP 1979)
Osgood Building, 129 Lisbon St, Lewiston, Maine (1893, NRHP 1986)
St. Hyacinth School, 2 Walker St, Westbrook, Maine (1893–94, NRHP 2013)
Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul rectory, 27 Bartlett St, Lewiston, Maine (1894–95)
First McGillicuddy Block, 133 Lisbon St, Lewiston, Maine (1895, NRHP 1986)
Hayes Block, 288 Main St, Lewiston, Maine (1897)
Levi J. Gunn House, Inner Heron Island, Maine (1887)
Gallery of architectural works
Notes
References
1835 births
1917 deaths
19th-century American architects
Architects from Maine
People from Lewiston, Maine
An organ system is a biological system consisting of a group of organs that work together to perform one or more functions. Each organ has a specialized role in a plant or animal body, and is made up of distinct tissues.
Plants
Plants have two major organ systems. Vascular plants have two distinct organ systems: a shoot system, and a root system. The shoot system consists stems, leaves, and the reproductive parts of the plant (flowers and fruits). The shoot system generally grows above ground, where it absorbs the light needed for photosynthesis. The root system, which supports the plants and absorbs water and minerals, is usually underground.
Animals
Other animals have similar organ systems to humans although simpler animals may have fewer organs in an organ system or even fewer organ systems.
Humans
There are 11 distinct organ systems in human beings, which form the basis of human anatomy and physiology. The 11 organ systems include the respiratory system, digestive and excretory system, circulatory system, urinary system, integumentary system, skeletal system, muscular system, endocrine system, lymphatic system, nervous system, and reproductive systems. There are other systems in the body that are not organ systems. For example, the Immune system protects the organism from infection, but it is not an organ system as it is not composed of organs. Some organs are in more than one system. For example, the nose is in both the respiratory system and also is a sensory organ in the nervous system. The testes and ovary are both part of the reproductive systems and endocrine systems.
Notes
Human Organ Systems
See also
List of systems of the human body
Human Body Parts Name in English
References
Organ systems
Robert Norwood Clemens (born August 3, 1933) is a former fullback in the National Football League.
Career
Clemens was drafted in the seventh round of the 1955 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers and played that season with the team. He played at the collegiate level at the University of Georgia.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1933 births
Living people
People from Scottsboro, Alabama
Players of American football from Alabama
American football fullbacks
Georgia Bulldogs football players
Green Bay Packers players
Serious Hits… Live! is the name of Phil Collins' 1990 live album, released on vinyl, cassette and CD. It is also the title of the 2003 DVD video release of his concert at Berlin's Waldbühne on 15 July 1990. (The original 1990 VHS and Betamax version of the video was titled Seriously Live.) The songs on the CD version are taken from various concerts during the Seriously, Live! World Tour. At the Brit Awards in 1992, the album brought Collins a nomination for British Male Artist.
History
When compiling the tracks for the album, instead of providing the experience of a complete live concert, the producers took the approach of putting together a "hits only" selection of songs. On the final song of the album, Collins thanks the fans in Chicago.
The live video and DVD version features one entire concert. The live performance at Berlin's Waldbühne has been hailed by Collins as his best performance due to the energy of the German people after the fall of the Berlin Wall. The DVD presents an in-depth look at his solo concert experience. Special moments include the crowd not allowing the concert to continue with prolonged applause after "Something Happened on the Way to Heaven" and the lighter vigil during "Doesn't Anybody Stay Together Anymore".
Track listing
All tracks written by Phil Collins, except where noted.
Original 1990 LP
DVD track listing
"Hand in Hand"
"Hang in Long Enough"
"Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)"
"Don't Lose My Number"
"Inside Out"
"Do You Remember?"
"Who Said I Would"
"Another Day in Paradise"
"Separate Lives"
"Saturday Night and Sunday Morning"
"The West Side"
"That's Just the Way It Is"
"Something Happened on the Way to Heaven"
"Doesn't Anybody Stay Together Anymore"
"One More Night"
"Colours"
"In the Air Tonight"
"You Can't Hurry Love"
"Two Hearts"
"Sussudio"
"A Groovy Kind of Love"
"Easy Lover"
"Always"
"Take Me Home"
The version of "Doesn't Anybody Stay Together Anymore" performed on the Serious Hits… Live! recording differs considerably from the original version on the album No Jacket Required, having been re-arranged into a ballad style.
Personnel
The Serious Guys
Phil Collins – vocals, electric grand piano, drums
Brad Cole – keyboards
Daryl Stuermer – guitars
Leland Sklar – bass
Chester Thompson – drums
The Seriousettes
Bridgette Bryant – vocals
Arnold McCuller – vocals
Fred White – vocals
The Phenix Horns
Don Myrick – alto saxophone
Louis "Lui Lui" Satterfield – trombone
Rahmlee Michael Davis – trumpet
Harry Kim – trumpet
Production
Directed by Jim Yukich
Produced by Paul Flattery and Tony Smith
Audio Produced by Phil Collins and Robert Colby
Engineered by Paul Gomersall
Mixed by Paul Gomersall and Robert Colby
Remixed at The Farm, Townhouse Studios and Great Linford Manor (England, UK); The Power Station (New York, NY); A&M Studios (Los Angeles, CA).
Design – Phil Collins and Wherefore Art?
Photography – Lewis Lee
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Album
Video
Reception
allmusic [ link]
See also
Philip Collins Ltd v Davis [2000] 3 All ER 808
List of best-selling albums in Argentina
List of best-selling albums in Brazil
List of best-selling albums in France
List of best-selling albums in Germany
References
1990 live albums
1990 video albums
Phil Collins live albums
Live video albums
Albums produced by Phil Collins
Phil Collins video albums
Virgin Records live albums
Virgin Records video albums
Atlantic Records video albums
Atlantic Records live albums
Warner Music Group live albums
Warner Music Group video albums
Mikhaylovka () is a rural locality (a settlement) in Medvedevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 342 as of 2002.
Geography
Neklyudikha is located 52 km northeast of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nizhnyaya Pechenga is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Aruwimi District (, ) was a district of the Congo Free State and Belgian Congo. It went through various changes in extent before being absorbed into other districts.
Congo Free State
Article 3 of the decree of 16 April 1887 provided for the Congo Free State to be divided into administrative districts headed by district commissioners, assisted by one or more deputies.
The decree of 1 August 1888 divided the Congo Free State into eleven districts, including Aruwimi-Uele District with its headquarters in Basoko.
A map of the Congo Free State in 1888 shows the district of Aruwimi and Ouellé covering the northeast of the colony, bordering Stanley Pool District to the south, Équateur District to the southwest and Oubandji and Ouellé District to the west.
The borders of the district are mostly straight lines through unexplored territory.
The name comes from the Aruwimi River, formed where the Ituri River flowing west from the Lake Albert region meets the Nepoko River, and flowing west to join the Congo in the west of the district, and the Uele River, flowing through the north of the district and feeding the Ubangi River, which defined the boundary between the Belgian and French possessions.
In 1895 the number of the districts was increased to fifteen.
Aruwimi-Uele was split into two districts: Uele with headquarters in Niangara, and Aruwimi District, still with headquarters in Basoko.
Uele was threatened by the Arabs, and was placed under special administration.
An 1897 map of the Congo Free State showed the Aruwimi District along the Aruwimi River to the south of Uellé District and to the north of the huge Stanley Falls District.
The Aruwimi District had a long extension to the south of the Congo River along the west bank of the Lomami River, between the Stanley Falls District to the east and the Équateur District to the west.
Belgian Congo
By 1910 the eastern arm of the district along the Aruwimi River had been absorbed into the Stanleyville District, apart from the lowest reaches, but to the south of the Congo River the district stretched south along both sides of the Lomami River.
The district was bounded by the Bangala District to the northwest, Uele District to the northeast, Stanleyville District to the east, Kasai District to the southwest and Équateur District to the east.
The Aruwimi District became part of the Orientale Province created in 1914.
It disappeared with the reorganization of 1933, absorbed into the Stanleyville District in the new Stanleyville Province.
Maps
See also
Districts of the Congo Free State
Districts of the Belgian Congo
References
Sources
Districts of the Congo Free State
Districts of the Belgian Congo
Districts of Orientale Province
Nenoue-ko Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.2 km2. The dam impounds about ha of land when full and can store 332 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1957 and completed in 1964.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
The 1982–83 Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team represented the University of Louisville during the 1982–83 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, Louisville's 70th season of intercollegiate competition. The Cardinals competed in the Metro Conference and were coached by Denny Crum, who was in his twelfth season. The team played its home games at Freedom Hall.
The Cardinals won the Metro Conference tournament championship (their 4th), defeating Tulane 66–51. Louisville defeated Kentucky 80–68 (OT) to win the NCAA tournament Mideast Regional and advance to the Final Four (their 6th) where they fell to eventual runner-up Houston 94–81. The Cardinals finished with a 32–4 (11–0) record.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| NCAA Tournament
Sources
Rankings
NCAA tournament
Mideast region
Final four
References
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball seasons
Louisville
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament Final Four seasons
Louisville
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball, 1982-83
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball, 1982-83
Frederick Dudley Snell (14 December 1924 – 14 December 1988) was an Australian electrical engineer and tramways administrator. He grew up in Bendigo and following his education worked for the State Electricity Commission of Victoria. After serving in the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II, he commenced work at the Melbourne & Metropolitan Tramways Board (MMTB) in 1953, being appointed the MMTB's fifth and last Chairman in 1976. Following the dissolving of the MMTB into the Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA) in 1983, he became General Manager of the MTA Bus and Tram Division. Snell worked for the MMTB, MTA, and Leighton Asia on Hong Kong's Tuen Mun light rail system, and died in Hong Kong in 1988.
Early life
Frederick Dudley Snell was born in Eaglehawk, Victoria on 14 December 1924. He was educated at Eaglehawk State School and later attended the Bendigo School of Mines where he attained a Diploma of Electrical Engineering. In 1940 Snell commenced a cadetship with the State Electricity Commission of Victoria (SEC). During World War II, he served with the Royal Australian Air Force, primarily in New Guinea. On 4 December 1948 he married Joan Buckie, with whom he had two daughters.
Melbourne and Metropolitan Tramways Board
In 1953, Snell left the SEC, and moved to the Melbourne & Metropolitan Tramways Board (MMTB) as an electrical engineer. He was promoted to Methods Engineer, and was appointed Chief Engineer in 1969. In 1970, he became the MMTB's Deputy Chairman under Francis Kirby. He succeeded Kirby as Chairman in 1976 for a five-year term, which was renewed in 1981.
As Chairman of the MMTB, Snell faced the same financial challenges as Kirby, but nonetheless managed some reforms. New ticketing systems, which arrested patronage declines by making public transport more cost effective, were implemented under his administration. Additional Z-class trams and new Volvo B59 and MAN SL200 buses were ordered, and he raised the introduction of trolley buses.
Snell's era saw the first tramline extensions since 1956, with an extension from East Burwood to Middleborough Road opening on 23 July 1978, and from East Preston to Boldrewood Parade opening on 19 May 1983. However, the little-used Holden Street line was abandoned. Despite the reforms, the MMTB remained in a poor financial situation, and a shift from purchasing to leasing buses later become a financial liability for the Cain Labor government.
Snell was critical to the MMTB's successful involvement in the construction and operation of Hong Kong's Tuen Mun light rail systems.
He was dismissive of concepts for low-floor trams in the early 1980s, and the MMTB ordered new B-class high-floor trams that were non-compliant with subsequent accessibility legislation. Low-floor trams were finally introduced in Melbourne in 2001.
Metropolitan Transit Authority
Public transport in Victoria was reorganised on 1 July 1983, with Melbourne's railway services and MMTB tram and bus services amalgamated into the Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA), leaving Snell the MMTB's final chairman. Snell continued working with the Melbourne tramway system, as General Manager of the MTA's Bus and Tram Division, also managing the MTA's interests in the Tuen Mun light rail system.
Tuen Mun light rail
Snell retired from the MTA in 1985 and relocated to Hong Kong to work for Leighton Asia, who were involved in consortium with the MTA, becoming project manager of the Tuen Mun light rail. The light rail opened in September 1988, with Snell commenting that opening day was "packed in true Hong Kong style".
Snell died in Hong Kong on 14 December 1988. He was survived by his wife Joan and their two daughters.
Organisational involvement
Snell was on the Management Committee of the International Union of Public Transport (UIPT), the first Australian representative, and was founding member of the UIPT Light Rail Commission. In this capacity, he aided in the creation of Light Rail Transit standards, and was one of a group of three Members of the Commission who presented at the UITP 46th International Congress in Brussels in May 1985. Snell's work in advocating for light rail saw him elected as the Honorary Vice President of the Light Rail Transit Association of the UK.
Along with his Diploma of Electrical Engineering, he was a graduate of the Australian Administrative Staff College, and held professional affiliations as a member of The Institution of Engineers Australia, and a fellow of The Chartered Institute of Transport. He served as vice-chairman of the general committee of the latter institute for eight years. He was also involved in Rotary International from 1978, being active in Melbourne Rotary and in the Welfare of the Young Committee.
References
1924 births
1988 deaths
Australian electrical engineers
Australian military personnel of World War II
Australian people in rail transport
Public servants of Victoria (Australia)
Trams in Melbourne
People from Bendigo
The 2018 Liga 3 Papua is a qualifying round for the national round of 2018 Liga 3. Persewar Waropen, the winner of the 2017 Liga 3 Papua are the defending champions. The competition will begin on June 30, 2018.
Format
In this competition, 20 teams are divided into 2 groups of seven and 1 groups of six. The two best teams are through to knockout stage. The winner will represent Papua in national round of 2018 Liga 3.
Teams
There are initially 20 clubs which will participate the league in this season..
Group stage
This stage scheduled starts on 30 June 2018.
Group A
Group B
Group C
References
2018 in Indonesian football
Seasons in Asian third tier association football leagues
María Julia Casanova (1916-2004) is recognized for her long career as a scriptwriter for radio and television and as a theater designer and director.
Biography
María Julia Casanova was born in Havana, Cuba, in 1916. She worked for children's theater in Mexico and wrote for the radio serial La Impostora broadcast on Cuba's CMQ station. With Margot de Blanck she founded the Sala Teatro Hubert de Blanck in Havana, in which she occasionally presented her own plays such as Hechizadas and Mujeres.
Exiled in Miami, Florida, in 1960, Casanova worked in radio and later with Sociedad Pro-Arte Grateli. With Armando Navarro and Roberto Miñagorri, she founded the Sala Teatro La Danza, which debuted with the play Corona de Amor by Alejandro Casona and adapted by Casanova. Casanova also worked for the magazine publisher Editorial de Armas.
In the 1980s, she served as artistic director for the Teatro Bellas Artes in Miami, where she presented original works such as Lucy and La Reina Enamorada, and designed theater sets for Teatro Avante. In the 1990s, she realized her dream of owning a theater and opened the Teatro Casanova on Miami's Calle Ocho. Ediciones Universal published her autobiography, Mi vida en el teatro, in 2000. Four years later, María Julia Casanova died in Miami.
Works or publications
Notes and references
External links
The María Julia Casanova papers are available at the Cuban Heritage Collection, University of Miami Libraries. The María Julia Casanova Papers primarily document the work of radio and television writer and theater designer and director María Julia Casanova (1916-2004) in Cuba and Miami. The Papers include her scripts, photographs, clippings, theater programs, set and costume designs, posters, audiovisual materials, memorabilia, and honors and awards.
Selected set and costume designs from the María Julia Casanova papers are available through the University of Miami Libraries Digital Collections portal.
Creator page for María Julia Casanova in the Cuban Theater Digital Archive.
1916 births
2004 deaths
Cuban theatre directors
Cuban dramatists and playwrights
Hispanic and Latino American dramatists and playwrights
Cuban emigrants to the United States
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Wayne Stuart Aiken (August 5, 1935 – April 27, 2012) was a Canadian football halfback and linebacker who played for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. He played in 14 regular season games from 1959 to 1960. On defense, he recorded two tackles and three interceptions. On offense, he rushed three times for three total yards. He also participated on special teams as a punt returner, receiving 12 punts for 58 return yards.
References
1935 births
2012 deaths
Calgary Stampeders players
Canadian football linebackers
Canadian football running backs
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
UBC Thunderbirds football players
Jhon Jairo Valencia Ortíz (born 27 March 1982), is a Colombian football midfielder. He currently plays for Alianza Atlético in the Primera División Peruana.
Valencia has great free kicking ability that has caught the eye of the Colombian National team coach.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120219201842/http://www.america.com.co/publicaciones.php?id=20638
1982 births
Living people
Footballers from Medellín
Colombian footballers
Colombia international footballers
Deportes Quindío footballers
Deportivo Pereira footballers
América de Cali footballers
Once Caldas footballers
Atlético Nacional footballers
Juan Aurich footballers
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
La Equidad footballers
Alianza Atlético footballers
Categoría Primera A player
Peruvian Primera División players
Colombian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Peru
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Peru
Association football midfielders
Darius the Great's Suez Inscriptions were texts written in Old Persian, Elamite, Babylonian and Egyptian on five monuments erected in Wadi Tumilat, commemorating the opening of the "Canal of the Pharaohs", between the Nile and the Bitter Lakes.
One of the best preserved of these monuments was a stele of pink granite, which was discovered by Charles de Lesseps, Ferdinand de Lesseps's son, in 1866, 30 kilometers from Suez near Kabret in Egypt. It was erected by Darius the Great, king of the Achaemenid Empire (or Persia), whose reign lasted from 522 to 486 BCE. The monument, also known as the Chalouf stele (alt. Shaluf Stele), records the construction of a forerunner of the modern Suez Canal by the Persians, a canal through Wadi Tumilat, connecting the easternmost, Bubastite, branch of the Nile with Lake Timsah which was connected to the Red Sea by natural waterways. The stated purpose of the canal was the creation of a shipping connection between the Nile and the Red Sea, between Egypt and Persia.
Text
Partial transliteration and translation of the inscription:
Transliteration of the Old Persian text:
English translation:
"King Darius says: I am a Persian; setting out from Persia I conquered Egypt. I ordered to dig this canal from the river that is called Nile and flows in Egypt, to the sea that begins in Persia. Therefore, when this canal had been dug as I had ordered, ships went from Egypt through this canal to Persia, as I had intended."
See also
History of Achaemenid Egypt
List of Iranian artifacts abroad
References
6th-century BC works
5th-century BC works
1866 archaeological discoveries
1866 in Egypt
Ancient Egyptian stelas
Achaemenid inscriptions
Archaeology of the Achaemenid Empire
Akkadian inscriptions
Elamite language
Suez Inscriptions
Suez Canal
Archaeological discoveries in Egypt
Wadi Tumilat
This is a list of notable women in the video game industry.
Notable women in the video game industry
Mabel Addis wrote the mainframe game The Sumerian Game (1964), becoming the first female video game designer.
Anna Anthropy, American video game designer who has worked on multiple indie games such as Mighty Jill Off and is the game designer in residence at the DePaul University College of Computing and Digital Media.
Dona Bailey, American game programmer who, along with Ed Logg in 1981, created the arcade video game Centipede.
Laura Bailey, American voice actress
Ellen Beeman, American fantasy and science fiction author, cofounder the industry group Women in Games International, and computer game designer/producer since the 1990s Since 2014, she has been a faculty member at DigiPen Institute of Technology. She is credited for development of over 40 video games, for publishers including Disney, Electronic Arts, Microprose, Microsoft, Monolith, Origin, and Sega.
Debbie Bestwick, British entrepreneur, founder of Team17.
Danielle Bunten Berry, American game designer and programmer, known for the 1983 game M.U.L.E. (one of the first influential multiplayer games), and 1984's The Seven Cities of Gold. She was the recipient of a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Computer Game Developers Association.
Connie Booth (business executive), American business executive as vice-president of Product Development at Sony Interactive Entertainment and advocate of many of SIE's first-party franchises since Crash Bandicoot.
Mattie Brice, American video game designer, critic, and industry activist.
Ashly Burch, American voice actress
Brie Code, former Ubisoft AI programming lead working on titles such as Child of Light, founder of TRU LUV, co-creator of #SelfCare, an Apple Best Of 2018.
Lori Cole, American game designer and writer. She and her husband Corey Cole are best known for the Quest for Glory adventure/roleplaying game series from Sierra Online. Other games she's worked on include Mixed-Up Fairy Tales (1991), Shannara (1995), the School for Heroes web game, and the Kickstarter-funded Hero-U: Rogue to Redemption (2018).
Christina "Phazero" Curlee, African-American game designer and researcher, featured at IndieCade, SAAM, and Eyeo festival Author of Meaningful Level Design. Currently a game designer at Insomniac Games.
Sarah Elmaleh, American voice actor and cofounder of the games conference gamedev.world
Keiko Erikawa is a Japanese video game designer and co-founder of Koei. She formed Ruby Party team by only women and then the team developed and released Angelique, the first Otome game, in 1994.
Mary Flanagan, researcher
Rebecca Ford, Canadian game developer and voice actress, serving as community manager for Digital Extremes' Warframe and colloquially known as "Space Mom".
Tracy Fullerton, American game designer, educator and writer. Fullerton's work has received numerous industry honors.
Emily Greer, cofounder and CEO of Kongregate.
Jennifer Hale, voice actress best known for her work in video game franchises including Baldur's Gate, Mass Effect, Metroid Prime, Metal Gear Solid, Soulcalibur, Spider-Man, BioShock Infinite, Quest for Glory: Shadows of Darkness, and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic. In 2013, she was recognized by Guinness World Records for "the most prolific videogame voice actor (female)"
Rebecca Heineman, American video game designer and programmer known for her work on The Bard's Tale, The Bard's Tale III: Thief of Fate and Myth III: The Wolf Age. Heineman is also considered the first national video game champion.
Amy Hennig, American video game director and scriptwriter. Her writing creates include the Legacy of Kain series for Crystal Dynamics, and Jak and Daxter and Uncharted series for Naughty Dog.
Jennifer Hepler, video game scriptwriter best known for her work on BioWare's Dragon Age series.
Miki Higashino, Japanese video game composer known for the Suikoden series.
Robin Hunicke, producer of Journey and cofounder of Funomena.
Marija Ilic, co-founder of Two Desperados - a Serbian game developer and President of the Board at Serbian Games Association. Featured as one of the "100 Game Changers" selected by gamesindusty.biz.
Emiko Iwasaki, artist and general director best known for her work on the Guilty Gear series, and Girls2Pioneers ambassador.
Jane Jensen, video game designer most known of the popular and critically acclaimed Gabriel Knight series of adventure games
Yoko Kanno, Japanese composer, arranger and musician
Junko Kawano, Japanese game designer, director, illustrator and writer best known as the co-creator of the Suikoden series and director of Shadow of Memories.
Heather Kelley, media artist and video game designer, most famous as the founder of Perfect Plum, a start-up specializing for software for women. She is also a co-founder of the Kokoromi experimental game collective.
Rieko Kodama, artist, director, and producer known for her work on the Phantasy Star series and other Sega titles including Skies of Arcadia and the 7th Dragon series.
Aya Kyogoku, manager at Nintendo EPD with leading roles in Animal Crossing series production since 2008
Christine Love, Canadian video game developer.
Van Mai (née Tran), developer of Wabbit (1982), the first console video game to feature a female protagonist.
Jessica Mak, game developer and musician, developed the games Everyday Shooter and Sound Shapes.
Cathryn Mataga, designed Atari 800 games for Synapse Software and worked on the original Neverwinter Nights MMO.
Manami Matsumae, Japanese video game composer
Carla Meninsky, video game designer during the early years of the Atari 2600
Ikumi Nakamura, Japanese artist and director, formerly of Clover Studio, PlatinumGames, and Tango Gameworks, with credits including Ōkami, Bayonetta, and The Evil Within.
Zoë Quinn, developer of Depression Quest and subsequently a spokefigure against the harassment from the Gamergate controversy.
Jade Raymond, Canadian video game executive, founder of Electronic Arts' Motive Studios, head of Visceral Games, and former managing director of Ubisoft Toronto
Siobhan Reddy, studio director of Media Molecule, a video game development studio based in the United Kingdom, most famous for their debut title LittleBigPlanet. She was named a BAFTA Fellowship in 2021.
Brenda Romero, American game designer and developer notably of the Wizardry series. She has won several awards in her long career.
Bonnie Ross, American video game developer and head of 343 Industries, the studio that manages the Halo video game franchise.
Jehanne Rousseau, French video game creative director, co-founder and CEO of Spiders.
Kellee Santiago, video game designer and producer. While studying at the USC Interactive Media Division at the University of Southern California, Santiago produced the game Cloud which was developed by Jenova Chen and a team of students. After graduating, Santiago and Chen founded Thatgamecompany, and Santiago took on the role of president. Santiago left Thatgamecompany in 2012. She is a backer for the Indie Fund, a TED fellow, and the head of developer relations for OUYA.
Anita Sarkeesian, founder of Feminist Frequency and Tropes vs. Women in Video Games
Cher Scarlett, American software engineer who worked at Blizzard Entertainment and known for her role in California Department of Fair Employment and Housing v. Activision Blizzard
Emilia Schatz, American game designer best known for her work at Naughty Dog
Kim "Geguri" Se-yeon, South Korean esport professional and first female player signed in to the Overwatch League.
Suzanne Seggerman, co-founder of Games for Change
Carol Shaw, the first woman who was a full-time video game designer. She began as an Atari employee, designing and programming 3-D Tic-Tac-Toe (1979) for the Atari 2600. Shaw later joined Activision where she designed Happy Trails for the Intellivision and River Raid for the Atari 800 and Atari 5200 for which she is most widely known. Additionally, she designed an unreleased Polo game in 1978 and worked on the game Super Breakout.
Kazuko Shibuya, Japanese video game artist known for her work with Square and Square Enix
Yoko Shimomura, Japanese video game composer and pianist who has composed or contributed to nearly one hundred video game soundtracks.
Tanya X. Short, American video game designer and founder of Kitfox Games, where she has worked on games such as Shattered Planet (2014) and Moon Hunters (2016). She co-founded Pixelles, an organisation that aims to address gender diversity in video game development.
Joelle Silverio, American video game designer, software engineer, animator, and visual effects artist. Notably, the first African-American female game designer to drive design of a AAA game, with her work on Killing Floor 2 for Tripwire Interactive. Silverio began her career with Hi-Rez Studios, working on Global Agenda, Tribes: Ascend, and SMITE. She later worked on EVE Online, and World of Darkness for CCP Games before moving on to Killing Floor 2. As a Gameplay/Combat Designer, Silverio worked on Battlefield 2042:Portal for Electronic Arts. She is currently a Principal Game Designer with TEAM KAIJU, working on an unannounced FPS game for PC and console.
Kim Swift, American video game designer best known for her work at Valve with games such as Portal and Left 4 Dead. Swift was featured by Fortune as one of "30 Under 30" influential figures in the video game industry. She was described in Mental Floss as one of the most recognized women in the industry and by WIRED as "an artist that will push the medium forward".
Risa Tabata, assistant producer, designer, and director of various Nintendo video games, such as Paper Mario: Color Splash and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze.
Gail Tilden, former marketing director for Nintendo of America, who helped with the marketing of the Nintendo Entertainment System in the United States and the creation of Nintendo Power.
Pauliina Tornqvist, Finnish video game producer known for her work at Activision, Ubisoft and other publishers, on gaming franchises such as Call of Duty, Watchdogs, Trials, Angry Birds, and Travian. Tornqvist started her career by founding her own mobile game studio only at the age of 20, before continuing to work across Europe and US on multiple AAA productions - while advocating in podcasts, industry panels, and schools for diversity and equity in the video game industry.
Muriel Tramis, director of adventure games at Coktel Vision and recipient of France's Legion of Honour.
Joyce Weisbecker, first woman to design commercial video games, creating several games for the RCA Studio II console in 1976.
Roberta Williams, American video game designer and writer and a co-founder of Sierra On-Line (later known as Sierra Entertainment). She is known for her pioneering work in the field of graphic adventure games, with titles such as Mystery House, the King's Quest series, and Phantasmagoria, and is viewed as one of the most influential PC game designers of the eighties and nineties. She has been credited with creating the graphic adventure genre.
Brianna Wu, game developer and co-founder of Giant Spacecat, and, in wake of the Gamergate controversy, has entered into politics to try to address issues raised during Gamergate.
Michiru Yamane, Japanese video game composer known for her work with Konami and the Castlevania series.
Corrinne Yu, American game programmer who started her career with the King's Quest series for the Apple II. Yu wrote the original engine for the Spec Ops series, and was a founding member of Microsoft's Direct 3D Advisory Board.
Jen Zee, art director for Supergiant Games.
Others
Tina Amini, IGN editor-in-chief
Amber Dalton, professional gamer
Tanya DePass, founder of I Need Diverse Games
Kate Edwards, geography game content and ex-executive director of the International Game Developers Association (IGDA)
Megan Fox, founder of Glass Bottom Games
Keisha Howard, founder of Sugar Gamers
Nicole Lazzaro, founder of XEOPlay and XEODesign
Holly Liu, lead designer of Kingdoms of Camelot and founder of Kabam
Nika Nour, executive director of IGDA
Veronica Ripley, founder of Transmission Gaming
References
Video games
Lists of women by occupation
Daniel Boone is an American action-adventure television series starring Fess Parker as Daniel Boone that aired from September 24, 1964, to May 7, 1970, on NBC for 165 episodes, and was produced by 20th Century Fox Television, Arcola Enterprises, and Fespar Corp. Ed Ames co-starred as Mingo, Boone's Cherokee friend, for the first four seasons of the series. Albert Salmi portrayed Boone's companion Yadkin in season one only. Country Western singer-actor Jimmy Dean was a featured actor as Josh Clements during the 1968–1970 seasons. Actor and former NFL football player Rosey Grier made regular appearances as Gabe Cooper in the 1969 to 1970 season. The show was broadcast "in living color" beginning in fall 1965, the second season, and was shot entirely in California and Kanab, Utah. The show was highly fictionalized with very little historical accuracy.
An earlier television series based on Daniel Boone appeared on the Walt Disney Presents anthology in 1960, with Dewey Martin as Boone.
Characters
Main characters
Daniel Boone – The title character of the series, played by Fess Parker
Rebecca Boone - Daniel's wife, played by Patricia Blair
Jemima Boone - Boone's daughter, played by Veronica Cartwright (Season 1-2)
Israel Boone - Boone's son, played by Darby Hinton
Mingo - Boone's companion and an Oxford-educated half-British Native American - played by Ed Ames (Seasons 1-4)
Recurring characters
Cincinnatus - The store-keeper and a fixture of Boonsborough village life, played by Dallas McKennon.
Episodes
Background
Daniel Boone was one of two significant historical figures played by Fess Parker. He previously appeared as Davy Crockett in a series of episodes of the Walt Disney anthology television series, to considerable acclaim amid the launch of a national craze. For his role as Boone, which lasted much longer, but had far less impact, Parker again wore a coonskin cap, which had been popularized years earlier by the Crockett shows. Daniel Boone's headgear was even mentioned in the show's theme song: "From the coonskin cap on the top of ol' Dan....". Efforts had been made to secure the rights to Crockett from Walt Disney, but Disney refused to sell, so the series wound up being about Boone instead.
In contrast, Parker's Boone was less of an explorer and more a family man than Parker's Crockett. Parker as Crockett also generally wore a light beard, whereas his Boone was predominantly clean-shaven. Boone's wife Rebecca (played by Patricia Blair) and son Israel (Darby Hinton) were often featured in the stories. In reality, Boone had 10 children. During the first two seasons, his daughter Jemima was shown (played by Veronica Cartwright), but she disappeared with no explanation toward the end of the second season. Western actor Chris Alcaide appeared twice on the series, once as an Indian, Flathead Joseph. Walter Coy made his last major television appearance in 1970 on Daniel Boone in the role of Chief Blackfish. Rico Alaniz played the Indian Crooked Hand in the 1969 episode "The Allies". Med Flory was cast in seven episodes, the last three in the role of the drifter Bingen.
The series is set in the 1770s and 1780s, just before, during, and after the American Revolution, and mostly centered on adventures in and about Boonesborough, Kentucky. Some aspects of the show were less than historically faithful, which at one point led the Kentucky legislature to condemn the inaccuracies. The series' story line does not follow historical events; instead, story lines run back and forth concerning historical events .
Inconsistencies include episodes such as "The Aaron Burr Story," a second-season episode in which the former Vice President of the United States visits Boonesborough. The episode was based on Burr's raising an armed group, allegedly to commit treason, in 1806. Meanwhile, another episode in the second season hinged on allegations that the Boonesborough settlers were planning insurrection against the British Crown, prior to the American Revolution. Still other episodes took place during the Revolutionary War. No explanation was made for the 30-year discrepancy.
The character Caramingo, shortened to Mingo, was half-Cherokee, but highly educated somewhat in the Tonto mold, but with updated sensibilities and English descent through his father, the fourth Earl of Dunmore. (The 12th Earl now lives in Tasmania, Australia.). (A graduate of Oxford University, Mingo passed as a British officer in at least two episodes, and sang opera in another.) In reality, the Mingo were a small group of natives (and not one man) who were related to the Iroquois. (However, from the native perspective, mingo is a word for "chief" in the Choctaw native language; in Chickasaw, minko is the word for "chief"). Ames also portrayed Mingo's evil twin brother, Taramingo, in "My Brother's Keeper". His role as Mingo led to a famous tomahawk-throwing demonstration on The Tonight Show, that was rerun on anniversary clip shows for decades afterward, in which Ames threw a tomahawk at a target of a man and the hatchet landed between the cutout's legs, much to host Johnny Carson's amusement; this incident was later spoofed in a 1980 episode of SCTV.
Mingo's character resembles Joseph Brant; Brant was a Mohawk Indian, who became a captain in the British Army. His sister, Molly, was the consort of Sir William Johnson, of Johnstown, Montgomery County, New York. Johnson took an interest in Molly's younger brother, acting as a surrogate father, and sent him to Moore's Indian Charity School, the precursor to Dartmouth College. Brant was, therefore, well educated for men of his time, and exceptionally well educated for a Mohawk. A project in later years was to work on a Mohawk translation of the Bible. Brant's parents were both American Indians, unlike Mingo. Brant, despite his role in the American Revolution, is largely unknown outside Central New York, although he is a national hero in Canada. In Ontario, along Lake Ontario's shores, between Toronto and Niagara Falls, a town and hospital are named after him. A replica of his Canadian home is located next to Joseph Brant Memorial Hospital.
Any similarities possibly are coincidental. Boone's character needed an American Indian companion, and as the show was produced in the United States, the character needed to support the rebelling colonists to be believable as Boone's friend. Giving Mingo an education, a better one, incidentally, than Fess Parker's Boone, distanced Mingo from the traditional Western violent, uneducated savage stereotype. If creators were unaware of Moore's Indian Charity School, a British father would have been the easiest way to explain Mingo's background. Status in some Indian tribes is through women. An Indian mother and a British officer father provided status in both worlds. Nothing indicates that Brant was the basis for Mingo, and differences are notable, starting with Brant's stance as a Loyalist, but Mingo closely resembles Brant. (In many ways, having an educated background and a European father was more similar to another Iroquois diplomat, John "Cornplanter" Abeel, the son of a Seneca mother and a Dutch-American father, descended from colonial politician Johannes Abeel.)
One oddity to the show was that Parker's Boone rarely used a horse for transportation. He instead walked to his destinations, sometimes incurring interstate travel.
Production
Parts of the series were filmed in Kane County, Utah.
Music
The show's main title featured three versions of the theme song written by Vera Matson and Lionel Newman (although the lyrics were written by Ken Darby, credited under the name of his wife Matson). The third "groovy version" was sung by The Imperials.
Release
Home media
Liberation Entertainment (distributed by Goldhil Home Media) released all six seasons on DVD in Region 1 for the first time between 2006 and 2008.
On September 23, 2014, 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment released Daniel Boone- The Complete Series: 50th Anniversary Collector's Edition on DVD in Region 1 via amazon.com's CreateSpace program. This is a manufacture-on-demand release, available exclusively through amazon.com.
On January 8, 2016, it was announced that Shout! Factory had acquired the rights to the series in Region 1. They have subsequently released new collector's editions of the first five seasons on DVD. The sixth and final season will be re-released on December 19, 2017.
Syndication
As of August 2022, Daniel Boone airs on INSP. The series is also occasionally aired on over-the-air broadcast channels Heroes & Icons and Decades in weekend binge blocks.
See also
List of Daniel Boone episodes
Cumberland Gap
Dragging Canoe
Elizabethton, Tennessee
Fort Watauga
Richard Henderson
Sycamore Shoals
Transylvania Purchase
Watauga River
The Wilderness Road
Young Dan'l Boone
References
External links
Daniel Boone TV Series
1964 American television series debuts
Television series about the American Revolution
Period family drama television series
NBC original programming
Television series by 20th Century Fox Television
1970 American television series endings
Television shows set in Kentucky
Cultural depictions of Daniel Boone
Television series set in the 18th century
Television series about the history of the United States
English-language television shows
American folklore films and television series
Television shows filmed in Utah
Television shows filmed in California
Television shows adapted into comics
American action adventure television series
Glaphyria potentalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
References
Moths described in 1914
Glaphyriini
Josephine McClements is a former camogie player, winner of the Gradam Tailte award for skill tests in 1982.
Career
She was the playmaker for the Antrim team defeated in the 1973 All Ireland final by Cork and returned to win an Ireland medal in Antrim's 1979 defeat of Tipperary.
References
Living people
Antrim camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Barricade Books is an independent publishing company specializing in non-fiction titles and featuring biography, memoir, including holocaust memoirs, and true crime and Mafia titles.
History
The genesis for Barricade Books was Lyle Stuart Inc., founded by Lyle Stuart (1922-2006), the publisher of such titles as Naked Came the Stranger, Ordeal by Linda Lovelace, and The Sensuous Woman by "J". Stuart developed a reputation for taking on controversial titles.
One of the publisher's most controversial titles was The Anarchist Cookbook, released in 1970, which included recipes for making bombs.
In 1989, the Barricade Books imprint was established. In 1995, Barricade Books published the bestseller The Housekeeper's Diary by Wendy Berry. The violently racist anti-government novel The Turner Diaries, by Andrew Macdonald, was published in 1996. A bestseller, Sex and the Single Girl by Helen Gurley Brown and originally published by Bernard Geis Associates, was republished by Barricade in 2002.
In 1997, the publisher was forced into bankruptcy by a $3.1 million libel judgment arising from a lawsuit filed by Steve Wynn over the biography Running Scared by John L. Smith. The company continued to publish and the judgment was eventually reversed.
Upon Lyle Stuart's death in 2006, his wife Carole Stuart became publisher. She had previously worked in a variety of departments for Lyle Stuart Inc. and Barricade Books. In 2018, Carole Stuart sold Barricade to Jonathan Bernstein.
Notable authors
Other notable titles include a memoir by Avery Corman, My Old Neighborhood Remembered; a memoir by the attorney Raoul Felder, Reflections in a Mirror; Bruce Mowday's Pickett's Charge, The Untold Story; a biography of mob daughter Susan Berman, Murder of a Mafia Daughter, by Cathy Scott; and Bent Corydon's biography/exposé of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard, which Corydon titled L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman?
References
External links
Official web site
Interview of Carole Stuart, Publisher of Barricade Books
Book publishing companies based in New Jersey
Publishing companies established in 1989
Companies based in New Jersey
Publishing companies of the United States
Wahpeton may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy:
, a United States Navy tugs in commission from 1946, reclassified YTM-527 in 1962, and stricken in 1985
, a United States Navy tug acquired in 1968 and sold in 1974
United States Navy ship names
Tom Daly may refer to:
Tom Daly (catcher) (1891–1946), American baseball catcher for the Chicago White Sox, Cleveland Indians, and Chicago Cubs, and Boston Red Sox coach, 1933–1946
Tom Daly (infielder) (1866–1938), American baseball second baseman for the Chicago Cubs, Washington Nationals, Brooklyn Dodgers, Chicago White Sox, and Cincinnati Reds
Tom Daly (filmmaker) (1918–2011), Canadian film producer
Tom Daly (basketball) (born 1991), Australian basketball player
Tom Daly (American politician) (born 1954), American politician in California
Tom Daly (Irish politician) (born 1938), Irish nationalist politician
Tommy Daly (1894–1936), Irish hurler
Tom Daly (rugby union) (born 1993), Irish rugby player
See also
Thomas Daly (disambiguation)
Tom Daley (disambiguation)
Seventy Two and Sunny is Uncle Kracker's third studio album, released on Lava Records on June 29, 2004. It is Uncle Kracker's first album not to receive a parental advisory sticker and to feature no rap songs. It is also his last to be released on Lava Records.
Critical reception
Seventy Two and Sunny was met with "mixed or average" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 52 based on 8 reviews.
Among the positive reviews is Chuck Kosterman's take in Spin Magazine, where he writes" You'd have to work pretty hard not to like these songs, though I'm sure some people will try", a reference to the fact that Uncle Kracker was never a critic's darling, despite his record sales. In a review AllMusic, John Luerssen noted the album is "largely absent of originality", while going on to say "like the bulk of Uncle Kracker's second musical helping, it's dang hard to swallow." David Browne's mixed review in Entertainment Weekly said: "Kracker now sees himself as a scruffy Nashville troubadour, and on his third CD, he pulls off the conceit far better than [Kid] Rock has". On a critical note, Brown adds "Kracker's voice is too banal - and his material too mundane - to cut as deeply as his rural heroes."
Track listing
Personnel
Uncle Kracker – lead vocals
Mike Bradford – banjo, bass guitar, dobro, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, pedal steel guitar, piano, keyboards, drums, background vocals
Laurie Melanson – dobro, acoustic guitar, harmonica, hi–string guitar
Frank J. Myers – acoustic guitar, background vocals
Dan Dugmore – pedal steel guitar
Brent Mason – electric guitar
Eric Gorfain – violin
John Catchings – cello
Larry Paxton – double bass
Richard Baker – piano
Jerome Day – drums
Eddie Bayers – drums
Russ Kunkel – drums
Annie Ree Bradford – introduction vocals
Kenny Chesney – lead vocals on "Last Night Again"
Bret Michaels – background vocals on "Last Night Again"
Phil Vassar – piano and background vocals on "Writing It Down"
Charts
References
External links
Official Uncle Kracker website
Uncle Kracker albums
2004 albums
Lava Records albums
Country albums by American artists
The discography of stand-up comedian Bill Hicks.
Official albums
Dangerous (1990) Recorded 1990, Caroline's, New York City, New York
Relentless (1992) Recorded December 14–17, 1991 (Different night than film recording of same name)
Arizona Bay (1997) Recorded November 22, 1992 - June, 1993 Laff Stop, Austin, TX
Rant in E-Minor (1997) Recorded November 1992 - December 1993
Philosophy: The Best of Bill Hicks (2001) Compilation
Love, Laughter and Truth (2002) Recorded 1990-93
Flying Saucer Tour Vol. 1 (2002) Recorded June 20, 1991, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Shock and Awe (2003) Abridged. Recorded November 11, 1992, Oxford Playhouse, Oxford, England
Salvation (2005) Unabridged. Recorded November 11, 1992, Oxford Playhouse, Oxford, England
The Essential Collection (2010)
12/16/61 (2011) Digital EP. Five tracks from when he was 21.
Arizona Bay Extended (2015)
Flying Saucer Tour Vol. 2 (2015. San Ramon, California 1992. Included in The Complete Collection)
Early Bill Hicks (2015. Amarillo '85. Included in The Complete Collection)
Queen's Theatre Early Show (2015. UK tour, 1991. Included in The Complete Collection)
Queen's Theatre Late Show (2015. UK tour, 1991. Included in The Complete Collection)
Rant in E-Minor Variation (2016)
Revelations Live In London (2017) Record Store Day 2017 Release. Recorded 29 November 1992, Dominion Theatre, London
Flying Saucer Tour Vol. 3 (2018) Recorded June 20, 1993, West Palm Beach, FL, USA.
Revelations: Variations (2019) Record Store Day 2019 Release. Extended length recording from the same performance as Revelations Live In London 2017 release.
Video releases
Sane Man (VHS: 1989; DVD: 2005; Netflix as of September 2017) (DVD includes a remastered and completely uncut version)
One-Night Stand (VHS: 1991; DVD: 2002; Netflix as of January 2019)
Ninja Bachelor Party (VHS: 1991; DVD: 2010, in The Essential Collection)
Relentless (VHS: 1992; DVD: 2006; Netflix as of January 2019)
Revelations (VHS: 1993; Netflix as of September 2017)
American: The Bill Hicks Story (DVD: 2010)
Video releases in Complete Collection
Live at Comix Annex Houston '81
Live at Comix Annex Houston '84
Live in Indianapolis '85
Live at Comix Annex Houston '86 show 1
Live at Comix Annex Houston '86 show 2
The Early Years TV Interview
The Outlaw Comics
The Outlaw Comics Interview
Sane Man
Live at Funny Firm Chicago '89 (previously unreleased)
Live at Loonees Colorado Springs '90 (previously unreleased)
Live at Igby's Los Angeles '90 (previously unreleased)
Live at Igby's Los Angeles '93 (previously unreleased official, also known as Bill's Last Performance)
Relentless
Reflections (30-minute documentary played before Relentless movie in theatres from April 2015)
One-Night Stand
Ninja Bachelor Party
Live at Zanies Nashville '91 (previously unreleased)
Live at Punch Line San Francisco '91 (previously unreleased)
Totally Bill Hicks (It's Just a Ride and Revelations)
Live at the Laff Stop Austin, November '91 (Clips, not a full show)
Live at the Laff Stop Austin, December '92 (Clips, not a full show)
Live at the Laff Stop Austin, June '93 (Clips, not a full show)
Live at the Laff Stop Austin, October '93 (Clips, not a full show)
Compilations
Totally Bill Hicks (UK only) (VHS: 1994; DVD: 2002) (comprises the documentary It's Just a Ride and a live performance, Revelations)
Bill Hicks Live: Satirist, Social Critic, Stand Up Comedian (DVD: 2004) (comprises One-Night Stand, Relentless, "It's Just a Ride" and Revelations)
Bill Hicks: The Complete Collection (2015) A 6 DVD and 12 CD anthology. Includes a total of 24 shows on the DVDs including 6 from previously unreleased footage. Also included are 4 previously unreleased CDs and a 48-page photo book.
Other releases
1988: Comedy's Dirtiest A Dozen (concert film)
2003: Outlaw Comic: The Censoring of Bill Hicks
2004: Bill Hicks: Slight Return
Bootlegs
This is an incomplete list of bootlegs, which can or may never satisfy any subjective standard for completeness. Revisions and additions are welcome.
Audio bootlegs
The Beginning (1973) (Hicks at 12 years old. The other voice is Dwight Slade, his childhood comedic partner)
Austin, TX, USA (1989) [known as Sane Man]
Chicago, IL, USA (1989)
Chicago, IL, USA (1990)
Chicago, IL, USA (1991)
The Funny Firm, Chicago, IL, USA (1990)
Chicago, IL, USA (1989) [known as I'm Sorry Folks, the infamous "Hicks-Loses-It" show]
Relentless In Montreal (1992)
Toronto, Canada (Mar. 15, 1992) [known as Dark Poet]
Egham Hall, Surrey, England (May 16, 1992) [known as New College]
Queen's Theatre, London, England - Early Show (May 17, 1992)
Queen's Theatre, London, England - Late Show (May 17, 1992)
Brighton, England (Nov. 11, 1992)
The Lost Hour (Oct. 5, 1993)
Igby's, Los Angeles, CA, USA (Nov. 17, 1993) [known as Filling Up The Hump]
Video bootlegs
Bill Hicks - Houston 1981 - At the ANNEX Comedy Club (At 20 years old)
Bill Hicks - Houston 1984 - At the ANNEX Comedy Club (At 23 years old)
Bill Hicks - Indianapolis 1985 (At 24 years old)
Bill Hicks - Houston 1986 - The Early Years (At 25 years old)
Bill Hicks - Chicago 1989 (the infamous 'Bill loses it' show - later released as I'm Sorry, Folks)
Bill Hicks - Chicago 1990 - At The Funny Firm
Bill Hicks - Adult Video Awards 1990
Bill Hicks - Austin Texas Laff Stop 1993
Bill Hicks - Los Angeles - Igby's 1993
Bill Hicks' Last Show - Jan 5th, 1994
Audio interviews
Comedy Hour (1988)
Comedy Hour (1990)
College Radio (1990)
Comedy Hour (1992)
Comedy Hour (1992)
Comedy Hour (1993)
The Howard Stern Show (1993)
TV interviews
Hicks' last interview, Dave Prewitt interview on CapZeyeZ (Austin Public Access) 1993.
See also
HBO One-Night Stand
Discographies of American artists
Comedian discographies
A turma (Latin for "swarm, squadron", plural turmae), (Greek: τούρμα) was a cavalry unit in the Roman army of the Republic and Empire. In the Byzantine Empire, it became applied to the larger, regiment-sized military-administrative divisions of a thema. The word is often translated as "squadron" but so is the term ala, a unit that was made up of several turmae.
Roman army
Republic
In the 3rd and 2nd centuries BC, the time of the Punic Wars and Rome's expansion into Spain and Greece, the core of the Roman army was formed by citizens, augmented by contingents from Rome's allies (socii). The organization of the Roman legion of the period is described by the Greek historian Polybius (cf. the so-called "Polybian army"), who writes that each 4,200-strong infantry legion was accompanied by 300 citizen cavalry (equites). This contingent was divided into ten turmae. According to Polybius, the squadron members would elect as their officers 3 decuriones ("leaders of 10 men"), of whom the first to be chosen would act as the squadron's commander and the other two as his deputies. As in earlier times, these men were drawn from among the 18 centuriae of the equestrian order, the wealthiest classes of the Roman people, who could afford to provide for the horse and its equipment themselves.
Empire
With the reorganization of the army under Emperor Augustus (r. 27 BC – 14 AD) and his successors, the turma became the basic sub-unit of the cavalry, the rough equivalent of the infantry centuria, both in the auxiliaries, who formed the bulk of the Roman cavalry, and in the legionary cavalry detachments. The auxiliary cohors equitata was a mixed unit combining infantry and cavalry, and existed in two types: the cohors equitata quingenaria, with an infantry cohort of 480 men and 4 turmae of cavalry, and the reinforced cohors equitata milliaria, with 800 infantry and 8 turmae. Likewise, the pure cavalry alae contained either 16 (ala quingenaria) or 24 turmae (ala milliaria). Individual turmae of camel-riders (dromedarii) also appear among cohortes equitatae in the Middle East, and Emperor Trajan (r. 98–117) established the first all-camel cavalry unit, the Ala I Ulpia dromedariorum Palmyrenorum.
The turma was still commanded by a decurio, aided by two subaltern principales (under-officers), a sesquiplicarius (soldier with one-and-a-half times pay) and a duplicarius (soldier with double pay), as well as a signifer or vexillarius (a standard-bearer, cf. vexillum). These ranks corresponded respectively with the infantry's tesserarius (officer of the watch), optio, and signifer. The exact size of the turma under the Principate, however, is unclear: 30 men was the norm in the Republican army and apparently in the cohortes equitatae, but not for the alae. The De Munitionibus Castrorum, for instance, records that a cohors equitata milliaria numbered exactly 240 troopers, i.e. 30 men per turma, but also gives the number of horses for the ala milliaria, composed of 24 turmae, at 1000. If one subtracts the extra horses of the officers (two for a decurio, one for each of the two subaltern under-officers), one is left with 832 horses, which does not divide evenly with 24. At the same time, Arrian explicitly says that the ala quingenaria counted 512 men, suggesting a size of 32 men for each turma.
As for the legions, during the Principate, each had a cavalry contingent organized in four turmae. A legionary turma was led by a centurion, assisted by an optio and a vexillarius as senior principales. Each of them led a file of ten troopers, for a grand total of 132 horsemen in each legion. Their status was distinctly inferior to that of the legionary infantry: the centurions and principales of the legionary turmae were classed as supernumerarii and although their men were included in the legionary cohort lists, they camped separately from them.
In the late Roman army, the turma and its structure were retained, with changes in titelature only: the turma was still headed by a decurio, who also led the first ten-strong file, while the other two files were led by subaltern catafractarii, in essence the successors of the early Empire's duplicarii and sesquiplicarii. Traces of this structure also apparently survived in the 6th-century East Roman army: in the late-6th-century Strategikon of Maurice, the cavalry files are led by a dekarchos (, "leader of ten").
Byzantine Empire
In the 7th century, as a result of the crisis caused by the early Muslim conquests, the Byzantine military and administrative system was reformed: the old late Roman division between military and civil administration was abandoned, and the remains of the East Roman army's field armies were settled in great districts, the themata, that were named after them. The term turma, in its Greek transcription tourma (τούρμα or ), reappears at that time as the major subdivision of a thema. The army of each thema (except for the Optimatoi) was divided into two to four tourmai, and each tourma further into a number of moirai (μοίραι) or droungoi (), which in turn were composed of several banda (singular: bandon, βάνδον, from , "banner").
This division was carried through to the territorial administration of each thema: tourmai and banda (but not the moirai/droungoi) were identified with clearly defined districts which served as their garrison and recruitment areas. In his Taktika, Emperor Leo VI the Wise () presents an idealized thema as consisting of three tourmai, each divided into three droungoi, etc. This picture, however, is misleading, as the sources do not support any degree of uniformity in size or number of subdivisions in the different themata, nor indeed an exact correspondence of the territorial with the tactical divisions: depending on the tactical exigencies, smaller administrative tourmai could be joined together on campaign and larger ones broken up. Since the elementary unit, the bandon, could itself number between 200 and 400 men, the tourma too could reach up to 6000 men, although 2–5000 seems to have been the norm between the seventh and early tenth centuries.
Each tourma was usually headed by a tourmarchēs (τουρμάρχης, "commander of a tourma"). In some cases, however, an ek prosōpou, a temporary representative of the governing stratēgos of each thema, could be appointed instead. The title first appears in circa 626, when a certain George was tourmarchēs of the Armeniac Theme. The tourmarchēs was usually based in a fortress town. Aside from his military responsibilities, he exercised fiscal and judicial duties in the area under his control. In the lists of offices (taktika) and seals, tourmarchai usually hold the ranks of spatharokandidatos, spatharios or kandidatos. In function and rank, the tourmarchēs corresponded with the topotērētēs of the professional imperial tagmata regiments. The tourmarchai were paid according to the importance of their thema: those of the more prestigious Anatolian themes received 216 gold nomismata annually, while those of the European themes received 144 nomismata, the same amount paid to the droungarioi and the other senior officers of the thema. In some sources, the earlier term merarchēs (μεράρχης, "commander of a meros, division"), which occupied a similar hierarchical position in the 6th–7th centuries, is used interchangeably with tourmarchēs. In the 9th–10th centuries, it is often found in the variant form meriarchēs (μεριάρχης). It has, however, also been suggested by scholars like J. B. Bury and John Haldon that the latter was a distinct post, held by the tourmarchēs attached to the governing stratēgos of each thema and residing at the thematic capital.
In the mid-10th century, the average size of most units fell. In the case of the tourma, it dropped from 2–3000 men to 1000 men and less, in essence to the level of the earlier droungos, although larger tourmai are still recorded. It is probably no coincidence that the term "droungos" disappears from use at around that time. Consequently, the tourma was divided directly into five to seven bandas, each of 50–100 cavalry or 200–400 infantry. The term tourma itself fell gradually into disuse in the 11th century, but survived at least until the end of the 12th century as an administrative term. Tourmarchai are still attested in the first half of the 11th century, but the title seems to have fallen out of use thereafter.
References
Sources
Cavalry units and formations of ancient Rome
Military units and formations of the Byzantine Empire
Military units and formations of the Roman Republic
Military units and formations of the Roman Empire
Military units and formations by size
František Chládek (born 9 May 1958) is a Czech biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Czech male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Czechoslovakia
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
People from Vsetín
Sportspeople from the Zlín Region
Mystery of the Snow Pearls () is a 1985 adventure module for the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. Its associated code is CM5 and the TSR product number is TSR 9154.
Synopsis
Mystery of the Snow Pearls is a solo adventure scenario for one player character who will need to answer the riddles of an evil mage to get back the magic pearl that keeps the character's village safe; the adventure can also be adapted to use with a party of player characters.
The player character is a Companion level elf, responsible for safeguarding one of the four, magical pearls that protect the land of Tarylon. Milgo, an evil wizard with a sense of humour, challenges the elf to find and return the lost item. Without it, the entire region is threatened.
This adventure includes a piece of colored film known as a "Magic Viewer" that allows the players to read the hidden results of their choices in the text. This includes encounters, puzzles, and traps.
Publication history
Mystery of the Snow Pearls was written by Anne Gray McCready, with a cover by Larry Elmore, and was published by TSR in 1985 as a 32-page booklet with an outer folder, and also includes a large map and colored film.
Reception
See also
List of Dungeons & Dragons modules
Further reading
Review: The V.I.P. of Gaming Magazine #2 (1986)
References
External links
The "CM" modules from The Acaeum
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Mystara
Al-Nimr Palace is a vast seventeenth-century palace in Nablus, set in a Palestinian enclave in the West Bank. It is located in the northeastern side of the Habla neighborhood and was originally commissioned by Abdullah Pasha al-Nimr, leader of the Ottoman military campaigns, sent to suppress local strife and secure the region. Abdullah Pasha who was subsequently appointed governor of Nablus and guarantor of Karak Castle was the founder of a palace-based Nablus ruler dynasty.
Palace building
As for the building, it consists of two parts, a northern section, which is the summer palace, and a southern one, which is the large palace to which a large entrance leads, and at the same time, each of them consists of two floors: where the first is an open yard, a pool of water, and horse stables, and the second consists of a large group of rooms divided into two wings: one for the harem, and one for the men.
The traveler, Sheikh Abd al-Ghani al-Nabulsi, of Damascene origin, visited the palace in the year 1101 AH/1671 CE, and he was hosted by the city's recipient at that time, Ali al-Sharbaji "Al-Nimr". Sheikh Nabulsi described the palace as beautiful.
References
Buildings and structures in Nablus
Culture of Jerusalem
Palaces in the State of Palestine
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Ishikawa Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 4.4 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has one island platform. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Ishikawa Station was opened on January 26, 1952 as , with the opening of the Kōnan Railway. It was renamed to its present name on April 1, 1986.
Surrounding area
It is located approximately a kilometer away from the JR East Ishikawa Station on the Ōu Main Line.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
A Partimento (from the Italian: partimento, plural partimenti) is a sketch (often a bass line), written out on a single staff, whose main purpose is to be a guide for the improvisation ("realization") of a composition at the keyboard. A Partimento differs from a basso continuo accompaniment in that it is a basis for a complete composition. Partimenti were central to the training of European musicians from the late 1600s until the early 1800s. They were developed in the Italian conservatories, especially at the music conservatories of Naples, and later at the Paris Conservatory, which emulated the Neapolitan conservatories.
Concept
Giorgio Sanguinetti wrote that it was not easy to explain what was a partimento. It was not a basso continuo, for it did not accompany another part. It was not a figured bass, for Neapolitan partimenti were rarely figured. While a bass, it could as well be a soprano or other voice. Though written, its goal was improvisation. And, although it was an exercise in composition, it was also an art form in its own right.
History
Beginnings
Partimenti evolved in the late 17th century in educational milieus in Bologna, Rome, and Naples, originally out of the tradition of organ and harpsichord improvisation. The earliest dated collection of partimenti with a known author is attributed to Bernardo Pasquini in the first decade of the 18th century.
Golden age
The golden age of partimento was presided over by Francesco Durante and Leonardo Leo, the 2nd generation of Neapolitan masters. Many important Italian composers emerged from the musical institutions in Naples, Bologna, and Milan, such as Giovanni Battista Pergolesi, Giuseppe Verdi, Domenico Cimarosa, Vincenzo Bellini, Gaetano Donizetti, Gaspare Spontini and Gioachino Rossini.
Partimenti collections in Germany
The Langloz manuscript, a collection of preludes and fugues that possibly represent the pedagogical and compositional method of Johann Sebastian Bach, is regarded as a collection of German partimenti. Princess Anne's music lessons with Georg Frideric Handel included the use of partimenti exercises. Other collections of German partimenti include Johann Mattheson's forty-eight Probestücke from his Exemplarische Organisten-Probe and Gottfried Kirchhoff's collection of preludes and fugues.
Influence on Paris Conservatory
The Paris Conservatory was greatly influenced by the music conservatories of Naples. Much of the Neapolitan syllabus was renamed "Harmony" at the Paris Conservatory, which included improvising "practical harmony" with partimenti played at a piano, and "harmony" as a written subject where additional voices were added to a given voice such as a bass or soprano. The resulting multi-voice counterpoint in Soprano, Alto, Tenor and Bass clefs were called a realization (réalisation). A student would begin by playing basic material as a 10- or 11 year-old but would eventually mature to write complicated four-voice counterpoint full of distant modulations and chromatic embellishments. François Bazin was a teacher of harmony at the Paris conservatory and many of his lessons were still titled "partimenti".
Revival in the 21st century
The rediscovery of the partimento tradition in modern research since around 2000 has enabled new ways of looking at the musical education and composing practice in the 18th and 19th centuries, nurturing musical creativity beyond mere partimento realizations. Influential monographs concerning partimento include Robert O. Gjerdingen's Music in the Galant Style (2007) and Giorgio Sanguinetti's The Art of Partimento (2012). Partimenti gained increased recognition due to being part of Alma Deutscher's early musical training, with her studies with Tobias Cramm and Robert Gjerdingen.
Partimento rules
Several Neapolitan teachers such as Fedele Fenaroli, Giovanni Furno and Giaocomo Insanguine published collections of regole (rules) and partimenti that were popular pedagogical materials across Europe. In particular, Fenaroli's Regole enjoyed a long publishing life, from the first edition 1775 to the final edition in 1930.
Partimenti were typically used as exercises to train conventional models of voice leading, harmony, and musical form, such as the so-called rule of the octave (the harmonized scale), cadences and sequences (the movimenti, or moti del basso). The beginners' partimenti treatises usually present rules, which are then followed by exercises of increasing difficulty, presenting figured bass as well as unfigured bass lines, and culminating in the advanced exercises of imitative partimenti and partimento fugues.
Consonances and dissonances
Music is composed of consonances and dissonances.
Consonances
The four consonances are the 3rd, 5th, 6th and 8th. The 5th and 8th are perfect consonances because one cannot make distinctions between them by expanding them with a sharp or diminishing them with a flat. The 3rd and 6th are considered imperfect consonances because one can make distinctions between them.
There is a prohibition against two octaves or two fifths moving in parallel because, due to their perfection, they create no variation in harmony, and these [perfect intervals] are the fundamental basses that rule the key.
Dissonances
The four dissonances are the 2nd, 4th, 7th and 9th. They were invented to make the consonances sound more beautiful. These cannot be used unless prepared by a preceding consonance and subsequently resolved to one of the aforementioned consonances.
Essential foundations of the key
The essential foundations of the key or rule of the scale steps tell the student how to distribute chords over scale degrees, separate from the rule of the octave.
One can give an 8ve to all the degrees of the key, as well as to their consonances, provided that one does not create parallel 8ves, seeing that two 5ths or 8ves, whether above or below, by step or by skip, the one after the other, are prohibited because they make bad harmony.
① takes a 3rd, 5th.
② takes a minor 3rd, 4th and major 6th.
③ takes a 3rd and 6th. Both of them should be minor if the said ③ is major. If, on the other hand, the said ③ is minor, then it takes the major 3rd and major 6th, and this comes about naturally.
④ takes a 3rd and 5th. Whenever the ④ ascends to the ⑤, it [④] can take the 6th in addition to the 3rd and 5th. And if ④ descends from ⑤, then stay with the same consonances as for the said ⑤, which become in turn a 2nd, major [=augmented] 4th, and 6th.
⑤ takes a major 3rd and 5th. Give a minor seventh to a ⑤ that returns to the ①. This seventh cannot rise, but must resolve by falling to the third of the ①.
⑥ takes a 3rd, and 6th. When ⑥ is major and descends to ⑤, then it is better to use a major 6th in the accompaniment, because it makes better harmony. And one can add to ⑥, as if it were ②, by giving it a 3rd, a 4th, and a major 6th. But if the ⑥ neither ascends to ⑦ nor descends to ①, then give it a 3rd and 5th.
⑦ takes a 3rd and 6th. Both of them should be minor if the said ⑦ is major. If, on the other hand, the ⑦ is minor, then the 3rd and the 6th in the accompaniment should both be major, and this comes about naturally. Give a diminished fifth to a ⑦ rising to the ①, in addition to the 3rd and 6th. This diminished fifth cannot rise, but must also resolve by falling to the third of the ①.
Cadences
A cadence is when the bass goes from ① to ⑤, and [then] from ⑤ to ①. There are three types of cadences: Simple, Compound and Double.
Simple cadence
A simple cadence is when one gives the bass the simple consonances required by both ① and ⑤. That is, the ① takes the 3rd and 5th, and the ⑤ takes the major 3rd and 5th.
Compound cadence
A compound cadence is when, above ⑤, one makes a dissonance of a 4th prepared by the 8ve of ① and resolved to the major 3rd of ⑤.
Double cadence
A double cadence is when, above ⑤, one puts the major 3rd and 5th, the 6th and 4th, the 5th and 4th, and then the major 3rd and 5th.
Rule of the octave
After learning cadences, students at the Neapolitan conservatories were immediately taught the rule of the octave, or scale as they were termed in Naples.
Major mode
Rule of the octave ascending in G major, in 1st position.
Rule of the octave descending in G major, in 1st position.
Minor mode
Rule of the octave ascending in G minor, in 1st position.
Rule of the octave descending in G minor, in 1st position.
Suspensions
According to partimento theory, it is only suspensions that are deemed to be dissonances.
Bass motions
In addition to the rule of the octave, bass motions are fundamental to partimento theory. The ability to identify bass motions in a partimento allows the performer to choose appropriate chords. Bass motions move in a conjunct (stepwise, including chromatic) motion or disjunct motion (sequences).
Rises by a 3rd and falls by a step
Falls by a 3rd and rises by a step
Rises by a 4th and falls by a 3rd
Falls by a 4th and rises by a step
Rises by a 4th and falls by a 5th
Falls by a 5th and rises by a 4th
Rises by a 5th and falls by a 4th
Rises by a 6th and falls by a 5th
Falls by semitone
Rises by semitone
Falls with ties
Diminution
The art of turning a basic, slow melody into a more florid, rapid one is called diminution.
Imitation
Imitation works to improve a basic accompaniment-like realization into a more proper composition. It is also an important preparatory training for partimento fugues.
Partimento fugues
The culmination of partimento training is the realization of partimento fugues.
Partimento and counterpoint
Partimenti were also used as bass lines in written counterpoint exercises, over which students wrote two-, three, and four-part “disposizione” (multistave settings).
Notable collections of partimenti
Notable partimento collections were written by Alessandro Scarlatti, Francesco Durante, Leonardo Leo, Fedele Fenaroli, Giovanni Paisiello, Nicola Sala, Giacomo Tritto, Stanislao Mattei.
See also
Realization (figured bass)
Galant Schemata
Notes and references
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
Further reading
External links
Monuments of Partimenti
The Uppsala Partimento Database, UUPart. Compiled and edited by Peter van Tour. Launched 2015, Uppsala.
Partimenti of Alessandro Scarlatti (1660-1725) (D-Hs M/A 251)
Partimenti of Francesco Durante (1684–1755) (I-MOe Campori γ L.9.26)
Partimenti of Francesco Durante (1684–1755) (I-Bc EE.171)
Partimenti of Leonardo Leo (1694–1744) (I-Bc DD.219)
Partimenti of Pasquale Cafaro (1715–1787) (I-Bc DD.219)
Partimenti of Giuseppe Giacomo Saratelli (1684–1762) (D-Mbs Mus. Ms. 1696)
Partimenti of Carlo Cotumacci (1709–1785) (I-Nc 34.2.2)
Partimenti of Niccolò Zingarelli (1752–1837) (I-Nc 34.2.10)
Musical improvisation
Classical period (music)
Baroque music
18th century in music
17th century in music
19th century in music
18th-century Italian musicians
Accompaniment
Neapolitan school composers
Music theory
Musicology
Music history
Classical music analysis
DXBF (101.7 FM), broadcasting as 101.7 Prime FM, is a radio station owned and operated by Prime Broadcasting Network. Its studios and transmitters are located at Brgy. Mangagoy, Bislig.
References
Radio stations in Surigao del Sur
Glyceryl octyl ascorbic acid (GO-VC) is an amphipathic derivative of vitamin C consisting of two ether linkages: a 1-octyl at position 2 and a glycerin at position 3. The chemical name is 2-glyceryl-3-octyl ascorbic acid. The isomer in which these two groups are swapped (2-octyl-3-glyceryl ascorbic acid, OG-VC) is also known.
It is considered as a new stable amphipathic in the field of aesthetic medicine.
Overview
Vitamin C is rapidly converted to ascorbic acid radicals by UV rays, which causes cytotoxicity and sunburn, but GO-VC improves the stability of conventional vitamin C derivatives, and thus eliminates the problems of these prooxidants. Water-soluble vitamin C derivatives, such as sodium ascorbyl phosphate (APS), which have been used since the 1990s, have a problem of drying the skin in order to the sebum suppression effect. On the other hand, GO-VC has a high moisturizing power due to the binding of glycerin and can prevent the dryness of the skin. In addition, GO-VC has a sterilizing activity of octanol, so it has a sterilizing activity against many bacteria.
GO-VC is also used for wound healing and wrinkle prevention because it has a proliferative effect on fibroblasts and a promoting effect on type I collagen production. GO-VC has a stronger melanin production inhibitory effect than arbutin, which is used as a whitening agent, and it was confirmed in clinical trials that even low concentrations of 0.01 to 0.1% (by weight) are effective against acne redness and pigmentation.
The water-soluble vitamin C derivatives such as ascorbic acid 2-glucoside and APPS (trisodium ascorbyl palmitate) can not add to water-soluble polymer gels commonly used in cosmetics such as carboxy vinyl polymer and sodium polyacrylate. This is because the viscosity changes, causing precipitation. On the other hand, GO-VC can be dispersed in water-soluble polymer gel transparently and uniformly or can be stably dissolved for a long time.
The fat-soluble vitamin C derivatives such as ascorbyl tetrahexyl decanoate (VC-IP) are almost insoluble in water, making it difficult to mix in water-soluble formulations such as lotions without the use of surfactants. Fat-soluble vitamin C derivatives causes lipid oxidation problems when lipids are released, and the color of the formulation tends to change. GO-VC can solve these problems almost completely.
GO-VC is well absorbed percutaneously due to its amphiphilic nature, and because it is negatively charged rather than completely non-ionic, it can facilitate percutaneous absorption with an iontophoresis device. In addition, GO-VC is amphipathic but does not have a lipid group, so there are few skin toxicity problems due to lipid peroxidation, and it does not have the sticky feeling of conventional vitamin C derivatives and has a good feel.
Stability
When the aqueous solution containing vitamin C and GO-VC was stored at 50 °C for 90 days, the vitamin C residual amount decreased to less than 30% in 30 days, whereas the residual amount of GO-VC was 90% or more. Moreover, after 90 days, 80% or more of GO-VC was confirmed to remain.
It is considered that this high stability are due to the two most reactive hydroxyl groups of vitamin C being capped by glycerin and octanol at the same time. Because the viscosity is stable in the preparation containing GO-VC and the polymer gel too, and it can be kept in a transparent state for a long period of time. Therefore, GO-VC can be added to many preparations such as lotions, creams, serums and gels.
Acne
It was reported that GO-VC is effective against post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation (PIH), post-inflammatory erythema (PIE), and atrophic scar (AS), which are important complications in acne. It applied a complex vitamin C derivative lotion containing GO-VC to each of 10 patients with acne twice on the right side twice a day for 3 months, and confirmed the left side without application and its effect. It was reported that there was a marked improvement in PIH, PIE, and AS on the only right side applying lotion containing GO-VC after 3 months.
Pigmentation
Many phenolic compounds, which are conventional whitening agents, react with tyrosinase to induce melanocyte-specific cytotoxicity, and thus there was a risk of developing vitiligo. GO-VC reduced the intracellular melanin content of B16 melanoma cells. GO-VC's pigmentation inhibitory mechanism is shown to act through a novel melanogenesis inhibitory system that does not depend on tyrosinase activity inhibition, indicating that it is a safe and effective pigmentation inhibitor with low risk of vitiligo. GO-VC showed a remarkable effect in an actual pigmentation suppression clinical study, and a gel preparation containing 0.1% GO-VC was applied twice a day in the morning and evening on the entire face after 13 female subjects aged 39.8 years on average. As a result of a 1-5 month study, GO-VC significantly improved post-inflammatory pigmentation. It is reported that GO-VC also showed a clear improvement in pigmentation caused by metal allergy, which was not very effective when applied with hydroquinone.
Skin pore related diseases
Since conventional water-soluble vitamin C does not easily penetrate the skin barrier, an amphipathic vitamin C derivative was developed to improve this. However, since lipids such as palmitic acid were chemical modified to ViraminC derivatives in the past, exposure to ultraviolet light generated free fatty acids, raising concerns about lipid peroxidation. It was thought that GO-VC could avoid the problem of lipid peroxidation because GO-VC is amphipathic with octanol instead of lipid. The effect of 0.05% gel of GO-VC was investigated on skin pore related diseases. As a result, it was confirmed that there were no side effects and the number of abnormal pores decreased to 70% or less within 1 to 2 months after application.
References
Organic acids
3-Hydroxypropenals
Siniša Dobrašinović (; Cyrillic: Синиша Добрашиновић, born 17 February 1977) is a retired Montenegrin-born Cypriot footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder and now works as a football manager.
Playing career
Club
Dobrašinović started his career playing for FK Rudar Pljevlja, and made his first attempt abroad at K.S.C. Lokeren. He later tried his luck at Cyprus, which was a crucial decision, since spent most his career playing at the Cyprus First Division.
He played in various Cypriot teams, but his best years was playing for AC Omonia and Anorthosis. While playing at Anorthosis in the Champions League, became the first player to score in a Cypriot kit.
In his later years as footballer he played at Greek club AO Kavala. and FC Zhetysu of Kazakhstan.
International
Despite being born in Ivangrad, SR Montenegro, then part of SFR Yugoslavia, Dobrasinović has opted to accept the call to represent the Cypriot national team. He was playing in Cyprus since 2000, and in 2009 took the Cypriot citizenship. He made his debut for Cyprus on 10 October 2009 against Bulgaria in a 4–1 win and has earned a total of 28 caps, scoring 1 goal. His final international was a May 2014 Kirin Cup match against hosts Japan.
International appearances
*International Football Career History:
2009-2014 National Team of Cyprus 29 games and 1 goal.
*Team Honors:
-Apollon F.C.: Winner of Cypriot Cup 2001
-Digenis Morphou F.C.: First time in history of Digenis F.C. the team played in the Cypriot Cup Final in 2004.
-F.C. Omonoia: Winners of Cypriot Super Cup 2005.
-Anorthosis F.C.: First time in history of Cypriot Football a team is qualified in the group stage of Champions League in 2008.
-Nea Salamina F.C.: The team broke the record in the history of Nea Salamina F.C. with 17 wins in one season (2013).
*Individual Honors:
-Scored the first goal of a Cypriot team in Champions League group stage against Panathinaikos F.C. (opening game) in 2008.
-Chosen in the best eleven (11) team for Champions League in October 2008.
-Last minutes of rich professional football career finished as the captain of National Football Team of Cyprus against Japan in Tokyo (27/05/2014).
International goals
Scores and results list Cyprus's goal tally first
Managerial career
By the end of the season 2013/14 Dobrašinović decided to put an end to his career as player and become a manager. On 23 January 2015, he was announced as first manager for Aris Thessaloniki. Later, in 2017 he was an assistant coach in the Cypriot National Team until 2019. In 2021, he coached F.C.Ermis.
Honours
Apollon
Cypriot Cup: 2001
Omonia
Cypriot Cup: 2005
Cyprus FA Shield: 2005
Anorthosis
Cypriot Championship: 2008
Statistics
Champions League 2008/2009
Scores and results list 2008–09 UEFA Champions League's goal tally first
References
http://www.uefa.com/uefachampionsleague/season=2009/matches/round=15276/match=302707/postmatch/report/index.html
https://archive.today/20130616052422/http://www.anorthosis.com/interviews.php?InterviewID=10
http://www.sigmalive.com/sports/football/cyprus/a+league/158841
http://www.anorthosis.com/news.php?ArticleID=190
http://www.enet.gr/?i=news.el.a8lhtismos&id=147148
http://www.sigmalive.com/simerini/sport+time/cyprus/159022
https://archive.today/20130616052520/http://www.shootandgoal.com/page.php?bid=8&id=39630
https://web.archive.org/web/20090916063325/http://www.protathlima.com/content/league/story.jsp?league_id=1&id=38038
http://www.sport-fm.gr/article/197516
http://www.shootandgoal.com/page.php?bid=2&id=13102
http://www.inews.gr/17/premiera-gia-ntobrasinovits.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20100104050223/http://www.politis-sports.com/cgibin/hweb?-A=53720&-V=onlinenews
http://www.sigmalive.com/simerini/sport+time/columns/kyriakatika/302136
https://archive.today/20130616052432/http://sports.pathfinder.gr/football/mundial-2010/779147.html
http://www.kathimerini.com.cy/index.php?pageaction=kat&modid=1&artid=7233
http://www.alkifc.com.cy/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=405%3A2011-02-02-12-12-51&catid=1%3Alatest-news&Itemid=61&lang=el
http://www.sigmalive.com/sports/football/cyprus/a+league/349637
http://newshopper.sulekha.com/portugal-cyprus-euro-2012-soccer_photo_1493938.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20090708130012/http://www.protathlima.com/content/league/story.jsp?league_id=1&id=36365
https://archive.today/20130616081045/http://www.anorthosis.com/news.php?ArticleID=821
http://anorthosis24.net/2013/07/otan-i-anorthosi-egrapse-istoria/
https://web.archive.org/web/20140129055546/http://red1948.com/football/news/509-panagia-goalara-dobrasinovits
https://balla.com.cy/2021/05/09/ntompra-pio-statheri-i-omonoia-atakes-gia-ael-kai-apollon/
https://balla.com.cy/2021/05/09/ntompra-megalo-endiaferon-gia-tin-machi-tis-paramonis/
https://balla.com.cy/2021/05/09/ntomprasinovits-sto-balla-axia-protathlitria-i-omonoia-ti-eipe-gia-ton-teliko/
https://balla.com.cy/2021/05/09/ntompra-favori-ston-teliko-o-olympiakos/
https://balla.com.cy/2021/04/06/ntompra-den-axizan-na-kerdisoyn/
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/a-katigoria/ethnikos-ahnas/ntompra-vs-ilias-sto-ammohostos
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/alles-stiles/koys-koys/ermis/dynata-o-sinisa
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/alles-stiles/koys-koys/ermis/i-1i-toy-ntompra
https://protathlima.cyprustimes.com/podosfairo/kypros/a-katigoria/ermis-aradippoy/ntomprasinovits-oles-oi-omades-einai-konta-kai-mechri-to-telos-tha-ginei-machi/
https://sportime.sigmalive.com/podosfairo/kypros/a-katigoria/166273_ntempoyto-ntomprasinovits
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/a-katigoria/ermis/ntompra-eimai-pente-meres-me-ayta-ta-paidia-alla
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/a-katigoria/ermis/ntempoyto-gia-ntompra
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/a-katigoria/ermis/i-proti-kinisi-toy-ntompra
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/a-katigoria/ermis/symfonia-me-ntomprasinobits
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/a-katigoria/ermis/fanieros-gia-ntompra-milisame-deka-lepta-kai-katalaba
https://www.kerkida.net/eidiseis/a-katigoria/ermis/deal-super-monday-me-loyka-faniero
https://balla.com.cy/2021/03/09/dikaioytai-4/
External links
1977 births
Living people
People from Berane
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Montenegrin footballers
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Montenegrin emigrants to Cyprus
Cypriot people of Montenegrin descent
Cypriot people of Serbian descent
Montenegrin people of Serbian descent
Association football midfielders
FK Rudar Pljevlja players
K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen players
Apollon Limassol FC players
NK Ivančna Gorica players
Digenis Akritas Morphou FC players
AC Omonia players
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. players
Kavala F.C. players
Alki Larnaca FC players
FC Zhetysu players
Nea Salamis Famagusta FC players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Second League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Belgian First Division A players
Cypriot First Division players
Slovenian Second League players
Super League Greece players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Montenegrin expatriate footballers
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Montenegrin football managers
Cypriot football managers
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. managers
Expatriate football managers in Greece
Cypriot expatriate football managers
Rosalie Louise Adams, OBE served as Acting Governor of the British Virgin Islands under a dormant commission that was invoked in 2017. She had previously served as Deputy Governor of the British Virgin Islands. She also served as Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Health and Social Development, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Communications and Works, Permanent Secretary, Premier's Office and Interim Acting Permanent Secretary in the Premier's Office at various times.
In the 2018 Birthday Honours, Adams was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to the British Virgin Islands.
References
Living people
British Virgin Islands politicians
Deputy Governors of the British Virgin Islands
Governors of the British Virgin Islands
Year of birth missing (living people)
King's Farm or Kings Farm is a ghost town in Cass County, Texas, from the city of Linden and from Atlanta. The town was abandoned in 1936.
References
Geography of Cass County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Cass County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
1936 disestablishments in Texas
Nocardiopsis litoralis is a Gram-positive, moderately halophilic, alkalitolerant and aerobic bacterium from the genus of Nocardiopsis which has been isolated from a sea anemone from the South China Sea near the Naozhou Island in China.
References
External links
Type strain of Nocardiopsis litoralis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Actinomycetales
Bacteria described in 2009
Anatoly Aleksandrovich Sobchak (; 10 August 1937 – 19 February 2000) was a Soviet and Russian politician, a co-author of the Constitution of the Russian Federation, the first democratically elected mayor of Saint Petersburg, and a mentor and teacher of future presidents Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev.
Biography
Soviet legal scholar
Anatoly Sobchak was born in Chita, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, on 10 August 1937. His father, Aleksander Antonovich, was a railroad engineer of Polish and Czech origin, and his mother, Nadezhda Andreyevna Litvinova, was an accountant of Russian and Ukrainian origin. Anatoly was one of four brothers. In 1939, the family moved to Uzbekistan, where Anatoly lived until 1953 before entering Stavropol Law College. In 1954, he transferred to Leningrad State University. In 1958, he married Nonna Gandzyuk, a student of Hertzen Teacher's College. They had a daughter called Maria Sobchak, born in 1965, who is currently a St Petersburg lawyer while her son Gleb Sobchak, born in 1983, graduated from the Law Faculty of St. Petersburg State University.
After graduating from Leningrad State University, he worked for three years as a lawyer in Stavropol, then returned to Leningrad State University for graduate studies (1962–1965). After obtaining his Ph.D., he taught law at the Leningrad Police School and the Leningrad Institute for Cellulose and Paper Industries' Technology (1965–1973), and between 1973 and 1990 he taught at Leningrad State University. In 1980, he married Lyudmila Narusova, at that time a history student at the Leningrad Academy of Soviet Culture and later a prominent MP. They had a daughter, Ksenia Sobchak.
After obtaining his D.Sc. in 1982, he was appointed Professor and Head of the Department of Common Law in Socialist Economics. He was very popular among law students, especially for his mildly anti-government comments. During his work at Leningrad State University, he established close relations with its then administrator of international affairs, Vladimir Putin, which he maintained for the rest of his life.
Legislator
In 1989, after election laws changed during Perestroika, he was elected as an independent candidate to the Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union. He was one of only a few deputies who had a legal background, so he contributed enormously to most of the laws created from 1989 to 1991. He became one of the founders and a co-chairman of the Inter-Regional Deputies Group along with Andrei Sakharov and Boris Yeltsin. He also was a chairman of the Parliamentary Commission on the Investigation of the events of 9 April 1989 in Tbilisi. The Commission condemned the military, which was blamed for many deaths when dispersing demonstrators. The Commission's report made it more difficult to use military force against civil demonstrations in the Soviet Union and Russia.
He was a member of the President's Consultative Council during Mikhail Gorbachev's tenure and contributed to legislation that originated from the presidential administration.
After the Soviet Union was dissolved in 1991, Sobchak was not a member of the central Parliament but was a member of Yeltsin's Presidential Council and the chairman of the Constitutional Assembly that prepared the Constitution of the Russian Federation in 1993. The constitution is often informally called Sobchak's constitution, although its real authors have been somewhat less known.
Mayor of Saint Petersburg
In April 1990, Sobchak was elected a deputy of the Leningrad City Council, and in May he became the chairman of the Council. From the beginning, his leadership was marked by a strongly authoritarian bent. The Council decided to change the structure of the city governance so as to have a Mayor elected by direct elections. The first of such elections in June 1991 were combined with the referendum on the city name. Sobchak won the elections, and the city voted to return to its historical name of Saint Petersburg. The name change was established in one of the last sessions of the Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union, held on 12 September 1991. The change needed an amendment of the Constitution of the Soviet Union and its passage required much effort by Sobchak.
During his tenure, a Kissinger-Sobchak commission was formed in order to attract western investment into St. Petersburg. According to Putin who had met with Kissinger a couple of times, when Kissinger stated that the Soviet Union had pulled out of Eastern Europe too quickly under Gorbachev and that Kissinger was being blamed but Kissinger had thought it was impossible, Putin had agreed with Kissinger because so many problems would have been avoided if the pullout had not been so hasty.
Sobchak was Mayor of Saint Petersburg from 1991 to 1996. During his tenure, the city became a place of glamorous cultural and sporting events. Most of the everyday control of the city structure was handled by two Mayor's deputies – Vladimir Yakovlev and Vladimir Putin; critics alleged deterioration of city infrastructure, growing corruption, and crime during this time.
In the 1996 mayoral election, Sobchak was opposed by his former first deputy Vladimir Yakovlev and lost by a margin of 1.2%. The major pitch of Yakovlev's campaign was that Sobchak's patronage of the arts (with city money) and involvement in federal politics prevented him from solving the real problems of the city.
After falling out with Sobchak, Yury Shutov wrote the book Heart of a Dog () as a criticism of Sobchak in 1991.
Emigration and return
In 1997, a criminal investigation started against Sobchak. He was accused of irregularities in the privatization of his own apartment, his elder daughter's apartment, and his wife's art studio. By the standards of the 1990s in Russia, the allegations were relatively minor (although the alleged losses for city finances were still in the tens of thousands of dollars). Thus, Sobchak's supporters saw the criminal proceedings as a political repression. According to Ksenia Sobchak, this campaign was started in 1995 from Moscow to prevent her father from running in future presidential elections.
On 7 November 1997, Sobchak flew to Paris on a private plane without passport processing on the Russian side. The formal reason for his departure was medical treatment in a Paris hospital for his heart condition, but Sobchak never checked in at the hospital. Between 1997 and 1999, he lived the typical life of a political émigré in Paris.
In June 1999, his friend Vladimir Putin became much stronger politically (in a few weeks he became the Prime Minister of Russia), and he was able to make the prosecutors drop the charges against Sobchak. On 12 June 1999, Sobchak returned to Russia. After his return, Sobchak became a very active supporter of Putin in his quest for the Russian presidency.
Death
On 17 February 2000, Putin met with Sobchak and urged him to travel to Kaliningrad to support his election campaign. Sobchak traveled there, accompanied by two assistants who also served as his bodyguards. On 20 February 2000, Sobchak died suddenly in the town of Svetlogorsk of the Kaliningrad Oblast. The initial suspected cause of death was a heart attack, but the findings of two medical experts were contradictory. A criminal investigation of Sobchak's death as a possible "premeditated murder with aggravating circumstances" was opened only on 6 May 2000, more than two months later. After three months, the investigation was closed without a finding. The Democratic Union party led by Valeria Novodvorskaya made an official statement that not only Sobchak, but also two of his aides had heart attacks simultaneously, which indicated poisoning. Two other men were present with Sobchak during his death, but their names were not publicly disclosed.
According to an independent investigation by Arkady Vaksberg, both bodyguards of Sobchak were treated for symptoms of poisoning after Sobchak's death, indicating a probable contract killing by poisoning. Sobchak's widow Lyudmila had her own autopsy done on her husband's body, but never made the results public; she told the BBC that she keeps the findings in a secure location outside Russia.
He was interred in Nikolskoe Cemetery at the Alexander Nevsky Monastery in St. Petersburg, near the grave of Galina Starovoitova.
Honours and awards
Jubilee Medal "300 Years of the Russian Navy" (1996)
Order of Holy Prince Daniel of Moscow, 1st class
Silver medal of the International Olympic Committee (1995)
Honorary citizen of St. Petersburg (2010, posthumous), Tbilisi (Georgia, 1991), Indianapolis (USA, 1992), Maryland (USA, 1993), Oklahoma (USA, 1994), Georgia (1995)
Honorary Doctor of Law at the University of South Florida St. Petersburg (1991), University of Macerata (Italy, 1992), St. Petersburg Law Institute of the Russian Interior Ministry
Honorary Doctor of Political Science, University of Genoa (Italy, 1992)
Honorary Doctor of the University of Arts in Oklahoma City (1993)
Honorary Doctor of Humanities, Towson University (Baltimore, USA, 1993)
Professor Emeritus of the University of Bordeaux (France), East European Institute of Psychoanalysis (St. Petersburg, Russia)
Mitterrand awarded the Foundation "Memoria" (France, 1991)
Prize winner of the National Democratic Institute of the A. Garrimana (USA, Washington, 1992)
Prize winner J. Fulbright National Law Center at George Washington University (Washington, USA, 1992)
International Leonardo Prize (1996)
Prize winners Starovoitova (2000, posthumously)
Tsarskoye Selo Art Prize (2001, posthumously)
Winner of the International Prize for the development and strengthening of cultural ties in the Baltic Sea Region "Baltic Star" (2005, posthumously)
Gold Medal of the city of Dubrovnik (Croatia, 1991)
Gold Medal of the city of Florence (Italy, 1991)
Full member of the St. Petersburg Academy of Engineering (Department of economic and legal sciences) (1992)
Member of the International Informatization Academy (Moscow, 1995)
Honorary member of the St. Petersburg Union of Engineering Societies (1992)
Gagarin Medal (1996)
Medal Admiral MP Lazarev (1996)
"Gratitude" medal of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (2002, posthumously)
Imperial Order of St. Alexander Nevsky (2002, posthumously)
See also
Saint Petersburg City Administration
Notes
References
External links
Official site of Anatoly Sobchak (Russian)
http://www.nns.ru/persons/sobchak.html (Russian)
Boris Vishnevsky Anatoly Sobchak: Triumph and Tragedy (Russian)
1937 births
2000 deaths
People from Chita, Zabaykalsky Krai
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
Saint Petersburg State University faculty
University of Paris faculty
Soviet jurists
Russian jurists
Russian legal scholars
Russian politicians
Recipients of the Order of Holy Prince Daniel of Moscow
Russian people of Czech descent
Russian people of Polish descent
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
Russian emigrants to France
Members of the Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union
Resigned Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Our Home – Russia politicians
Members of the Federation Council of Russia (1996–2000)
Russian monarchists
Governors of Saint Petersburg
Burials at Nikolskoe Cemetery
Dag Tønder (27 June 1907–13 July 1989) was a Norwegian editor, lawyer, and public official. He served for a time as a judge in Vardø. From 1951 to 1955 he was acting county governor in Finnmark county, Norway.
Personal life
Dag Tønder was born on 27 June 1907 in Sjøvegan in Salangen Municipality in Troms county, Norway. On 18 April 1935, he married Rikarda Johanne Mathisen at the Trondenes Church. He died on 13 July 1989. His family name comes from his ancestors who came from the village of Tønder in southern Denmark.
Education and career
From 1951 to 1955 he was acting county governor in Finnmark county, Norway. He was serving for the Governor Peder Holt who was serving in the Cabinet of Norway at that time. During his time as acting governor, Tønder was helped found the Sámi language newspaper company . He was the chairman of the company from 15 June 1956 to 29 March 1958.
See also
Tønder (slekt), a large family history of Dag Tønder and his relatives
References
1907 births
1989 deaths
County Governors of Norway
People from Finnmark
People from Salangen
The National Liberation Front—Bahrain () is a communist party in Bahrain. It was founded on 15 February 1955, the first leftist party in the Arab states of the Persian Gulf. Among the founder-members were Hassan Nezam (1922–1958), the principal founder, who was killed in Tehran in 1958 by SAVAK. (Hassan Nezam was also a leading regional figure in the Tudeh Party of Iran, Khuzestan province, under the name Hassan Dorood.) Other founders were Erik Mansoorian, who died in Abadan after returning to Iran in 1964, Hassan M. Saleh (1926–2000), who from the early 1960s was in a state of a chronic mental dysfunction as a result of severe torture, Ali Madan (1932–1995), Ahmed al-Thawadi, “Saif Bin Ali” (1937–2006), and Ali Dawaigher (1938-2013).
In the 1960s and 70s the NLF, headed by Saif Bin Ali, assisted by Yousif Ajaji (born 1939) and Abdulla Rashid Binali (born 1935), played a leading part in two major events: the March Intifada (uprising) of 1965, in which nationalist forces rose up against British colonialism, and the labour movement of the early 1970s. The first event led eventually to the independence of Bahrain from British in 1971; the second event accelerated the move towards a significant improvement in the political atmosphere and the emergence of the first parliament in Bahrain and the first constitution (the 1973 constitution).
By the first half of the 1970s the NLF was the major political force in the country, and following the 1973 election it had eight members in the Bahrain National Assembly (parliament) or 40% of elected MPs (30 were elected and 14 appointed). In 1975, however, the Assembly was dissolved and the constitution suspended. The NLF was harshly repressed by the regime, and many activists and leaders went into exile. The most severe assault came in the mid-80s, specifically in 1986, with the decision of the regime to crush the NLF. Almost the whole clandestine organisation collapsed, some members died under torture, and a large number were sentenced to long terms of imprisonment after false and illegal confessions.
In spite of the unprecedented political circumstances that faced the surviving activists of the NLF, a handful of fighters remained, though in different method of activity. One can see their fingerprints on the events of the 1990s called the “constitutional movement.”
In the early 2000s, after a change in the regime's policy, exiled leaders were allowed to return to Bahrain and to work politically. Before the 2002 election some elements affiliated to the NLF, in co-operation with other independent activists (leftists and liberals), launched a legal political body under a new rule governing the establishment of political associations. In this way the Progressive Democratic Tribune Association (PDTA) was founded as a leftist progressive political organisation, but not as an alternative to the NLF. Since then it may appear that the PDTA has replaced the NLF, a groundless claim for which there is no documentary evidence. Moreover, the NLF never issued any statement that it has ceased to exist. The reality is that the NLF continues to exist and to struggle, though illegal and not openly active, because of the continued repression of opposition groups by the Bahrain state.
Following the 2002 election, the NLF and PDTA had three members in parliament, including the deputy speaker, Abdulhadi Marhoon. However, they lost all seats at the 2006 election when Sunni and Shi‘a communal “Islamist” forces won almost all seats.
See also
March Intifada
Majeed Marhoon
National Union Committee
Ahmad Al-Thawadi
References
National liberation Front - Bahrain website
Entry in Encyclopedia of the Modern Middle East and North Africa
http://hayatblog.blogspot.com/2008/02/blog-post_15.html
http://www.altaqadomi.com/ar-BH/ViewNews/27/19/Statements.aspx
Political parties established in 1955
Political parties in Bahrain
Communist parties in Bahrain
Political history of Bahrain
Bahrain, National Liberation Front
Republicanism in Bahrain
1955 establishments in Bahrain
International Meeting of Communist and Workers Parties
The University of Kentucky Solar Car Team is an independent, student-led project that operates as part of the University of Kentucky College of Engineering. The team's primary goal is to compete in the American Solar Challenge (held every two years) and the Formula Sun Grand Prix (held every year) over the summer, but they also perform outreach events in which they display and discuss their car with nonmembers.
Mission
The team's mission is to design, build, and race solar-powered cars while developing team members through practical experience with much-needed hands-on experience outside their demanding course load, all while contributing to STEM outreach in the Bluegrass region.
Over the past 20 years, there have been 6 solar cars built, each following naming convention of Gato del Sol followed by a Roman Numeral. Gato del Sol VI is the current solar car in use, first formed in 2017.
Membership
Membership is open to all University of Kentucky students (Undergraduate and Graduate), professors, and members of the community.
Vision
The Solar Car Team strives to:
Continuously improve the safety, reliability, efficiency, and practicality of its vehicle.
Develop the skills of teamwork, innovation, resourcefulness, communication, and leadership in its team members.
Spread alternative energy awareness throughout the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Accomplishments
In 2008, the Solar Car Team completed its first North American Solar Challenge, finishing 11th of 15 teams in the 2400 mile race from Plano, TX, USA to Calgary, AB, Canada. In 2009, the team placed 2nd (out of 11 teams) in the Formula Sun Grand Prix at the Texas Motorsport Ranch in Cresson, TX. In 2010, the team placed 9th in the American Solar Challenge, from Broken Arrow, OK to Naperville, IL. The team celebrated their 20th anniversary in 2019 and secured the track record lap time at Circuit of the Americas for solar cars at 3:48.975. In 2021, the team scored its best results to date: first place in FSGP 2021 and second place and most improved in ASC 2021.
History
The team began in 1999 when University of Kentucky sophomore, Bianca McCartt, approached then Assistant Professor Lyndon Scott Stephens to serve as founding advisor. Together, McCartt and Stephens envisioned a student led organization that focused on solar-based renewable energy. The first UK solar car was originally named Firefly and was a heavy, lead acid battery leviathan that competed as a demonstration vehicle in the organizations first event. Shortly thereafter, then student, and now Professor of Mechanical Engineering, Dr. Christine Trinkle proposed the perennial name for the car, Gato Del Sol ("Cat of the Sun"), and the solar car team had a name befitting the University of Kentucky mascot "the Wildcats". With generous support from benefactors including UK Alums Ralph G. Anderson and Billy Harper, and many businesses including Hyro Aluminum, Inc., Toyota, Sunpower, and Stone Farm (owner of 1982 Kentucky Derby Winner Gato Del Sol), 6 generations of solar cars (Gato I-VI) have resulted with success along the way. The team was the winner of the Sportsmanship Award in the 2003 North American Solar Challenge, finished 2nd at the 2009 Formula Sun Grand Prix and finished 3rd at the 2019 Formula Sun Grand Prix. It has participated in more than 10 race events and hundreds of special events including the annual Kentucky State Fair and regional parades. As of 2020, it is estimated that more than 1500 students from majors across the university have participated in the Solar Car team since its founding 21 years ago. More importantly, through its outreach and education efforts the team has exposed renewable solar energy technology to countless thousands.
Cars
FSGP lap times are recorded in the format mm:ss.s, while ASC stage times are recorded as hh:mm:ss.
Press
KETV Omaha
USA Today, Sunny days ahead for solar car race, July 16, 2008
Kentucky Living Magazine, Racing with the Sun, December 2008
The Morehead News, Guardian hosts UK Solar Team, November 11, 2008
Lexington Herald-Leader, UK Solar Car Builders Celebrate, July 28, 2008
KMTV Omaha, Drivers Race Cross Country Without Gas, July 16, 2008
University of Kentucky News, Solar Car Crosses Calgary Finish Line, July 23, 2008
References
External links
Main Site, UK Solar Car Team
Blog, UK Solar Car Team
UK Solar Car Team Videos
UK Solar Car Team Pictures
North American Solar Challenge
UK Solar Car Instagram
UK Solar Car Twitter
UK Solar Car Facebook
Solar car racing
University of Kentucky
The 1998–99 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team represented Syracuse University as a member of the Big East Conference during the 1998–99 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The head coach was Jim Boeheim, serving for his 23rd year. The team played its home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. The team finished with a 21–12 (10–8) record, while making it to the NCAA tournament.
The team was led by juniors Ryan Blackwell, Jason Hart, and Etan Thomas.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big East Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA Tournament
Rankings
References
Syracuse Orange
Syracuse Orange men's basketball seasons
Syracuse
Syracuse Orangemen basketball
Syracuse Orangemen basketball
Kovalyuk or Kovaliuk (Russian, Ukrainian: Ковалюк), Kavaluk (Belarusian: Кавалюк), Kowaluk (Polish) is a common East Slavic surname, similar to Kovalchuk in origin and usage.
The surname may refer to:
Siarhiej Kavaluk (born 1980), Belarusian footballer
Volodymyr Kovalyuk (born 1972), Ukrainian footballer
(1937-2000), Ukrainian writer
References
Russian-language surnames
Belarusian-language surnames
Ukrainian-language surnames
Polish-language surnames
Surnames of Ukrainian origin
Thirumalaikoil is a shrine dedicated to Lord Thirumalai Kumaraswamy at Panpozhil near Tenkasi in Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu, India. It was built by Thiruvarutchelvar Sivakami Ammaiyar. Poets Arunagirinather and Achanputhur Subbaiah have written many poems on the saint. It is a hilltop shrine, with 625 steps of pathway to reach the temple. The hill is adjacent to Western Ghats and Kavira Hills. It is 15 km from the Lord Kasivishwanathar temple in Tenkasi, Kurtallam Falls, Ezhanji Kumarakoil, and Ayikudi Balasubramanya Swami Temple. The temple is 650 km from Chennai and 90 km away from Thiruvananthapuram. Surrounding the temple (which is situated above 540 feet in the hills) are green fields, coconut trees, ponds, a number of windmills and a dam; the towns of Tenkasi and Shenkottai are visible from the hilltop in the panorama which awaits visitors. Many musical film scenes have been shot at this location.
Thiruvarutselvar Sivakami Ammaiyar
Thiruvarutselvar Sivakami Ammaiyar, a devotee of Lord Thirumalaikumaraswamy, was born in Neduvayal Achanputhur (near Panpozhil, on the Hanuman River) into a wealthy and benevolent family (her parents were Muthuswamy Thevar and Kulalvaimozhi) around 1784 and died in 1854, aged 70. Although she received no secondary education, she was known to read and write. Sivakami Ammaiyar married Kankamuthu, a philanthropic farmer and son of Sangamuthu and Uthamiammal, and lived a peaceful life. Muthu, a devotee of Lord Annamalaiyar of Thiruvannamalai, and his wife helped their neighbors; for example, they built a bridge spanning the Hanuman River which is still known as Kankamuthu Bridge. Sivakami Ammaiyar and Kankamuthu treated all the peoples equally, employing Sangilimadan (from a Parayar caste). Since the couple was childless, so they treated all the village children as their own. They served many saints of all religions. When a Muslim holy man named Walar Masthan visited their village, the couple called and told him of their childlessness. Walar Masthan is said to have replied, "I know your problems; you were not blessed by becoming a mother, but on the Thirumalai Murugan hilltop west of here is your family god. Go and serve him for the rest of your life". The couple was unsure what to do but Murugan appeared in a dream as a child to Sivakami Ammaiyar, telling them both to go to Vandadumpottal and build him a temple on the hilltop. Sivakami Ammaiyar began building the temple, a difficult task due to the elevation; to raise the money needed, she sold all her property.
Poetry
"Thirumalai Andavar Kuravaji" – Author unknown; poem published in Tamil Tatha by Dr. Uu. Ve. Saminathan Iyer
"Thirumalai Yamah Vanthathi" - Nellai Kavirasu Pandaramars
"Thirupugazal" - Aunagirinather
"Thirumalai Kumaraswamy Thirupugazal" - Sankarapandian Pillai
"Thirumalai Murugan Pillai Tamil" - Kavira Pandarathaiyar
Poems by Achanputhur N. Subbaih
References
External links
Musical sequence from Punngai Mannan, filmed in Thirumalaikoil
Shrine photos
Hindu temples in Tirunelveli district
Horrible Histories is a children's live-action historical and musical sketch-comedy TV series based on the book series of the same name written by Terry Deary. The show ran for five series of thirteen episodes each (plus seven full-length one-off specials), between 2009 and 2013.
Series producer was Caroline Norris. Series 1 was directed by Chloe Thomas and Steve Connelly, with all future series directed by Connelly and Dominic Brigstocke. Writers are listed as per credits of each episode. Original music was—except where noted—written by Richie Webb (music) and Dave Cohen (lyrics), with instrumentals by Webb. The songs were not given formal titles; where possible their creators' names for them have been used.
The starring troop over all five series consisted of Mathew Baynton, Simon Farnaby, Martha Howe-Douglas, Jim Howick, Laurence Rickard, Ben Willbond and Sarah Hadland, some combination of whom appear, with very rare exceptions, in every live-action sketch; their voices can also be heard in the animated sketches. Supporting cast was headed by Alice Lowe, Lawry Lewin and Dominique Moore.
Notable guest stars are indicated in the episode in which they appear, or in the case of recurring roles, on first appearance. Several sketches incorporate parodies of other UK pop-culture media and/or personalities; these parody inspirations are likewise indicated on first appearance.
In 2015, the series returned with a new cast in a revised format. Episodes centred around the life of one prominent historical figure played by an established comedy actor. It was in 2016 that a seventh series began with just three specials before the full series in 2017. The three specials marked anniversaries through the year: 400 years since Shakespeare died, the BBCs 'Love to Read' campaign and 350 years since the Great Fire of London. There was a slight change in cast where the main stars Jalaal Hartley, Tom Stourton and Jessica Ransom continued with new members. This was the first series where none of the main original cast were present.
Overview
Series 1: 2009
Series 2: 2010
Series 3: 2011
Series 4: 2012
Series 5: 2013
Specials
See also
List of Horrible Histories (2015 TV series) episodes
References
Horrible Histories
Horrible Histories
Horrible Histories
Esteban José Handal Pérez (born 7 January 1965 in San Pedro Sula) is a Honduran politician and businessman who is also known as the "Red Bull." He is the former President of the Liberal Youth of Honduras and previously sought the nomination to be a Honduran Presidential candidate on behalf of the Liberal Party. He served in the national parliament of Honduras from 1997 to 2001. He is currently leader of the United Liberal Movement and has announced that he will seek the leadership of the Liberal Party in the internal elections scheduled for 2012.
Biography
Esteban José Handal Pérez was born in San Pedro Sula, in the department of Cortes, Honduras.
Education
Handal Pérez studied at the International School in Sampedrana in his home city. He completed his studies at the University of Texas and the Louisiana State University, graduating in Industrial Engineering in 1987.
Political career
Shortly after his graduation from University, Handal returned to Honduras and became involved in politics supporting the then presidential candidate of the Liberal Party, Carlos Roberto Flores in 1989, although Roberto Flores lost to the National Party candidate, Rafael Leonardo Callejas. Handal was elected President of the Liberal Youth of San Pedro Sula in 1989. Subsequently, he was campaign coordinator for Ramon Villeda Bermudez and in August 1993 participated in the Congress of Liberal Youth where he was elected president of the Liberal Youth, serving until 2001. In 1997 he won the nomination for Congress and was elected in the 1997 General election for the constituency of Cortes.
During his time as deputy, he emphasized always being firm with his convictions, but shortly after winning the Provincial Council, he was nominated by the Liberal Party as a presidential candidate with the "New Generation" movement. During his presidential campaign, people began calling him "the Red Bull," a nickname that is recognized throughout Honduras.
During his presidential campaign, Mr. Esteban Handal Perez revamped "the renewal of the Liberal Party of Honduras with young men and women in thought, the democratization of the Liberal Party, the rescue of the liberal principles, and the guarantee of food, health, education, employment, security, and shelter for all Hondurans," among other things.
In the internal elections of the Liberal Party on 3 December 2000, Esteban Handal Pérez, the "Red Bull", received 150,000 votes, which no were not sufficient at that time to win the nomination for the Presidency by the Liberal Party. Professor Rafael Pineda Ponce lost in the general election to Ricardo Maduro Joest of the National Party. After the elections, Esteban Handal temporarily retired from politics to dedicate himself to pastoral and entrepreneurial work.
On 16 May 2010, he publicly announced in an interview with "La Tribuna," a newspaper, his intention to return to national politics and run for the Presidency as a Liberal. He justified his return with the sentiment that "the Honduran people need profound changes in the political system and also because I believe that there should be a greater social awareness by large majorities" and their lack of involvement in the events of 28 June 2009. Mr. Handal Pérez currently leads the Liberal Unity Movement and has publicly declared its intention to run in the presidential elections in 2012, with the intentions of "the construction of a new Honduras, with more opportunities for all, more democratic, more free, more developed, more just, and more worthy."
References
External links
Lanzamiento publico Esteban Handal Pérez
Entrevista Día 7 Esteban Handal
:es:Esteban Handal Pérez
Living people
Liberal Party of Honduras politicians
Deputies of the National Congress of Honduras
1965 births
Honduran businesspeople
University of Texas alumni
Louisiana State University alumni
People from San Pedro Sula
Tao is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 67 square kilometers and includes 3 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,047. The village of Fonfona, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 45 km northwest of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Üçpınar, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kutuören, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Ariana Ghez (born 1979) is an American classical oboist. She pursued her undergraduate studies at Columbia University where she majored in English literature, and at the Juilliard School, where she studied with John Mack and John Ferrillo. She was enrolled in the joint program between the two schools. She was a graduate student at Temple University under Richard Woodhams. She served as principal oboist of the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra during the 2005-2006 season, and principal oboist of the Santa Fe Opera (2005). From 2006 through 2017, she was the principal oboist of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra. In 2017, she left the LA Phil to pursue interests outside of the musical world. She and her family now reside in the Pacific Northwest.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20080422215636/http://www.laphil.com/music/artist_detail.cfm?id=2985
1979 births
Living people
American classical oboists
Aspen Music Festival and School faculty
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Juilliard School alumni
Women oboists
Gigi is a Canadian music recording project based in Vancouver, formed in 2005 by the songwriter Nick Krgovich and record producer Colin Stewart after Stewart acquired two vintage plate reverb units and asked Krgovich to write songs — Phil Spector-inspired 1950s and 1960s-style pop music — to make use of them. With 40 musicians from indie rock bands collaborating, the group released an album, Maintenant, on the Tomlab label in 2010, to mostly positive reviews.
History
Krgovich is known for his work as a member of P:ano and of No Kids. Stewart has previously worked as a record producer and recording engineer for such groups as Black Mountain, The Cave Singers and Destroyer. Regarding the origins of the project, Krgovich said, "Colin Stewart from the Hive studios just acquired these huge vintage plate reverb units and he really wanted to use them as if he was recording The Crystals or something, so he asked me to write some 'classic'-sounding pop songs to be recorded live off the floor, by a large group of musicians, Phil Spector-style." In the end, 40 artists were included as collaborators, with musicians such as Owen Pallett, Mirah, Karl Blau, and members of Ladyhawk and Weathered Pines.
The group was one of three to be selected to be part of the first Indie Band Residency at the Banff Centre in 2008, an opportunity for up-and-coming bands to spend two weeks writing and recording, with access to studios, producers and engineers. (The other two bands were Ohbijou and the Adam Brown.)
The album, Maintenant (the French word for now), was recorded over three years and released in 2010.
Reception
In an album review, PopMatters said, "At its best, Maintenant feels both effortless and timeless—much like the classic pop from which its architects clearly draw so much inspiration." Fast Forward Weekly found the sound to be "like a sampler from a long-forgotten '50s record label, spotlighting ballads and upbeat twisters that should have been floating on AM waves for the last half-century." Chart magazine's reviewer praised the "varied voices", which "ensure once the retro-kitsch has worn off, listeners will stick around." The critic Tom Harrison, of The Province, was mixed in his review, writing, "Krgovich and Stewart don't quite get it right as there are too many singers and players to manage, but that is part of the charm."
The Allmusic review noted that the album "succeeds in every way a project like this should: that is, it manages to fulfill a fantasy (i.e. one in which Rose Melberg is transported back to the early '60s, where she is the lead singer in a stellar girl group) without sounding hokey or gimmicky," and in a generally favourable review, Pitchfork Media wrote, "Gigi understands that the most important period-era sound to capture here isn't a "Be My Baby" kick-drum boom or a Bacharachian bossa nova swing (though both are in full effect), but rather the sound of repression—of forcing a smile while your heart sinks, of maintaining appearances while you're dying inside."
Discography
2010: Maintenant
Track listing
"No, My Heart Will Go On" (w/ Chorus)
"The Hundredth Time" (w/ Duffy Driediger and Ryan Peters)
"Dreams of Romance" (w/ Zac Pennington)
"Alone at the Pier" (w/ Rose Melberg)
"Everyone Can Tell" (w/ Ryan Beattie)
"One Woman Show" (w/ Joey Cook)
"I'm Not Coming Out Tonight" (w/ Marissa Johnson and Sydney Vermont)
"Some Second Best" (w/ Chorus) *
"I Can't Bring Myself to Smile" (w/ Bobby Birdman and Katy Davidson)
"Strolling Past the Old Graveyard" (w/ Karl Blau)
"The Marquee" (w/ Katie Eastburn)
"Impossible Love" (w/ Chorus)
"Won't Someone Tell Me?" (w/ Mirah)
"I'll Quit" (w/ Owen Pallett)
"'Neathe the Streetlights" (w/ Nick Krgovich)
missing from vinyl release
References
External links
Gigi at CBC Radio 3
Musical groups established in 2005
Canadian indie pop groups
Musical groups from Vancouver
2005 establishments in British Columbia
WWE Superstar Spectacle was a professional wrestling television special and livestreaming event produced by WWE. It featured wrestlers from the promotion's Raw, SmackDown, and NXT brand divisions. The event was taped on January 22, 2021, and aired on January 26 for India's Republic Day. The event was specially produced for WWE's Indian market as a part of their five-year deal with Sony Pictures Networks India. The event also incorporated elements of traditional and contemporary Indian culture and emanated from the WWE ThunderDome, hosted at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida.
Five matches were contested at the event. In the main event match, WWE Champion Drew McIntyre and The Indus Sher (Rinku and Saurav) defeated The Bollywood Boyz (Samir Singh and Sunil Singh) and the returning Jinder Mahal. The event also featured the participation of 10 Indian wrestlers from WWE's developmental system. The company later announced that 20 million people had watched the event live.
Production
Background
Coming out of the American professional wrestling promotion WWE's third-quarter financial call on October 29, 2020, WWE's President and Chief Financial Officer, Nick Khan, announced that they were working with Sony Pictures Networks India on producing an event specially targeted to their Indian market, which would air in 2021 as a television special on India's Republic Day (January 26) and would mainly feature the promotion's developing Indian wrestlers. The event would mainly air on Sony's Indian platforms and be domestically distributed to the United States via WWE's livestreaming service, the WWE Network. The television special was titled Superstar Spectacle and was a two-hour event shown on Sony TEN 1, Sony TEN 3, and Sony Max and aired at 8pm Indian Standard Time. Viewers had the option of watching the broadcast in the language of their preference, with both English commentary and Hindi commentary being offered.
On January 13, 2021, WWE announced that WWE Champion Drew McIntyre, Rey Mysterio, Charlotte Flair, AJ Styles, Bayley, The New Day (Kofi Kingston and Xavier Woods), Shinsuke Nakamura, Cesaro, Dolph Ziggler, Robert Roode, Natalya, Ricochet, WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair, and many more would be in attendance at the event. Jinder Mahal, the first WWE Champion of Indian descent, The Bollywood Boyz (Sunil Singh and Samir Singh), the Indus Sher (Rinku and Saurav), Jeet Rama, Kavita Devi, Giant Zanjeer, Dilsher Shanky, and Guru Raaj, were all further confirmed to appear.
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic that began affecting the industry in mid-March 2020, WWE had to present the majority of its programming from a behind closed doors set. Initially, Raw and SmackDown's television shows and pay-per-views were done at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando, Florida, while NXT's events were held at Full Sail University in Winter Park, Florida. In late August, Raw and SmackDown's programs were moved to a bio-secure bubble called the WWE ThunderDome. The select live audience was no longer utilized as the bubble allowed fans to attend the events virtually for free and be seen on the nearly 1,000 LED boards within the arena. Additionally, the ThunderDome utilized various special effects to further enhance wrestlers' entrances, and arena audio was mixed with that of the chants from the virtual fans. After being hosted at Orlando's Amway Center, the ThunderDome was relocated to Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida in December. In October, NXT's events were moved to the Performance Center in a set up called the "Capitol Wrestling Center," an homage to the Capitol Wrestling Corporation, the predecessor to WWE. It was similar to the ThunderDome, but included a small crowd of select fans. Superstar Spectacle was scheduled to be held at the ThunderDome and feature wrestlers from Raw, SmackDown, and NXT. The event was recorded on January 22, 2021, and aired on tape delay on January 26.
Storylines
The event included matches that resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed heroes, villains, or less distinguishable characters in scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match. Results were predetermined by WWE's writers on the Raw, SmackDown, and NXT brands, while storylines were produced on WWE's weekly television shows, Monday Night Raw, Friday Night SmackDown, and NXT.
Reception
Ian Hamilton of 411mania gave Superstar Spectacle a 7.2 out of 10, remarking of the Indian performers (including those making their television debut) that "for a group of guys effectively trained from scratch, this wasn't half bad", and believing that the show was a potential step towards a future "NXT India" (following the example of NXT UK).
According to Sean Ross Sapp of Fightful, WWE claimed that 20 million people watched the event live.
Results
Notes
References
External links
2021 WWE Network events
2021 in professional wrestling in Florida
Events in St. Petersburg, Florida
January 2021 events in the United States
Professional wrestling in St. Petersburg, Florida
Mar Sisin, the letter of the last thought (Syrian: Mār Sîsin, ?–291/292), also known as Sisinnius (Latin: Sisinnius), one of the twelve Apostles of the founder of Mani. He was one of the most influential Manichaeans in the early church, as he served as a core figure of the early church and was the first Manichaean Archegos, the head of the Manichaean religion.
Mission
Mo Sixin was one of the twelve apostles chosen by Mani himself. When Mani was alive, he had a high status within Manichaeism. When Mani left Babylon, he was responsible for the internal work of the church. He went to the Roman Empire and preached in Central Asia. Around 261-262, Mo Sixin went to Mary to inspect and was very satisfied with the missionary situation there. He sent someone to bring two holy books and to see Mar Ammo who was preaching in Zamb. He copied these books in Mulu.
Leading the Church
In 273, Mar Ammo went to visit Mani in prison, and Mani delivered the "last letter" to Mohamo, explaining the affairs of the church. In 274, Mani was executed by Bahram I. In 276, Mo Sixin was appointed to become the first Archegos of the Manichean Babylonian Church. It is also said that Mo Sixin only became the Archegos five years after Mani's death. Mo Sixin served as the Archegos for ten years. Leading the Manichaeans to adhere to their beliefs, making Ctesiphon the place where the Manichaean holy seat resides in Tin, and is unanimously recognized by all Manichaeans around the world. In 286, Bahram I set off a new wave of persecution of Manichaeans, Mo Sixin was martyred in this persecution. In the Dunhuang manuscript "Chinese Manichaean hymn scroll", he left his absolute letter "Sigh of impermanence" to warn the faithful We should not be greedy for the material comforts of the world, and be obsessed with the physical body for the dark demon delusion. We should practice diligently before death, and ascend to Heaven after death so that we can liberate ourselves and achieve enlightenment.
Remembrance
After Mo Sixin's death, Innaios, one of the Twelve Apostles, succeeded him as the Archegos. Thanks to the diplomatic efforts of Illinois, the persecution of Manichaeism has temporarily come to an end. In order to commemorate the sacrifice of Mosshin, the Manichaeism held a two-day Fasting becomes one of the five times "double-day Fasts" every year.
See also
Manichaeism
Mani
Mar Ammo
References
Manichaeans
Martyrs
290s deaths
Girls' Academy of Newark is a public all-girls' school in Newark, in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. The school, under Newark Public Schools, is located in the Louise A. Spencer School complex in Central Ward. The school, scheduled to become a grade 6-12 school, opened in 2013 with 75 sixth-grade students. It was the first public all-girls' school in New Jersey since Battin High School in Elizabeth, which merged into a boys' school in 1977.
See also
Eagle Academy for Young Men of Newark - An all-boys' school in Newark
References
External links
2013 establishments in New Jersey
Girls' schools in New Jersey
Education in Newark, New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 2013
Public high schools in New Jersey
Public middle schools in New Jersey
Lac Léopold II District (, ) was a district of the Congo Free State, Belgian Congo and Democratic Republic of the Congo. It went through various changes in extent, but roughly corresponded to the modern Mai-Ndombe Province.
Location
The district takes its name from Lac Léopold II, today called Lake Mai-Ndombe, which drains to the west along the Fimi River to the Kasai River, a major left tributary of the Congo River.
The district seat was the town of Inongo, on the northeast shore of the lake.
At its greatest extent between 1914 and 1933 the district extended west from the lake to the Congo River.
To the east it extended along the whole length of the Lokoro River in the north, and along most of the Lukenie River in the south up to the border of the present Sankuru province.
History
In 1895 the number of the districts in the Congo Free State was increased to fifteen, including Lac Léopold II District.
The district had been carved out of the north of Kasai District.
A map of the Congo Free State in 1897 shows the Lac Léopold II district to the east of the Stanley Pool District, south of the Équateur District and north of the Lualaba Kassai District.
The district surrounds Lac Léopold II, and extends in a rectangular area along the whole length of the Lukenie River to the east.
The Lokoro River is not shown.
The western portion, previously part of the Moyen-Congo District, was added to Lac Léopold II District in 1914.
The period between 1927 and 1933 was unsettled, particularly in the Dengese Territory in the east of the district on the border with Sankuru District. There were police actions and occupations in 1927, and the authorities ordered complete disarmament of the population.
Police actions continued in 1928, and at the start of 1929 the territory was subject to general occupation.
In August 1931 an administrator was ambushed by Dengese helped by some Bapende and Bankutshu.
15 of the attackers were killed before they withdrew after killing one soldier and wounding another.
A massive military operation was ordered in response, but incidents continued.
Resistance combined passive disobedience such as refusal to pay taxes and active attacks such as arson in Dija.
The situation was gradually brought under control, and by mid-March the district was generally calm.
The whole Dengese territory was occupied until December 1932, and occupations of Gandeole, Ikongolo, Tshiki and Gele in the Dengese area continued until December 1934.
Factors that had contributed to the revolt included the arrival of newcomers from the Sankuru District to the east, the use of force to compel labor on the cotton plantations, and the economic downturn of 1931.
During the reorganization of 1933 a portion in the east was removed from Lac Léopold II District and added to Kasaï District, while a portion in the west along the Congo River was added to the Bas-Congo District.
The smaller Lac Léopold II District was part of the new Léopoldville Province.
The district in 1955–1957 was essentially the same as the current Mai-Ndombe Province.
It bordered the French possessions to the east, Kwango and Kwilu districts to the south, Kasai District to the west, and Tshuapa and Equateur districts to the north.
The area was out of a total of for Leopoldville province as a whole.
In the 1960s the province was renamed to Bandundu Province and the district was renamed to Mai-Ndombe District.
Maps
See also
Districts of the Congo Free State
Districts of the Belgian Congo
Districts of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mai-Ndombe District
References
Sources
Further reading
Districts of the Congo Free State
Districts of the Belgian Congo
Districts of Équateur (former province)
Districts of Bandundu Province
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1989.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
8 February - Karl-Andreas Kalmet, actor
2 April - Liis Lass, actress
1 March - Karl-Erik Taukar, singer and TV host
16 May - Pääru Oja, actor
Deaths
14 December - Ants Eskola, actor and director
Manikganj-2 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2014 by Momtaz Begum of the Awami League.
Boundaries
The constituency encompasses Harirampur and Singair upazilas, and four union parishads of Manikganj Sadar Upazila: Bhararia, Hati Para, and Putail.
History
The constituency was created in 1984 from a Dhaka constituency when the former Dhaka District was split into six districts: Manikganj, Munshiganj, Dhaka, Gazipur, Narsingdi, and Narayanganj.
Ahead of the 2008 general election, the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census. The 2008 redistricting altered the boundaries of the constituency.
Members of Parliament
Elections
Elections in the 2010s
Momtaz Begum was elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election.
Elections in the 2000s
Harunur Rashid Khan Monno stood for two seats in the 2001 general election: Manikganj-2 and Manikganj-3. After winning both, he chose to represent Manikganj-3 and quit Manikganj-2, triggering a by-election in Manikganj-2. Independent candidate Samsuddin Ahmed was elected in a November 2001 by-election.
Elections in the 1990s
References
External links
Parliamentary constituencies in Bangladesh
Manikganj District
The Wales Way () is the name collectively given to a series of three tourist routes in Wales, UK, promoted by Visit Wales, the government agency charged with promoting tourism in the country. The three routes are the 180-mile Coastal Way, the 75-mile North Wales Way and the 185-mile Cambrian Way. The Wales Way was launched in late 2018.
The Cambrian Way (Welsh: Ffordd Cambria) extends from Cardiff on the Bristol Channel north through the heart of the country to Llandudno on the North Wales coast. Highlights include the towns of Brecon, Builth Wells, Rhayader, Dolgellau, Blaenau Ffestiniog, Betws-y-coed and Conwy. It passes through both the Brecon Beacons and Snowdonia national parks. This Cambrian Way should not be confused with the long-distance walkers' route, the Cambrian Way which runs from Cardiff to Conwy.
The Coastal Way (Welsh: Ffordd Arforidol or sometimes Ffordd yr Arfordir) runs from Aberdaron near the western tip of the Llŷn Peninsula around the edge of Cardigan Bay to St Davids in northwest Pembrokeshire, and running through two national parks, Snowdonia and the Pembrokeshire Coast. Highlights include Portmeirion, Criccieth, Barmouth, Aberaeron, New Quay, Newport and St Davids.
The North Wales Way (Welsh: Ffordd Gogledd Cymru or sometimes Ffordd y Gogledd) runs from Mold in northeast Wales to Anglesey, its western terminus being the Irish Sea port of Holyhead. Highlights include the Clwydian Range and Dee Valley AONB (with the Clwydian Range hills) and the resort towns of Colwyn Bay and Llandudno and the historic towns of Ruthin and Conwy where it enters Snowdonia.
See also
North Coast 500
Wild Atlantic Way
References
External links
Visit Wales Roadshow 2019 – The Wales Way
Scenic routes in the United Kingdom
DWDS (106.1 FM), on air as 106.1 Animo! FM, is a radio station owned and operated by De La Salle Lipa through its AB Communications Radio Guild. Its studio is located at room MB 408, 4th Floor, Mabini Building, De La Salle Lipa, 1962 J.P. Laurel National Highway, Tambo, Lipa, Batangas, with transmitter located at the 7th floor.
Station history
2008-09: Launch and transmitter problems
DWDS was launched in June 2008 as a project of the Bachelor of Arts In Communication to gain an avenue for its students to test the radio medium for future employment. Plans for the station were already as early as 2007.
Its inaugural slogan that ran until February 2018 was The Best Campus Radio You Love!. Currently, it has been relegated as a secondary slogan.
In April 2009, however, technical problems caused the transmitter to bug down, causing the station to cease operations.
2010–present: Relaunch and developments
The station was relaunched in August 2010 after a year of inactivity, However, problems still hound the station as it only employs one technical personnel and programming has become more irregular.
Typhoon Glenda (Rammasun)'s onslaught forced the station to cease operations until October 2014.
On February 8, 2017, 106.1 Animo! FM underwent technical maintenance, causing the station to go off-air until it returned on April 17, 2017. As part of its relaunch under new program manager April Rose Magpantay, it mirrored that of ALFM 95.9 Radyo Totoo by adding a religious programming block for its first 90 minutes after sign-on as The Daily Bread. Magpantay was succeeded in August 2017 by Rocelyn Fandiño.
Upon the change of leadership, infotainment shows hosted by undergraduates were added in the grid outside the religious programming block. This arrangement under the academics lasted for three months until Camille da Silva was appointed for the 2nd semester of academic year 2017–2018.
On February 26, 2018, the station discontinued its religious programming for undisclosed reasons. On March 9, 2018, it debuted its updated jingle and slogan, The Number One and Only One. Da Silva was succeeded as programming and Radio Guild head by CJ Andaya in July 2018.
On September 3, 2018, the station inaugurated an expanded Christmas radio programming block branded as 106.1 Animo! FM Christmas Service, broadcasting twice to thrice per week from September to November until expanding to a weekday basis in December. Prior to the expansion, the station only used the format - albeit informal, annually every December.
On February 15, 2019, the station underwent another phase of renovation with the procurement of a replacement antenna and new studio equipment as a part of the refurbishment of the AB Communications Laboratory. It resumed operations on August 6.
Area of coverage
DWDS covers the entire campus of De La Salle Lipa and the west-central portion of Lipa City. With a good radio receiver, listeners as far east as Barangay Talisay and as far south as the Ibaan, Batangas toll plaza of the STAR Tollway can pick up a grade B coverage from its 10-watt (ERP of 30 watt) signal, powered by a Harris in-studio switcher.
References
Radio stations in Batangas
Radio stations established in 2008
2008 establishments in the Philippines
Isabel Charlotte Talbot, Baroness Talbot de Malahide, (née Blake-Humfrey; formerly Gurney; 20 December 1851 – 22 February 1932) was an English philanthropist.
She was born at Wroxham House, Norfolk, the daughter of Robert Blake-Humfrey, a retired army officer who had lost a leg at the Battle of the Nive in 1813, and his wife Charlotte. In 1871 she married John Gurney (1845–1887), a wealthy Norwich banker from the Gurney family of Earlham Hall, connected to many social reformers. She and her husband were deeply involved in many educational and philanthropic projects in Norwich, including the conversion of Norwich Castle into the city museum. He was a Justice of the Peace and the mayor of Norwich. With his health failing, in 1886 the couple moved to Cannes, France, where he died the following year, aged 41.
She returned to their home at Sprowston Hall and lived there until 1898, when she moved to Grosvenor Place, London, and became a notable hostess. In December 1901 she married Richard Wogan Talbot, 5th Baron Talbot de Malahide (1846–1921) and moved to his home at Malahide Castle, County Dublin, where she continued her philanthropic work. During the First World War she served as president of the County of Dublin Branch of the British Red Cross Society and the Irish Joint Red Cross and St John Executive Committee. For this work she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours. During the War, she was also a member of the Irish Central Committee for the Employment of Women.
Lord Talbot de Malahide died in 1921 and his widow moved back to London. She became heavily involved with the Women's Institute and founded a branch (and served as its president) near her country home at Compton Regis, near Shrivenham, Berkshire.
Lady Talbot was a talented artist in both watercolour and oils. She published two books, Foundations of National Glory and Golden Opportunities. She had five sons and two daughters by her first marriage. They included Sir Eustace Gurney, diplomat Hugh Gurney and scientist Robert Gurney.
References
Obituary, The Times, 23 February 1932
1851 births
1932 deaths
People from Wroxham
English philanthropists
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Talbot de Malahide
Talbot of Malahide
British women in World War I
Hauke, , is a fairly common Frisian masculine given name. According to onomatologist Rienk de Haan, this name developed from a reduced form of Germanic names starting with either Habuk- (meaning "hawk") or with Hug- (meaning "brain"). If the last etymology is correct, Hauke would be the Frisian version of Hugo.
In the West Frisian language, masculine given names can usually be adapted to equivalent feminine given names. In the case of Hauke, this is accomplished by dropping the voiceless final syllable and adding a diminutive suffix in its place (in this case -je), resulting in Haukje. This is a reasonably common name in the Dutch province of Friesland, though often spelled Houkje, as Hauke is often spelled Houke there.
People with the name Hauke
Some notable people with this name are:
Given name
Hauke Fuhlbrügge, former German runner
Hauke Harder, German composer
Hauke Jagau, German politician
Hauke Haien, fictional character in Theodor Storm's novella Der Schimmelreiter
Surname
The Polish Hauke-Bosak family
Józef Hauke-Bosak (1834–1871), Polish general
John Maurice Hauke (1775–1830), Polish general
Julia Hauke (Julia, Princess of Battenberg, 1825–1895), daughter of John Maurice, wife of Prince Alexander of Hesse and by Rhine
Richard L. Hauke (1930–2001), American botanist
Tobias Hauke (born 1987), German field hockey player
See also
Auke (name)
Surnames from given names
References
Frisian masculine given names
German masculine given names
German-language surnames
Sabaholdu, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Steven GE Marsh BSc ARCS PhD FRCPath, is a British immunogeneticist and leader in the field of histocompatibility and immunogenetics having published more than 400 scientific papers on the subject. Marsh holds a professorship in the subject at University College London and the deputy directorship of research and leader of the HLA Informatics Group at the charity Anthony Nolan.
Marsh has made contributions to standardization of human leukocyte antigen nomenclature as Chair of the World Health Organization's Nomenclature Committee for Factors of the HLA System.
Publications
The HLA FactsBook [Paperback] | | Publication Date: January 5, 2000
References
British geneticists
Academics of University College London
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sankharavam is a 1987 Telugu-language action film directed by Krishna. It stars Krishna, Bhanupriya, Rajani, Mahesh Babu. The film was produced by U. Suryanarayana Babu under the Padmavathi Films banner. Songs were composed by Bappi Lahiri while Raj–Koti composed the background score.
Cast
Krishna as Vijay & Vikram (dual role)
Bhanupriya as Jyothi
Rajani as Inspector Sobharani
Mahesh Babu as Raja
Charan Raj as Pruthvipathi
Giri Babu as Uday
Ranganath as S.P. Kulakarni
Thyagaraju as D.I.G.
Vinod as Z
Mikkilineni as Meesala Pedda Venkataramaiah
P. J. Sarma as Church Father
Mada as Ponnu Swamy
Annapurna as Mahalakshmi
Maheeja as Damarakalakshmi
Sandhya as Rekha
Master V.K.Naveen
Baby Priya as Priya
Crew
Art: B. Chalam
Choreography: Srinivas
Fights: Saahul
Story - Dialogues: Paruchuri Brothers
Lyrics: Veturi
Playback: Raj Seetharam, P. Susheela
Music: Bappi Lahiri
Background Score: Raj–Koti
Cinematography: Pushpala Gopikrishna
Producer: U. Suryanarayana Babu
Editor - screenplay - director: Krishna
Banner: Padmavathi Films
Release date: 16 July 1987
Music
Songs were composed by Bappi Lahiri. Lyrics are written by Veturi. Music released on LEO Audio Company.
References
Indian action films
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
Films scored by Raj–Koti
1987 action films
1987 films
West Virginia Illusion was an American women's soccer team, founded in 2008, which is a member of the United Soccer Leagues W-League. The Illusion played in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference. The team folded after the 2008 season.
The team played their home games in the stadium on the campus of Fairmont State University in Fairmont, West Virginia. The club's colors was black and white.
Squad 2015
Season-by-season record
External links
West Virginia Illusion
Defunct USL W-League (1995–2015) teams
Women's soccer clubs in the United States
Soccer clubs in West Virginia
2008 establishments in West Virginia
2008 disestablishments in West Virginia
Defunct sports teams in West Virginia
Association football clubs established in 2008
Association football clubs disestablished in 2008
Women in West Virginia
The Mvung River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ivindo River.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
Global Thinkers Forum (GTF) is a non-profit, London-based organisation and was incubated at Oxford University's Said Business School in 2011. It has been created to "help our societies and leaders navigate a very complex world".
GTF launched officially in 2012 in Amman, Jordan.
History
GTF was founded in 2012 by Elizabeth Filippouli.
The 1st GTF and inaugural GTF Awards for Excellence took place in Amman, Jordan (6-8 October 2012) discussing the role of the modern Arab woman, in the MENA region and globally.
GTF convened some 350 international executives under the patronage of Queen Rania of Jordan and with the support of the King Abdullah II Fund for Development. GTF was incubated at Oxford Said Business School as an initiative to create new thinking and effect positive change for the world.
Speakers and audience at GTF 2012 discussed issues such as the Arab Spring and the role of women in social transformation.
Columbia University Professor Saskia Sassen discussed her theory of the ‘Global Street' and the city as a space where 'the powerless can make history'.
In 2013 Global Thinkers Forum organized its annual event and the GTF 2013 Awards for Excellence in Athens, Greece under the theme ‘Leadership & Collaboration'. Among the GTF 2013 speakers in Athens were the High Representative of the UN Alliance of Civilizations, Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser, UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador Marianna V. Vardinoyiannis who talked about Philanthropy and creating change, Geir Lippestad, the defense lawyer for the Norwegian right-wing extremist Anders Behring Breivik who shared his experience about the impact of terrorist activities in Norway, Professor Tu Weiming, Stephen Cole, Ali Aslan, Hani Masri.
The 2nd Forum opened with a keynote by the High Representative of the UN Alliance of Civilizations H.E. Mr. Nassir Abdulaziz Al Nasser, highlighting the importance of leadership responsibility at an international level.
The event was held under the auspices of the Mayor of Athens Yorgos Kaminis
Discussions on matters concerning Leadership, Collaboration and Cultural Understanding were held within the framework of the Forum.
In 2014 GTF hosted its Awards in Dubai, UAE on 28 November 2014 under the theme: ‘Arab Women as Changemakers-A Celebration of Achievements'.
In 2015 GTF co-hosted a Forum in Athens, Greece in partnership with Carnegie Council under the theme 'Democracy & Values', creating conversations around leadership and accountability, the issue of collective liability and ethical business.
The event was attended by 150 Academics, CEOs, public officials and entrepreneurs and was held under the auspices of the Municipality of Athens,. It brought to Greece members of Carnegie Council's Global Ethics Fellows Network.
Organization
Global Thinkers Forum also creates smaller events such as workshops and roundtable discussions, promoting women's and youth empowerment.
In April 2014, Global Thinkers Forum and Google UAE co-hosted an event dedicated to women entrepreneurs & innovation in the Google offices in Dubai, in partnership with Oasis500 and Google.
The event featured eight young women pitching to a crowd of MENA investors
In July 2014 GTF hosted the State Department's Special Representative for Commercial and Business Affairs (CBA) Lorraine Hariton in London, for a conversation on international business development, moderated by Bloomberg's Stryker McGuire.
Five-year goals
GTF's mission (five-year goals 2012-2016)is cited to 'nurture leadership talent among women and youth'. As part of this commitment the think tank maps, links, collects and integrates information from across the international system, creates events that help share knowledge and establish common best practices in governance, business, society. Women are at the heart of these issues and
so is youth, around which GTF creates initiatives and discussions that also bring into the conversation social issues of global interest.
GTF also produces publications and engages its members in sector-specific initiatives. In 2014 GTF partnered with UN Women to help advance the Beijing +20 platforms and create conversations on Women's Rights in the MENA region.
Global Thinkers Mentors
Focusing on two of the GTF's key focus areas (Youth development and Women's Empowerment).
Funding sources and membership
GTF is funded by sponsors from the private sector, grants, donations and through annual memberships. Among companies and organizations who have supported GTF are: UN Women, Anna Lindh Foundation, Oasis500, King Abdullah II Fund for Development, Solidarity Now, Qatar Airways, Umniah, Montegrappa, Vodafone, Shell, Ahli Bank.
Advisory board
The GTF Advisory Board steers the overall strategy, direction and effectiveness of the organization. Notable members of the GTF Boards include: Princess Sumaya bint El Hassan, Saskia Sassen, Muna AbuSulayman, Salim Amin, Queen Sylvia of Buganda, Roya Mahboob, Victoria A. Budson, Marc Ventresca, Hakan Altinay, Lucian Hudson, Richard Sambrook, Dirk Brossé, Ameera A. Binkaram
GTF Awards for Excellence
In 2012, GTF inaugurated its honorary Awards for Excellence. The GTF Awards go to individuals nominated by the GTF Advisory Board and have a "proven track record of integrity and positive change". Among GTF Award Honourees are: Queen Rania of Jordan, His All Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I of Constantinople, Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi, Zaha Hadid, Nouriel Roubini, Arianna Huffington, Hayat Sindi, CEO of Injaz Deema Bibi, Dirk Brossé, Margery Kraus CEO APCO, Princess Rym al-Ali, Marianna Vardinoyannis, Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser, Ibrahim Abouleish Founder of SEKEM, Sir David Frost, Shahira Amin, Tu Weiming, Maisah Sobaihi, Haifa Fahoum Al Kaylani, Muna Abu Sulayman
Notable strategic partners
Among Global Thinkers Forum's strategic partners are: UN Women, King Abdullah II Fund for Development, Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs, Anna Lindh Foundation, Solidarity Now, The UK Media Society, Mowgli Foundation, Open University, Sharjah Business Women Council, ALBA Business School.
References
Bibliography
By Dr Reginald Watts, Dr Roger Hayes (2015). Reframing the Leadership Landscape: Creating a Culture of Collaboration. Gower Publishing Ltd (London, UK).
Organizations established in 2012
Non-profit organisations based in London
2012 establishments in the United Kingdom
The Tri-Rivers Conference is a high school conference in eastern Iowa sponsoring athletic competition, as well as speech and music activities. Formed in 1967, the conference has enjoyed long-term stability while enduring periods of significant change over its 50-plus year history. With the return of Edgewood–Colesburg in 2017 (after a brief 4-year hiatus), all but one of the founding members were still conference members. (Center Point, following its merger with Urbana, simply out-grew its former competitors).
Members
*Although Isaac Newton Christian Academy is not technically a member, they co-op with Cedar Valley Christian for almost all activities.
Historic roots of the Tri-Rivers Conference
The conference's roots go back to the annual Linn County basketball tournament, first played in 1929–30. High schools competing throughout most of the 1930s, 40s and 50s included Alburnett, Center Point, Central City, Coggon, Ely, Lisbon, Mt.Vernon, Palo, Springville, Toddville, Troy Mills, Viola and Walker. These 13 schools were all located outside the Cedar Rapids-Marion urban area and the high schools generally had significantly smaller enrollments than their urban counterparts.
In January 1951, 8 schools, Alburnett, Center Point, Central City, Palo, Toddville, Troy Mills, Viola and Walker, joined together to form what was tentatively named the Upper Linn basketball league. Coggon and Springville attended the meeting but decided not to join, while Lisbon was already affiliated with the Wapsi-Eight league, Mt. Vernon was affiliated with the Eastern Iowa league, and Ely was no longer a high school. Ultimately renamed simply the Linn County league, the new league would begin play in 1951–52. Toddville merged with Alburnett beginning with the 1953–54 season, reducing the Linn County league to 7 schools. The league would play its 4th and final season in 1954–55.
Beginning in 1955–56, the Linn County league was succeeded by the 7-member All-Ac (All Activities) league. The new league was formed by 5 of the 7 remaining Linn County league schools: Alburnett, Center Point, Central City, Troy Mills and Walker, joined by Coggon and by Winthrop, from Buchanan County. (Palo and Viola took different paths and their high schools would both close by the early 1960s.) In early 1957, superintendents of the 12 non-metro schools in Linn County voted to not hold the boys and girls county basketball tournaments in 1957–58 and to drop the county music festival as well; both examples of county-based institutions giving way to conference-based ones. In 1959–60, the new Linn-Mar (Marion) high school joined the All-Ac bringing it to 8 schools, and in 1960–61, Winthrop, Aurora and Quasqueton merged to form East Buchanan, bringing the later two communities into the league. East Buchanan would leave after the 1961–62 season, but Springville joined in 1962–63 keeping league membership at 8.
During the 1960s, as high school football's popularity rapidly grew, Central City, Coggon and Linn-Mar (All-Ac members with early football programs), joined with Lincoln (Stanwood), Midland (Wyoming) and Olin to form the Pinicon football conference, beginning play in the fall of 1964. Center Point joined the Pinicon beginning with the 1965 season, and Springville joined for 1966, bringing the football league membership to 8, 5 of them active members of the All-Ac conference. The fall of 1966 would be the third and final year of the Pinicon as the soon-to-be-formed Tri-Rivers conference would include football and begin play in the fall of 1967.
1966–67 would also be the final year of the All-Ac. Coggon, Troy Mills and Walker remained a part of the league, but were playing their first year of competition as North Linn. And Linn-Mar was competing in both the All-Ac and East Central Iowa (ECI) league for one season in preparation for a complete move to the ECI the following year. The combined effect was a net loss of 3 teams, leading the All-Ac to reconfigure and reemerge the following season as the Tri-Rivers Conference.
Tri-Rivers Conference history
The Tri-Rivers first season of athletic competition was 1967–68. The new conference included 5 teams from the former All-Ac that represented 8 of the 13 teams that had played basketball together since at least the late 1920s: Alburnett (and Toddville), Central City, Center Point, North Linn (Coggon, Troy Mills and Walker) and Springville. East Buchanan (Winthrop) returned to join its former All-Ac competitors following a 5-year hiatus in the Upper Mississippi League. Coming with East Buchanan from the Upper Mississippi was Edgewood–Colesburg and Maquoketa Valley (Delhi).
Starmont (former independent) joined the Tri-Rivers in 1974–75. Jesup (formerly in the Cedar-Wapsie league) joined the conference in 1987-88. In 1989–90, Center Point began 'whole sharing' with Urbana bringing Urbana into the conference as part of the Stormin' Pointers. Center Point and Urbana (CPU) officially merged in 1993-94. Jesup left the league after the 1997–98 school year for the North Iowa Cedar League.
In 2003–04, the Tri-Rivers expanded to 12 with the addition of Anamosa, Cascade, and Monticello from a struggling Big Bend Conference. At that point the conference was split into two divisions: River (larger schools) Anamosa, Cascade, CPU, Maquoketa Valley, Monticello and Starmont, and Valley (smaller schools) Alburnett, Central City, East Buchanan, Edgewood–Colesburg, North Linn and Springville. After the 2006–07 school year, Anamosa and CPU (then 2 of the conference's 3 largest schools) left for the WaMaC where they would be competing against schools closer to their own size. At that point the smaller 10-member Tri-Rivers conference reverted to a single-division format.
A 2012 order from the Iowa Department of Education would force a realignment of conferences in eastern Iowa. In anticipation of the changes Starmont and Edgewood–Colesburg moved to the Upper Iowa Conference beginning with the 2013–14 school year.
When the state order was finalized, its changes took effect beginning with the 2013–14 school year and locked schools into the state-dictated conference alignments for 4 years. The order moved Cascade and Monticello from the Tri-Rivers to the newly formed River Valley Conference. The order dissolved the Big East Conference, and expanded the Tri-Rivers to 13 teams. Coming from the disbanded Big East were Bellevue Marquette, Calamus–Wheatland, Clinton Prince of Peace, Easton Valley (Preston), Lisbon and Midland (Wyoming). Also placed in the Tri-Rivers was Cedar Valley Christian (CVC) of Cedar Rapids, which began competing in 2011–12 as an independent, but had been seeking conference affiliation.
The resulting Tri-Rivers conference split itself into two divisions: West (the remaining original members plus Lisbon) Alburnett, Central City, East Buchanan, Lisbon, Maquoketa Valley, North Linn and Springville, and East (former Big East members plus CVC) Bellevue Marquette, Calamus–Wheatland, Clinton Prince of Peace, CVC, Easton Valley and Midland.
In 2017–18, when the state-imposed alignments expired, Edgewood–Colesburg rejoined the conference as a member of the West division and Lisbon moved to the East division. In 2018–19, Starmont rejoined as a member of the West division. This would be short lived, and the following year Starmont would re-affiliate with the Upper Iowa Conference. The loss would eliminate divisions in the conference.
The 2022-2023 academic year will see current River Valley Conference member North Cedar join the conference bringing membership of the Tri-Rivers conference to 16 teams.
Tri-Rivers pro-athlete alumni
The conference has advanced at least three athletes to the pros:
Al Eberhard played for the Springville Orioles, and graduated from Springville High School, located in Springville, Iowa. Eberhard attended Missouri University from 1972–74 and played with the Missouri Tigers. A 6'6" power forward, he averaged 16.9 points a game in college, and was a first round pick of the 1974 NBA Draft by the Detroit Pistons. He played four seasons with the Pistons. Eberhard is a member of the Iowa High School Basketball Hall of Fame, as well as the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame.
Robert Gallery played for the East Buchanan Buccaneers and graduated from East Buchanan High School in Winthrop, Iowa. He played college football at the University of Iowa and professional football for the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks and the New England Patriots.
References
External links
Official site
High school sports in Iowa
1967 establishments in Iowa
Sport leagues established in 1967
Alamanda was a trobairitz whose only surviving work is a tenso with Giraut de Bornelh called . In the past she was usually considered fictitious and the "tenso" was considered a piece of Giraut's writing. However, an Alamanda is mentioned by three other troubadours, including the trobairitz Lombarda, indicating that she was probably real and quite prominent in Occitan poetic circles.
Her tenso with Giraut de Bornelh mirrors in form a canso by the Comtessa de Dia.
The trobairitz is probably identical with the Alamanda de Castelnau or Castelnou who was born around 1160. She was probably poetically active only briefly while spending her youth at the court of Raymond V of Toulouse (reigned 1148-1194). She left his court to marry Guilhem de Castelnou and later became a canoness of Saint-Étienne at Toulouse, dying in 1223.
Sources
Sources
Bruckner, Matilda Tomaryn; Shepard, Laurie; and White, Sarah. Songs of the Women Troubadours. New York: Garland Publishing, 1995. .
M. L. Abbé Salvan, Histoire Générale de l'église de Toulouse: Depuis les temps les plus recalés jusqu'à nos jours (Toulouse, 1859) (external link to Internet Archive text)
1160s births
1223 deaths
Trobairitz
Year of birth uncertain
12th-century French troubadours
12th-century French women writers
13th-century French women
The 1940 United States House of Representatives elections in Virginia were held on November 5, 1940 to determine who will represent the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States House of Representatives. Virginia had nine seats in the House, apportioned according to the 1930 United States Census. Representatives are elected for two-year terms.
Overview
References
See also
1940 United States House of Representatives elections
1940 United States Senate election in Virginia
Virginia
1940
1940 Virginia elections
Vincennes Subglacial Basin () is a subglacial basin to the north of Dome Charlie in Wilkes Land, running ENE-WSW and joining Aurora Subglacial Basin with Adventure Subglacial Trench. The feature was delineated by the Scott Polar Research Institute (SPRI)-National Science Foundation (NSF)-Technical University of Denmark (TUD) airborne radio echo sounding program, 1967–79, and named after Vincennes, the command ship of the United States Exploring Expedition, 1838-42 (Lieutenant Charles Wilkes, USN).
Structural basins of Antarctica
Landforms of Wilkes Land
Nobles are members of a nobility.
Nobles may also refer to:
Noble and Greenough School, a preparatory school in Dedham, Massachusetts, United States
Nobles County, Minnesota, United States
Nobles, Tennessee, an unincorporated community, United States
Nobles a series of books written for the Forgotten Realms of Dungeons & Dragons
Nobles: The Shining Host, a book for the Changeling: The Dreaming tabletop role-playing game
People with the surname
Cliff Nobles (born 1944), American pop singer
Gene Nobles (1913–1989), American radio disc jockey
Gerald Nobles (born 1971), American boxer
Melissa Nobles, American political scientist and academic administrator
Vada Nobles (21st century), American record producer and songwriter
William Nobles (disambiguation)
William Nobles (cinematographer), American cinematographer.
William H. Nobles (1816-1876), American politician
See also
Noble (disambiguation)
Gerry Gravelle (born 15 December 1934) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics.
References
1934 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
The following lists events that happened during 1939 in Afghanistan.
A year of otherwise peaceful progress is broken by echoes of the trouble in Europe. The government declares its neutrality, but is reported to have ordered a general mobilization and to be exercising special vigilance on the Soviet frontier. In its attitude generally, Afghanistan is keeping touch with the other signatories of the Treaty of Saadabad, (Turkey, Iraq, and Iran).
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Zahir Shah
Prime Minister – Mohammad Hashim Khan
May 1939
It is announced that the government has decided to privatize all government-owned factories.
September 7, 1939
In the week following the German invasion of Poland, hostilities against the government are opened on the eastern border by a tribal gathering from Tirah, but it is suppressed in little more than a week by joint action on the part of the Afghan and British authorities.
December 1939
The government announces the opening of a twice-weekly bus service between Kabul and Mazari Sharif, in Afghan Turkestan, a distance of 382 miles (615 km), by a road traversing the Hindu Kush which was first planned by King Nadir Shah.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Brenderup is a town located on the island of Funen in south Denmark, in Middelfart Municipality.
Notable people
Frederik Hilfling-Rasmussen (1869 in Brenderup – 1941) a Danish-born Norwegian photographer
References
Cities and towns in the Region of Southern Denmark
Middelfart Municipality
"Du bist mein" (; ) is a song by Swiss-Albanian rapper Loredana, German-Lebanese rapper Zuna and Dutch producer SRNO. It was released on 27 March 2020 through Groove Attack and Loredana.
Commercially, the song peaked at number one in Germany, where it became Loredana's fourth, as well as Zuna's and SRNO's first number one single.
Background
The song marks the second collaboration between Loredana and Zuna, after the latter had previously co-written the song "Angst". Zefi teased the song release on 23 March 2020 by posting a clip of the song. According to her, the hook was created while being in quarantine. The project sparked further speculation about both artists possibly dating.
Critical reception
Lukas Breit of Rap.de thought the song "impresses with its summery vibes" and "spreads a good mood during times of quarantine". The editors at Laut.de described the song as "simple, yet effective" while the "Dancehall-tinged beat provides an appropriate basis for Loredana's and Zuna's superficial lyrics".
Music video
The accompanying music video was released on 27 March 2020 and directed by the rappers themselves. The video was filmed at Loredana's home near Lake Lucerne while her and Zuna placed themselves in self-isolation due to the COVID-19 epidemic. It features shots of both rappers, and a compilation of TikTok users doing dance routines to the song. The video reached more than 1,9 million views in its first 19 hours.
Charts
See also
List of number-one hits of 2020 (Germany)
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Loredana Zefi songs
German-language songs
Number-one singles in Germany
Songs written by Loredana Zefi
Sarah Alexander (born Sarah Smith; 3 January 1971) is an English actress. She has appeared in British series including Armstrong and Miller, Smack the Pony, Coupling, The Worst Week of My Life, Green Wing, Marley's Ghosts and Jonathan Creek.
Early life
Alexander was born in 1971 in Hammersmith, London. Her father, Frank Smith, was a television producer and director on factual shows such as Panorama; he died when she was still at school. She attended Godolphin and Latymer School in Hammersmith. At the age of 19, she left home after her A-levels and travelled to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe to get a start in acting. Her parents wanted her to continue to university, but she turned down a place at the University of Manchester to take her first professional acting job.
Career
In 1992, Alexander appeared in The Bill, as a witness to an attempted robbery. The following year she played Muriel in an episode of the BBC comedy-drama Lovejoy. In 1994, she played Nicky, Damien's risk-addicted weather reporter girlfriend in Drop the Dead Donkey. In 1996, she played Beatrice in the British première of Octavio Paz's only play, Rappaccini's Daughter, at the Gate Theatre Studio. She has appeared in other theatre productions, including The Vagina Monologues, Hand in Hand, The Secretary Bird, Northanger Abbey, and as Lady Macbeth in Macbeth. In the mid-1990s, she met Ben Miller when they filmed an advertisement for disposable cameras together, and through him she met Alexander Armstrong. Miller and Armstrong became friends and collaborators, and Alexander went on to appear on their Channel 4 sketch show Armstrong and Miller (1997–2001), usually in the regular "Nude Practice" segment.
Alexander moved into comedy acting, in which she has since specialised. Her other sketch show work included Smith and Jones (1997–1998) and Smack the Pony (1999–2003), also writing for the latter. In the science-fiction comedy series Red Dwarf, she played the Queen of Camelot in "Stoke Me a Clipper". She also appeared in the Midsomer Murders episode "The Garden of Death", as Fliss Inkpen-Thomas. In 2000, she appeared in the comedy The Strangerers, as well as becoming co-host of the final series of the current-affairs satire The 11 O'Clock Show, alongside Jon Holmes. She made her debut as Susan Walker in the BBC sitcom Coupling, which ran for four series from 2000 to 2004. Other British TV roles included Mel in The Worst Week of My Life and Angela Hunter in the hospital comedy Green Wing.
Alexander appeared as Alice Fletcher in NBC's short-lived remake of the British comedy series Teachers, before roles in the films I Could Never Be Your Woman and Stardust (both released in 2007). Her previous film credits include Seaview Knights (1994) and Going Off Big Time (2000). She also starred in the 2008 BBC dramedy Mutual Friends, and played Layla Barton in the BBC drama All The Small Things, which debuted in 2009.
Since 2011, she has played Mimi in the BBC Radio 4 comedy series The Gobetweenies. The first series was broadcast in 2011 and two more followed in 2012 and 2013. She starred in the 2012 BBC series Me and Mrs Jones. Since 2013, she has starred in the BBC One series Jonathan Creek as Polly Creek, wife of main character Jonathan, making her first appearance in the episode titled "The Clue of the Savant's Thumb" in 2013. She starred in the Dave comedy Undercover as DS Zoe Keller. From 2015 she has starred in the comedy series Marley's Ghosts on Gold. In 2019, Alexander appeared as Undine Thwaite in the Epix series Pennyworth.
Other work
Alexander has contributed to the BBC charity telethon Comic Relief, appearing in 2001 as a judge based on Nicki Chapman in a parody of Popstars, in 2003 as Liza Goddard in a spoof of Blankety Blank, and in 2005 in a celebrity version of University Challenge.
Personal life
In 2001, Alexander was in a relationship with actor Gerald Harper. In 2002 she began a new relationship with writer and actor Peter Serafinowicz. Alexander later married Serafinowicz, and the couple have a son and daughter together. She appeared in both series of Look Around You, which Serafinowicz co-created and starred in, as well as O!News, his internet spoof of E! News.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1971 births
English film actresses
English television actresses
Living people
People from Hammersmith
People educated at Godolphin and Latymer School
20th-century English actresses
21st-century English actresses
Actresses from London
Tanusio Thopia or Tanush Thopia ( 1329–38) was an Albanian count that served Princes of Taranto Philip I and Robert, and Dukes of Durazzo John and Charles. He had domains in Matia.
Background
Under Philip I, the Kingdom of Albania was restricted to roughly the modern Durrës District. Upon the death of Philip I in 1332, there were various claims on his domains within the Angevin family. The rights of the Duchy of Durazzo (Durrës) and the Kingdom of Albania together were given to John of Gravina with a sum of 5,000 pounds of gold. After his death in 1336, his dominions in Albania passed to his son Charles, Duke of Durazzo. During this period there were different Albanian noble families who began consolidating their power and domains. One of them was the Thopia family whose domains were in central Albania. The Serbs were pressing hard in their direction and the Albanian nobles found a natural ally in the Angevins. Alliance with Albanian leaders was also crucial to the safety of the Kingdom of Albania, especially during the 1320s and 1330s. Most prominent among these leaders were the Thopias, ruling in an area between the rivers Mat and Shkumbin, and the Muzaka family in the territory between the rivers Shkumbin and Vlorë. They saw the Angevins as protectors of their domains and made alliances. During 1336–1337 Charles had various successes against Serb forces in central Albania.
History
He was mentioned in 1329 as one of the counts of Albania. In an act of Robert, King of Naples, dated 15 April 1338, Tanusio was mentioned as Count of Matia (conte di Matia). This reconfirmed Thopia's relations to the Angevins from the time of Philip I. By 1343, Serbian King Stefan Dušan had conquered almost all of Albania, except for Durazzo which had been defended under the command of Tanusio.
Issue
According to Karl Hopf, Tanusio's son or brother Andrea, as told by Gjon Muzaka (fl. 1510), had fallen in love with the daughter of Robert of Naples when her ship, en route to the Principality of the Morea to be wed with the bailli, had stopped at Durazzo where they met. Andrea abducted and married her, and they had two sons, Karl and George. King Robert, enraged, under the pretext of reconciliation had the couple invited to Naples where he had them executed. Karl Thopia later became the Prince of Albania.
References
Sources
Thopia family
Medieval Albanian nobility
Medieval Albanian generals
14th-century deaths
Year of death unknown
14th-century Albanian people
St Mary, Itchen Stoke, Hampshire, is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Itchen Stoke and Ovington. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
History
St Mary is the third church to have been built in the village of Itchen Stoke. The first was built before 1270 on a site near the River Itchen, but it suffered from damp, became dilapidated and was pulled down around 1830. Some traces of it remain. The second church which replaced it was built on land in the centre of the village which was donated for the purpose by Lord Ashburton, who held the advowson. Charles Ranken Conybeare, son of the geologist William Daniel Conybeare, became the incumbent in April 1857, but he took a dislike to the church, complaining that it was cold and damp, and that remedying these defects would be more expensive than demolishing and replacing it. Consent for the demolition was given by the Bishop of Winchester and the new Lord Ashburton, and the present church was erected on the same site in 1866.
The architect of the new church was Charles Conybeare's younger brother Henry Conybeare, a civil engineer with an interest in Gothic architecture, who had designed the Afghan Church in Colaba, Mumbai, where he had also been responsible for improving the city's sanitation.
Architecture
Sir Nikolaus Pevsner described St Mary as "serious and impressive" and "quite a remarkable church for its date". It is approached by a steep path up from the main road and the design was clearly influenced by the Sainte Chapelle in Paris.
Exterior
The church is of brown and grey rubble stone with limestone dressings. Above the west entrance door is a rose window, given by Lady Ashburton in memory of her husband. At the east end is a polygonal apse, whose gables have two-light bar tracery windows. There are four sets of three tall lancet windows in the side walls of the church. The steep roof is of purple and grey-green slates in a diamond-shaped pattern. There is a belfry with two bells between the nave and the chancel.
Interior
The west door opens into a wide vestibule in three compartments with a vaulted stone roof. It contains a stone font recovered from the previous church. Beyond it is the tall nave divided into bays by wall columns. It has a timber roof.
The chancel/apse is semi-octagonal with moulded ribs and wall columns. It has a vaulted stone roof. The five long arched windows of two lights with small rose windows contain little pieces of clear, red, blue and green glass arranged in geometrical patterns. The circular floor is covered with glazed brown and green tiles laid out in the form of a labyrinth, as in Chartres Cathedral.
The furnishings, contemporary with the church, include:
a font of coloured vitreous enamel, gilt bronze and black Californian marble, based on the tomb of Mary of Burgundy in the Church of Our Lady, Bruges.
a pulpit with five recessed panels filled with cast iron scrollwork and foliage
pews with ends similar to the panels of the pulpit.
See also
List of churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust in South East England
References
Church of England church buildings in Hampshire
Grade II* listed churches in Hampshire
Churches completed in 1866
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Hampshire
Churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust
1866 establishments in England
SoloTürk or Solo Türk, often stylized as SOLOTÜRK, is a single-aircraft aerobatic demonstration team of the Turkish Air Force. Plans for the team began in November 2009 and the pilot training process was finalized in August 2010 with three pilots initially. The first demonstration flight was performed within the military in September 2010, and the team made its first public appearance 15 April 2011. Since then, SoloTürk has participated in several national and international airshows, with most maneuvers in demonstration flights being special to the team.
The team uses a specially-painted General Dynamics F-16C Block 40 aircraft which is combat ready. SoloTürk formerly operated out of the Akıncı Air Base, but moved to Konya Air Base in 2016 after the coup d'état attempt. The team has a total of 13 personnel, including two pilots, and uses a CASA CN-235M-100 for transportation. Pilots wanting to fly for the team must meet certain criteria before they qualify for a training. SoloTürk has received multiple awards for its demonstration flights.
History
The development of a one-aircraft aerobatic team started on 25 November 2009. The pilots were selected in January 2010 and training started in May the same year, which lasted three months. The first display flight was performed on 1 September 2010 to then Turkish Air Force commander Hasan Aksay at the 4th Main Base Jet Command, where the team was stationed until 2016.
The team made its first public appearance on 15 April 2011 at the Akıncı Air Base in Ankara during the 100th anniversary event of the Turkish Air Force. At the final Waddington International Air Show in 2014, SoloTürk ducked under the glide slope on final approach and made an extremely low-pass above the audience watching the aircraft land.
The Akıncı Air Base, which was the base of SoloTürk since its forming, was closed following the 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt as it is alleged that the base was used as the command center of pro-coup military. An internal investigation concluded that none of the members of SoloTürk were a part of the Gülen movement. The base of the team was moved to the Konya Air Base in October 2016, where the aerobatic demonstration team Turkish Stars are also based at.
On 25 January 2017, pilots Erhan Günar and Serdar Doğan flew the SoloTürk F-16, which has a takeoff speed of , at a speed of during a training flight in preparation of the coming year and broke the "slowest flight" record.
At the inaugural Teknofest on 20 September 2018, a drag race was held between SoloTürk, Red Bull RB8, Kawasaki Ninja H2, Tesla Model S P100D, Aston Martin Vantage, Lotus Evora GT410 and Bombardier Challenger 600. The 9-second race was won by Kenan Sofuoğlu who was driving the Kawasaki Ninja H2. SoloTürk came third behind the Red Bull RB8 driven by Jake Dennis. Before the start of the 2020 Turkish Grand Prix at the Istanbul Park circuit, SoloTürk made a fly-by on the main straight. A footage captured by a track-side cameraman showed that the unexpected and sudden sound of the aircraft scared several drivers without headphones.
On 21 May 2022, pilot Emre Mert performed the cobra maneuver with the demonstration aircraft. With this, SoloTürk became the first team to perform this maneuver with a General Dynamics F-16.
Demonstrations
A typical SoloTürk demonstration flight takes about 20 minutes, where the pilot makes 20 maneuvers. According to Erhan Günar, one of the former pilots of the team, most of these are only performed by SoloTürk. After retracting the landing gear following takeoff, the aircraft starts flying in inverse at an altitude of and proceeds to climb in that position. The aircraft performs a aileron roll while climbing and turning. The move is performed across three axes and is nicknamed SoloTürk roll because it is only performed by SoloTürk. In 2022, the cobra maneuver was also added to the demonstration package of the team. The aircraft stays in between a speed of and above an altitude of . Per demonstration flight, 3.5tonnes of fuel is used. Pilots experience a maximum g-force of 9 during flights.
Aircraft
Demonstration aircraft
SoloTürk uses a General Dynamics F-16C Block 40 aircraft in its demonstration flights. The type was chosen because it is a highly maneuverable aircraft and because the F-16 uses a side-stick, which aids pilots in keeping the aircraft under control during high g-force maneuvers. Despite being painted in a special livery, the aircraft still has combat capabilities and is sometimes used in training and minor operations carried out by the Turkish Air Force.
The livery was designed by Murat Dorkip. The star and crescent on the aircraft represents the value of the Turkish Air Force to the Republic of Turkey. The silver star on the plane symbolizes the goal of the Republic of Turkey and the Turkish Air Force to be the star of the 21st century, while the golden hawk on the tail symbolizes the freedom and determination in the spirit of the aviators. According to former SoloTürk pilot Erhan Günar, the black stripes found on the aircraft symbolize "how accurate and fast the Turkish Air Force and Turkish Armed Forces make their decisions".
Transport aircraft
Initially, the team used a CASA CN-235M-100 as its transport aircraft. In 2016, this aircraft was replaced by a Lockheed C-130 Hercules with serial number 63-13187. In October 2020, the team returned to using a CASA CN-235.
Organization
Selection and training
On 25 November 2009, the Turkish Air Force Command started the Flight with a Single F-16 Aircraft program to find pilots. Three pilots were selected on 14 January 2010: Murat Keleş, Fatih Batmaz and Sedat Yalın Ahbab. On 18 May 2010, Keleş became the first of the three to start his training. During training sessions, two additional pilots were present in the cockpit as observers. Keleş finished his training on 20 August 2010.
In an early 2021 interview with TRT Haber, pilot Emre Mert said that to become a SoloTürk pilot, "you must have flown an F-16 for over 500 hours, have no record of incidents and know a good level of English." Pilots can only start their training of three months which they will have to pass, after they meet these criteria and get selected. Later that year, pilot Murat Bakıcı told that there were specific "books and guidelines" on who could become a pilot, and said that the minimum required flight hours was one thousand.
Personnel
As of November 2019, the team consists of two pilots, two support personnel and nine maintenance personnel. The person talking during the demonstration flights is SoloTürk's press and public relations officer, Mustafa Bircan Biçer. The three initially selected pilots are no longer a part of SoloTürk. Murat Keleş left in 2012, Fatih Batmaz in 2013, while Sedat Yalın Ahbab left in 2014. As of January 2022, the two incumbent pilots flying the aircraft are Emre Mert and Murat Bakıcı. Apart from demonstration flights, the pilots also participate in regular military missions of the Turkish Air Force.
Awards
SoloTürk received its first award on 18 July 2011 at the Royal International Air Tattoo for having the "Best Demonstration Flight" of the airshow. In August 2017, the team received the same award at the Slovak International Air Fest, where the demonstration flight was watched by 300.000 people. At the Royal International Air Tattoo in 2018, the team received an award for having the "Best Solo Jet Demonstration Flight" of the airshow.
References
External links
Turkish Air Force
Aerobatic teams
Konya Province
2011 establishments in Turkey
Military units and formations established in 2011
Aisin Gioro Mianyu ( 綿愉; 8 March 1814 – 9 January 1866) was Qing dynasty imperial prince as the fifth son of the Jiaqing Emperor and the first holder of the Prince Hui of the first rank title. As Prince Hui of the First Rank peerage was not granted iron-cap status, each successive bearer of the title would hold diminished rank vis-a-vis his predecessor.
Life
Mianyu was born on 8 March 1814 to Consort Ru in the Palace of Eternal Longevity. In 1820, shortly ater the death of Jiaqing Emperor in the Chengde Mountain Resort, Mianyu was granted a title of Prince Hui of the Second Rank (惠郡王) by Empress Dowager Gongci as the successor to the imperial throne has not been appointed. In 1830, he performed Grand Sacrifices together with Yiwei, while in 1835 he made sacrifices together with Yishao, Prince Ding of the First Rank. In 1839, Mianyu was promoted to the prince of the first rank. In 1840, he performed Grand Sacrificial Rites twice.
Military career
In 1851, Mianyu was appointed as a commander of Manchu forces of the Bordered Yellow Banner and was entrusted with managing the affairs of the Gioro family school. In 1856, when Second Opium War broke out, Mianyu was in charge of administration of Beijing and was vested with powers of Generalissimus Possessing a Mandate, which meant that he would be one of the commanders of Eight Banner Forces. When Sengge Rinchen suffered several defeats in Tongzhou, Mianyu sent emergency so as to protect Five Capitals (places where Qing dynasty emperors used to reside during the imperial tours). In 1853, when Taiping rebellion started, Xianfeng Emperor did not issue any decrees ordering Mianyu and Sengge Rinchen to take action using armed forces despite the fact that losses of Qing forces could be less. The main reason of this decision could be belief that Europeans were regarded as inferior nation in comparison to Manchurians and Chinese. However, when the rebels organised Northern Expedition (Taiping Rebellion), Sengge Rinchen's cavalry was sent to defeat the rebels.
Death and succession
Apart from military successes, Mianyu is credited with literary work named "Series of the Airi Study" (《爱日寨集》). He was one of the teachers of the young Zaichun, the Tongzhi Emperor. Empress Dowager Cixi and Empress Dowager Ci'and had him in high regard, mostly due to his moral character considered the most upright in his generation. Mianyu died on 9 January 1866 and was succeeded by his eldest son Yixiang.
Family
Mianyu was initially married to Ldy Guwalgiya, daughter of fifth rank literary official Bolin'e (博林额) since 1828. In 1837, he married another Lady Guwalgiya, daughter of Guiliang (桂良) and elder sister of Princess Consort Gongzhong of the First Rank (Yixin's wife). Through the marriage with Lady Guwalgiya and Lady Hesheri, Mianyu was correlated with the most prominent Manchu clans.
Primary Consort
First primary consort, of the Gūwalgiya clan (嫡福晋 瓜尔佳氏, d. 1835)
First son (15 March 1835 – 17 March 1835)
Second primary consort, of the Gūwalgiya clan (继福晋 瓜尔佳氏, d. 1852)
Yixiang (奕详, 15 March 1849 – 13 February 1886), fifth son
Secondary Consort
Secondary consort, of the Hešeri clan (侧福晋 赫舍里氏, d. 13 April 1860)
Secondary consort, of the Yang clan (侧福晋 杨氏)
Prince of the Fourth Rank Yimo (奕谟, 22 May 1850 – 17 August 1905), sixth son
Secondary consort, of the Ligiya clan (侧福晋 李佳氏) 管女子-->惠亲王侧福晋
Second son (22 December 1838)
Secondary consort, of the Xiegiya clan (侧福晋 谢佳氏)
Yicheng (奕诚, 7 April 1845 – 15 April 1847), third son
Grace Defender Duke Yixun (奕询, 6 March 1849 – 16 August 1871), fourth son
References
Qing dynasty imperial princes
Prince Hui (first rank)
Jiaqing Emperor's sons
1814 births
1866 deaths
Major-General Sir Charles Offley Harvey, CB, CVO, CBE, MC (16 July 1888 – 11 October 1969) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II.
He was appointed CVO in 1922 for performing the duties of Assistant Military Secretary to the Prince of Wales during His
Royal Highness's Indian Tour.
In the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Persia he commanded 8th Indian Infantry Division, part of Paiforce.
He was knighted in 1946 for his services as Military Adviser in Chief to the Indian State Forces.
He was assistant managing director of the Guinness Brewery with responsibility for personnel 1946-1961 and the founding chairman of the Irish Management Institute 1952-1956. He is commemorated in the IMI's Sir Charles Harvey Awards, conferred on leading MBA graduates in Irish universities.
Army career
Commissioned 1908
38th King George's Own Central India Horse 1909
Commanding Officer Central India Horse (1933–1936)
General Staff Officer 1 Meerut District, India (1936–1939)
Commanding Officer Wana Brigade, Waziristan, India (1939–1940)
General Officer Commanding 8th Indian Infantry Division (1940–1942)
Military Adviser in Chief Indian States Forces (1943–1946)
Retired 1946
Business career
He was assistant managing director of the Guinness Brewery with responsibility for personnel from 1946-1961 and the founding chairman of the Irish Management Institute from 1952-1956. He is commemorated in the IMI's Sir Charles Harvey Awards, conferred on leading MBA graduates in Irish universities.[2]
Bibliography
Duffy, Martin (2012) The Trade Union Pint: The Unlikely Union of Guinness and the Larkins. Dublin: Liberties Press.
References
External links
Generals of World War II
Indian Army Officers 1939−1945
1888 births
1969 deaths
Indian Army generals of World War II
Indian Army personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Military Cross
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
People educated at Marlborough College
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Highland Light Infantry officers
Graduates of the Staff College, Quetta
People from Eastbourne
Military personnel from Sussex
British Indian Army generals
IEC 61400 is an international standard published by the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) regarding wind turbines.
Purpose and function
IEC 61400 is a set of design requirements made to ensure that wind turbines are appropriately engineered against damage from hazards within the planned lifetime. The standard concerns most aspects of the turbine life from site conditions before construction, to turbine components being tested, assembled and operated.
Wind turbines are capital intensive, and are usually purchased before they are being erected and commissioned.
Some of these standards provide technical conditions verifiable by an independent, third party, and as such are necessary in order to make business agreements so wind turbines can be financed and erected.
IEC started standardizing international certification on the subject in 1995, and the first standard appeared in 2001.
The common set of standards sometimes replace the various national standards, forming a basis for global certification.
Small wind turbines are defined as being of up to 200 m2 swept area and a somewhat simplified IEC 61400-2 standard addresses these. It is also possible to use the IEC 61400-1 standard for turbines of less than 200 m2 swept area.
The standards for loads and noise are used in the development of prototypes at the Østerild Wind Turbine Test Field.
Harmonization
In the U.S., standards are intended to be compatible with IEC standards, and some parts of 61400 are required documentation.
The U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory participates in IEC standards development work, and tests equipment according to these standards. For U.S. offshore turbines however, more standards are needed, and the most important are :
ISO 19900, General requirements for offshore structures
ISO 19902, Fixed steel offshore structures
ISO 19903, Fixed concrete offshore structures
ISO 19904-1, Floating offshore structures – mono-hulls, semisubmersibles and spars
ISO 19904-2, Floating offshore structures - tension-leg platforms
API RP 2A-WSD, Recommended practice for planning, designing and constructing fixed offshore steel platforms - working stress design.
In Canada, the previous national standards were outdated and impeded the wind industry, and they were updated and harmonized with 61400 by the Canadian Standards Association with several modifications.
An update for IEC 61400 is scheduled for 2016.
For small wind turbines the global industry has been working towards harmonisation of certification requirements with a "test once, certify everywhere" objective. Considerable co-operation has been taking place between UK, USA, and more recently Japan, Denmark and other countries so that the IEC 61400-2 standard as interpreted within e.g. the MCS certification scheme (of UK origin) is interoperable with the USA (for example where it corresponds to an AWEA small wind turbine standard) and other countries.
Wind Turbine Generator (WTG) classes
Wind turbines are designed for specific conditions. During the construction and design phase assumptions are made about the wind climate that the wind turbines will be exposed to. Turbine wind class is just one of the factors needing consideration during the complex process of planning a wind power plant. Wind classes determine which turbine is suitable for the normal wind conditions of a particular site. Turbine classes are determined by three parameters - the average wind speed, extreme 50-year gust, and turbulence.
Turbulence intensity quantifies how much the wind varies typically within 10 minutes. Because the fatigue loads of a number of major components in a wind turbine are mainly caused by turbulence, the knowledge of how turbulent a site is of crucial importance. Normally the wind speed increases with increasing height due to vertical wind shear. In flat terrain the wind speed increases logarithmically with height. In complex terrain the wind profile is not a simple increase and additionally a separation of the flow might occur, leading to heavily increased turbulence.
The extreme wind speeds are based on the 3 second average wind speed. Turbulence is measured at 15 m/s wind speed. This is the definition in IEC 61400-1 edition 2.
For U.S. waters however, several hurricanes have already exceeded wind class Ia with speeds above the 70 m/s (156 mph), and efforts are being made to provide suitable standards. In 2021, TÜV SÜD developed a standard to simulate a new wind class T1 for tropical cyclones.
List of IEC 61400 parts
IEC 61400-1:2005+AMD1:2010 Design requirements
IEC 61400-2:2013 Small wind turbines
IEC 61400-3:2009 Design requirements for offshore wind turbines
IEC 61400-4:2012 Design requirements for wind turbine gearboxes
IEC 61400-6:2020 Tower and foundation design requirements
IEC 61400-11:2012 Acoustic noise measurement techniques
IEC 61400-12-1:2005 Power performance measurements of electricity producing wind turbines
IEC 61400-12-2:2013/COR1:2016 Power performance of electricity-producing wind turbines based on nacelle anemometry / Corrigendum 1
IEC 61400-12-1:2017 Power performance measurements of electricity producing wind turbines / Remote sensing devices like Sodar & lidar measurements
IEC 61400-13:2015 Measurement of mechanical loads
IEC TS 61400-14:2005 Declaration of apparent sound power level and tonality values
IEC 61400-21:2008 Measurement and assessment of power quality characteristics of grid connected wind turbines
IEC 61400-22:2010 Conformity testing and certification (IEC 61400-22:2010 was withdrawn on 2018-08-31, and replaced with the deliverables for the wind sector (WE-OMC) contained in the IECRE Conformity Assessment System.)
IEC 61400-23:2014 Full-scale structural testing of rotor blades
IEC 61400-24:2010 Lightning protection
IEC 61400-25-1:2006 Communications for monitoring and control of wind power plants - Overall description of principles and models
IEC 61400-25-2:2015 Communications for monitoring and control of wind power plants - Information models
IEC 61400-25-3:2015 Communications for monitoring and control of wind power plants - Information exchange models
IEC 61400-25-4:2008 Communications for monitoring and control of wind power plants - Mapping to communication profile
IEC 61400-25-5:2006 Communications for monitoring and control of wind power plants - Conformance testing
IEC 61400-25-6:2010 Communications for monitoring and control of wind power plants - Logical node classes and data classes for condition monitoring
IEC TS 61400-26-1:2011 Time-based availability for wind turbine generating systems
IEC TS 61400-26-2:2014 Production-based availability for wind turbines
IEC 61400-27-1:2015 Electrical simulation models - Wind turbines
See also
IEC 61400-25
References
External links
IEC 61400 Wind turbines - All parts
61400
Electric power transmission systems
Electric power distribution
Wind turbines
Kinross House is a late 17th-century country house overlooking Loch Leven, near Kinross in Kinross-shire, Scotland.
History
Construction of the house began in 1685, by the architect Sir William Bruce as his own home. It is regarded as one of his finest works, and was called by Daniel Defoe "the most beautiful and regular piece of architecture in Scotland". The builder was Tobias Bauchop of Alloa.
The house retains most of its original internal decoration. It was occupied for 200 years as the home of the Montgomery family, who purchased the property in the late 18th century. Kinross House is a Category A listed building, and its grounds are listed in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland.
The grounds cover 100 acres of formal gardens and woodland, also including Castle Island on Loch Leven. Lochleven Castle is amongst the most important medieval castles in Scotland, and is renowned as the castle where Mary Queen of Scots debated the future of the Scottish Reformation with Presbyterian theologian John Knox and where she was later imprisoned in 1567. It is also where she abdicated the Scottish throne in favour of her infant son James VI (later to become King James I of England).
In 2010, the house and grounds were sold to Donald Fothergill, a Yorkshire businessman, who thoroughly refurbished the house. Kinross House and its grounds are now offered for hire for gatherings such as parties, weddings and meetings. The House and Coach House have a number of reception rooms and 24 bedrooms located between the House and the adjacent Coach House: the main house has 14 bedrooms and the Coach House has a further 10 bedrooms. The Coach House also has a boutique day spa.
Media
Kinross House was featured in the BBC TV series The Country House Revealed (2011) and How We Built Britain (2007) as well in Land of Hope and Glory - British Country Life. The series was accompanied by a full-length illustrated companion book published by the BBC which featured Kinross House as a dedicated chapter appearing as Chapter Two of the book edition. The six chapters of the book correspond to the six episodes of the BBC series.
References
Further reading
Fenwick, Hubert (1970) Architect Royal: The Life and Works of Sir William Bruce Roundwood Press
External links
Kinross House Estate Coach House & Spa
Kinross House and Gardens (archived website)
Country houses in Perth and Kinross
William Bruce buildings
Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes
Gardens in Perth and Kinross
Category A listed buildings in Perth and Kinross
Listed houses in Scotland
The Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) is the apex Islamic authority in Nigeria. It was established in 1973 to "cater for, preserve, protect, promote and advance the interest of Islam and Muslims throughout the country" and has been responsible for the unity of Nigerian Muslims as the official body, recognised by the Nigerian Federal and State Governments, coordinating the affairs of Islam in Nigeria. The NSCIA is headquartered at the Abuja National Mosque Office Complex, Central Business District, Abuja, Nigeria. The organisation is, inter alia, responsible for the official announcement of commencement and termination of the Ramadan fast or moon sighting in Nigeria.
History
The Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) was established in 1973 at a national conference of Nigerian Muslim leaders in Kaduna under the auspices of Jama'atu Nasril Islam (JNI), the group for all the Islamic organisations in Northern Nigeria. In the South-West, prior to this conference, the first Muslim organisation to be formed after the 1960 Independence was the United Muslim Council (UMC), but was embraced by a few Muslims in the Western Zone for it was championed by the ruling political party. According to Adegbite, the emergence and coming together of the Western Joint Muslim Organisation (WESJOMO), the Najah Joint Muslim Organisation (NAJOMO) and the Nigerian Muslim Council (NMC) of Lagos State enabled the region to work hand-in-hand with the JNI to create in 1973 the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA).
The landmark convergence in Kaduna came as an answer to the call for an all-embracing central leadership that would serve as the unifier and bridge among different Muslim groups in the country, as stipulated in Article One of the NSCIA Charter “Muslim Communities, Islamic organisations and individual Muslims are hereby constituted into a central body to be known and called the Nigerian Supreme Council of Islamic Affairs.” It has also been described as a turning point for it, starting from then, enables Muslims all over the country to interact with the government in one voice on all matters of concern to Islam, an intractable challenge until the founding of the council.
The council's mandate to serve as the apex leadership body for the Nigerian Muslim community was first undertaken by the first President-General, Sultan Siddiq Abubakar III, the then Sultan of Sokoto, joined by the first Secretary-General, Ibrahim Dasuki, who later rose to assume the Sultan position. The former Nigerian Minister of Works, Isa Kaita, was appointed National Treasurer while Dr Lateef Adegbite, the chairman of the Constitution Drafting Committee and the then the Attorney-General and Commissioner of Justice of the Western Region of Nigeria, was made the first National Legal Adviser. He later became the Secretary-General in 1988.
Leadership
The leadership of the NSCIA includes the President-General, two Deputies President-General for the North and South (with the Shehu of Borno as the permanent Deputy President-General for the North), Secretary-General, Deputy Secretary-General (3), National Treasurer, National Legal Adviser, Deputy National Legal Adviser and Chairmen of the 36 states and FCT Councils of the NSCIA. Currently, the council is under the leadership of the incumbent Sultan of Sokoto, His Eminence Muhammad Sa'ad Abubakar since 2006 with Prof.Is-haq O. Oloyede, former Vice Chancellor of the University of Ilorin and current Registrar and Chief Executive of Nigeria's Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), as the Secretary-General since May 2013. The Shehu of Borno Abubakar Ibn Umar Garba serves as the Deputy President General North, while Rasaki Oladejo serves as the Deputy President General South of the council.
Objectives
The Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) serves the following functions:
Structure
The Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs system is based on five active organs: Legislative organ, the General Assembly, Executive organ, National Executive Council and the National Secretariat.
Legislative Organ
The General Assembly is the supreme legislative organ of the council, and subject to the provisions of the Constitution, the General Assembly sitting in plenary session exercises final authority in all matters dealt with in the Constitution guiding the affairs of the council or affecting Islam and the Muslims in Nigeria generally.
General Assembly
The membership of the General Assembly is stipulated in the Article 6 of the NSCIA Constitution. The General Assembly consists of the President-General of the Council, National Officers of the council, and State Council Representatives selected by their respective State Councils in accordance with the provision of paragraph (2) of the Article. Such individuals are co-opted from time to time by the General Assembly itself for a stated period and on the basis of the status or individual contributions of such persons to the cause of Islam.
Executive Organ
The NSCIA has a National Executive Council which is the executive organ and to whom all Officers and Committees established by the council are primarily accountable in the discharge of their functions and in the exercise of their powers.
The National Executive Council
The National Executive Council comprises the following:
National Officers of the Council
One member representing each State Council
Co-opted members from the General Assembly not exceeding one tenth of the total membership of the National Executive Council.
The National Secretariat
The NSCIA's National Secretariat, headquartered in Abuja, is headed by the Secretary-General. It provides information, monthly moon-sighting reports, studies, and facilities needed by other organs for their effective operations. It also executes tasks as instructed by the Legislative Organ, the Sultan – the President-General – and other Council's bodies. The council also employs the services of a full-time Administrative Director-General who is hired on terms and conditions as the National Executive Council deems fit. The Director-General handles the day-to-day affairs of the Secretariat, coordinate the activities of the Zonal Directors and is responsible to the NEC through the Secretary-General.
NSCIA and the Quest for a Multi-Religious Nigeria
In 1975 when the Federal Government of Nigeria inaugurated the Constitution Drafting Committee, there was a hot debate on a proposed section of the constitution on the state and its fundamental objectives. Kicking against the suggestion that Nigeria be described as “One and indivisible sovereign Republic, secular, democratic and social,” intellectuals and public opinion leaders began to debate the appropriateness or otherwise of the term “secular” for the Nigerian state. According to several sources, the NSCIA, standing on the argument that Nigeria is a multi-religious state, maintained that the country could not be a secular state in that the concept of secularism is ultimately rooted in the doctrine that morality should be based solely on regard to well-being of mankind with absolute exclusion of all considerations drawn from belief in God. This is no way the true case of Nigeria, according to NSCIA's argument that the country—although not a theocratic state such as the likes of Saudi-Arabia nor a secular state like Turkey—is a multi-religious state by default. Not only does Nigeria recognise religions, the "Nigerian government also facilitates pilgrimages (to the holy lands), provides for the teaching of religious studies in schools, and declares public holidays for religious festivals." The Council added that “Nigerians have a work-free day on Sunday because Christians are required to worship on that day owing to the insistence of their religion that the day be work-free and that the government also recognises the Vatican and allows them to have an ambassador in Nigeria and in response, sent an ambassador to the state of Vatican.” Relying on the foregoing arguments, the Council submitted, and triumphed, that it would be hypocritical to say that Nigeria is a secular state.
Contributions and achievements
The Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) takes charge of some responsibilities in Nigeria from Islamic Affairs to promoting education and contributing to participatory governance and national development. Some of the contributions and achievements include:
Religious Tolerance and Peaceful Co-existence
Despite the challenges of sectoral divisions, the NSCIA has become a leading voice for religious tolerance in Nigeria through active steps on improving peace and peaceful-coexistence in the country. Of recent, the President-General of the Council and the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa'd Abubakar, has been at the forefront of this campaign through several initiatives and appearances at local and high-level international panels such as the Wilson Centre, diplomatic organisations and the Sultan Foundation for Peace and Development (SFPD) among others. In terms of results, the NSCIA, for instance, prevailed over Muslims, especially those in the North, who were agitated with the burning of mosques in the South East and South South regions following the hijacking of the #EndSARS protests in Nigeria. That particular action quelled religious violence in the country.
Officials of the NSCIA have also participated at the Vienna Conference on Global Peace, Inter-Faith Dialogue on Religion and Peace-Making and several other peace-building platforms. Besides, one notable initiative in the regard of peaceful co-existence is the Nigeria Inter-Religious Council (NIREC), a voluntary association jointly established by the leadership of the NSCIA and the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 1999. Steered by the joint leadership of the major faiths, NIREC has continued to maintain the ties of religious tolerance and peaceful co-existence in the country.
Uniting Muslims
In Nigeria, the NSCIA is carrying out the Quranic injunction that Muslims the world over must be one and united regardless of their ethnic, racial and socio-linguistic differences. God says in the Quran (3: 103) “And hold fast, all of you together, to the Rope of Allah (i.e. This Qur'an), and be not divided among yourselves, and remember Allah's Favour on you, for you were enemies one to another but He joined your hearts together, so that, by His Grace, you became brethren (in Islamic Faith). Also in Quran 49:10 is a verse where God says “The believers are nothing else than brothers (in Islamic religion). So make reconciliation between your brothers, and fear Allah, that you may receive mercy.”
Muslims financial inclusion in Nigeria
Nigerian Muslims are believed to have been marginalised in the country's financial sector and other growth-triggering financial interventions of the Central Bank due largely to the interest element that is usually involved in the schemes. For Muslims, who constitute well over half of the country's population, the question of avoiding interest is non-negotiable. In the absence of non-interest finance, the result has been a high rate of financial exclusion among Muslims, as high as over 60% in some Muslim majority communities. This leads to worsening incidence of abject poverty. The implication is that without non-interest alternatives, the CBN can hardly attain its 80% financial inclusion earlier targeted for 2020 nor can any meaningful poverty alleviation and economic empowerment programme be actualised in the foreseeable future. This explains why the Council engaged the Central Bank on the creation of a non-interest version of all its intervention programmes. As eventually done, the development covers the Anchor Borrowers Programme (ABP), Agri-Business, Small and Medium Enterprises Investment Scheme (AGSMEIS), Creative Industry Financing Initiative, Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Fund (MSMEDF), Real Sector Support Facility (RSSF) and Credit Support for the Healthcare Sector.
Moon sighting
As the highest Muslim body in Nigeria, the NSCIA takes the responsibility of announcing the commencement and termination of the annual Ramadan fast. Unlike the years past when there is no orderliness in the moon sighting arm, the council has since recorded great results since 2014 as large crop of Muslims in Nigeria now commence, end the fasting of Ramadan and celebrate the Eid festivals in unison, as the NSCIA Moon-sighting Committee, led by Professor Usman El-Nafaty, gives moon-sighting updates everyday year-round.
Supervision of Hajj Operations
In supporting the National Hajj Commission established by the Federal Government to superintend the annual Hajj operation in the country, the NSCIA has been acting as an intermediary between the intending pilgrims, the National Hajj Commission and the Federal Government. The council offers many advisory aids to the commission, and advises the authority on how to achieve successful pilgrimage to the holy land on a yearly basis.
Mission for Education, Socials and Health
The NSCIA established a project entity called Mission for Education, Socials and Health (MESH), registered by the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) in April 2016 as part of its commitment to social needs of Muslims and poverty alleviation among Nigerians. One of the popular projects of MESH is the partnership with the Future Assured Initiative of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, in 2020 to organise a national conference on Repositioning the Muslim Family for National Development at the Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
References
Islam in Nigeria
Barbara Gilmour (married name Barbara Dunlop; died 1732) was a significant figure in 17th century Ayrshire having introduced a method of cheese making which became common throughout Ayrshire and beyond, providing employment and extra income for farmers and others. She lived near Dunlop, a village in East Ayrshire, Scotland, lying between the village of Lugton and the town of Stewarton on the old turnpike road to Glasgow. Cheese made by her method became known as "Dunlop cheese".
Early life
Barbara Gilmour was a woman whose wits had been sharpened by her exile as a presbyterian in Ireland around 1660, during Scotland's troubles between the Restoration of Charles II and the dirk & drublie dayis after the revolution. In Ireland she is thought to have learned the art of making whole milk cheese. She may have been in the Bantry Bay area, County Cork, where James Hamilton, 1st Viscount Claneboye was at one time based. Hamilton was a strong presbyterian adherent and son of Hans Hamilton the first Protestant minister of Dunlop Kirk. McMichael states that she was in County Down, Northern Ireland.
It is not known precisely where she came from, however "Gilmore" or "Gilmour" is a common local name, with for example a family of that name living in the Lands of Chapeltoun at around the start of the 18th century.
Another source states that she was a pious young woman–a devout Covenanter–and, hearing of the martyrdom of Margaret Wilson (in 1684 or 1685) on Wigtown Sands, and being determined not to renounce the Covenant, she fled, like many others, from her home in Ayrshire to Ireland, and found employment in County Down, where she acquired a knowledge of the Irish process of cheese making. The persecution of females having abated after the horrible event of Wigtown Sands, Miss Gilmour returned to her home in Dunlop, and became a farmer's wife.
Career
Eventually, according to the Rev. Brisbane (1793), she returned to Dunlop, East Ayrshire, after the Revolution of 1688, bringing the recipe for the cheese with her; McMichael has it that she combined the best of Scottish and Irish cheese making methods to produce Dunlop cheese. Paterson records that she was the wife of John Dunlop, the farmer of Overhill Farm, now known as The Hill. Introducing a new style of cheese was not straightforward and, some of the locals adamant that cheese could not be made from whole milk, came close to accusing her of witchcraft which could have resulted in her being burned to death at the Cross of Irvine.
Some accused her of copying their recipes and indeed a farmer, Mr W. Aiton of Strathaven, pointed out that practical cheese makers were already aware of the benefit of adding cream to cheese before Barbara's time, and in his opinion Dunlop cheese was so named from a trader who took these cheeses from the parish up to Glasgow. Others have cast doubt on the Irish origin of the recipe without disputing Barbara Gilmour's introduction of Dunlop cheese.
The cheese presses
Most sources, e.g. Dobie state that "Barbara's Gilmours cheese press can still be seen today at The Hill", however the cheese press here is dated 1760 and she died in 1732. The design of the press, with a heavy lintel stone having a screwed shaft passing through it attached to a frame, allowed the dead weight of the stone to be lowered onto the cheese progressively, improving the overall drainage of the whey and the firming up of the curd.
Another stone at the farm may represent the remains a primitive cheese press. It is an expertly carved trough with various holes, grooves and three vertical sides. The groove running horizontally along the back may have helped support a wooden frame above the trough. It may have been re-used for a different purpose at a later date and is unlikely to have been part of the 1760 press.
The Hill cheese presses, 2007
The Hill farm and the old road
This farmstead, previously known as Over Dunlophill Montgomerie, has a U-shaped plan and has been little modernised since the 19th century, leaving evidence for earlier phases plainly visible. The farm buildings comprise a two-storied farmhouse flanked to the south by stables, a harness room and a forge and to the north by a byre and a dairy. A barn and a cart shed are in a detached range to the rear east of the main block and a small watermill is to the north, adjacent to the dairy. The farmstead is built of whinstone rubble and has slate roofs. It was visited by the RCAHMS in 1993. In the surrounding fields can be seen the earthworks of a rig, some of which is slightly reverse-S in plan. The farm buildings are notable, if not exceptional, for the numerous date stones and marriage stone incorporated into various parts of the buildings.
The 17th-century road from Glasgow to Irvine ran past The Hill farm on the opposite side to the existing road, which is itself on the line of the 18th-century turnpike. The house used to face the other direction as can be seen by a slight asymmetry in the existing frontage and the old front door is now a just a window, but with tell-tale ornamentation on the lintel. The presence of the road as it was then, running past the farm, would have made the transport of her cheeses that much easier in those days of transport by pack animal or sledge. Timothy Pont's map of Cunninghame (1604–1608) marks an "O Hill", emphasising the age of this settlement.
Gravestone and descendants
Barbara and John's table style horizontal gravestone is now positioned as an upright against a wall of Dunlop kirk. It is very well preserved and as stated, gives the date 1732 for her demise. The gravestone inscription mentions children plural, however only a daughter, Mary, survived her parents, marrying Allan, son of Allan Brown of Gabroch-Hill. Their son, Andrew Brown, succeeded to Hill, and through his wife Jean Anderson, they afterwards succeeded to Craighead farm. Mary Dunlop, daughter of John Dunlop of Boarland and Jean Gilmour of Tailend, had the half of Boarland, died at The Hill, the property of her mother's brother-in-law, in 1839. The Rev. Brisbane noted in 1793 that Barbara's grandson was still living and was the proprietor at 'The Hill.'
Dunlop cheese
Barbara successfully manufactured a species of cheese until then unknown in Scotland, being made from unskimmed milk from the famous Ayrshire cows. Her process was copied by her neighbours and Dunlop cheese came into such demand, that whether made by Barbara or her neighbours, or by the housewives of adjoining parishes, it found a ready market. It is suggested that the spread of the cheese to other districts was largely through farmers who had settled there from Dunlop parish.
She was something of an evangelist in the matter of making "sweet milk" (unskimmed milk) cheese, and being a forthright and energetic character she traveled widely to teach the making of her Dunlop cheese, and so stimulated a nationwide demand. This demand stimulated merchants to visit Cunninghame, buy Dunlop cheese and sell it throughout the central lowlands of Scotland. Local cheese merchants from Kirktoun also bought up the cheese and took them to Glasgow for sale in the markets.
Barbara's system for making Dunlop was widely copied and extended rapidly to many all parts of Scotland by the end of the 18th century, even where traditionally sheep's milk cheese had been made. Nothing but skimmed milk had been used in the process of cheese making in this district, previously. All the cheese similarly made in the western counties received the appellation of "Dunlop" and in 1837 the Ayrshire Statistical Account records that 25,000 stones imperial were made in this parish annually.
The high value which was set on the Barbara Gilmour cheese for the purpose of roasting was very much confined to Ayrshire, where a farl of oat cake or supple scone spread with roasted cheese, and a bowl of milk, or whey, or tea, or cold water, made a highly relished and substantial meal, precluding in many families the use of bacon for breakfast.
Cadgers
Cadgers were the middlemen who toured the farms and bought the cheeses by direct negotiation, sending them to the markets in Glasgow, Edinburgh and other places. By 1837 some fourteen cadgers made a living in Dunlop Parish through buying and selling Dunlop cheese.
In the long maturing stage Dunlop cheese loses very considerably in weight, which made dealers impatient to get it off their hands; and it was usually therefore retailed before it was ripe, and at an inferior price.
A poem
Ayrshire or Dunlop cattle
Dunlop cattle are supposed to have originated here or within the parish, bred by J. Dunlop of that Ilk from improved stock from Holland, in around 1550 to 1700 or later. J. Dunlop of Titwood is said to have first bred 'Ayrshire Cows' at one of his home farms. The breed, also known as Cunninghame or Ayrshire cattle are pied, white and brown, short in leg, long in the horn, straight in the back: the bulls are fiery in temper and the cows are peculiarly placid and docile. They produce milk which is very high in butterfat and ideal for cheese-making. The milk has a high protein content and is relatively homogenous.
It is an interesting point to note that the selective breeding of cattle was almost impossible before the enclosure of land by dykes and ditches in the 18th-century, because prior to this the cattle were free to mix without much control from the farmer and establishing or maintaining a pure breed was therefore practically impossible.
Micro history
The British army and navy of this time purchased Barbara Gilmour's Dunlop type of cheese as the taste of cheeses made from skimmed milk when compared with unskimmed cheeses was so unsatisfactory that it caused dissent amongst the regular troops and sailors.
In the 17th century Dunlop had two fairs a year for the sale of dairy stock, one on the second Friday of May; and the other called Hallowday, on 12 November.
An Ayrshire cow was given to Robbie Burns in 1788 by Mr. J. Dunlop of Dunlop. He wrote to say that the gift was the finest quey in Ayrshire. A 'quey' was the Scots for a heifer until she had birthed a calf.
In Sir Walter Scott's "Heart Of Midlothian" he has the Duke of Argyll saying "the Dunlop is the very cheese of which I am so fond, and I will take it as the greatest favour you can do me to send one to Caroline Park. But remember, be on honour with it, Jeanie, and make it all yourself, for I am a real good judge."
Timothy Pont states of Stewarton and Dunlop in 1604 – 1608 that "the butter of this countrey in effecte ferues a grate pairt of ye Kingdome, one aker of ground heir zeilding more butter then 3 akers of ground in aney adiacent countreys".
One place that Dunlop cheese is made today (2008) is at West Clerkland Farm, a short distance from Barbara Gilmour's old home.
The Dunlop legacy of Barbara Gilmour
See also
Dalgarven Mill – The Ayrshire Museum of Country Life & Costume
Corsehill – A history of the area
Dunlop cheese
Lugton
References
External links
A historical perspective, drawn from the Ordnance Gazetteer of Scotland
A page on Dunlop Cheese
Details of cheese making and a photograph of a stone cheese press at 'The Hill' farm in Dunlop
A Researcher's Guide to Local History terminology
17th-century births
1732 deaths
17th-century Scottish people
17th-century Scottish women
18th-century Scottish businesspeople
18th-century British businesswomen
18th-century Scottish women
People from North Ayrshire
Scottish inventors
Year of birth unknown
Women inventors
Covenanters
History of Scottish cuisine
Scottish women in business
Bårjås is a popular scientific journal that has been published once a year in Lule Sámi and Norwegian by the Árran Lule Sami Center and museum in the village of Drag in Tysfjord, Norway since 1999. As of 2009 the magazine was edited by Lars Magne Andreassen and Ronny Nergård.
References
Culture in Nordland
Lule Sámi
Sámi in Norway
Sámi magazines
Magazines established in 1999
Annual magazines
Popular science magazines
1999 establishments in Norway
The Flairs (or Flares) were an American doo-wop group known for their 1961 hit "Foot Stompin', Pt. 1." Based in Los Angeles, they went through several lineup changes during their existence. Their notable members included Richard Berry (writer of 'Louie Louie') and Cornell Gunter, who would go on to be a member of the Coasters.
The group debuted on Flair Records which it was named after in 1953. In 1956, a new Flairs group was formed and they joined ABC Records. After they went to Loma Records and became known as the Ermines. After another lineup change they became known as the Flares.
Career
The Debonaires/Flairs
Formed at Jefferson High School in Los Angeles, the group was originally called the Debonaires. The members included Arthur Lee Maye, Pete Fox, Obediah Jessie, Joe Winslow, and A.V. Odom. Winslow dropped out, leaving the group a quartet. Bass man Odom was out soon after, and was replaced by Richard Berry. Maye began putting baseball ahead of singing (he would later be a professional baseball player for the Milwaukee Braves), and the group brought in Beverly Thompson to replace him. Cornell Gunter, who had recently left the earliest lineup of the Platters, came in to make the group a quintet. Their first recording "I Had A Love" was released as by The Hollywood Blue Jays in 1953 on John Dolphin's label Recorded In Hollywood. Dolphin released another single by a different group called the Five Hollywood Blue Jays around the same time. The Debonaires made a handful of recordings on the label with no real success.
In 1953, the group signed to Flair Records, a subsidiary of Modern Records, owned by the Bihari brothers. At this point, the Debonaires changed their name to the Flairs. Although named after the label, they had little success there. They recorded several singles through 1953, beginning with "I Had a Love". The next was "Rabbit On A Log", which was credited to the Hunters, to avoid competition with "I Had A Love." More singles followed into 1954 including "Baby Wants"/"You Were Untrue" with Ike Turner on guitar. Thompson left in the summer of 1954. The group performed as a quartet, and brought in Charles Jackson as a fifth member on recordings.
The Flairs performed at the famed tenth Cavalcade of Jazz concert held at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles which was produced by Leon Hefflin, Sr. on June 20, 1954. They performed along with Ruth Brown, Count Basie and his Orchestra, Lamp Lighters, Louis Jordan and His Tympany Five, Christine Kittrell, and Perez Prado and his Orchestra.
Shortly after Thompson's departure, Berry left as well. He had been working with Arthur Lee Maye's new group, the Crowns, as well as his own second group, the Dreamers. This caused friction in the Flairs. His replacement was Randy Jones (who also did some bass spots with the Crowns). The group continued recording, with one of their singles, "Love Me, Love Me, Love Me", being credited to the Chimes. Jackson left to join the Chimes at this time, and Jones left to fill the bass spot in the Penguins. Gunter, Jessie, and Fox continued as the Jac-O-Lacs, recording for Tampa Records. The group broke up at this point. Jessie recorded one more Jac-O-Lacs single, "Mary Lou", backed by the Cadets. He got to know this group and, when a baritone was needed a few years later, recommended fellow Flair Pete Fox for the job. Jessie continued as a soloist.
The Ermines/second Flairs
With Fox joining the Cadets and Jessie recording solo (as Young Jessie), Cornell Gunter formed a new group, the Ermines, with new members George Hollis, Thomas Miller, and his cousin, Kenneth Byley. After a brief stint with Loma Records, they signed up with manager Buck Ram, and moved to ABC-Paramount Records, taking the name the Flairs. After recording for ABC a short time, they moved to Modern, then to Aladdin Records. Old Ermine's tracks continued to be released by Loma. Also, during this time, they frequently backed up Gunter's sister, Shirley Gunter.
Gunter was out in late 1957, and was replaced by Vince Weaver. The group recorded into the summer of 1958 for Ram's Antler Records. Later that year, Weaver and Byley both left the group. The Cadets were again associated with the Flairs—they had just split, and ex-Cadets Willie Davis and Aaron Collins joined the Flairs. Former Flair Pete Fox was also a member of the Cadets when they split, and he did not join the Flairs. The fourth Cadet, Will "Dub" Jones, filled one of two recent vacancies in the Coasters, the other being filled by recent Flair departee Cornell Gunter.
The Flares/Peppers
Miller, Hollis, Davis, and Collins recorded only briefly as the Flairs, before changing their name to the Flares in 1959. Buck Ram had actually proposed a different name, the Peppers. After a two-year break, the Flares began to record again. By this time, however, both of the former Cadets had left, and the group was now Miller, Hollis, Eddie King, Robbie Robinson, and Beverly Harris. This lineup recorded for Felsted Records. Then the lineup returned to Miller, Hollis, Willie Davis, and Aaron Collins (possibly featuring Harris). They recorded as Bennie Bunn and the Cadets for Sherwood Records in 1960.
At that time, Hollis left and was replaced by a former Flair, Randy Jones and Patience Valentine was added as a fifth member. Once again as the Flares, the group recorded for Jan-Lar Records. The group's lineup shifted rapidly at this point- later, Davis was out and Hollis was in. Then, Jones and Valentine were out, and Davis and Collin's sister Rose Collins were in. Rose was only in shortly, then she and Aaron's sister Betty Collins. Then, Davis was out again, replaced by the returning Vince Weaver for a short time, before Davis returned.
As the Flares, their biggest hit was the 1961 release "Foot Stompin' Part 1", which hit #20 on the Black Singles chart and #25 on the Billboard Hot 100.
In 1961, the group took Buck Ram's previous suggestion and recorded as the Peppers for Ensign Records. Then it was back to the Flares for Ram's Press Records. They alternated between the Peppers and the Flares through 1964. At that point, the group split.
Discography
Singles
The Hollywood Blue Jays
1953: "I Had A Love" / "Tell Me You Love Me" (Recorded In Hollywood 396)
The Flairs
1953: "I Had A Love" / "She Wants To Rock" (Flair 1012)
1953: "Tell Me You Love Me" / "You Should Care For Me" (Flair 1019)
1953: "Baby Wants" / "You Were Untrue" (Flair 1041)
1954: "Getting High" / "Love Me Girl" (Flair 1028)
1954: "This Is The Night For Love" / "Let's Make With Some Love" (Flair 1044)
1954: "I'll Never Let You Go" / "Hold Me, Thrill Me, Chill Me" (Flair 1056)
1955: "She Loves To Dance" / "My Darling, My Sweet" (Flair 1067)
1955: Shirley Gunter and The Flairs – "How Can I Tell You" / "Ipsy Opsie Ooh" (Flair 1076)
1956: Shirley Gunter and The Flairs – "Headin' Home" / "I Want You" (Modern 989)
1956: Shirley Gunter and The Flairs – "Fortune In Love" / "I Just Got Rid Of A Heartache" (Modern 1001)
1956: Fatso Theus and The Flairs – "Be Cool My Heart" (Aladdin 3324)
1956: "Aladdin's Lamp" / "Steppin' Out" (ABC-Paramount 9740)
1957: "I'd Climb The Hills And Mountains" / "Swing Pretty Mama" (Antler 4005)
1959: "The Sheik Of Araby" / "Adorable" (Barclay 60165)
The Hunters
1953: "Rabbit on the Log" / "Down at Hayden" (Flair 1017)
The Chimes
1954: "My Heart's Crying For You" / "Love Me, Love Me, Love Me" (Flair 1051)
Cornel Gunter and The Ermines
1955: "True Love" / "Peek, Peek-A-Boo" (Loma 701)
1956: "Muchacha, Muchacha" / "Keep Me Alive" (Loma 704)
1956: "One Thing For Me" / "I'm Sad" (Loma 705)
Bennie Bunn and the Cadets
1960: "You Must Be An Angel" / "I'm Looking For A Job" (Sherwood 211)
The Flares
1960: "Hotcha Cha-Cha Brown" / "Loving You" (Felsted 8604-V)
1960: "Jump And Bump" / "What Do You Want If You Don't Want Love" (Felsted 8607-V)
1961: "Foot Stomping Pt. 1" / "Foot Stomping Pt. 2" (The Ramrocks) (Felsted 8624) – peaked at #25 on the Billboard Hot 100/ #20 R&B
1961: "Foot Stomping" / "Hotcha Cha-Cha Brown" (London HLU 9441)
1962: "Doing The Hully Gully" / "Truck and Trailer" (Press 2802)
1962: "Mad House" / "Make It Be Me" (Press 2803)
1962: "Rock and Roll Heaven Pt. 1" / "Rock and Roll Heaven Pt. 2" (Press 2800)
1963: "Do It With Me" / "Yon He Goes" (Press 2807)
1963: "Hand Clappin'" / "Shimmy And Stomp" (Press 2808)
1963: "The Monkey Walk" / "Do It If You Wanna' (Press 2810)
1964: Cookie Jackson and The Flares – "I Didn't Lose A Doggone Thing" / "Write A Song About Me" (Press 2814)
The Peppers
1961: "One More Chance" / "A Place In My Heart" (Ensign 1706)
1963: "It Wouldn't Be The Same" / "Little Piece Of Paper" (Press 2809)
Album appearances
1989: R&B Confidential No.1 - The Flair Label (Ace Records)
1991: Juke Box R&B (Ace Records)
1999: Buck Ram's Doo Wop (Ace Records)
2004: Shirley Gunter – Oop Shoop (The Flair And Modern Recordings 1953-1957) (Ace Records)
2010: Ike Turner – That Kat Sure Could Play! The Singles 1951-1957 (Secret Records Limited)
2013: Dust My Rhythm & Blues - The Flair Records R&B Story 1953-55 (Ace Records)
2016: Richard Berry – Louie, Louie: 1953-1962 (Real Gone)
References
External links
Marv Goldberg's R&B notebooks - The Flairs
The Flairs on AllMusic
Article on Randy Jones
Doo-wop groups
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Musical groups established in 1952
Recorded In Hollywood artists
Flair Records artists
Modern Records artists
Aladdin Records artists
ABC Records artists
Barclay Records artists
Loma Records artists
1952 establishments in California
Bruce Ford (born August 15, 1956) is an American operatic tenor, particularly associated with Mozart roles and the bel canto repertory.
Ford was born in Lubbock, Texas, and studied at Texas Tech University, the University of Texas, and later as a member of the Houston Grand Opera Studio in Houston, where he created Philip Glass's The Madrigal Opera in 1981.
He left for Europe, where he made his official operatic debut in Wuppertal in 1983, as Belmonte and Tamino, then in Mannheim in 1985, as Ferrando and Don Ramiro. In 1985, he also appeareared at the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux as Almaviva, and the Aix-en-Provence Festival, as Lindoro.
He began specializing in the bel canto repertory notably Rossini, appearing at the Pesaro Festival and the Wexford Festival in roles such as Argirio in Tancredi, Uberto in La donna del lago, Rinaldo in Armida, Agorante in Ricciardo e Zoraide, Antenore in Zelmira, Erisso in Maometto II, Oreste in Ermione, etc.
In 1991, he sang in Mitridate, re di Ponto at the Royal Opera House in London. He also appeared at La Monnaie in Brussels, at La Scala in Milan, the Vienna State Opera, the Metropolitan Opera in New York, etc.
In the 1990s, he began a long collaboration with Opera Rara, appearing in numerous concert performances and recordings of rare operas by Donizetti, Mercadante, Mayr, Meyerbeer, Pacini.
In 2007, he performed the title role in Otello for the Washington Concert Opera, an opera organization which produces rare operas that might otherwise not be heard.
Notable recordings include; Le domino noir, Rosmonda d'Inghilterra, Maria de Rudenz, Margherita d'Anjou, Carlo di Borgogna, Maria, regina d'Inghilterra, Zoraida di Granata, Il crociato in Egitto, Pia de' Tolomei, Elisabetta, regina d'Inghilterra, Otello, etc.
References
Sources
Le guide de l'opéra, Roland Mancini & Jean-Jacques Rouveroux, (Fayard, 1995)
1956 births
American operatic tenors
Living people
20th-century American male opera singers
People from Lubbock, Texas
Texas Tech University alumni
University of Texas alumni
Singers from Texas
Classical musicians from Texas
The International Volunteer Day for Economic and Social Development (5 December), more commonly referred to as International Volunteer Day (IVD), is an international observance mandated by the UN General Assembly in 1985. It offers an opportunity for volunteer-involving organizations and individual volunteers to promote volunteerism, encourage governments to support volunteer efforts and recognize volunteer contributions to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) at local, national and international levels.
International Volunteer Day is celebrated by many non-governmental organizations, civil society, and the private sector, among others. It is also marked and supported by the United Nations Volunteers (UNV) programme.
UNV coordinates a campaign to promote IVD every year, building on the impact volunteers have in communities, nationally and globally for peace and development.
In 2018 the focus of IVD is not only to celebrate volunteerism in all its facets, but also to highlight the role that volunteers play in building resilient communities. It is worth noting that current estimates equate the global volunteer workforce to 109 million full-time workers. 30 per cent of volunteering that takes place formally through organizations, associations and groups; and 70 per cent occurs through informal engagement between individuals. Overall, 60% of the informal volunteers are women.
For IVD 2021 celebrations, UNV worked with UN agencies, partners, Member States and governments across the world to recognise and support the spirit of volunteerism to create a more inclusive and sustainable future for all – people and planet. Therefore, the campaign message - “Volunteer now for our common future.”
Background
The International Volunteer Day for Economic and Social Development was adopted by the United Nations General Assembly through Resolution A/RES/40/212 on 17 December 1985.
In 2012, in response to evolving experiences and recommendations, the United Nations Volunteers (UNV) programme spearheaded a Five-Year International Volunteer Day Strategy, with the aim to make it more globally recognized and grassroots-owned.
Celebration of International Volunteer Day (IVD) and the themes:
IVD is celebrated each year in over 80 countries annually. The IVD website receives around 50,000 page views every year, with around 150 stories posted which highlight over 50,000 volunteers, photos and videos of celebrations worldwide.
IVD 2021 – "Volunteer now for our common future"
IVD 2021 is focused on decision-makers more than in the past. It is important to integrate volunteers and the spirit of volunteerism into national and global implementation strategies to achieve the SDGs and build an inclusive world. By volunteering, people take action to improve their lives and the lives of those around them. Therefore, the theme for this year's campaign is “Volunteer now for our common future”.
IVD 2020 – "Together We Can Through Volunteering"
IVD 2020 emphasized gratitude for volunteers and their efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic.
IVD 2019 – "For an Inclusive Future"
IVD 2019 focused on the diversity of volunteers and how volunteers themselves contribute to inclusion.
IVD 2018 – "Volunteers build Resilient Communities"
IVD 2018 celebrated volunteer efforts that strengthen local ownership and the resilience of the community in the face of natural disasters, economic stresses and political shocks. The event on 5 December 2018 focused on how volunteers can build resilient communities.
IVD 2017 - "Volunteers Act First. Here. Everywhere."
The focus of IVD 2017 was to recognize the positive solidarity of volunteers around the world who answer calls in times of crisis, helping save lives today and supporting those who want to continue living their lives with dignity tomorrow.
IVD 2016 - "Global Applause – give volunteers a hand"
Under this theme, IVD presented a round of global applause to celebrate volunteers everywhere and encouraged others to join in and contribute to peace and sustainable development.
IVD 2015 - "Your world is changing. Are you? Volunteer!"
The goal of IVD 2015 was to start a dialogue about how volunteerism is vital to the success of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the 2030 Agenda.
IVD 2014 - "Make change happen, volunteer!"
The goal of IVD 2014 was to highlight the contribution of volunteers in engaging people from the grassroots in decision-making processes, ultimately creating spaces for participation that lead to stronger governance, social cohesion, peace and sustainable development.
IVD 2013 - "Young. Global. Active."
The goal of the event was to pay special tribute to the contribution of youth volunteers to global peace and sustainable human development, highlighting that young people act as agents of change in their communities.
IVD 2012 - "Celebrate volunteering"
The event celebrated its commitment and hope for a better world. The main focus of IVD 2012 was awareness of and recognition for volunteers and volunteer organizations.
A focus on partnership and development
Through the years, International Volunteer Day has been used strategically: many countries have focused on volunteers' contributions to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals, a set of time-bound targets to combat poverty, hunger, disease, health, environmental degradation and gender equality. [1]
International Volunteer Day (IVD) celebrates active volunteers and attracts new volunteers in the North and in the South, with a special focus on promoting South-South cooperation.
The organization of International Volunteer Day is generally the result of a partnership between the UN system, governments, volunteer-involving organizations and committed individuals. Representatives from the media or academia, foundations, the private sector, faith groups, and sports and recreational organizations are often involved too.
The General Assembly invited Governments to observe annually, on 5 December, the International Volunteer Day for Economic and Social Development (resolution 40/212 of 17 December 1985) and urged them to take measures to heighten awareness of the important contribution of volunteer service, thereby stimulating more people in all walks of life to offer their services as volunteers, both at home and abroad.
The United Nations General Assembly, in its resolution 52/17 of 20 November 1997, proclaimed 2001 as the International Year of Volunteers (IYV). The year was conceived to further the recognition of volunteers, facilitate their work, create a communication network and promote the benefits of voluntary service.
In 2001, the International Year of Volunteers, the General Assembly adopted a set of recommendations on ways in which Governments and the United Nations system could support volunteering and asked that they be given wide dissemination (resolution 56/38 of 5 December 2001).
The United Nations General Assembly, in its resolution 57/106 of 22 November 2002, called upon the United Nations Volunteers (UNV) programme to ensure that the potential of International Volunteer Day is fully realized.
On 18 December 2008, the General Assembly decided that on or around 5 December 2011, two plenary meetings of the sixty-sixth session of the General Assembly should be devoted to the follow-up to the International Year of Volunteers and the commemoration of its tenth anniversary (resolution 63/153).
Online Volunteering Award
Traditionally, on International Volunteer Day (5 December), UNV calls for nominations and launches the UNV Online Volunteering Award. A jury made up of UNV representatives and external experts in volunteerism and development cooperation reviews the nominations and selects the winners.
The United Nations Volunteers (UNV) programme invites citizens worldwide to be inspired by the winner's stories and participate in the global voting for their favorite winner. The team that gets the most votes is announced as the public's favorite on the International Day of Happiness.
The purpose of the award is to recognize online volunteers' contributions towards achieving the Sustainable Development Goals, to showcase the many ways in which online volunteers can strengthen the capacities of organizations and to demonstrate the difference volunteers can make to peace and development projects by sharing their time, skills and expertise over the Internet.
See also
Association for Volunteer Administration
Association of Leaders in Volunteer Engagement
Global Youth Service Day
Good Deeds Day
International Year of Volunteers
Join Hands Day
List of awards for volunteerism and community service
Make A Difference Day
Mandela Day
Mitzvah Day
MLK Day of service
National Cleanup Day
National Philanthropy Day (USA and Canada)
National Public Lands Day (USA)
NetDay
Peace Day
Random Acts of Kindness Day
September 11 National Day of Service (9/11 Day)
Sewa Day
Subbotnik Day
United Nations Volunteer
World Cleanup Day
World Humanitarian Day
World Kindness Day
References
External links
International Volunteer Day webpage
United Nations System Calendar of Media Events
Volunteers, International Day for
December observances
Volunteering
SSCE may refer to:
Societas Sentire cum Ecclesia, Indonesia
Senior Secondary Certificate of Education, Australia
Senior Secondary Certificate Examination, Nigeria
Society for the Study of Christian Ethics, United Kingdom
Sri Sairam College of Engineering, Bangalore, Karnataka, India
Solid Surface Combustion Experiment, carried out on several NASA flights, e.g. STS-54
Sequential sector conjunctival epitheliectomy; see Limbal stem cell deficiency
Royal Township may refer to:
Royal Township, White County, Arkansas, in White County, Arkansas
Royal Township, Ford County, Kansas
Royal Township, Lincoln County, Minnesota
Royal Township, Antelope County, Nebraska
Royal Township, Ramsey County, North Dakota, in Ramsey County, North Dakota
Township name disambiguation pages
Raymond Harland Hayes (13 July 1909 - 16 May 2000) was a British archaeologist. He wrote and published extensively about archaeology, primarily in the North York Moors area.
Hayes was born in York. His father was a professional photographer who owned a studio in Monkgate. While Raymond was still an infant, his family moved to Beck Garth, in the village of Hutton-le-Hole on the North York Moors. His father's business continued to prosper here. The studio mostly produced illustrations for books on the history and topography of North Riding. Upon graduating from a local school, Hayes began to serve as an apprentice to his father. He soon developed an interest in archaeology. Hayes had attended numerous lectures on archaeology delivered by some famous scholars, Philip Corder being a standout name among them. This was the major reason behind the young Hayes' inclination toward archaeology. His interest was complemented by a gift for photography, two qualities that won him admirers and employers on local digs.
Hayes's knowledge of the north York moors made him a sought after archaeologist. He worked with several renowned archaeologists, including Geoffrey Dimbleby. It was Hayes who took Dimbleby to sites on which the latter conducted his pioneering analysis of pollen.
The photography skills of Hayes led to his being part of many excavations from the mid-1930s. In 1947, he photographed the town-house site in Malton. In 1958, he took photographs of the excavation site at the Roman town of Cataractonium (Catterick). His photos of the town are the only surviving record of that excavation.
Hayes was rewarded with the MBE for his services to archaeology.
References
1909 births
2000 deaths
English archaeologists
Photographers from Yorkshire
People from Ryedale (district)
"I Got My Mind Made Up (You Can Get It Girl)" is a single by the disco band Instant Funk, recorded and released in 1978, which was later included in their self-titled sophomore album.
Song Background
The original production of this song was done on 8 tracks and was a simple 3 minute R&B song. It was transferred to 24 track tape at Blank Tapes, NYC and work began on it by the producer Bunny Sigler and engineer Bob Blank. Among other things, Bunny brought in a woman to say 'say what?' throughout the record. Standing behind her, his directions ("scream") were amplified and used as part of the production. Remixing was done manually (no computerization) and was attempted by Walter Gibbons, Ken Cayre (the owner of Salsoul Records) and finally by Larry Levan. Done in Blank Tapes's old studio A, on a console that was not automated, the remixes were done with spicing tape, playing a small section of the music and then resetting the console, then recording the next piece. For the groove part that defines the song, 4 bars of groove section was edited in over and over to create the format of the song as it exists today. Bob Blank, the engineer for this production, estimates that it took over 60 hours of mixing time to create the versions that exist today.
In 1985, Salsoul Records removed all the multi-track masters from Blank Tapes (hundreds were stored in air conditioned storage areas in the studio) and destroyed them, except for some that were saved from destruction by John Morales. This master was among them.
Chart performance
The song spent three non-consecutive weeks at number one on the R&B singles chart (interrupted by "He's the Greatest Dancer" by Sister Sledge). It also enjoyed success on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, peaking at number twenty. The single also peaked at number one on the disco chart.
Chart positions
Remixes
Throughout the years 'I Got My Mind Made Up' has been remixed to varying degrees of success in the clubs:
In 1990 the song was remixed by Freshline Allstars and Hithouse.
In 1995 the song was remixed by Johnny Vicious. In 1997 the song was remixed by Alex Neri. In 1998 the song was remixed by Succi
In 2003 the song was remixed by Thunderpuss.
Samples
It was recognizably sampled by De La Soul in their track "A Rollerskating Jam named 'Saturdays'".
References
1979 singles
Disco songs
1979 songs
Manmohan Mahapatra (ମନମୋହନ ମହାପାତ୍ର, 10 November 1951 – 13 January 2020) was an Odia filmmaker, director, producer, and writer. He won eight consecutive national film awards for his films Nishita Swapna, Majhi Pahacha, Tired Afternoon, Neeraba Jhada, Seeta Raati, and Bhinna Samaya, among others.
His first film Seeta Raati made in 1976 was the first Odia film to be screened at international film festival in 1982.
On 13 January 2020, Mahapatra died in a private hospital in Bhubaneswar at age 68 after battling prolonged kidney and heart ailments .
Manmohan Mahapatra is the recipient of India's highly prestigious award Padma Shri 2020 for his work in the field of art.
Filmography
Mahapatra studied film making at the FTII, Pune, and made a first short film Anti-Memoirs (Anti-Memories) in 1975. He made his first full-fledged Odia film Seeta Raati as a director in 1976. It won him the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Odia and was screened at international film festival in 1982 — making it the first Odia film to be screened at foreign film festival.
He made the couple of short films and then directed Neerab Jhada that won him another National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Odia out of eight consecutive national awards for best feature film in Odia.
He also directed a few Hindi films, notably — Bits and Pieces starring Nandita Das, Rahul Bose, and Dia Mirza.
As director
Anti-Memoirs and Anti-Memories (documentary)
Seeta Raati
Voices of Silence (documentary)
Konrak: The Sun Temple (documentary)
Neeraba Jhada (feature film)
Klanta Aparahna (feature film)
Trisandhya(feature film)
Majhi Pahacha (feature film)
Nisiddha Swapna (feature film)
Kichi Smruti Kichu Anubhuti (feature film)
Andha Diganta (feature film)
Vinya Samaya (feature film)
Agni Veena (feature film)
Muhurta (feature film)
As writer
Seeta Raati – Bibhuti Pattnaik
Neerab Jhada – screenplay
Klanta Aparahna (Odia) – story
Tired Afternoon – story
Majhi Pahacaha
Forbidden Dream
Bhinna Samaya
Muhurta – dialogue – screenplay – story – Barendra Dhal
As producer
Forbidden Dream
Neerab Jhada
See also
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Odia
29th National Film Awards
31st National Film Awards
32nd National Film Awards
34th National Film Awards
35th National Film Awards
36th National Film Awards
37th National Film Awards
40th National Film Awards
References
External
My next film explores generation clash: Manmohan Mahaptra
Klanta Aparanha – Story, Screenplay & Direction: Manmohan Mahapatra – National Film Awards – Best Regional Film – Odia (Silver Lotus)
Orissa: Manmohan Mahapatra the Father of Oriya New wave Cinema
MANMOHAN POHAPATRA – Director`s Profile
Bits 'N' Pieces: Mahapatra's introspective film
Odia film directors
Odia film producers
Hindi-language film directors
Film producers from Odisha
1951 births
2020 deaths
Odia screenwriters
Film directors from Odisha
Odia film screenwriters
Screenwriters from Odisha
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
Frederick Henry Yates (4 February 1797 – 21 June 1842) was an English actor and theatre manager.
Life
Yates was born in London, the youngest son of Thomas Yates, a tobacco manufacturer, of Thames Street and Russell Square. Frederick was educated at a preparatory school at Winchmore Hill and at Charterhouse School (at the former meeting John Reeve, whom he would later work with) before joining the commissariat department. In that job he was with Wellington in the Peninsular War and possibly at the battle of Waterloo.
When peace came, he met Charles Mathews at a fancy ball before accompanying him on a trip to France in winter 1817/18 and becoming an actor on his advice (his first stage appearance was in Boulogne during the trip). He then appeared at Edinburgh before making his London debut on 7 November 1818 at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden, where he remained until 1824/25. Through his marriage he was related to the Robertsons who ran the Lincoln and Stamford theatrical circuits, it was not long before he was able to take productions on tour.
James Rodwell, who was the lessee of the Adelphi Theatre, died in 1824 or 1825, and the lease passed to his brother George Herbert Buonaparte Rodwell; it then came on the market, and Yates with Daniel Terry bought it, at a price of £30,000. They opened it on 10 October 1825 with Killigrew, for which they both were in the cast: it included also Benjamin Wrench, John Reeve, and Fanny Elizabeth Fitzwilliam.
Yates put on a three-act production of Yates Laughable Entertainments at Stamford Theatre on 13 and 14 June 1827 and Popular Entertainments on 25 and 26 June in Lincoln theatre.
In 1829 he brought over a female elephant from Paris to star in the Adelphi theatre and she brought in crowds, its debut in The Elephant of Siam and the Fire Fiend was reported as one of the most successful ever with the walls of the theatre actually shaking from the thunders of applause. Yates took it on tour in 1830 when in August in Newcastle the elephant killed one of its keepers and seriously injured the other.
In 1833 he brought with him Harriet Waylett to perform at King's Lynn theatre.
Yates managed the Adelphi until his retirement from management in 1842 (seven years after his patron Mathews' death in 1835). He also co-managed the Caledonian Theatre, later renamed the Adelphi, on Leith Walk in Edinburgh (with William Henry Murray, 1830–31), the Colosseum in Regent's Park (with John Braham, 1835). He was still acting until the time of his death on 21 June 1842, having just arrived at Euston Square by train, and was buried at St Martin in the Fields.
Family
Yates married the actress Elizabeth Brunton (21 July 1799 – 30 August 1860) daughter of John Brunton, manager of the Exeter theatre on 7 December 1823. Their son Edmund Hodgson Yates become a journalist, playwright and novelist.
Notes
External links
.
.
1797 births
1842 deaths
English male stage actors
English theatre managers and producers
People educated at Charterhouse School
19th-century English male actors
19th-century English businesspeople
I Love, You Love () is a 1989 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Dušan Hanák. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival where Hanák won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
Cast
Roman Kłosowski as Pista
Milan Jelić as Vinco
Iva Janžurová as Viera
Milada Jezková as Mother
Václav Babka as Albín
Marie Motlová as Sida
Ludovit Reiter
Juraj Nvota as Jaro
Ivan Palúch as Rudo
Vera Bílá as Berta (as Bílá Viera)
Censorship
In 1989, the director was invited to attend the Sydney Film Festival, however before the event the Office of Film and Literature Classification had banned the film entirely and so could not be shown (even though the Festival had a special legislative exemption in regards to film censorship). The ban was based on a scene in the film showing a pregnant woman having sex, which the director had refused to remove.
References
External links
1989 films
1989 romantic drama films
Czechoslovak films
Slovak-language films
Films directed by Dušan Hanák
Czech romantic drama films
1980s Czech films
Charles Henry Aldrich (August 28, 1850 – April 13, 1929) was an American politician who served as a Solicitor General of the United States.
He attended the University of Michigan and received his A.B. in 1875. The University also awarded Charles an honorary masters in 1893. Admitted to the bar in 1876, Aldrich established a practice in Fort Wayne, Indiana for 10 years. He then moved to Chicago, where he maintained his practice from 1886 up until his appointment to U.S. Solicitor General.
In March 1892, Aldrich was appointed Solicitor General in place of William Howard Taft, who had just been appointed judge of the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. During his time as Solicitor General, Aldrich notably litigated the debated lives of United States patents, which principally involved telephone and electric light companies. He held the position until May 1893.
Aldrich returned to private practice after his service in the Office of the Solicitor General. Aldrich's achievements also included his leadership in various legal organizations, including president of the Chicago Law Club, member of the Chicago, Illinois and American Bar Associations, trustee of the Chicago Law Institute, and Vice President of the Union League Club.
Aldrich was married to Helen Roberts on October 13, 1875. The couple had two children, Charles H. Aldrich, Jr. and Helen Aldrich Hare.
He died on April 13, 1929 in Chicago, aged 78, and was interred near his hometown in Orland, Indiana.
External links
1850 births
1929 deaths
Politicians from Chicago
Indiana lawyers
Lawyers from Chicago
United States Solicitors General
University of Michigan alumni
People from LaGrange County, Indiana
People from Orland, Indiana
People from Fort Wayne, Indiana
19th-century American lawyers
Notopithecus is an extinct genus of Notoungulate, belonging to the suborder Typotheria. It lived from the Middle to the Late Eocene and its fossilized remains were discovered in South America.
Description
This animal is known from numerous fossils, sufficiently complete to reconstruct the general appearance of the creature. It was superficially similar to a modern prairie dog, or a slender marmot. Its body was approximately 30–40 centimeters long, excluding the tail.
Skull
The skull was short, broad, and high ; the temporal region and the tympanic bulla were enlarged. The dentition was complete, with incisor-shaped canines and without diastema. The premolars and molars were low-crowned (brachydont). The first upper incisor was well developed, and the first upper premolar was incisor-shaped. The other upper premolars were triangular in section and had a deep central dimple. The lower premolars were progressively more complex towards the posterior part of the mandible. The lower molars had a short anterior lobe and a posterior lobe with a well-developed entoconid.
Postcranial skeleton
Notopithecus had an agile and lithe body, with a long tail and four strong but slender limbs, allowing this animal to move rather quickly. The calcaneus had a rather short neck and the talus was characterized by a trapezoidal and asymmetrical trochlea, similar to Trachytherus, with a concave and smooth articular surface. Notopithecus also had a notable talar foramen, making its tarsus quite similar to other more specialized Typotheres, but still recalling in some way basal and archaic notoungulates, such as Colbertia, notably with the well-developed fibular tubercle of the calcaneus, in the lack of talar-cuboid contact and in the presence of a talar foramen.
Description
Notopithecus was first described in 1897 by Florentino Ameghino, based on fossil remains found in Middle Eocene terrains of the Gran Barranca locality of the Sarmiento Formation in Argentina. The type species is Notopithecus adapinus, later uncovered in several other Middle Eocene sites elsewhere in Argentina. The species Adpithecus amplidens, from the Late Eocene, and described by Ameghino in 1901, was later attributed to the genus.
Notopithecus was initially considered as a basal primate by Ameghino, confusion still found in the genus name, "Notopithecus" meaning "Monkey of the South". Later, it was determined that it was a Notoungulate belonging to the suborder Typotheria, a group of mammals sharing similarities with rodents. Notopithecus was a member of the eponymous archaic subfamily Notopithecinae, and is usually nested as a basal member of the family Interatheriidae, a clade of typotheres that diversified mainly during the Oligocene and Miocene, giving rise to genera such as Interatherium, Protypotherium, Miocochilius and Cochilius. More recently, some studies tends to indicate that Notopithecus was nested, along with Transpithecus, within a different family, Notopithecidae, not including "true" interatheriids.
Paleobiology
Notopithecus was a terrestrial animal whose brachydont teeth were well suited to eat low fern fronds and tender leaves.
Bibliography
F. Ameghino. 1897. Mamiferos Cretaceos de la Argentina. Segunda contribucion al conocimiento de la fauna mastologica de las capas con restos de Pyrotherium. Boletin Instituto Geografico Argentino 18:406-521
F. Ameghino. 1901. Notices préliminaires sur des ongulés nouveaux des terrains crétacés de Patagonie [Preliminary notes on new ungulates from the Cretaceous terrains of Patagonia]. Boletin de la Academia Nacional de Ciencias de Córdoba 16:349-429
M. A. Reguero and F. J. Prevosti. 2010. Rodent-like notoungulates (Typotheria) from Gran Barranca, Chubut Province, Argentina: phylogeny and systematics. In R. H. Madden, A. A. Carlini, M. G. Vucetich, R. F. Kay (eds.), The Paleontology of Gran Barranca: Evolution and Environmental Change through the Middle Cenozoic of Patagonia 148–165
Typotheres
Eocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 1887
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Prehistoric placental genera
Golfo San Jorge Basin
André Breton, (July 1, 1934 – September 18, 1992) was a Quebec-born singer, animator and actor.
Biography
Breton was born in Sherbrooke, Quebec on July 1, 1934. His father was a barber and director of the choir of the parish. André got interested to songs from a very young age. He said himself: "I learned to sing before learning to speak".
In 1956 Breton played in an amateur theatre group in Sherbrooke, under the direction of Lionel Racine. At the beginning of the 60s, he began his career on radio CHLT and TV 7 and quickly became a success as a singer, host and comedian. Together with two of his cousins, he formed the trio "Le Trio Chansonnette". Their only record sold 2000 copies in just one week.
In November 1964, Breton arrived at CKVL in Verdun, Quebec where he became the house announcer for 30 years. At that time, he hosted various variety shows on the Sherbrooke television.
In 1966, at the 10th Anniversary Gala of Sherbrooke Television, Breton was nominated as "the most popular animator", the "most popular character" for Ti-Toine and Little Lulu, the "best singer" and the "best music show".
In 1967, Breton and René Ouellette hosted the program La grange à Trefflé. In 1969, after he released two singles, Breton recorded his first country music first album in 1969. He also made several tours throughout Quebec with Marcel Martel, Willie Lamothe, and Lévis Bouliane.
In 1986, Breton received the Félix Award for his album "One day at a time".
Death
On September 18, 1992, Breton died from a heart attack.
Footnotes
1934 births
1992 deaths
French-language singers of Canada
20th-century Canadian male singers
Musicians from Sherbrooke
The 1989 Holy Cross Crusaders football team was an American football team that represented the College of the Holy Cross during the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Holy Cross swept its conference and won its third Colonial League championship in four years.
In their fourth year under head coach Mark Duffner, the Crusaders compiled a 10–1 record. Tim Donovan, Randy Pedro, Chris Maruca and Dave Murphy were the team captains.
The Crusaders outscored opponents 396 to 161. Holy Cross' undefeated (4–0) conference record placed first in the five-team Colonial League standings.
The Crusaders started the year at No. 8 in the national Division I-AA rankings and reached as high as No. 3. They were ranked No. 4 at season's end but did not participate in the national championship playoffs, as Colonial League rules at the time prohibited postseason play.
Holy Cross played its home games at Fitton Field on the college campus in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Schedule
References
Holy Cross
Holy Cross Crusaders football seasons
Patriot League football champion seasons
Holy Cross Crusaders football
, also known by and his Chinese style name , was a prince of Ryukyu Kingdom.
Prince Yuntanza was the second head of a royal family called Yuntanza Udun (). His father was Yuntanza Chōken.
King Shō Kō dispatched a gratitude envoy for his accession to Edo, Japan in 1806. Prince Yuntanza and Oroku Ryōwa was appointed as and respectively. They sailed back in the next year.
He served as sessei from 1803 to 1816. He was designated as a member of the .
References
1768 births
1817 deaths
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
18th-century Ryukyuan people
19th-century Ryukyuan people
Out of the Gutter is an album by the band Cockney Rejects released in 2002.
Track listing
"Out of the Gutter"
"Nobody Knows"
"Beginning of the End"
"It Still Means Something"
"Rock 'N' Roll Dream"
"You Gotta Have It"
"Take It On The Chin"
"Calling The Shots"
"Collar Felt Blues"
"Shit Or Bust"
"Go Down Fighting"
"Grin and Bear It"
"Snide"
References
2002 albums
Cockney Rejects albums
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1941–42 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1941–42
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Östra 1941–42
Division 2 Västra 1941–42
Division 2 Södra 1941–42
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Death Valley National Park
Dinoflagellate viral nucleoprotein
Marcel Van de Perre (1908 – 1968) was a Belgian sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1908 births
1968 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Ghent
Horaglanis abdulkalami is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to India.
Description and naming
It was described by Subhash Babu Kallikadavil of the Cochin University of Science and Technology in 2012. It was named after former President of India Abdul Kalam.
References
Horaglanis
Catfish of Asia
Cave fish
Freshwater fish of India
Fish described in 2012
Khairul Azwan bin Harun (Jawi: خيرالعزوان بن هارون; born 19 October 1976) is a Malaysian politician. He is a former Malaysian Senator which is part of the Dewan Negara. He is a member of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), a major party in the Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition. Azwan is one of the individuals mentioned during the press conference by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission on 8 January 2020 with regards to audio recordings of telephone conversations relating to the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal.
Azwan has been vocal in championing the issues related to youth and the future generations of Malaysia. His progressive political views can be seen through various initiatives that he brought forward including supporting English medium school, organising interfaith dialogue, and becoming the chairman for Kuala Lumpur International Youth Discourse (KLIYD). He was the chairman for KLIYD for 2 consecutive years.
Since 23 October 2013, he has been the Deputy Leader of UMNO Youth Wing and a member of UMNO Supreme Council chaired by the Party President. He won the post in the national party election with Khairy Jamaluddin who won the post of National Leader of UMNO Youth Wing. Prior to this, Azwan was the Leader of Barisan Nasional Perak Youth (the youth organisation of Malaysia's governing coalition), and the Head of the Perak State UMNO Youth Wing. At UMNO's grassroots level, he has held the post of Youth Chief for the Pasir Salak Division.
Personal background
Azwan had his tertiary education at the International Islamic University Matriculation Kuala Lumpur, and his university education at Cardiff University of Wales in the United Kingdom and Open University Malaysia in the Kuala Lumpur. While at Cardiff, he graduated with a Bachelor degree in Accounting in 1999. In 2007 he completed his Master degree in Management at Open University Malaysia. Azwan also successfully completed Leaders in Development Executive Course from Harvard Kennedy School, USA in 2014.
After leaving university, Azwan started his career in 1999 with Ernst & Young, Chartered Accountants at Kuala Lumpur Office and held senior positions in Business Assurance and Corporate Recovery divisions. He was involved in Ernst & Young corporate advisory assignments at several public listed companies and GLC.
Career Progress
Azwan started his career in 1999 with Ernst & Young, Chartered Accountants at Kuala Lumpur Office and held senior positions in Business Assurance and Corporate Recovery divisions. He was involved in Ernst & Young corporate advisory assignments at several public listed companies and GLCs. He joined Perak State Government in 2004 and was appointed as CEO of Yayasan Bina Upaya Darul Ridzuan (YBUDR), a state charity foundation in 2010 until 2011. He is also an adjunct Lecturer of Management and Leadership at PETRONAS University of Technology.
Azwan had also served as Chief of Staff at Perak Chief Minister's Office in 2009 until January 2010. After having served YBUDR as its founding CEO, Khairul Azwan has built his own corporate flagship namely Great Colour Group and continues to grow his group's business interest in energy, marine engineering, pharmaceutical and ICT.
In sports, Azwan was the Deputy President of Perak Football Association and was Perak State Super League Team Manager from 2011 until 2013.
Political Views
Throughout his political career, Azwan stands out as a progressive, moderate and no-holds barred youth leader. He upheld the principle of Wasattiyah (Moderation) as promoted by the Prime Minister Dato' Sri Najib Tun Razak. He is known for speaking his mind. In his engagement programs with the youth throughout Malaysia, he has been vocal in championing issues pertinent to the Malaysian youth. In the most recent years, Azwan has urged for greater efforts to upskill convicted drug addicts to ensure they can integrate back into society. Azwan has also voiced his concern on issues of religious extremism, climate change, sustainable energy and the need to prepare the youth for the jobs of the future.
Azwan writes constantly on the need for the youth to be attentive to the politics governing their nation. In an article in the New Straits Times, Azwan said: "For as much as you can express your wants and opinions, you must also listen to others and follow the traditions set to make sure everyone gets a fair chance. Frustrations of not seeing your particular ideals met should not warrant you to burn the bridge of this vital cooperation. What the youth must comprehend and actually guard against is the wrong perception that supporting your party president equates to yes-manning mindlessly. There are values of being apart of a party, values of loyalty and the sincerity of respect to leaders."For Azwan, it matters little what side the youth choose to support. What matters more is the right form of politics, one that is less focused on character attacking and more on substantive factual debate. In this, Azwan has been aggressively vocal in criticizing the opposition for its emotional and sensationalism type politics. In the opposition's Alternative Budget 2018, Azwan spent weeks debunking the promises that the opposition proposed, from the fallacy of its proposition to eradicate all road tolls to eliminating GST. In this sense, Azwan is known to present tough economic ideas in words that the common man would understand.
Azwan has been a stern critic of Mahathir Mohamed for his new role as Malaysia's opposition leader. Tun Dr Mahathir, a former Prime Minister of Malaysia for 22 years and now aged 93, became opposition leader in January 2018. For Azwan, this appointment is detrimental to the progress of youth leaders. He has expressed concern that a man of the past would not comprehend issues such as cybersecurity, jobs security, climate change and modern religious extremism. As noted by Azwan, having a credible opposition helps keep the government on its toes.
Kuala Lumpur International Youth Discourse
The Kuala Lumpur International Youth Discourse (KLIYD) is the brainchild of Khairul Azwan. It is a platform for youth to discuss geo-political issues in the focus of sovereignty, security, the cultures and the role of religion. During the discourse, Malaysian and foreign youth will be able to have an exchange of views and opinions with Malaysian policymakers, ministers, industry experts and academician.
KLIYD has succeeded in shaping the youth to discuss important issues concerning them and the nation. During the inception of KLIYD, it focused on empowering youth for a safer and better future. The threat of terrorism and radicalism is seen as one of the most dangerous threat hence it should be tackled by the government.
On the 2nd year, KLIYD emphasised on the importance of total security. Total security means protection from both traditional and non-traditional threat including job security, energy and power security, cybersecurity and food security. The discourse has created awareness amongst youth on the importance of total security to maintain a stable and prosperous nation. KLIYD is scheduled to become an annual platform for the youth to voice out their views.
References
External links
Official website
1976 births
Living people
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian accountants
United Malays National Organisation politicians
Members of the Dewan Negara
Alumni of Cardiff University
21st-century Malaysian politicians
Robert Paul Wine Sr. (born September 17, 1938) is a former shortstop, coach and manager in Major League Baseball (MLB). An excellent fielder who struggled as a hitter, Wine spent 12 seasons in the National League with the Philadelphia Phillies (1960; 1962–68) and the Montreal Expos (1969–72). He won the NL Gold Glove Award in 1963.
Playing career
Minor leagues
Before the 1957 season, Wine was signed by the Philadelphia Phillies as an amateur free agent out of Northport High School. His first season of professional baseball would see him with the class D Appalachian League (Short Season) Johnson City Phillies. The 18-year-old infielder appeared in 54 games, got 202 at bats, 68 hits—including 6 home runs—and hit for a .337 average.
Wine moved up to the class C California League Bakersfield Bears in 1958. Bobby appeared in 112 games, got 440 at bats, had 137 hits with 11 home runs, and hit for a .311 average. 1959 would find him with the class A Eastern League Williamsport Grays, playing in 120 contests, getting 426 at bats, but only 89 hits and his batting average fell to .209.
First taste of the majors
Wine played with the International League Buffalo Bisons in 1960, appearing in 154 games with 569 at bats and 153 hits for a .269 average. He recorded a .958 fielding percentage at the shortstop position. He made his major league debut that season, when the Philadelphia Phillies used him in 4 games. He picked up 2 base hits and fielded 19 total chances at shortstop without an error for a 1.000 percentage.
Back to the minors
In 1961 he was back with the Buffalo team where he hit for a .243 average and fielded at a .961 clip. He also spent time in 1962 with Buffalo, hitting .242 and fielding at a .977 percentage. This was his last minor league action, as he finished out the year with the Phillies, hitting at a .244 average and fielding .979. He played 20 games at third base in 1962 for the Philadelphia team and did not have an error.
In the majors to stay
Wine spent the next ten seasons (1963–1972) in the major leagues. Wine was with the memorable 1964 Philadelphia team, which was in first place most of the year but collapsed in the last two weeks to let the St. Louis Cardinals take the pennant on the last day of the season. He played shortstop during the late innings of Jim Bunning's perfect game against the New York Mets on Father's Day of that year. His last season with the Phillies was 1968, when a back injury limited him to 27 games.
Wine was sent to the expansion Montreal Expos at the end of spring training in 1969 as compension for pitcher Larry Jackson, who had been selected from the Phillies in the 1969 expansion draft but chose to retire rather than join the Expos. At first he was the back-up to Maury Wills, but he took over when Wills was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers in June 1969. Although he played in just 121 games, Wine led the league in errors with 31, and batted just .200.
In the 1970 season Bobby was 5th in the league in games played with 159 to his credit. He participated in a then-record 137 double plays in 1970. While his hitting was still awful, with no power to speak of, he registered his best batting average of his tenure with the Expos at .232. He also posted the best on-base percentage of his career, a paltry .287. Despite the low averages, Wine did manage to drive in 51 runs (meaning: his average went up with men on base)
In 1971, Wine regressed to batting numbers even worse than 1969, including a career-worst .235 slugging average. Just before Opening Day of the 1972 season, the Expos acquired Tim Foli from the New York Mets, replacing Wine as the starter at shortstop. While he remained with Montreal as a back-up to Foli early in 1972, Wine played very little - he went to bat only 18 times in 34 games - as the more versatile Héctor Torres assumed the role of utility infielder. The Expos released him on July 10, ending his career.
Overview
Known for his strong arm, Wine rarely played enough, or enough full games, to accumulate high statistical totals. He was bothered by a bad back and missed most of the 1966 and 1968 seasons because of it. He had surgery for a ruptured spinal disc in 1968. However, he won the 1963 Gold Glove Award, led the NL in fielding in 1967, and, as mentioned above, he set a ML shortstop record with 137 double plays in 1970. That was in fact his only season with more than 420 at bats, as he had 501. His best batting average came in his rookie 1962 season, when he hit .244 in 311 at bats. His .215 lifetime average is the fourth-worst all-time with 2,500 or more at bats.
A jokester, "Wino" once pulled the Hidden ball trick on, of all people, Baseball Hall of Famer Willie Mays. When chided for his lack of home run power in his playing career, Wine has cracked, "That's OK. I had one more than Ashburn," referring to Richie Ashburn, the Phillies' Hall of Fame center fielder, who had 29 home runs in his career to Wine's 30. Five of Wine's 30 home runs came against Hall of Fame pitchers: two each off Juan Marichal and Warren Spahn and one off Bob Gibson.
Coaching and managerial career
Wine became a coach almost immediately after his playing days ended. He worked with the Phillies from July 1972 through the 1983 season — an era in which the Phils rebounded from cellar-dwellers to National League East Division champions from 1976 through 1978, National League champions in 1980 and 1983 and 1980 World Series champions.
After the 1979 season, it was reported that Wine was considered for manager of the big league club, a job that eventually was kept by interim manager Dallas Green. He remained with the Phillies as bench coach to Dallas Green and was an important factor in the Phillies winning their first ever World Series title in 1980. Wine stayed as bench coach until the 1983 season when manager Pat Corrales was fired at mid-season despite the team being in first place. Wine, thought by many to be the natural selection to ascend to manager, was not given the job but was in fact let go by the Phillies when general manager Paul Owens took over as manager.
He then moved to the Braves, serving as a coach in 1985. He was the interim manager of the 1985 Braves from August 26 through season's end, replacing the fired Eddie Haas. Under Wine, the Braves won 16 and lost 25 (.390) and remained lodged in fifth place in the National League West. Wine's last years in uniform were as a New York Mets coach from 1993 to 1996. In 1996, he was subjected to a very unusual ejection from a game due to not presenting the lineup card to the umpiring crew on time. He has been a major league advance scout for the Braves since. A large part of Atlanta's success in its string of division titles in the National League East has been linked to his work in sharing his astute baseball observations directly with longtime Braves' manager Bobby Cox.
Personal life
Wine lives with his wife, Fran, in Norristown, Pennsylvania. His son, Robbie, is a former major league catcher and the former head baseball coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions. Wine was inducted into the Suffolk Sports Hall of Fame on Long Island in the Baseball Category with the Class of 1993. In 2007, Wine was inducted into the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame. In 2009, his grandson, Cory Wine, was drafted by his former team, the Philadelphia Phillies, in the 38th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft.
References
External links
Bobby Wine at SABR (Baseball BioProject)
Bobby Wine at Baseball Almanac
1938 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Atlanta Braves coaches
Atlanta Braves managers
Atlanta Braves scouts
Bakersfield Bears players
Baseball coaches from New York (state)
Baseball players from New York (state)
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Caribbean Series managers
Gold Glove Award winners
Johnson City Phillies players
Major League Baseball bench coaches
Major League Baseball shortstops
Major League Baseball third base coaches
Montreal Expos players
New York Mets coaches
Philadelphia Phillies coaches
Philadelphia Phillies players
Sportspeople from New York City
Williamsport Grays players
This is a list of British colours lost in battle. Since reforms in 1747 each infantry regiment carried two colours, or flags, to identify it on the battlefield: a king's colour of the union flag and a regimental colour of the same colour as the regiment's facings. The colours were regarded as talismans of the regiment and it was considered a stain on the unit's honour if they were captured. To prevent this, the colours were protected in the field by a colour party of young officers and experienced sergeants, around which the regiment would rally. As the 19th century progressed, regiments found their colour parties became increasingly vulnerable and some chose not to carry them in the field. The loss of two colours at the 1879 Battle of Isandlwana led to parliamentary debates on whether they should still be carried in the field. Heavy casualties among the colour party of the 58th (Rutlandshire) Regiment of Foot at the 1881 Battle of Laing's Nek led to a ban on them being carried in battle and since 1882 none have been taken on active service.
Background
The colours, flags, of a British Army infantry regiment serve to identify the unit and mark a rallying point for its troops. They were particularly important in early warfare when smoke on the battlefield could make it hard to discern friend from foe. The colours developed into important talismans for the regiments, representing its traditions and honour; to capture an enemy colour was considered a great achievement while allowing one's own colours to be captured, or "lost" to the enemy was considered a stain on the regiment's honour. In combat the colours were carried by ensigns, the most junior and often youngest of the regiment's officers and were placed in the front and centre of the unit. Because of their value and conspicuity the ensigns faced considerable risk. To assist the ensigns (who were often just 16 years old) in handling the heavy flags and to protect the colours a number of experienced sergeants, armed with spontoons, were assigned to the colour party. From 1813 a new rank, colour sergeant, was introduced for these men as a mark of honour. If the colour party took casualties other officers, sergeants and, if necessary, other ranks would take their place. At the 1815 Battle of Waterloo 14 sergeants of the 40th (the 2nd Somersetshire) Regiment of Foot were killed or wounded while serving in the colour party and at the 1854 Battle of the Alma the colour party of the 21st (Royal North British Fusilier) Regiment of Foot lost 3 officers and 17 sergeants.
Colours were first regulated by order of George II in 1747. The recent Jacobite rising of 1745 had prompted the king to set in place army reforms to standardise uniforms, drill and tactics. He was keen to ensure the soldiers' loyalty to the crown rather than the colonel of their regiment (regiments up to this time were known by their colonel's name rather than an ordinal number). The colours of line infantry regiments had previously varied in number and design according to the whims of their colonel; many bore the personal arms of their commander, rather than any national or royal insignia. George's reforms standardised the colours to two per regiment: a "king's colour" (known as a "royal" or "queen's colour" during the reign of a queen), based on the union flag and a "second colour" (later known as the "regimental colour") with a field in the colour of the regiment's facings defaced by the new regimental numbers. It was common for infantry colours to be consecrated by an Anglican priest, and by 1825 it became the norm that colours would be consecrated when being formally presented to the regiment, though there were exceptions.
Preventing capture
Regiments usually took great care to avoid their colours from falling into the hands of the enemy. During the surrender at Saratoga the colours of the 9th Regiment of Foot were smuggled back to England by their colonel, which was viewed by the Americans as a violation of the terms of the surrender. The colours of the 94th Regiment of Foot were saved during the surrender following the 1880 Battle of Bronkhorstspruit by being hidden beneath the bed of a wounded soldier's wife, in an ambulance allowed to return to British lines. On other occasions the colours have been deliberately destroyed to prevent their capture. The colours of the 51st (2nd Yorkshire West Riding) Regiment of Foot (Light Infantry) were burnt by their colonel at the 1811 Battle of Fuentes de Oñoro when he feared they were at risk of capture and on several occasions regiments threatened with capture while being transported at sea have weighted their colours and thrown them overboard. On some occasions regiments have been offered the right to keep their colours during surrender negotiations, such was the case with the colours of the 4th, 23rd, 24th and 34th regiments of foot who retained their colours after the 1782 surrender of Minorca. Despite the value placed on them colours were sometimes lost off the battlefield, the 71st (Highland) Regiment of Foot (MacLeod's Highlanders) left them at their depot in Britain during the Peninsular War but could not find them upon their return; a light infantry regiment lost one colour in the post during the 19th century.
The colours of units fighting in open order as light infantry were particularly vulnerable to attack and, as early as 1808, many such units did not carry their colours in the field. In battle the colours were sometimes sent to the rear if they were considered to be at risk or attracting too much enemy fire. Sometimes commanders considered the carrying of colours to be a hindrance to their units and ordered them left behind, as did General James Abercrombie during the 1758 Ticonderoga campaign. By the 1860s many infantry regiments posted on active service chose to leave their colours safely behind at their depots.
After the loss of the colours of the 24th (The 2nd Warwickshire) Regiment of Foot at the 1879 Battle of Isandlwana there were debates in parliament as to whether colours should continue to be carried in the field. These were renewed after the heavy casualties suffered by the colour party of the 58th (Rutlandshire) Regiment of Foot at the 28 January 1881 Battle of Laing's Nek; British General Garnet Wolseley remarked that after this engagement any colonel that ordered the colours to be carried into action should be tried for the murders of the men lost carrying them. The action led to the Secretary of State for War Hugh Childers issuing instructions on 29 July that colours were no longer to be taken into the field. This was reinforced by a 2 March 1882 order from the Commander-in-Chief of the Forces, the Duke of Cambridge, that regiments posted on active service leave their colours behind. The colours of the 58th at Laing's Nek became the last to be carried into battle and those of the 1st battalion of the South Staffordshire Regiment the last to be taken on active service when they were at Alexandria in 1882.
Units without colours
Only the flags of British infantry regiments are known as colours, the flags of British cavalry regiments are called standards; these were not consecrated, and do not seem to have attracted the same level of veneration as their infantry counterparts. From the early 19th century it became increasingly rare for cavalry standards to be taken into battle; very few were carried during the Peninsular War, for example. The light dragoons (a class of light cavalry that also included hussars and lancers) ceased to carry any standards after 1834, as by this time they fought most often as skirmishers in open order and hence would not be able to protect their standard.
Infantry regiments lost their colours when designated as rifle units, which were intended to fight in skirmish order; this includes the 95th (Rifle) Regiment of Foot, the 60th (Royal American) Regiment of Foot and their modern-day successor The Rifles. The Marines (from 1802 the Royal Marines), were organised into companies with only their administrative divisions receiving colours, which were not carried in the field. The Royal Artillery did not carry colours, with their guns being considered the equivalent.
List
This is a list of colours lost on the battlefield, or surrendered immediately afterwards, by infantry regiments of the British army since the 1747 reforms. Colours temporarily lost and recovered in the course of the battle are not listed. The list does not include units of the East India Company armies (and later the British Indian Army), colonial troops or militia.
References
British Army
Military flags
Flags of the United Kingdom
Ross Ernest Kite (1930–2004) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s. He was a premiership winning goal-kicking, winger with the St George Dragons, made state representative appearances and played in Test matches for the Australian national side.
Club career
Kite began his football career playing for Arncliffe Scots in the St. George Juniors as a , but it was his move to that initiated his playing career. He played six seasons for the St George Dragons between 1952–1957. He played in two Grand Finals during this time, losing in 1953 and winning a premiership in season 1956.
Kite moved to Wagga Wagga in 1958 for one season in Group 9 before returning to Sydney football in 1959 for Canterbury-Bankstown where he stayed until he retired at the end of the 1961 NSWRFL season.
Representative career
Kite's representative career began in 1954 when he was selected to play for New South Wales, in which he scored four tries in his debut match. He played for the Blues on eight occasions during his career in 1954, 1955, 1956 and 1958 and scored 14 tries during these appearances. In 1955 Kite made his debut at international level, when he was selected for Australian in all three Test matches against the touring French team. He made two more Test appearances in 1958 when he was selected to play against the touring English team. Ross Kite is listed on the Australian Players Register as Kangaroo No. 316.
Death
Kite died on 30 May 2004, age 73.
References
St. George Dragons players
Australia national rugby league team players
New South Wales rugby league team players
City New South Wales rugby league team players
Country New South Wales rugby league team players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
1931 births
2004 deaths
Rugby league wingers
Vagif Javadov (; born 25 May 1989) is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays as a striker. He was voted Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year in 2009.
Javadov started playing football at age 7 and attended one of the local football schools under Vagif Pashayev. He joined CSKA's youth system at 11, playing for the club's youth and reserve teams as a striker. In 2007, he left CSKA Moscow and joined Qarabağ.
Club career
After settling into the team and under the tutelage of Gurban Gurbanov, Javadov's play improved immensely and he managed to become a favourite of FK Qarabağ fans shortly thereafter. Javadov reaffirmed his importance to the club with an impressive first two seasons with FK Qarabağ, where he made almost 100 appearances and scored many goals in the league winning campaign. And he has also played in Europa League well in the matches against Rosenborg in 2010 and Twente. After matches against Twente, the Dutch team bought the footballer. His full name is Vagif Fuzuli oglu Javadov.
On 26 December 2009, following on from a successful World Cup 2010 qualification and Europa League campaign, he signed a four-and-a-half-year contract with FC Twente for an undisclosed fee. However, he failed to debut within 8 months following a string of injuries.
On 30 August 2010, Twente agreed to loan to FC Baku for a year with the option that Twente's scouts will decide after the loan spell, his return to the club or selling permanently to Baku.
On 29 June 2011, Javadov signed with the Volga. Following 11 goalless appearances for the Russian club, in January 2012 Javadov left the Volga as a free agent due to salary delays. On 17 January 2012, he signed a new contract with his former club FK Qarabağ.
In June 2013, Javadov signed for Inter Baku. After one year with Inter Baku, Javadov moved to TFF First League team Gaziantep B.B., signing a two-year contract, but left Gaziantep B.B. in January 2015, joining fellow TFF First League side Boluspor on a six-month contract with the option of an additional year.
On 31 August 2015, Javadov signed a four-month loan deal with Gabala FK from FK Khazar Lankaran. Javadov left Gabala at the end of his loan deal.
On 17 January 2018, Keşla FK announced the signing of Javadov on a six-month contract. On 22 June 2018, Javadov a new contract with Keşla until the end of the 2018/19 season.
International career
For Azerbaijan, Javadov is capped 51 times, scoring 9 goal. He made his national team debut on 18 May 2006 against Moldova in friendly match. He scored his first goal on 11 March 2007 against Kyrgyzstan in a friendly match.
Personal life
Javadov is the nephew of Isgandar Javadov, a famous Azerbaijani football player of the 80s.
Career statistics
Club
International
Statistics accurate as of match played 16 November 2014
International goals
Honours
Club
Qarabağ
Azerbaijan Cup: 2008–09
Twente
Eredivisie: 2009–10
Johan Cruijff Shield: 2010
Individual
Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year (1): 2009.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Azerbaijani footballers
Azerbaijan international footballers
Azerbaijani expatriate footballers
Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Sportspeople from Baku
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Qarabağ FK players
FC Twente players
FC Baku players
FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod players
Gaziantep F.K. footballers
Boluspor footballers
Khazar Lankaran FK players
Gabala FC players
Sumgayit FK players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Eredivisie players
Russian Premier League players
Association football forwards
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Hugo Botstiber (21 April 1875 in Vienna – 15 January 1941 in Shrewsbury, UK) was an Austrian Jewish musicologist, who studied under Robert Fuchs and Guido Adler. He was the secretary general of the Wiener Konzerthaus. In 1938, he left Nazi Austria.
Literary works
Beethoven im Alltag, 1927;
J. Haydn, 1927 (the 3rd volume for the work of Carl Ferdinand Pohl, based on the notes of him);
He revised the "Musikbuch aus Österreich" between 1904 and 1911;
External links
Botstiber, Hugo at aeiou.iicm.tugraz.at
BOTSTIBER, Hugo at ezines.onb.ac.at:8080
Austrian musicologists
Jewish emigrants from Austria to the United Kingdom after the Anschluss
Writers from Vienna
1875 births
1941 deaths
Michael Otterman is a freelance journalist and documentary filmmaker based in New York City and Sydney. He graduated from Boston University, with a BSc in Journalism, and from the University of Sydney with a MLitt (PACS) where he is a visiting scholar at the Centre for Peace and Conflict Studies (CPACS).
Book
In March 2007, his first book American Torture: From the Cold War to Abu Ghraib and Beyond was published by Melbourne University Publishing (MUP).
He toured, promoting the book from June to October 2007. In October 2007, he gave a talk at New York University.
As Dennis Altman wrote in The Age, "Otterman writes as a patriot - one who expects much of his country and is angry when it fails him." Television appearances in 2007 included The Tavis Smiley Show, BBC World News, and JTV, ABC Australia.
Blog
Michael Otterman also ran a blog, American Torture, which was intended to "provide a venue for discussions about America's use of torture and feature updates about the fate of the over 10,000 'enemy combatants' and 'security detainees' held across the globe in secret CIA prisons and in places like Guantanamo Bay, Cuba and Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan."
He is currently, as of 2010, working on a forthcoming publication Collateral Carnage: The Human Cost of the War in Iraq, coauthored with Dr Richard Hil and Dr Paul Wilson.
NorCor Management
Michael Otterman is a partner at NorCor Manager, a business that runs in his family. This family-run business in Queens manages an expanding portfolio of cooperatives, condos, and rental properties.
Publications
Sensory deprivation just another name for torture
Michael Otterman: Why CIA abuse is medieval madness
Hitchens's tortured explanation
Between Iraq and a Hard Place
American Torture: From the Cold War to Abu Ghraib and Beyond.
Michael Otterman, Richard Hil, Paul Wilson, Dahr Jamail (2010), Erasing Iraq: The Human Costs Of Carnage,
References
External links
American Torture website
American non-fiction writers
Living people
American male journalists
Boston University College of Communication alumni
University of Sydney alumni
University of Sydney faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
George Augustus Jenks (March 26, 1836 – February 10, 1908) was a politician from Pennsylvania, serving in Congress and as Solicitor General of the United States.
Life and career
George Jenks was born in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, on March 26, 1836. He graduated from Jefferson College in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania (now Washington & Jefferson College) in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, in 1858. He was a member of Phi Kappa Psi.
After college, he married Mary A. Mabon, and they had one daughter, Emma Jenks (1862-1926), who married Benjamin F. Shively. Jenks first worked as a lawyer before beginning a career as a judge and politician.
Congress
He served as a Congressman for Pennsylvania from 1875 to 1877, in the 44th Congress. He served as chairman of the United States House Committee on Invalid Pensions during the Forty-fourth Congress. He was also one of the managers appointed by the House of Representatives in 1876 to conduct the impeachment proceedings against William W. Belknap, ex-Secretary of War.
Later career and death
Following his tenure in Congress, Jenks was nominated by the Democrats for judge of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in 1880. He was defeated by Henry Green, of Easton, PA. He was later selected as U.S. Assistant Secretary of Interior; a position which he held from 1885 to 1886.
From 1886 to 1889 Jenks served as United States Solicitor General, during President Grover Cleveland's first term. He was the Democratic nominee for governorship of Pennsylvania in 1898, as well as the Democratic nominee in the 1899 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania, during the Quay deadlock .
Jenks died February 10, 1908, at his home in Brookville, Pennsylvania.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1836 births
1908 deaths
People from Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania lawyers
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
United States Solicitors General
19th-century American politicians
The 1906 Rollins Tars football team represented Rollins College in the sport of American football as an independent during the 1906 college football season.
Schedule
References
Rollins
Rollins Tars football seasons
Rollins Tars football
1967 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 61st water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1967 in water polo
1967 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Pascal Perot (born 8 January 1964) is a French water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Sainte-Adresse
Sportspeople from Seine-Maritime
Rieti Airport (, ) is an aerodrome located northwest of Rieti, a city in the Lazio region in Italy. It is also known as G. Ciuffelli Airport.
The aerodrome is operated by the Ministry of Transport and Navigation and administered by the Italian Civil Aviation Authority (ENAC) of Rome/Ciampino. The air traffic service (ATS) authority is ENAV S.p.A. Prior to 1997 it was a military airport operated by the Italian Air Force.
Facilities
The airport resides in the Rieti Plain, at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has two runways with grass surfaces. The main runway 16R/34L measures and is used by aircraft with engines. The secondary runway 16L/34R measures and is used by glider aircraft. Operation of ultralight aircraft is restricted to three one-hour time periods each day, during which other air traffic is prohibited.
The airport hosts a helicopter base which, until 2016, was operated by the State Forestry Corps; after the dissolution of the agency, the base is operated by Carabinieri.
The airport also hosts some facilities used by students of Rieti's military school for CBRN defense: the shooting range and the "NUBICH" exercise area.
Air currents in the Rieti Plain are particularly favorable for gliding and offer the best conditions to fly, so the airport is well known among gliders all over the world; it hosted the 1982, 1994 and 2015 editions of the European Gliding Championships.
See also
List of airports in Italy
References
External links
Aero Club Rieti
A Brief History of Rieti Airport (archived by Wayback Machine, translated by Google)
Aircraft photos from Rieti - G. Ciuffelli (LIQN)
Airports in Italy
Transport in Lazio
Rieti
Frenchkiss Records is an independent record label based in New York City. The label was started in 1999 by Syd Butler, bassist and founder of Les Savy Fav. The label's first purpose was to release Les Savy Fav's second album The Cat and The Cobra, but has since been the label responsible for discovering a varying array of artists such as The Hold Steady, The Antlers, The Dodos, Local Natives and Passion Pit. The label has recently added a music publishing side as well, Frenchkiss Publishing.
The company was acquired by The Orchard in September 2014.
Frenchkiss Label Group
In early 2012 Frenchkiss Records launched the distribution company Frenchkiss Label Group, which is "focused on growing visibility for indie labels in the spirit of communities such as Dischord, Rough Trade and Touch & Go." In May of that year Cavity Search Records was announced as one of the first nine labels to join the Frenchkiss distribution group, along with JAXART and Pendu Sound. At that point, Frenchkiss had ceased its affiliation with RED, and had begun working with The Orchard.
Artists
1,2,3
The Antlers
The Apes
The Big Sleep
Bloc Party
The Bloodthirsty Lovers
The Bright Light Social Hour
Call Me Lightning
Crocodiles
Cut Off Your Hands
Detachment Kit
Devin
Diet Cig
The Dodos
Dream Shake
Drowners
The Drums
Eleanor Friedberger
Emma Louise
Ex Models
Freelance Whales
Future Generations
The Hold Steady
ISLAND
Les Savy Fav
Lifter Puller
Local Natives
The Plastic Constellations
Passion Pit
RACES
Rahim
S PRCSS
Sean Bones
Strange Names
Sean Na Na
Smoke and Smoke
Suckers
Tangiers
Thunderbirds are Now!
Tweens
Turing Machine
Young Man
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
American independent record labels
Alternative rock record labels
Sony Music
Unipouheos 121 is an Indian reserve of the Frog Lake First Nation in Alberta, located within the Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87 and the County of St. Paul No. 19. It is 32 kilometres southeast of Bonnyville. In the 2016 Canadian Census, it recorded a population of 909 living in 205 of its 232 total private dwellings.
References
Indian reserves in Alberta
El Conde: Amor y honor (English: The Count: Love and Honor) is an upcoming American television series that will premiere on Telemundo in 2023. It is an adaption of the 1844 novel The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas, and is produced by Sony Pictures Television for Telemundo. It will star Fernando Colunga and Ana Brenda Contreras.
Cast
Fernando Colunga as Alejandro Gaitán / Count Joaquín de Montenegro
Ana Brenda Contreras as Mariana Zambrano
Marjorie de Sousa as Cayetana Carrá
Sergio Sendel as Gerardo Villarreal
Chantal Andere as Josefina de Zambrano
Víctor González as Ricardo Sánchez
Helena Rojo as Guadalupe de Gaitán
Omar Fierro as Benjamín Zambrano
Javier Díaz Dueñas as Leopoldo Villarreal
Manuel Navarro as Amador Guzmán
Alejandro Ávila as Guillermo "Memo" Garza
Sergio Reynoso as Alfredo Gallardo
Erika de la Rosa as Paulina de Zambrano
Roberto Romano as Felipe Zambrano
Uriel del Toro as Antonio Rodríguez
Saraí Meza as Sofía Zambrano
Mario Loria
Leticia Perdigón
Enoc Leaño
Jason Romo
Patricia Martínez
Antonio Fortier
Jessica Coch
Xabiani Ponce de León
Job Huerta
Annie Cabello
Lu Rosette
Production
Development
On 15 February 2022, the series was announced at Telemundo's virtual screening event. In May 2022, the series was presented during Telemundo's upfront for the 2022–2023 television season. Filming of the series began in June 2022.
Casting
On 15 February 2022, Fernando Colunga was announced as the lead role. On 26 May 2022, Ana Brenda Contreras was announced in a main role. On 28 May 2022, Marjorie de Sousa, Omar Fierro, Chantal Andere and Sergio Sendel were announced in main roles. On 13 June 2022, an extensive cast list was published in a press release.
References
External links
Upcoming television series
Television shows based on The Count of Monte Cristo
The Zambian Closed Chess Championship is the national chess championship of Zambia, organized by the Chess Federation of Zambia. Zambia's only grandmaster Amon Simutowe won the championship in 1996 at the age of 14.
Winners since 1996
References
Chess national championships
Chess in Zambia
Sports competitions in Zambia
Botafogo/Coca-Cola Station () is a subway station on the Rio de Janeiro Metro that services the neighbourhood of Botafogo in the South Zone of Rio de Janeiro.
On 1 January 2021, the station, previously called Botafogo Station (), was renamed "Botafogo/Coca-Cola Station".
The change was made after a naming rights purchase by the Brazilian branch of The Coca-Cola Company. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Metrô Rio had been operating at a loss – in July 2020, the passenger flow was just 57% of what it had been in the same period pre-pandemic, and the accumulated deficit was already at R$ 150 million. The station's naming rights sale was used as an alternate mean to generate revenue, but Metrô Rio has stated that it is still considering a fare price increase.
The Botafogo station was chosen for the purchase due to its proximity to Coca-Cola's headquarters, on Botafogo Beach ().
References
Metrô Rio stations
Railway stations opened in 1981
Correctional Services of the Solomon Islands (CSSI) is the correctional agency of the government of the Solomon Islands. It was previously known as the Solomon Islands Prison Service (SIPS).
Facilities
Construction on the Gizo Correctional Centre in Gizo, Western Province began in December 2010.
The service also operates the Auki Correctional Centre in Auki, Malaita Province. The prison, newly constructed as of 2009, can house up to 60 prisoners. It has dedicated space for women and juvenile prisoners.
References
External links
Corrections." Regional Assistance Mission to the Solomon Islands.
Prison and correctional agencies
Penal system in the Solomon Islands
Marambiornopsis is an extinct genus of Eocene penguin known from the Submeseta Formation in Antarctica. It contains one species, M. sobrali.
Discovery
The fossils were found during two joined Argentine and Swedish expeditions between February 2011 to February 2012 to the Submeseta Formation, which were later stored in the fossil collections by the staff of the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm.
Etymology
The genus Marambiornopsis is named after another already-existing genus Marambiornis, combined with the Greek word ópsis, which in this case was used for "appearance". The specific names was in honor of Argentine geologist and Navy Sub-Lieutenant José María Sobral, who also found the first antarctic penguin fossils.
References
Extinct penguins
Penguins
Priabonian
Priabonian genera
Extinct animals of Antarctica
Prehistoric animals of Antarctica
Prehistoric birds of Antarctica
Fossil taxa described in 2021
The men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 21, 22 and 23 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 August
Semifinals
22 August
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Heats
21 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 48 athletes from 36 countries participated in the event.
References
400 metres hurdles
400 metres hurdles at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Erigeron uncialis is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name lone fleabane. It is native to the western United States, in the states of Nevada and California.
Erigeron uncialis grows on cliff faces, usually limestone, often alongside various conifer trees. It is a clump-forming perennial herb rarely more than 7 centimeters (2.8 inches) tall, producing a taproot and a woody underground caudex. The inflorescence is made up of only one flower heads per stem. Each head contains 22–30 white or pink ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
Varieties
Erigeron uncialis var. conjugans S.F.Blake - Nevada
Erigeron uncialis var. uncialis - California
References
uncialis
Flora of Nevada
Flora of California
Plants described in 1934
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Ljubinko Đurković () is a Serbian politician and retired colonel. He is best known for having led forces of the Yugoslav Army in the Battle of Košare during the 1999 Kosovo War. More recently, he has been a candidate for the National Assembly of Serbia on three occasions.
Military career
Đurković graduated from the Military Academy and General Staff School in Belgrade. He was assigned to what was then the Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo in 1985, with his home garrison situated in Peć. During the Croatian War of the 1990s, he fought with the forces of the Republika Srpska Krajina in Pakrac.
In the battle of Košare, the Yugoslavian Army fought against insurgents from the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), who were aided by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Albanian Army. In two months of intense fighting, the Yugoslavian forces prevented the KLA from securing a corridor from Albania into Kosovo. Đurković served at this time as commander of the Second Battalion of the 125th Motorized Brigade. In a 2018 interview, he described the KLA attack as part of a larger campaign of NATO aggression and praised his soldiers for what he described as their bravery in defending their homeland and its cultural heritage under extremely difficult conditions. He also described the battle as having been a "forbidden topic" in the years immediately after the war and expressed gratitude that its military importance was belatedly recognized. In another interview, he praised non-Serb officers in the Yugoslav Army for their service at Košare, giving particular citation to Captain Krunoslav Ivanković, an ethnic Croat who died in the battle.
He retired from the Serbian Armed Forces (a successor body to the Yugoslavian army) in 2011 with the rank of colonel. He now lives in the village of Pocesje in Raška.
Politician
Đurković has served as vice-president of a small political organization called the Movement for Serbia (Pokret za Srbiju).
He appeared on the combined electoral list of the Democratic Party of Serbia (Demokratska stranka Srbije, DSS) and Dveri in the 2016 Serbian parliamentary election as a non-party candidate. During this campaign, he said that he would seek the annulment of all agreements with NATO that harm Serbia's interests and that he would fight for the interests of veterans and those invalided by war. The DSS–Dveri alliance was on the right wing of the political spectrum; this notwithstanding, DSS leader Sanda Rašković Ivić described Đurković as a "committed leftist" who had chosen to align himself with their campaign. He appeared in the twenty-fifth position on their list; the list won thirteen mandates, and he was not elected.
In 2018, Đurković attended a conference entitled "Spiritual and Moral Security of Man in the Modern World" (Духовно-морална безбедност човека у савременом свету) in Luhansk, in the secessionist Luhansk People's Republic in Ukraine. He argued that the spiritual values of the Donbass people would lead them to victory over what he described as the materialist values of the west. He also criticized not only NATO but also the peacekeeping forces of the United Nations for their actions in the Yugoslav Wars of the 1990s.
Đurković received the first position on the For the Kingdom of Serbia electoral list led by the Movement for the Restoration of the Kingdom of Serbia (Pokret obnove Kraljevine Srbije, POKS) in the 2020 Serbian parliamentary election. Once again, he contested the election as a non-party figure. In accepting the nomination, he said that he would fight for Serbia to provide support for soldiers who fought "in the defence of Kosovo and Metohija" and for those whom he described as "patriots" who fought in the Yugoslav Wars. He was later part of a For the Kingdom Serbia delegation that laid a wreath at the monument of Draža Mihailović at Ravna Gora; in so doing, he argued for Mihailović's credentials as an anti-fascist leader. The POKS list narrowly missed the threshold to win representation in the assembly.
In December 2021, the POKS became divided into rival groups led by party founder Žika Gojković and former Belgrade mayor Vojislav Mihailović. Đurković joined Mihailović's group, which contested the 2022 Serbian parliamentary election as part of the National Democratic Alternative (Nacionalno demokratska alternativa, NADA) alliance. Due to an ongoing dispute over the party name, Mihailović's group could not be identified as the POKS; it instead used the name "For the Kingdom of Serbia (Monarchists)." Đurković received the seventeenth position on the alliance's list and narrowly missed election when the list won fifteen mandates. Soon after the vote, Mihailović was recognized as the legitimate leader of the POKS.
Đurković is now the next candidate slated to enter the national assembly if any of the seven candidates elected as "Monarchists" leave the assembly in its current term.
References
1962 births
Living people
People from Raška, Serbia
Serbian monarchists
Serbian military personnel of the Kosovo War
Serbia and Montenegro military personnel
Filon Dzhelaliy or Dzhulaibek was a Cossack colonel of Crimean Tatar descent who served during the Khmelnytsky Uprising of 1648-1657 and one of the close associates of Bohdan Khmelnitsky. He originally served in the Pereyaslav Cossack regiment. In April 1648, he with Cherkassy regiment centurion B. Tovpigoy led a revolt of the registered Cossacks at Kam'jana Zavod'.
In 1648 he was appointed the colonel of the Kropivnyansky (Ichniansky) regiment. He participated in the Battle of Zhovti Vody in 1648, battle of Korsun, Pilyavetskoy Battle in 1648, Battle of Zboriv in 1649. He has served on important diplomatic missions to Turkey.
In October–November 1648, the Ukrainian diplomatic mission headed by Dzhulaybek signed with the Ottoman Empire a contract under which Ukraine was recognized by the state, and Crimean Tatars were forbidden to attack the Ukrainian lands.
In September 1650, Dzhulaybek headed the Ukrainian Embassy to Moldova owner Vladimir Lupula. During the battle Berestetskiœ 1651, he was elected hetman of the Cossacks clerks. He was appointed captain-general of the Hetman.
After 1654 there was a long time with his family in Selishche Sagunovka (Ukraine, Cherkasy region). After 1684 his fate is unknown.
References
История Ивана Франко
Научные Записки № 39
«Козацька еліта», НАН України, інститут політичних і етнонаціональних досліджень ім. І.Ф. Кураса, УДК 94(477)929
Суспільно-політична сітуація в Україні у другій половині XVII—XVIIIст.
Khmelnytsky Uprising
Cnemidocarpa finmarkiensis is a species of solitary ascidian tunicate in the family Styelidae. Common names include broad base sea squirt, orange sea squirt, red sea squirt, shiny orange sea squirt, shiny red tunicate and Finmark's tunicate. It is native to shallow waters in the northern and northeastern Pacific Ocean.
Description
This is a solitary tunicate, which has no stalk, but adheres to the substrate with a broad base and often appears hemispherical. The two siphons are far apart and conspicuous when expanded, but much smaller when contracted, resembling small crosses. The length of this tunicate is seldom larger than , but can exceptionally reach , with a width of . The tunic is thin, but strong, being smooth and shiny. It is often pearly or opaque in appearance, bright red or pinkish-red, but small individuals are often white. The tunic has a 12.4% organic content, more than half of which is cellulose (tunicin), the rest being protein.
Distribution
This tunicate is a coldwater species and occurs in the northern and northeastern Pacific Ocean. It is circum-boreal in the Arctic and its range in the Pacific Northwest extends from Alaska to Point Conception in California. Its depth range extends from the low subtidal to at least , but it occurs down to about in Japan.
Ecology
Like other tunicates, Cnemidocarpa finmarkiensis is a suspension feeder; water is drawn into the body through the buccal siphon by the action of cilia lining the gill slits, the food particles are extracted and the water is expelled through the atrial siphon. It is a hermaphrodite, with breeding taking place in summer, fertilisation being external. A symbiotic copepod often lives inside the atrium and various invertebrates shelter around the tunicate's base. A predator of this tunicate is the rainbow star (Orthasterias koehleri).
References
Stolidobranchia
Fauna of the Arctic Ocean
Fauna of the Pacific Ocean
Animals described in 1893
August Adolph Gennerich (February 10, 1887 – December 1, 1936) was a New York City police officer, U.S. Secret Service Agent, and the bodyguard of Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Early life
Gennerich was born on February 10, 1887, in Yorkville, Manhattan, New York.
Career
In 1909, Gennerich became a police officer with the New York City Police. He was cited three times for bravery, once for capturing bandits who "had peppered him for a mile and a half" with a machine gun until their car overturned. He later became a member of the bomb squad. In 1929 he was assigned as a bodyguard whenever New York's governor was in the city. He was assigned to Albany with then-Governor Roosevelt.
In the winter of 1933, when the Roosevelts moved to Washington, D.C., Gennerich was given a 60-day leave of absence so that he could complete his 25 years on the force, and retire on a $1,500-a-year pension. This allowed him to join the United States Secret Service and continue to work as President Roosevelt's bodyguard. The very first executive order issued by the newly-appointed President Roosevelt was Order 6071, which ensured Gennerich would be able to resume his position as Roosevelt's bodyguard immediately. Gennerich had grown close to Roosevelt and his family; Eleanor Roosevelt said in an edition of her newspaper column My Day that "He was cheerful, kindly and always willing to think of other people. He would play the piano for hours to amuse the children at Warm Springs. One and all they loved him."
Personal life
Gennerich died of a heart attack in the early hours of December 1, 1936, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, while dancing in a restaurant. Gennerich was 50. Following his death, his body was returned to Washington DC on the and was laid in state at the White House on December 16; he was subsequently buried in New York City. In a letter to his wife shortly after Gennerich's death, Franklin Roosevelt wrote "Good old Gus was the kind of loyal friend who simply cannot be replaced".
References
External links
Behind the scenes at the White House - a short 1930s interview with Gennerich
1887 births
1936 deaths
United States Secret Service agents
New York City Police Department officers
People from Yorkville, Manhattan
The Paracelsus Medical University () is a private university located in Salzburg municipality, Austria and Nuremberg, Germany.
Organization and financing
University management:
Rector Wolfgang Sperl
Vice Rector Wolfgang Söllner
Chancellor Michael Nake
The university's legal entity is the Paracelsus Medical University Salzburg - private foundation. The tripartite committee reports to the Board of Trustees.
Foundation board:
Wolfgang Sperl (Chairperson)
Michael Nake
Volker Viechtbauer
The financing of the Paracelsus Medical University is carried out for the most part through private funds. Furthermore, it includes public funding provided by local and regional government bodies (province and city of Salzburg, Salzburg Regional Authorities Association), tuition fees and cross financing from research contracts and through net income (e.g. further education courses, etc.). Being a private university, the Paracelsus Medical University is not entitled to funding from the federal government.
Partnerships
Constructive and beneficial partnerships in medical and scientific fields have been established with the Mayo Clinic School of Medicine (USA), Yale University (USA), University of Milan (Italy), Cambridge University (UK), University of North Florida (USA), Johns Hopkins University , Dhulikhel Hospital in Nepal as well as national universities.
A further intensive and long-standing partnership connects the Paracelsus Medical University, the University Hospital Salzburg (Landeskrankenhaus Salzburg) and the Christian Doppler Clinic. As the university was established, the clinics' formerly autonomous departments were integrated to become university clinic departments. The transformation to university hospitals followed in 2007.
The university's second location in Nuremberg with the study of human medicine is based on the cooperation with Klinikum Nuremberg (Klinikum Nürnberg).
In addition, the Paracelsus Medical University is able to make use of a broad-based network of academic teaching hospitals and teaching practices, particularly within the regions of Salzburg and Bavaria.
Studies and further education
Degree Courses:
Study of Human Medicine (Dr. med. univ.)
Study of Pharmacy (Bachelor & Master)
Nursing Science Online (Bachelor of Science in Nursing)
Master's Degree Program in Nursing Science (Master of Science in Nursing)
Public Health (Master of Science in Public Health)
Advanced Nursing Practice ("Advanced Nurse Practitioner in acute care" / "Advanced Nurse Practitioner in chronic care")
Medical Science Doctorate Study Program (Ph.D.)
Nursing and Allied Health Sciences (Ph.D.)
In addition the Paracelsus University offers a variety of postgraduate programs and degree courses.
Scientific research institutes & research centers
General Practice, Family Medicine and Preventive Medicine
Anatomy and Cell Biology
Nursing Science and Practice
Pharmacology und Toxicology
Pharmacy
Physiology und Pathophysiology
Hereditary Metabolic Diseases
Biomechanics
Early Life Care
Ecomedicine
Experimental Neuroregeneration
Experimental and Clinical Cell Therapy
Gastein Research Institute
Molecular Regenerative Medicine
Molecular Sports and Rehabilitation Medicine
Neurointervention
Tendon and Bone Regeneration
Synergetic and Psychotherapy Research
Advanced Radiation Technologies - radART
Rehabilitation, Transition and Palliation of Neurologically Ill Children
Spine Research
Centers:
Clinical Research Centre Salzburg (CRCS)
Spinal Cord Injury and Tissue Regeneration Center Salzburg (SCI-TReCS)
Public Health and Healthcare Research
The main research focuses at the Paracelsus Medical University belong to the area of regenerative medicine:
Neurosciences
Oncological, immunological and allergic diseases
Musculoskeletal diseases, biomechanics and sports medicine
Metabolic diseases
Research Programs:
Experimental ophthalmology and glaucoma research
Molecular therapy of genetic dermatoses
Nano vesicular therapies
Proteomics
Psychotherapy evaluation in a complex therapy setting
See also
List of medical schools
External links
Paracelsus Medical University
Salzburger Landeskliniken
Medical schools in Austria
Universities and colleges in Austria
Private universities and colleges in Austria
German submarine U-883 was a Type IXD/42 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine in World War II.
Designed in 1942, U-883 was the only commissioned Type IXD/42 submarine, similar to the Type IXD submarine, but with increased engine power (increased from 4400 to 5400 ehp).
Commissioned on 27 March 1945, only weeks before the German capitulation, U-883 was surrendered at Cuxhaven on 5 May 1945. She was sunk on 31 December 1945 as part of Operation Deadlight.
Design
German Type IXD42 submarines were considerably larger than the original Type IXs. U-883 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. The U-boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 9 V 40/46 supercharged four-stroke, nine-cylinder diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Siemens-Schuckert 2 GU 345/34 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . U-883 was fitted with six torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and two at the stern), 24 torpedoes, one SK C/32 naval gun, 150 rounds, and a Flak M42 with 2575 rounds as well as two twin C/30 anti-aircraft guns with 8100 rounds. The boat had a complement of fifty-five.
References
Bibliography
External links
German Type IX submarines
World War II submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1945
U-boats sunk in 1945
Operation Deadlight
1944 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Maritime incidents in December 1945
N'Tentou or Ténétou is a town and seat of the commune of Kouroulamini in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Dr. Alice Lovina Kibbe (27 June 1881 – 21 January 1969) was an American botanist, and Professor and Chair of Biology at Carthage College in Carthage, Illinois from 1920 to 1956. She was noted in the region as a natural historian, philanthropist and traveler, and for her role as an early female academic leader.
Life
She graduated from State Normal School, and from the University of Washington in 1910 with A.B. and in 1914 with M.A., and Cornell University in 1920 with M.S. and in 1926 with Ph.D. thesis "A Plant Survey of Hancock Co., Illinois".
When Carthage College relocated in 1964, Dr. Kibbe returned to her native state of Washington, dedicating much of her local property to public use.
Her donation of a wooded tract on the Mississippi River near Warsaw, Illinois formed the core of the Alice L. Kibbe Life Science Research Station, operated by Western Illinois University.
Dr. Kibbe's extensive personal natural history collections are housed in the Kibbe Hancock Heritage Museum in Carthage.
References
External links
"Welcome to the Alice L. Kibbe Life Science Station" at Western Illinois University
Visitors Guide to Kibbe Hancock Heritage Museum
American women biologists
American botanists
Carthage College faculty
1881 births
1969 deaths
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American scientists
People from McCook County, South Dakota
20th-century American philanthropists
American women academics
The women's 200 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23 and 24 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 August
Wind: -2.2 m/s
Semifinals
24 August
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Quarterfinals
23 August
Quarterfinal 1
Wind: -0.7 m/s
Quarterfinal 2
Wind: -0.3 m/s
Quarterfinal 3
Wind: -1.2 m/s
Quarterfinal 4
Wind: -3.1 m/s
Heats
23 August
Heat 1
Wind: 0.0 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: -0.3 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: -0.1 m/s
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Wind: -1.1 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 43 athletes from 32 countries participated in the event.
References
200 metres
200 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Burnaby Heights, often referred to as The Heights, is a residential neighbourhood in North Burnaby between Boundary Road to the west, Gamma Avenue to the east and bounded by Hastings Street to the south. Its northern edge facing the North Shore Mountains comes down rather steeply to the shores of Burrard Inlet.
Many community events, such as Hats Off Day, Halloween on the Heights and Light up the Heights are held annually.
Heritage homes
Burnaby Heights has a significant number of heritage houses.
Christmas on the Heights
It has become an annual tradition to light up the local stretch of Hastings Street during the Christmas season, which certainly makes it more attractive for the shoppers and commuters in this dark time of year. The lights are installed and maintained by the City of Burnaby and light up the heights from November to March each year.
Traffic Issues
In February 2009, in response to the petitions of various Burnaby heights residents, Burnaby City Council initiated a process to review the traffic issues in the Burnaby Heights neighbourhood.
References
Neighbourhoods in Burnaby
Yeşilkaraman is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
OpenSPARC is an open-source hardware project started in December 2005. The initial contribution to the project was Sun Microsystems' register-transfer level (RTL) Verilog code for a full 64-bit, 32-thread microprocessor, the UltraSPARC T1 processor. On March 21, 2006, Sun released the source code to the T1 IP core under the GNU General Public License v2. The full OpenSPARC T1 system consists of 8 cores, each one capable of executing four threads concurrently, for a total of 32 threads. Each core executes instruction in order and its logic is split among 6 pipeline stages.
On December 11, 2007, Sun also made the UltraSPARC T2 processor's RTL available via the OpenSPARC project. It was also released under the GNU General public license v2. OpenSPARC T2 is 8 cores, 16 pipelines with 64 threads.
See also
LEON
S1 Core (a derived single-core implementation)
FeiTeng an implementation designed and produced in China for supercomputing applications
SPARC (Scalable Processor ARChitecture)
Field-programmable gate array
RISC-V
References
External links
OpenSPARC site
T1 Specifications and Source code
T2 Specifications and Source code
Open Source Semiconductor Core Licensing, 25 Harvard Journal of Law & Technology 131 (2011) Article analyzing the law, technology and business of open source semiconductor cores
Sun microprocessors
Open microprocessors
SPARC microprocessors
Trust Obey was an American band based in Kansas City, Missouri and founded by John Bergin and Brett Smith, who comprised the creative nucleus of the group. They released six studio albums: Rip Saw (1989), The Veil (1990), Locust (1990), Exit Wound (1991), Fear and Bullets (1994) and Hands of Ash (1996).
History
Trust Obey was formed by vocalist and programmer John Bergin and guitarist Brett Smith. He had originally composer under the moniker Orifice, which he founded in 1985. The band debuted with the studio album Rip Saw in 1989. Two albums followed in 1990, were self-released and titled The Veil and Locust. The band's fourth album Exit Wound was released in 1991. After three years Bergin returned with a collaboration with graphic novelist James O'Barr, a soundtrack to O'Barr's graphic novel The Crow titled Fear and Bullets, released by Graphitti Designs. In 1996 the band released their sixth studio album titled Hands of Ash for Fifth Colvmn Records. The album was commended by critics for its gothic undertones and high production quality.
Discography
Studio albums
Rip Saw (1989)
The Veil (1990)
Locust (1990)
Exit Wound (1991)
Hands of Ash (1996, Fifth Colvmn)
Audio Asphyxiation: The John Bergin Special (1996, Grinder Books and Recordings)
Soundtrack albums
Fear and Bullets (1994, Graphitti Designs)
Fear and Bullets (1991 Demo) (2018)
Extended plays
Fear and Bullets: Seven Blackbirds (2018)
Fear and Bullets: The Tides of Sin (2018)
Compilation albums
Sanctity Now (1991 Demo) (2018)
Compilation appearances
Le Bruit Pour La Raison Qui S'y Trouve (1991, Ensemble Vide)
Sever Motor Discordia (1992, Technical Chaos)
Terra X: Vol. 1 Love and Hate (1993, Terra X)
Kansas City Misery (1995, Red Decibel)
Fascist Communist Revolutionaries (1996, Fifth Colvmn)
World War Underground (1997, Fifth Colvmn)
Wish You Were Queer: A Tribute to Ministry (1999, Invisible)
Nod's Tacklebox O' Fun (1999, Re-Constriction)
An Industrial Tribute To: Ministry (2003, Tributized)
Tributaeminesteriumni - Two CD Tribute Set (2004, Underground, Inc.)
References
External links
1989 establishments in the United States
1989 establishments in Missouri
Musical groups established in 1989
Musical groups from Kansas City, Missouri
American dark wave musical groups
American experimental musical groups
American industrial music groups
Fifth Colvmn Records artists
Henry Buckley Jr. aka Sadiki previously known as Pancho Kryztal (born 17 November 1971, Kingston, Jamaica), is a Jamaican-American singer, songwriter and producer.
Early life
He was born Henry Buckley Jr., in Rollington Town, Kingston, Jamaica. With a father, Henry Buckley, who was a singer-songwriter and the Music Director/Conductor for the Jamaica Constabulary Force Band, Sadiki was given no choice as to the career path that would later choose him. He migrated to the United States in the late '80s and settled on Chicago's northside. As part of Chicago's sizeable Jamaican community he was exposed to the newest Reggae sounds coming out of Jamaica as well as the cutting edge of Hip-Hop, R&B and everything in between. Through these influences Sadiki has developed the vocal range and lyrical skills that brings together the best of both worlds. In the late '90s he landed a deal with the D'arcy Wretzky (Smashing Pumpkins) and Adam Schlesinger (Fountains of Wayne/Ivy) owned label Scratchie Records, (distributed by Mercury Records). In 1997 his self-titled debut was released on Scratchie/Mercury under the name Pancho Kryztal, to good reviews but disappointing sales as Mercury Records went through a change in its corporate structure.
Music career
Unfazed by the lack of commercial success on his first major release, he returned to Jamaica in 1998 and recorded "Rescue Me" on the Bookshelf riddim with dancehall producer Tony "CD" Kelly (Sean Paul, Lady Saw, Mr. Vegas, Super Cat). In 1999, at the suggestion of reggae producer "Computer" Paul Henton (Shabba Ranks, Beres Hammond, Shaggy, Jimmy Cliff), he was changed his name to Sadiki – an Egyptian name meaning "faithful or loyal" (misspelled Sadeki on some earlier releases). During this trip, he recorded the catchy dancehall song "Love How Yuh Tan" on the Whoo riddim (K-Licious Records). Sadiki again returned to Jamaica in 2001 where he scored a major dancehall hit with "Gal Dem Everytime" on the Buyout riddim for reggae producer Tony "CD" Kelly. He also recorded "Tribute" on the Smile riddim and "Sure" on the No Vacancy riddim for Henton's Boot Camp Records. During that year, Sadiki met reggae singer-songwriter Beres Hammond. He was asked to add his vocals to a track at Hammond's Silekshan Studio. Within a few months of working alongside Hammond, Sadiki was selected as one of the opening acts for the elder musicians' Music is Life World Tour 2002. On tour with Hammond for almost two years, Sadiki performed throughout the US, Japan and the Caribbean. Taking the lessons he had learned on the road with Hammond, he returned to Jamaica where he started work on his debut album.
As well as being his singing and songwriting debut (under the name Sadiki), the album Morning's Come was also Sadiki's producing and engineering debut, as he produced or co-produced each and every track. Morning's Come also featured production from top reggae veteran producer Lloyd Campbell of Joe Fraser Records (Glen Washington, Freddie McGregor, Marcia Griffiths, Tarrus Riley), England's top reggae producer Chris Peckings (Bitty McLean, Gappy Ranks), Delly Ranx (Sean Paul, Mavado) and Arif Cooper (Guardian Angel riddim). In March 2007, Sadiki did a four-city tour of Japan. After this successful tour, he was offered a licensing deal in Japan. "Morning's Come" was released in Japan in November 2007 (Skinny Bwoy/P-Vine Records). Within weeks of its Japan release the album hit the No. 1 spot for reggae releases at HMV record stores throughout Japan, and charted within the top 5 for sales in Tower Records stores. The US version of Morning's Come, featuring new and unreleased tracks, was released worldwide in the Fall of 2008.
In the summer of 2009, Sadiki started work on two albums. The first album – Lifeline is a collaborative effort teaming Sadiki with veteran producer Lloyd Campbell and Jason Sterling of Joe Fraser Records. For 2010, the first single – "African Queen", was released on vinyl in limited quantities. Lifeline was released in the Fall of 2010. In 2011 the album Fi Di Dancehall (a collaborative effort with DJ Delly Ranks) was released. In 2012 Sadiki became a member of the Legendary Rock Steady group The Tennors and also released two albums – Sadiki Meets Sandra Cross (UK Version) and his third solo album Jah Is The Only King. In 2016 Sadiki released his fourth studio album Covered in Love. His fifth album Blue Mountain Acoustic will be released on 1 June 2018.
Through his travels Sadiki has shared the stage with Buju Banton, Gyptian, Shaggy, Wayne Wonder, Maxi Priest, Marcia Griffiths, K-Ci & JoJo, Beenie Man, Gerald Levert, Kelly Price among others.
Discography
Albums
1997: Pancho Kryztal (Scratchie/Mercury Records)
2007: Morning's Come Japan Release (Skinny Bwoy/P-Vine Records-JPN)
2008: True Singers: Sadiki Meets Sandra Cross (Skinny Bwoy/P-Vine Records-JPN)
2008: Morning's Come US Release (Skinny Bwoy Records)
2010: Lifeline (Skinny Bwoy/Joe Fraser Records) ***#1 Weekly Star Top 10 Chart*** No. 2 South Florida Reggae Album Charts / No. 2 New York Reggae Album Charts
2011: Fi Di Dancehall (Collaborative album with DJ Delly Ranx) (Pure Music/Skinny Bwoy Records)
2012: True Singers: Sadiki Meets Sandra Cross (UK) (Skinny Bwoy Jamaica)
2012: Jah Is The Only King (Skinny Bwoy Jamaica)
2016: Covered in Love (Skinny Bwoy Records)
Compilations
1996: Jamdown Vibrations – "Black Girl" (Scratchie Records)
1997: Culture Vibes – "I Hear You Calling" (Scratchie Records)
1998: Riddim Driven: Bookshelf Riddim – "Rescue Me" (VP Records)
1999: Whoo Riddim – "Love How Yuh Tan" (K-Licious Records/VP Records)
2001: Riddim Driven: Buyout Riddim – "Gal Dem Everytime" (VP Records)
2006: Loving Pauper Meets Hypocrites – "Innocent or Guilty" (Joe Fraser Records)
2006: Riddim Driven: Red Bull & Guinness The Mixture – "No Boring Ride" (VP Records)
2008: Love Tune 4 – "One Touch" (Avex Records-JPN)
2010: Expressions of Love – "Makeup Sex" (Joe Fraser/VP Records)
Singles
1998: "Lethal Weapon w/Mad Cobra" (Shocking Vibes)
2001: "Opportunity" (Harmony House Records)
2001: "Tribute" (Boot Camp Records)
2005: "Pretty Girl" (Skinny Bwoy Records) Peaked at No. 16 – NY Top 20 singles Reggae Chart
2006: "No Boring Ride" (Pure Music)
2007: "Slipping Away" (Peckings Records)
2007: "Wouldn't Stay Away" (Peckings Records)
2007: "Perfect Love" (Joe Fraser Records) Peaked at No. 11 – NY Top 20 Reggae Chart / No. 14 Florida Top 30 Reggae singles Chart
2007: "Lost Without You" (Joe Fraser Records) Peaked at No. 2 – South Florida Reggae singles Chart / No. 4 NY Top 20 Reggae singles Chart
2007: "Mary's Story"/Girlfriend feat. Delly Ranks (Skinny Bwoy/P-Vine Records) – Japan Release
2008: "Staadap Staadie"/"Incomplete (Sadiki Remix)" (Skinny Bwoy/P-Vine Records) – Japan Release
2010: "African Queen" (Joe Fraser/VP Records) ***#1 BBC World Reggae Beat Top 10*** / No. 8 Choice FM (UK) Reggae Chart
2012: "Jah is the Only King" (Skinny Bwoy/Peckings) ***#1 BBC World Reggae Beat Top 10***
2016: "With You I'm Born Again feat. Twiggi" (Skinny Bwoy Records) ***#1 South Florida Reggae Singles chart*** / No. 2 NY Top 30 Reggae Singles Chart
2018: "I Want to Wake Up With You (Acoustic)" (Skinny Bwoy Records)
Collaborations
1998: The Ride of Your Life w/Lady Saw 99 Ways (VP Records)
1998: Lethal Weapon w/Mad Cobra – Cloak & Dagger Riddim (Shocking Vibes)
2007: Beautiful Girls Remix w/Sean Kingston (Promotional Use Only)
2008: Be Without You w/Mary J. Blige (Promotional Use Only)
2010: Rude Boy Reggae Remix w/Rihanna (Promotional Use Only)
Production credits
2007: Morning's Come – Producer/Co-producer all tracks Japan Release (Skinny Bwoy/P-Vine Records-JPN)
2008: True Singers: Sadiki Meets Sandra Cross – Producer all tracks (Skinny Bwoy/P-Vine Records-JPN)
2008: Morning's Come – Producer/Co-producer all tracks US Release (Skinny Bwoy Records)
2010: Lifeline – Co-producer all tracks (Skinny Bwoy/Joe Fraser Records)
2011: Fi Di Dancehall (Collaborative album with DJ Delly Ranx) – Producer/co-producer – individual tracks (Pure Music/Skinny Bwoy Records)
2011: The Living Legends Collection – Eric Monty Morris – Producer all tracks (Buckley Records)
2011: Hero Riddim – Various Artists – Producer all tracks (Skinny Bwoy Jamaica)
2011: Menace Riddim – Various Artists – Producer all tracks (Skinny Bwoy Jamaica)
2012: Jah Is The Only King – Co-Producer all tracks (Skinny Bwoy Jamaica)
2015: Smooth Jazz Meets Reggae – Helen Rogers – Producer/Co-producer all tracks (Skinny Bwoy Records)
2016: Covered in Love – Producer all tracks (Skinny Bwoy Records)
2016: Iyahcoustic – Ronnie Davis – Producer all tracks (Skinny Bwoy Records)
Mixtapes
2007: Unity Sound – Sadiki: The Sound Killachi Round 1
2010: Rebel Liberation Sound Kenya: Rude boy Finest Hosted by Sadiki
2010: Unity Sound Japan: Love Mood hosted by Sadiki
2011: Rebel Liberation Sound Kenya: Sadiki Volume 2
Awards and nominations
IRAWMA (International Reggae and World Music Awards)
2007, Most Promising Entertainer (nominated)
2011, Most Promising Entertainer (nominated)
2012, Most Promising Entertainer (nominated)
Managerial Credits
Ronnie Davis R.I.P. Former manager
The Tennors Former manager
Eric "Monty" Morris Former manager as of 9/12
Chalice (reggae band) Former manager as of 12/12
References
External links
Official Website
Official Facebook Page
Official Twitter Page
Morning's Come (Illinois Entertainer Review)
1971 births
Jamaican reggae musicians
Mercury Records artists
Living people
Musicians from Kingston, Jamaica
Reggae fusion artists
Jamaican emigrants to the United States
Jamaican male singers
Zheng Qing (born 15 September 1959) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of transactions that have taken place during the 2020 NBL off-season and the 2020–21 NBL season.
Retirements
Front office movements
Coaching changes
Player movements
Retained players/Contract extensions
Released players
Free agency
Free agency negotiations were initially delayed until at least 1 May 2020, after the NBL and the Australian Basketball Players' Association postponed the original start date of 30 March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 1 May 2020 the start of free agency was further delayed to 1 July 2020, and on 26 June 2020 it was delayed again to 15 July 2020.
Next Star signings
The NBL Next Stars Program is designed to provide young elite overseas players, mainly Americans, with a professional option immediately out of secondary school. Each team receives one additional import roster slot intended to provide a "Next Star" slot.
Departing the league
Players who opted out
On 18 April 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic the NBL signed an agreement with the Australian Basketball Players' Association which implemented salary cuts designed to protect the league during the pandemic. In this agreement, players were allowed to opt out of their current contracts across a two-week period following the agreement's implementation. However, players were able to opt back into their previous contracts or re-sign with their previous club but couldn't sign with a new NBL club until their contract expired.
Other players who left the league
Rosters
Adelaide 36ers
Brisbane Bullets
Cairns Taipans
Illawarra Hawks
Melbourne United
New Zealand Breakers
Perth Wildcats
South East Melbourne Phoenix
Sydney Kings
See also
2020–21 NBL season
National Basketball League (Australia)
References
2020–21 NBL season
2020
Djiguiya de Koloni is a rural commune in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 559 square kilometers and includes 9 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,857. The village of Koloni, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 46 km southeast of Yanfolila.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Divinity Roxx is an American recording artist, composer, and musician. Her work includes elements of rhythm and blues, hip hop, funk, soul, and rock. As a rapper and bassist, her performances have been reviewed as radical and distinctive because of her unique ability to combine vigorous bass lines with simultaneous tongue-twisting yet authoritative rapping.
She is best known for touring and performing with Beyoncé Knowles (2006–2011) as her bassist and Musical Director for "The Beyoncé Experience" and "I Am... World Tour". On the "I Am...Sasha Fierce" World tour, Divinity also helped compose music alongside Bibi McGill, Brittani Washington and Rie Tsuji. She has appeared in three DVDs with Beyoncé including The Beyoncé Experience Live, I Am... Sasha Fierce, and I Am... Yours. She has also appeared in two videos, "Irreplaceable" and "Green Light". Divinity has performed with Beyonce at The White House for President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama during a State Dinner for the President of Mexico, Felipe Calderon. She also performed with Beyonce during her Glastonbury performance. She has also performed on the Grammy's, The BET Awards, MTV Music Awards, Ellen, The Oprah Winfrey Show, Saturday Night Live, Good Morning America, The Today Show and
countless other television shows with Beyonce. In 2014, Divinity played bass on The Arsenio Hall Show and The Queen Latifah Show with Atlanta born rapper, B.o.B. Divinity has also appeared on Big Morning Buzz Live With Nick Lechey and The Wendy Williams Show with singer [K.Michelle].
In 2021, Divinity released her debut Family Music Album, Ready, Set Go!, turning her attention to the audience she feels matters most. From start to finish, her new album, Ready, Set, Go, is about positivity in mind and body. Two of the songs from the album, Happy and Healthy and Me + You were published by Scholastic as fully illustrated picture books. The books were illustrated by NaShanta Fletcher and were part of Scholastic's Family and Community Engagement initiative.
Early career
In October 2000, Divinity attended Victor Wooten's Bass Nature Camp at Montgomery Bell State Park near Nashville, Tennessee. There she met Victor Wooten and his brothers Regi, Joseph, Roy, and Rudy. Once the camp was over, Victor asked Divinity to tour with him. She began touring with Wooten's band where she was a featured part of the show from 2000-2005. She is recorded on Wooten's Live in America (2001) and Soul Circus (2005) albums under the names D. Walker and MC Divinity. She also appears on Victor Wooten's album, Words and Tones (2012)
Solo Recordings
Ain't No Other Way (2003)
Divinity's first album Ain't No Other Way was self-released in 2012 while touring with Victor Wooten. The album featured production from will.i.am, DJ Lethal, and Mike Elizondo.
The Roxx Boxx Experience (2012)
Divinity's second EP, The Roxx Boxx Experience, was released in October 2012. The album featured Divinity Roxx (bass, lead vocals), Matt McMoots (guitar, backing vocals, backing bass), Omar Gusmao (guitar, backing vocals), and Carlos McSwain (drums, backing vocals). The album was mixed by Eric Racy and Mastered by Chris Gehringer for Sterling Sound
ImPossible (2016)
Divinity released ImPossible (album) April 19, 2016. This is album features elements of funk, soul, rock, hip-hop and jazz.
Discography
Victor Wooten - Words and Tones ("Get it Right", "Say Word", "Heaven") (2012)
2NE1 - 2NE1 GLOBAL TOUR NEW EVOLUTION IN SEOUL! DVD (2012)
2NE1 - GLOBAL TOUR NEW EVOLUTION IN SEOUL! Live CD (Dec 4, 2012)
will.i.am – Songs About Girls ("She's a Star") (2007)
NX Zero – A Melhor Parte De Mim 0.2 (2010)
Beyoncé Knowles – The Beyoncé Experience Live (2007)
Beyoncé Knowles – I Am... Sasha Fierce (2010)
Beyoncé Knowles – Live in Vegas Instrumentals (2010)
Beyoncé Knowles – Irreplaceable Live at Glastonbury (2011)
Essence Music Festival, Vol 4: The Collection (Live) ("Single Ladies") (2011)
Victor Wooten – Live in America (2001)
Victor Wooten - Soul Circus (2005)
Béla Fleck and the Flecktones – Little Worlds ("The Ballad of Jed Clampett") (2003)
Divinity Roxx – Ain't No Other Way (2003)
Divinity Roxx - The Roxx Boxx Experience (2012)
Divinity Roxx - ImPossible (2016)
Television Appearances
Divinity appeared on the television show The Soul Man alongside the musical guest B.o.B. while playing bass on his Promo Tour for the album Underground Luxury.
Divinity is currently the bass player in the house band for the BET produced television show Black Girls Rock! (2014-2016), backing such artists as Erykah Badu, Patti Labelle, Gladys Knight, Brandy, Monica and Jazmine Sullivan.
References
External links
Divinity Roxx at CD Baby
Divinity Roxx at ReverbNation
African-American guitarists
American bass guitarists
Women bass guitarists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women guitarists
African-American women musicians
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
American lesbian musicians
The Show Must Go On is a play by Kōki Mitani, written in 1991 for his theatre group Tokyo Sunshine Boys. It was so popular in Japan that it brought media fame to the entire company and gained its star actor Masahiko Nishimura an award for Best Actor, in that year's Japanese Theatre Awards.
Japanese plays
1991 plays
Desyatina () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 41 as of 2002.
Geography
Desyatina is located 10 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Sovetsky is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Hofbräukeller is a restaurant in Haidhausen, Munich, Germany owned by Hofbräuhaus brewery.
It is a traditional Bavarian restaurant in a cellar with a beer garden, not a tourist spot like the Hofbräuhaus am Platzl. It is a part of the Wiener Platz, home to the Wiener Markt. Adolf Hitler gave his first political speech as a member of the German Workers' Party (Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, DAP) at the beer hall on October 16, 1919.
See also
Hofbräu-Festzelt
External links
Official Website
Buildings and structures in Munich
Restaurants in Germany
Drinking establishments in Germany
11th Street is a temporarily closed rail stop in the central city neighborhood of Michigan City, Indiana. It serves the South Shore Line commuter rail system and is one of two active stations in Michigan City, the other being Carroll Avenue station. It is located adjacent to the location of the historic 11th Street Station of the former Chicago, South Shore and South Bend Railroad station (now demolished), which operated the station from 1927 until 1987. Prior to the May 2021 closure, the station was composed of a passenger shelter and a sign on the northwest corner of East 11th Street and Pine Street; boarding and alighting was done from the street itself. A more modern station with two tracks and a high-level platform is currently under construction.
History before NICTD
The Chicago, South Shore and South Bend was one of the last interurban railroads to operate profitably in the United States. Aggressive management, led by financier Samuel Insull, reconceptualized the South Shore as the linchpin of a public transportation network operating throughout the industrialized Indiana Dunes region of Indiana. Insull interests built the 11th Street Station in central Michigan City in May 1927 as a pioneering piece of multimodal public transportation infrastructure. The South Shore had affiliated with several regional bus lines, and the 11th Street Station was conceived as a waiting area point where system users would transfer between a bus and an electric train.
Operation under NICTD
After operating relatively successfully for some decades, the South Shore entered bankruptcy in the 1980s. Electric train service was reorganized under the umbrella of the publicly funded Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District (NICTD), but affiliated bus service had long since ceased. The South Shore Line closed the 11th Street station building in November 1987, but its NICTD successor-in-interest maintains train service to the street adjacent to the station. The station building itself, designed by Insull's staff-architect Arthur U. Gerber, was demolished in January 2022.
Until April 30, 2021, the trains continued stopped near the original station, opening the door on the north side of the track. To make up for the closure of the station, NICTD set up a small passenger shelter at the end of the adjacent parking lot, near the 11th Street/Pine Street intersection. As the rule of thumb, conductors only opened the doors in the first two cars.
The station's street-running location presented some issues, such as difficulties with accessibility to those with physical disability and difficulty of use for those seeking to bring their bicycles on the train. However, its location provided convenient access to the retail, art galleries, and restaurants of the surrounding Uptown neighborhood, as well as walkable access to bus stops for all of the Michigan City Transit routes, Lighthouse Place Premium Outlets, cultural attractions, and the Washington Park beach.
Reconstruction
Michigan City and NICTD long discussed the possibility of moving the tracks off the street, onto a less intrusive alignment. A series of studies concluded that the 11th Street alignment is the most viable and cost-effective option, especially in terms of transit-oriented development. According to the preliminary plans, There were considerable concerns among Michigan City residents about this plan, particularly those who would have to be relocated. Other possible alignments existed that would also have separated the NICTD tracks from a grade widely used by motor vehicle traffic, and a public hearing was held in September 2011 to discuss these possible alignments. However, the alignment adjacent to 11th Street was chosen, largely due to the potential for surrounding development, with the plans specifying the conversion of 11th Street into a one-way street with the two tracks running adjacent to the street.
As part of the South Shore Line's double tracking project, the station closed on May 1, 2021 for the two and a half-year duration of the project. The official date of its closure had only been announced less than three weeks earlier on April 14, 2021. During the closure, service will continue at Michigan City's Carroll Avenue station, which is connected to the area of the 11th Street Station by the Michigan City Transit Route 3 bus. However, train service between Caroll Avenue and Chicago will be discontinued until the Fall of 2022, with rail replacement bus service being used to connect the train service between South Bend Airport and Caroll Avenue with the train service between Chicago and Dune Park.
The 11th Street station is planned to be rebuilt at approximately the same location and include high-level platforms capable of accommodating eight-car trains. The redeveloped station was also planned, from the start of the reconstruction work, to include a multistorey car park and attached retail facility.
In September 2021, the city of Michigan City issued a request for proposal (RFP) for developers interested in building a mixed-use development on the city block of the planned rebuilt station (the block enveloped by Franklin, Pine, 10th, and 11th streets). In doing so, Michigan City and NICTD indicated their interest in seeing developer construct a mixed-use development that would include intermodal hub featuring 426 parking spaces, a passenger waiting area, and a train stop for the South Shore Line, ideally with the original station building's facade being restored and reinstalled. The RFP specified that the project could be as many as ten floors high and needed to be finished by the expected May 2024 completion of the South Shore Line double track construction. The city committed to providing $16 million in funding to aid in their construction. On February 23, 2022, it was announced that Michigan City and NICDTD had reached an agreement with Flaherty & Collins Properties for an $80 million mixed-use development. Flaherty & Collins' proposal had been unanimously chosen by a review committee. The development will include, in addition to the new train station, a twelve-story high-rise with 208 luxury residential apartments, more than of commercial space, and a parking garage with 558 spaces. The development will incorporate the facade of the original station building. The development is slated to break ground in the summer of 2023, open its transit center by May 2024, and finish construction on its apartments by the spring of 2025.
Potential impact on development in Michigan City
In addition to the new intermodal hub development, the double tracking (expected to lessen the commute between Michigan City and Chicago to roughly an hour, removing roughly 30 minutes from the commute time) numerous planned developments have been announced in Michigan City since the start of construction on the double tracking project, which many have attributed directly to the double tracking. In November 2021, a developer announced plans for a $35 million mixed-use development featuring 200 apartments on the corner of Eighth Street and Michigan Boulevard, a location near the station. In the years before the groundbreaking of the double track project, Michigan City had already been working towards redeveloping its surrounding central Uptown area into an arts district, with faster train service between Michigan City and Chicago being seen as a key generator for the fulfillment that goal. Since the groundbreaking of double track project, a number of major developments have been announced for other parts of the city as well, such as a $150 million mixed-use hotel and apartment development near the city's City Hall. The leader of the Economic Development Corp. Michigan City has stated that the group projects that the improved rail service will generate more than 800 new multi-family residential units in Michigan City in a period of a decade.
Bus connections
Michigan City Transit (at Franklin/11th Street intersection)
Route 1
Route 2
Route 4
References
External links
South Shore Line – Stations
Jeff Tucker, "What's next for station?", May 15, 2002, news story cached by railfan.net .
Preliminary 11th Street station redesign developed by TranSystems
Station from Google Maps Street View
South Shore Line stations in Indiana
Michigan City, Indiana
Street running
Railway stations in LaPorte County, Indiana
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1927
Femi Soyinka (4 January 1937 – 14 June 2022) was a Nigerian professor of Dermatology and the provost of the College of Health Sciences, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife.
Early life and education
Femi Soyinka was born into the Soyinka's family in 1937. He was the younger brother of writer, Wole Soyinka. He obtained his medical degree and Doctor of Medicine in 1964 and 1965 at the University of Heidelberg In 1972, he obtained a master's degree in public health from Hadassah Medical School, (MPH) Israel.
Career
He was an academician and he worked in the field for thirty years.
Death
Femi Soyinka died on 14 June 2022 in his home Kukumada Village, Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria, at the age of 85.
References
1937 births
2022 deaths
Nigerian medical doctors
People from Ogun State
Devils Den Lake is a small lake located on Vancouver Island four kilometres west of Port Alberni, British Columbia.
References
Alberni Valley
Lakes of Vancouver Island
Alberni Land District
Sphodromantis belachowski, common name African mantis or African praying mantis, is a species of praying mantis from Africa.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
B
Mantodea of Africa
Live & More is a live album by Marcus Miller released in 1998.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album with 4.5 stars and its review by Jonathan Widran states: "While Miller plays everything but the kitchen sink himself (bass, bass clarinet, guitar, and vocoder), the genuine excitement here emerges from giving space to and interacting and stretching out with his sea of all-stars."
Track listing
All tracks composed by Marcus Miller; except where noted.
"Intro" – 2:26
"Panther" – 9:06
"Tutu" – 10:59
"Funny (All She Needs Is Love)" – 12:42 (Marcus Miller, Boz Scaggs)
"Strange Fruit" – 3:56 (Lewis Allan)
"Summertime" – 5:33 (Ira Gershwin, George Gershwin, DuBose Heyward)
"Maputo" – 8:17
"People Make The World Go 'Round" – 9:04 (Thom Bell, Linda Creed)
"Sophie" – 4:53
"Jazz In The House" – 5:46
Personnel
Marcus Miller – bass, bass clarinet, guitar, keyboards, soprano saxophone, vocals, vocoder
Hiram Bullock – guitar
David Delhomme – keyboards, guitar
Dean Brown – guitar
Bernard Wright – keyboards
Lalah Hathaway – vocals
Kenny Garrett – alto saxophone, soprano saxophone
Everette Harp – tenor saxophone
Roger Byam – tenor saxophone
Michael "Patches" Stewart – trumpet
David "E-Man" Ward – additional keyboards, guitar, percussion, sound design
Poogie Bell – drums
Lenny White - additional drums
Drew Zingg - additional guitar
References
External links
Official Marcus Miller site
All About Jazz's Review by Christopher Hoard
Marcus Miller albums
1997 live albums
Albums produced by Marcus Miller
GRP Records live albums
Enterospora nucleophila is a microsporidian infecting the gilt-head bream (Sparus aurata). It develops primarily within the nuclei of rodlet cells and enterocytes, at the intestinal epithelium. It can also be found in cytoplasmic position within other cell types, including phagocytes, at subepithelial layers. It is the causative agent of emaciative microsporidiosis of gilthead sea bream, a chronic condition manifested as a severe growth arrestment, normally accompanied by trickling mortality.
Taxonomy
E. nucleophila is a microsporidian, a group of intracellular parasites related to fungi. This species is rooted within the family Enterocytozoonidae. According to SSUrDNA-based phylogenetic inference, it clusters with Enterocytozoon hepatopenaei, Enterospora canceri and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in a well-supported clade. The Enterocytozoonidae branches within the class Terresporidia in molecular-based classification of microsporidians but taxonomical classification above the family level is currently not entirely settled in this phylum.
Life cycle
Only the development within gilthead sea bream is currently known. Since some of the closest relatives of E. nucleophila infect crustaceans (e.g., Enterospora canceri or E. hepatopenaei), and some of them have heteroxenous cycles alternating between crustacean and fish hosts (e.g., Desmozoon lepeophtheri [3]), a similar alternating cycle could occur for E. nucleophila.
Pathology and clinical signs
Infections by E. nucleophila are associated with stunted growth of gilthead sea bream stocks, which can be accompanied by low-level but sustained trickling mortality (0.1-0.3% daily, up to 1% at peaks per sea cage). Affected fish normally appear lethargic and cachectic, with other nonspecific signs like discolouration and occasional scale loss. Upon necropsy, gross pathological alterations include thinned and transparent wall in the intestines, which frequently accumulate clear or greenish fluid and white faeces in the terminal portion. The condition seems to appear in gilthead sea bream during their first winter in sea cages. As a result of the arrested growth of infected animals, these can average half the weight of the unaffected stock.
Impact
The disease was first noticed in the early 2000s. However, the difficulties in the diagnosis of the parasite probably delayed acknowledgement of its presence and impact. Indeed, the parasite and its association with gilthead sea bream emaciative microsporidiosis were not described until recently, but retrospective studies identified it in samples taken in 1993. The main clinical signs are only noticed in severe infections and can be largely masked by other infectious diseases of gilthead sea bream. Therefore, the approaches to understand the true impact of the disease can only be formed after the development of appropriate diagnostic methods to conduct specific epidemiological and risk-assessment studies. Besides the mortality, the main economic impact of the parasite is related to the segregation of sizes caused by the infection within affected sea cages, as it results in inefficient feeding, serious biomass and quality losses at the harvest.
Diagnosis
Presumptive diagnosis can be made based on clinical signs and histopathological examination of the intestinal epithelium. The most common observation in heavy infections is the presence of numerous hypertrophied cell nuclei and a remarkable hypercellularity. When present, tiny microsporidian spores (1.67 x 1.05 µm) can be identified. Like in other microsporidioses, the detection of spores can be facilitated with calcofluor-white M2R or luna stains. More reliable confirmatory diagnosis of E. nucleophila is possible with molecular-based methods, in situ hybridization and RT-PCR tests.
Treatments
There are currently no approved therapies for E. nucleophila. Microsporidian infections relevant for human and animal medicine are normally treated with Albendazole, Metronidazole or Fumagillin, but the use of these drugs in aquaculture settings is not regulated and their effectivity for treating gilthead sea bream microsporidiosis is unknown.
Research
As an emerging disease of gilthead sea bream, understanding E. nucleophila infection and exploring ways to mitigate its impact in aquaculture facilities has just started. The EU funded Horizon 2020 Project has tackled several objectives related to this infection, like the development and validation of diagnostic methods and their use in epidemiological studies to evaluate the impact and risks factors associated to the disease. Ongoing research framed within the project has also focused on developing means for the transmission and maintenance of the infection in the laboratory, as well as It's in vitro cultivation. More ambitious goals, such as the genome sequencing and the identification of therapeutic and diagnostic targets have also been attempted but are currently struggling with difficulties in reproducing the disease in the laboratory and generating appropriate material.
References
Microsporidia
A beap, or bi-parental heap, is a data structure where a node usually has two parents (unless it is the first or last on a level) and two children (unless it is on the last level). Unlike a heap, a beap allows sublinear search. The beap was introduced by Ian Munro and Hendra Suwanda. A related data structure is the Young tableau.
Performance
The height of the structure is approximately . Also, assuming the last level is full, the number of elements on that level is also . In fact, because of these properties all basic operations (insert, remove, find) run in time on average. Find operations in the heap can be in the worst case. Removal and insertion of new elements involves propagation of elements up or down (much like in a heap) in order to restore the beap invariant. An additional perk is that beap provides constant time access to the smallest element and time for the maximum element.
Actually, a find operation can be implemented if parent pointers at each node are maintained. You would start at the absolute bottom-most element of the top node (similar to the left-most child in a heap) and move either up or right to find the element of interest.
References
Heaps (data structures)
Govind Swamy (born 1951) is a Fiji Indian who was a teacher for many years before being elected to the House of Representatives of Fiji.
He was born in Labasa and after qualifying as an industrial arts teacher taught for eighteen years. In 1987 he resigned from his teaching position to contest the Vanua Levu North and West National Constituency for the NFP–Labour Coalition. He won the seat with a comfortable margin, but was a member of Parliament for a month when the military coup of 1987 prematurely ended his political career.
References
Fijian Hindus
Fiji Labour Party politicians
Indian members of the House of Representatives (Fiji)
1951 births
Living people
Politicians from Labasa
Cathrine Buccat Graversen (born April 25, 1998) is a footballer who plays as a defender or a midfielder for Elitettan club IK Uppsala. Born in Denmark, she represents the Philippines women's national team.
Career
Youth
Graversen had her youth career at Vipperød Boldklub, Ballerup-Skovlunde and Kolding.
Ballerup-Skovlunde
In 2018, Graversen returned to Ballerup-Skovlunde. She made her debut for the club in a 5–0 defeat against Brøndby, coming in as a substitute replacing Isabell Nederby in the 78th minute.
B.93 Pigefodbold
Graversen joined B.93 Pigefodbold in the spring of 2019.
Return to Ballerup-Skovlunde
After a short stint with B.93, she returned to Ballerup-Skovlunde.
Calcio Pomigliano
In October 2020, Graversen joined Italian Serie B club Calcio Pomigliano.
Return to B.93 Pigefodbold
Five months later, Graversen returned to B.93.
Nea Salamis
In the summer of 2021, Graversen joined Cypriot First Division club Nea Salamis.
IK Uppsala
In 2022, it was announced that Graversen joined Elitettan club IK Uppsala.
International career
Born in Denmark, Graversen is eligible to represent either Denmark or the Philippines at international level.
Philippines
As early as 2017, Graversen was invited for a national team training camp in California. However, one month before the training camp, she caught a concussion which prevented her from joining the camp. Two years later, Graversen made her debut for the Philippines in a 11–0 friendly win against Macau.
In 2019, Graversen was one of the 20 players that were called up for the 2019 Southeast Asian Games held in Manila.
References
External links
Cathrine Graversen at worldfootball.net
1998 births
Living people
Citizens of the Philippines through descent
Danish women's footballers
Filipino women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Women's association football midfielders
Philippines women's international footballers
Filipino expatriate footballers
Filipino expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Filipino expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
Expatriate women's footballers in Cyprus
Filipino people of Danish descent
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Holt Fleet Bridge, also known as Holt Bridge, is a cast-iron arch bridge over the River Severn, at Holt in Worcestershire, England. It has a span of ; it was designed by Thomas Telford and opened in 1828. It is Grade II listed, and is similar to Telford's Galton Bridge, which is a Grade I listed structure that spans his BCN New Main Line canal at Smethwick.
The bridge was built with five cast-iron ribs, with X-braced spandrels, as were several of Telford's bridges. It was strengthened in 1928. when the upper and lower parts of each rib and some of the diagonal struts above them were encased in concrete. The road deck was rebuilt in reinforced concrete and widened at the same time.
Semicircular arches at each end, built in red sandstone, allow for the passage of riverbank foot-traffic and floodwater.
See also
Crossings of the River Severn
References
External links
photos of Holt Fleet Bridge and surrounding area on geograph
The Holt Fleet - a historic restaurant adjacent to the Holt Fleet Bridge
Bridges across the River Severn
Bridges in Worcestershire
Bridges completed in 1828
Grade II listed buildings in Worcestershire
Bridges by Thomas Telford
The following lists events that happened during 1958 in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Incumbents
Events
January – March
20 January – Michel Rasquin resigns from the government to become Luxembourg's member of the inaugural European Commission, with responsibility for Transport.
1 February – Joseph Frieden replaces Joseph Bech as Prime Minister. He forms a new government, renewing the Christian Social People's Party's coalition with the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party.
3 February – Luxembourg, Belgium, and the Netherlands sign a treaty creating the Benelux Economic Union.
16 March – Representing Luxembourg, Solange Berry finishes ninth (and joint-last) in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958 with the song Un grand amour.
April – June
27 April – Luxembourg's European Commissioner, Michel Rasquin, dies.
18 June – Lambert Schaus is appointed to the European Commission, with responsibility for Transport, replacing Michel Rasquin, who died in April.
July – September
10 July – Luxembourg signs a convention with the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate on the construction of the Vianden Pumped Storage Plant.
19 July – Charly Gaul wins the 1958 Tour de France.
12 August – Louis Hencks is appointed to the Council of State, replacing Albert Wagner, who resigned in July.
October – December
31 December – Alfred Loesch resigns from the Council of State.
Births
28 January – Jay Schiltz, journalist
16 March – Marco Pütz, musician
17 May – Pol Schmoetten, playwright
2 June – Camille Gira, politician
18 August – Anita, Princess of Hohenberg
22 August – Sylvie Andrich-Duval, politician
28 September – François Biltgen, politician
3 October – Alex Bodry, politician
Deaths
27 April – Michel Rasquin, politician and European Commissioner
7 August – Camille Wampach, historian
27 December - Batty Fischer, amateur photographer
Footnotes
References
Robert Stephen "Duffy" Cobbs (born January 17, 1964) is a former professional American football player. He played defensive back for Penn State's 1982 and 1986 national championship teams, and one season (1987) in the National Football League for the New England Patriots.
He was named to Bleacher Report's "Penn State All-Time Defensive Team".
References
Living people
American football defensive backs
Penn State Nittany Lions football players
Sportspeople from Alexandria, Virginia
Players of American football from Virginia
New England Patriots players
1964 births
Clare Marian Thellusson (née McCririck), Baroness Rendlesham (1919-1987), known as Clare Rendlesham, was a British fashion editor and boutique manager.
Personal life
Born one of three children of Lieutenant Colonel Douglas H.G. McCririck (1893-1947) and Nora Muriel Rivett (1896-1975), in 1947 she became the second wife of Charles Thellusson, 8th Baron Rendlesham. Together they had four children, a son and three daughters: Charles William Brooke Thellusson (later 9th Baron Rendlesham), Sarah Ann, Antonia, and Jaqumine.
Career
Rendlesham rose to prominence thanks to her eye for new fashion trends and her bold editorial choices. She became editor of both Vogue and Queen magazines. She had a reputation for being a difficult person to work with. Photographer Helmut Newton called her "thin as a rake and as hard as nails", while journalist Brenda Polan said "She was a monster. Most people were too scared even to talk to her."
In 1966, Rendlesham was fired from Queen after an infamous row with its owner, Jocelyn Stevens, which culminated in Rendlesham throwing her typewriter from the office window (other accounts say he "famously threw [her] suitcases through the office window"). When she left the publishing industry, she became a boutique owner. Rendlesham managed the first Yves St. Laurent, Chloé and Karl Lagerfeld shops in London.
Legacy
Helen McCrory portrayed Rendlesham in the 2012 movie, We'll Take Manhattan.
References
1987 deaths
Businesspeople from Lancashire
English women journalists
English magazine editors
Fashion editors
Vogue (magazine) people
Irish baronesses
1919 births
Women magazine editors
20th-century English businesspeople
Catherine McGourty is a camogie player, and winner of four Soaring Star awards in 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2014. She was a member of the 2001 Junior All-Ireland winning Down team. She represented Ireland in the 2008 shinty-camogie international. She captained the Down team in 2009 and plays for Ballycran.
References
Living people
Down camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Musical Comedy Crime is a 1933 mystery detective novel by Anthony Gilbert, the pen name of British writer Lucy Beatrice Malleson. It is the seventh entry of the series featuring Scott Egerton, her principal character before her better known creation Arthur Crook appeared three years later. A traditional whodunnit, it was published during the Golden Age of Detective Fiction.
Synopsis
Major John Hillier is killed in his London flat by his servant. Inspector Field of Scotland Yard traced his movements the night before his death and found he had attended a performance at a suburban theatre. It takes Scott Egerton to finally crack the case.
References
Bibliography
Iwaschkin, Roman. Popular Music: A Reference Guide. Routledge, 2016.
Magill, Frank Northen . Critical Survey of Mystery and Detective Fiction: Authors, Volume 2. Salem Press, 1988.
Murphy, Bruce F. The Encyclopedia of Murder and Mystery. Springer, 1999.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1933 British novels
British mystery novels
British thriller novels
Novels by Anthony Gilbert
Novels set in London
British detective novels
Collins Crime Club books
The Force Research Unit (FRU) was a covert military intelligence unit of the British Army part of the Intelligence Corps. It was established in 1982 during the Troubles to obtain intelligence from secretly penetrating terrorist organisations in Northern Ireland by recruiting and running agents and informants.
It worked alongside existing intelligence agencies the Royal Ulster Constabulary Special Branch and MI5. In 1988, the All-Source Intelligence Cell was formed to improve the sharing of intelligence between the FRU, Special Branch and MI5.
The FRU was renamed to the Joint Support Group (JSG) following the Stevens Inquiry into allegations of collusion between the security forces and Protestant paramilitary groups.
The FRU was found to have colluded with loyalist paramilitaries by the Stevens Inquiries. This has been confirmed by some former members of the unit. From 1987 to 1991, it was commanded by Gordon Kerr.
Collusion with loyalist paramilitaries
In the mid 1980s, the FRU recruited Brian Nelson as a double agent inside the Ulster Defence Association (UDA). The UDA was a legal Ulster loyalist paramilitary group that had been involved in hundreds of attacks on Catholic and nationalist civilians, as well as against republican paramilitaries. The FRU helped Nelson become the UDA's chief intelligence officer. In 1988, weapons were shipped to loyalists from South Africa under Nelson's supervision. Through Nelson, the FRU helped the UDA to target people for assassination. FRU commanders say their plan was to make the UDA "more professional" by helping it to kill republican activists and prevent it from killing uninvolved Catholic civilians. They say if someone was under threat, agents like Nelson were to inform the FRU, who were then to alert the police. Gordon Kerr, who ran the FRU from 1987 to 1991, claimed Nelson and the FRU saved over 200 lives in this way. However, the Stevens Inquiries found evidence that only two lives were saved and said many loyalist attacks could have been prevented but were allowed to go ahead. The Stevens team believes that Nelson was responsible for at least 30 murders and many other attacks, and that many of the victims were uninvolved civilians. One of the most prominent victims was solicitor Pat Finucane. Although Nelson was imprisoned in 1992, FRU intelligence continued to help the UDA and other loyalist groups. From 1992 to 1994, loyalists were responsible for more deaths than republicans for the first time since the 1960s.
Allegations exist that the FRU sought restriction orders in advance of a number of loyalist paramilitary attacks in order to facilitate easy access to and escape from their target. A restriction order is a de-confliction agreement to restrict patrolling or surveillance in an area over a specified period. This de-confliction activity was carried out at a weekly Tasking and Co-ordination Group which included representatives of the Royal Ulster Constabulary, MI5 and the British Army. It is claimed the FRU asked for restriction orders to be placed on areas where they knew loyalist paramilitaries were going to attack.
Alleged infiltration of republican paramilitary groups
FRU are also alleged to have handled agents within republican paramilitary groups. A number of agents are suspected to have been handled by the FRU including IRA units who planted bombs and assassinated. Attacks are said to have taken place involving FRU-controlled agents highly placed within the IRA. The main agent to have been uncovered so far was codenamed "Stakeknife". There is a debate as to whether this agent is IRA member Freddie Scappaticci or another, as yet unidentified, IRA member.
"Stakeknife" is thought to have been a member of the IRA's Internal Security Unit - a unit responsible for counter-intelligence, interrogation and court martial of informers within the IRA. It is believed that "Stakeknife" was used by the FRU to influence the outcome of investigations conducted by the IRA's Internal Security Unit into the activities of IRA volunteers.
It is alleged that in 1987 the UDA came into possession of Stevens Inquiries details relating to the identity of the FRU-controlled IRA volunteer codenamed "Stakeknife". It is further alleged that the UDA, unaware of this IRA volunteer's value to the FRU, planned to assassinate him. It is alleged that after the FRU discovered
"Stakeknife" was in danger from UDA assassination they used Brian Nelson to persuade the UDA to assassinate Francisco Notarantonio instead, a Belfast pensioner who had been interned as an Irish republican in the 1940s. The killing of Notarantonio was claimed by the UFF at the time. Following the killing of Notarantonio, unaware of the involvement of the FRU, the IRA assassinated two UDA leaders in reprisal attacks. It has been alleged that the FRU secretly passed details of the two UDA leaders to the IRA via "Stakeknife" in an effort to distract attention from "Stakeknife" as a possible informer.
FRU and the Stevens Inquiry
Former FRU operative Martin Ingram asserted that the arson attack which destroyed the offices of the Stevens Inquiry was carried out by the FRU to destroy evidence on operational activities collected by Stevens' team.
See also
Stakeknife
References
External links
Relatives For Justice
Madden & Finucane
Brian Nelson
Transcript of BBC Panorama programme titled 'Collusion', 23 June 2002
Series of articles appearing in the Sunday Herald about the activities of the FRU.
Lengthy Interview given by Martin Ingram on Radio Free Eireann describing his FRU activities NOTE: Interview with Ingram starts around 25 minutes into the mp3.
Transcript of Insight TV documentary : Licensed to Kill - Inside the Force Research Unit
Units of the Intelligence Corps (British Army)
History of Ashford, Kent
British Army in Operation Banner
Military units and formations established in 1982
Military units and formations disestablished in 2007
Bohdan Vesolovsky ( 30 May 1915 – 17 December 1971) was a Ukrainian composer and songwriter.
Biography
He was born in Vienna. After the First World War his family moved to Stryi, as for that moment - Poland. He studied at the Faculty of Law of Lviv University (graduated in 1937) and Stryi branch of Mykola Lysenko Higher Music Institute. He also graduated from the Consular Academy in Vienna in 1939.
At the age of 16 he started writing music, at the age of 22 he wrote one of his most popular songs - "There will come another time" (Прийде ще час). Already the first musical works brought Bohdan Vesolovsky fame. In the 1930s, together with the violinist Leonid Yablonsky and the accordionist Anatoliy Kos-Anatolsky, he was a member of Jablonsky Jazz Chapel (Yabtso-Jazz; the soloist was Iryna Yarosevych). The jazz band was a great success at parties of Lviv youth of the interwar period, in particular at corporate balls.
During World War II he was an officer in Austria-German boundary. Since 1949 lived in Canada. In Canada Bohdan Vesolovsky worked as a chief-editor of Ukrainian version of Radio Canada International in Montreal. In 1960 Vesolovsky was allowed to visit USSR. Vesolovsky died in Monreal were been buried. Upon 20 years reburied in Stryi according to his testament.
Legacy
According to Bohdan Vesolovsky, the immediate impetus of his composing skills was the lack of Ukrainian entertainment music. At that time, Polish music dominated. Only quality could compete with it. The song heritage of the composer includes more than 130 works. Songs of the first (Lviv) period are mainly tangoed, foxtrot, light waltz. The lyrics of these songs was mostly about love. In the following years, the songs acquired a bright civic sound ("Fly, sad song" and "Charm of the Carpathian Mountains").
After the World War II songs by Vesolovsky were forbidden in USSR, though were performed anonymously. The revival of Veselovsky's music in Ukraine rises in the 2000s. In 2001, with the participation of the composer's wife Olena Vesolovska (Zalizniak), the first collection of Vesolovsky's songs was published, which included 56 works. Late a famous Ukrainian singer Oleh Skrypka recorded two albums based on Vesolovsky's songs found in Toronto - "My Heart is Vulnerable" (2009) and "Dahlia" (2011).
Since 2015 an annual Music festival in memory of Vesolovsky took place in Ukraine.
References
Sources
Bondi Vesolovsky and Yabtso Jazz: swinging Lviv in the 1920s-30s
Ostash, Ihor. (2013) Бонді, або повернення Богдана Весоловського [Bondi or Bjhdan Vesolovsky's returning]. Duliby.
Lukanov U. (2000) Піонер легкого жанру [Pioneer of light genre]. Day.
Symonenko, Volodymyr (2004). Ukrainian encyclopedia of jazz. Kyiv, page 24
Ukrainian music encyclopedia (2006). Rylski Institut. Kyiv. page 344
Ukrainian composers
1915 births
1971 deaths
Polish emigrants to Canada
Ukrainians in Poland
Musicians from Vienna
Ukrainian people in the Austrian Empire
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
News editors
Radio editors
Canadian radio producers
The Ouandjia-Vakaga Faunal Reserve is found in the Central African Republic. It was established in 1925.This site is 7233 km2.
References
Protected areas of the Central African Republic
Faunal reserves
Rebin Asaad (born 31 October 1994) is a Swedish professional footballer of Kurdish-Iraqi descent who plays as a midfielder for Lunds BK.
Early life
Asaad was born in Trollhättan, Sweden, to Iraqi parents of Kurdish descent. At age four, his family moved to Malmö where he grew up. Asaad started his football career at a small local club, before joining city giants Malmö FF during his early teens.
Career
Asaad was released by Malmö FF at the end of the 2011 season, since he was not offered a senior contract at the side. In 2012, he played one season with the fourth tier side BK Olympic.
In early 2013, Asaad signed a contract with Ängelholms FF in Superettan. He was used sparingly in his first season at the club, before breaking in to the starting eleven in 2014. Across three full seasons at Ängelholm, Asaad made 63 appearances, scoring 3 goals.
Ahead of the 2016 season, Asaad went on trial with Helsingborgs IF in the Swedish first division. After a week of training, manager Henrik Larsson however did not offer Asaad a contract. Instead, he signed with Halmstads BK in Superettan. In 2016, he played 21 games as a central midfielder, scoring once, as Halmstad won a promotion to Allsvenskan. Asaad was used sparingly during the first half of the 2017 season. He only featured five times as a substitute when Halmstad returned to top flight football.
On 23 July 2017, Asaad moved to Hammarby IF, reportedly on a free transfer. Asaad signed a 1.5-year contract, with an option for a further, with the Stockholm-based club. He made his debut for the side on 13 August, starting as a central midfielder, in a 2–2 home draw against Östersund.
In 2018, Asaad was used sparingly by Hammarby without making any league appearances. On 11 August, he got sent on loan for the remainder of the season to affiliated club IK Frej in Superettan. Asaad left Hammarby in December 2018 upon the expiration of his contract.
On 26 January 2021, Asaad moved to Lunds BK.
International career
During 2015, Asaad attracted interest from the Iraqi national football team. He was called up to train with the side on several occasions the same year.
Asaad was called up to the preliminary Iraqi under-23 squad ahead of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil. However, he did not feature in the main tournament after being dropped from the squad by manager Abdul Ghani Shahad.
Rebin Asaad earned his first call-up to the Iraqi senior national team in October 2017, ahead of a friendly against Syria on 13 November.
Personal life
Alan Asaad, his younger brother born in 1998, is also a professional footballer playing for Degerfors IF in Superettan, Sweden's second tier. His older brother Nazad Asaad, born in 1988, is a retired footballer that belonged to the academy of Udinese Calcio in Serie A between 2005 and 2007 and later went on to make 3 appearances in the Polish Ekstraklasa for ŁKS Łódź.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Iraqi footballers
Swedish people of Iraqi descent
Association football midfielders
BK Olympic players
Malmö FF players
Ängelholms FF players
Halmstads BK players
Hammarby Fotboll players
IK Frej players
Varbergs BoIS players
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Torns IF players
Lunds BK players
People from Trollhättan
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
The Thomas Jefferson Education Foundation was a diploma mill run in the 1990s and based in South Dakota.
Diploma mill
According to John Bear, author of Bears' Guide to Earning Degrees by Distance Learning, in 1998 the Thomas Jefferson Education Foundation ran an advertisement in USA Today for distance education courses. Bear responded to the ad and the foundation sent a 20-page course catalog covering the following schools:
Thomas Jefferson University of Virginia
University of Williamsburg
Dartmoor University
Presidential American University
Cambridge University in America
According to Bear, the catalog made no distinction among these schools other than listing their different names. The catalog offered degrees at all levels by "professional assessment of career achievements" and claimed accreditation from the "College for Professional Assessment", an agency Bear had yet to come across (see List of recognized accreditation associations of higher learning).
The Foundation gave the address of a Sioux Falls, South Dakota law office as the location of its campus, something over which a lawyer at that office expressed "outrage". According to Bear, this lawyer had filed the incorporation documents for Thomas Jefferson Education Foundation, as well as for other schools later determined to be diploma mills, including Monticello University (aka "Thomas Jefferson University"), a school begun by Les Snell. Monticello University was "an unauthorized foreign non-profit corporation organized under the laws of the State of South Dakota" that, along with several others of Snell's schools, was shut down by the government in 1999.
References
Unaccredited institutions of higher learning in the United States
Distance education institutions based in the United States
Fraud in the United States
Williams Island is an island in the Australian state of South Australia located off the south coast of Jussieu Peninsula on Eyre Peninsula approximately south-east of Port Lincoln. It was named by Matthew Flinders for Robert Williams who subsequently lost his life along with seven other crew in to capsize of a cutter launched from HM Sloop Investigator to search for water on 21 February 1802. Since 2004, the island has been part of the Memory Cove Wilderness Protection Area.
Description
Williams Island which is approximately south-east of Port Lincoln and south-south-east of West Point on the Jussieu Peninsula is broadly a U-shaped island with a maximum height of and an area of . While the island is bordered by cliffs, a bay with a sandy beach on its north coast provides both a sheltered anchorage for most wind directions and a point of access to the island.
Formation, geology and oceanography
Williams Island was formed about 9,100 years ago when sea levels began to rise at the start of the Holocene.
The island's geological structure consists of an upper platform of calcarenite laying over on "a U-shaped ridge of pink granite, dark coloured porphyritic granite gneiss with intrusions by large, dark dolerite dykes." The open end of the "U" aligns with the island's northern coast. The U-shaped ridge is visible as an "encircling wall of steep cliffs and talus slopes" over which the "calcarenite platform starts as a talus slope of fractured rock and scree or as low cliffs and overhangs" thickens into "a thick layer of soil" covering most of the island.
The island rises from the sea floor at approximately over a distance of approximately to .
Flora and fauna
Terrestrial plants
As of 1996, a total of 26 plant species was reported as being present. The island's upper platform is dominated by a shrubland of saltbush, dominated by marsh saltbush and grey saltbush while herbfields dominated by austral storksbill are present on low granite outcrops at several locations near the island's south east tip where the underlying granite strata has passed through the island's calcareous topping. Visitors to the island in 1907 described the island as treeless, but supporting "low, stunted saltbush".
Terrestrial animals
An account from a 1907 expedition including Sir Douglas Mawson described the island as teeming with snakes, and noted the presence of a large, badly scarred bull seal. As of 1996, a total of one mammal, 11 birds and three reptile species were reported as being present on the island. Of particular note, is the bush rat, the black tiger snake which predates on the bush rat population and short-tailed shearwaters which are reported as using the island as a breeding colony. As of 2013, the island is reported as being an unconfirmed breeding site for flesh-footed shearwaters. In 1907, visitors to the island described it as home to muttonbirds, penguins, large black snakes and plenty of small lizards. Other birds documented during that visit include the little grassbird (Megalorus gramineus) and the Swamp hawk (Circus gouldi).
History
The island was first sighted by Europeans on 20 February 1802 from HMS Investigator whilst under the command of Matthew Flinders and was named on that day after seaman Robert Williams. Williams subsequently lost his life, presumably drowned, along with seven other members of the crew on 21 February 1802 when one of HMS Investigators cutters capsized near Cape Catastrophe. The island was surveyed by Thomas Lipson, RN in 1840 as part of an ongoing South Australian Government program to map the colony's waters, identify shipping hazards and assess the suitability of the coastline for settlement.
Navigation aids
A navigation aid consisting of a tower with a single flashing light was located on the west side of the island since 1963. An area of land of approximately in size is reserved for use by the responsible government agency, the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA). Access to the Island for the maintenance of the navigation aid is via helicopter.
Economic activity
Gauno
Williams Island is one of the island sites from which guano was mined under licence from the South Australian Government prior to 1919.
Protected area status
Since 30 September 2004, Williams Island has been part of the Memory Cove Wilderness Protection Area. Previously, it had been part of the Lincoln National Park. As of December 2012, the waters surrounding the island are in the Thorny Passage Marine Park.
References
Islands of South Australia
Uninhabited islands of Australia
Great Australian Bight
The African Badminton Championships is a tournament organized by the Badminton Confederation of Africa (BCA) to crown the best badminton players in Africa. For the Team event there is the African Badminton Cup of Nations. This is not to be confused with the African Games, the multi sports event, held every four years where badminton is included since 2003. This tournament established since 1979 where Kumasi, Ghana held the competition. Kenyan men's and women's team emerged as the champion at the first edition.
Championships
Medal count (2011−2022)
In November 2019, Badminton World Federation released a statement regarding doping test failure of Kate Foo Kune in these championships and decided to disqualify her result in 2019 African Badminton Championships.
Previous winners
See also
Africa Continental Team Badminton Championships, another continental tournament
African Juniors Badminton Championships
African Seniors Badminton Championships
References
External links
2011
International badminton competitions
Badminton
Recurring sporting events established in 1979
1979 establishments in Africa
The Castle of Linz () is a castle in Linz am Rhein, Germany, built between 1364 and 1368 by Heinrich von Virneburg, who was the archbishop of Cologne at the time. The main function of the castle was to collect river tolls. During the Neuss War in 1475, the castle was besieged and badly damaged. From 1811 to 1851, it served as a prison. The castle lost its importance when the town of Linz am Rhein was sold to Prussia in 1820. In 1942–1945, during the Second World War, the castle was once again used as a prison. The structure today is now privately owned and used as a public venue.
References
Further reading
Laß, Heiko (2005). Der Rhein: Burgen und Schlösser von Mainz bis Köln. Petersberg: Michael Imhof Verlag.
Thon, Alexander; Ulrich, Stefan (2010). "... Wie ein Monarch Mitten in Seinem Hofstaate Thront": Burgen am Unteren Mittelrhein. Regensburg: Schnell & Steiner. .
External links
Burg Linz history
Castles in Rhineland-Palatinate
14th-century establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Gerônimo dos Santos Oliveira (born July 1, 1989 in Riachão do Jacuípe), known as Gerônimo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for J. Malucelli.
Career statistics
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Club Athletico Paranaense players
The 2011 Cork Junior A Hurling Championship was the 114th staging of the Cork Junior A Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1895. The championship began on 17 September 2011 and ended on 30 October 2011.
On 30 October 2011, Charleville won the championship following a 2-10 to 0-11 defeat of Mayfield in the final at Páirc Uí Rinn. This was their first championship title in the grade.
Charleville's James O'Brien was the championship's top scorer with 4-15.
Qualification
Results
First round
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Top scorers
Overall
In a single game
References
External link
2011 Cork JAHC results
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Kenlon Industries Uganda Limited is a sugar manufacturing company in Uganda. It was licensed by the Uganda Ministry of Trade and Industry in 2011.
Location
According to the company webpage, the company headquarters and factory are located in Kiduna Village, Kamuli District. In November 2011, the Daily Monitor newspaper gave the location of the company as Namasagali, a town in the district.
Overview
The company was formed in 2010 and employs more than 50 but less than 100 workers. The company manufactures sugar, molasses, edible oil, ethanol, bagasse and charcoal briquettes and charcoal powder. Its total revenue is given as being between US$1 million and US$2.5 million annually. The company products are marketed to the countries of the East African Community and the Great Lakes region, namely Burundi, Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, South Sudan Tanzania, and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
See also
List of sugar manufacturers in Uganda
References
External links
"Sweet lure of sugar leaves Kamuli farmers exposed"
Sugar companies of Uganda
Eastern Region, Uganda
Kamuli District
2010 establishments in Uganda
Agriculture companies established in 2010
Food and drink companies established in 2010
Pennsylvania's state elections were held November 6, 2001. Necessary primary elections were held on May 15, 2001.
Justice of the Supreme Court
Judge of the Superior Court
Judge of the Commonwealth Court
References
Elections
Pennsylvania
Komin (Russian: Комин) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Komina. The surname may refer to the following notable people:
Aleksandr Komin (cyclist) (born 1995), Russian cyclist
Aleksandr Komin (killer) (1953–1999), Russian slave-owner and serial killer
Rimma Komina (1926–1995), Russian literary critic
Russian-language surnames
Ikwechegh is a Nigerian surname of Igbo origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Amadi Ikwechegh (1951 – 2009), military governor of Imo State, Nigeria
Alex Mascot Ikwechegh, Nigerian politician, businessman and philanthropist
Igbo-language surnames
De'Andre James Hunter (born December 2, 1997) is an American professional basketball player for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Virginia Cavaliers and was named NABC Defensive Player of the Year for 2019. Hunter scored a college career high of 27 points in the 2019 NCAA Championship Game and became a lottery pick in the NBA after his redshirt sophomore season, despite being ranked outside the top 100 as a high school recruit.
High school career
Hunter attended Friends' Central School in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania. As a junior, he averaged 21.6 points, 11.0 rebounds, and 5.0 assists per game, while being named Pennsylvania Class AA Player of the Year. As a senior in 2016, Hunter averaged 23.5 points, 9.8 rebounds, 3.0 assists and 2.5 blocks per game. Hunter was rated as a four-star recruit and ranked as the 72nd overall recruit and 14th best small forward in the 2016 high school class.
On September 12, 2015, Hunter committed to Virginia, choosing UVA over other offers from NC State and Notre Dame.
College career
During his redshirt freshman season, Hunter scored double figures in 16 games, including in 11 conference games. During a game against Louisville, Hunter scored the final 3 pointers to win the game at the buzzer. Hunter broke his wrist during the 2018 ACC tournament and could not play in the 2018 NCAA tournament. Without Hunter, the number 1 seed Virginia went on to lose in the first round to the number 16 seed, UMBC. After this season, Hunter was named to the All-ACC All-Freshman team, as well as being named the ACC Sixth man of the year. In his freshman season, Hunter posted 9.2 points and 3.5 rebounds per game. Hunter later announced that he would return to Virginia for the 2018–2019 season despite speculation that he could declare for the 2018 NBA draft.
In his sophomore season, Hunter averaged 15.2 points per game and 5.1 rebounds per game. He helped lead Virginia to another #1 seed in the 2019 NCAA tournament. Virginia would win the 2019 Championship game 85–77 behind Hunter's 27 points and 9 rebounds, including a game-tying 3 with 12.9 seconds left in regulation.
Following his second season, Hunter announced his intention to forgo his final two seasons of collegiate eligibility and declare for the 2019 NBA draft, where he was taken 4th overall by the Los Angeles Lakers and later traded to the Atlanta Hawks.
Professional career
Atlanta Hawks (2019–present)
On June 20, 2019, Hunter was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers with the 4th overall pick in the 2019 NBA draft, and then traded to the New Orleans Pelicans in the Anthony Davis trade, and then again to the Atlanta Hawks along with Solomon Hill in exchange for picks Nos. 8, 17 and 35 in the 2019 NBA draft. On July 7, 2019, the Atlanta Hawks announced that they had signed Hunter. On October 24, 2019, Hunter made his debut in NBA, started in a 117–100 win over the Detroit Pistons with fourteen points and two rebounds.
Hunter began the 2020–21 season in the starting lineup for the Hawks. On January 24, 2021, Hunter recorded a career high of 33 points against the Milwaukee Bucks. In his 18th appearance of the season, Hunter suffered a knee injury in a game against the Wizards. Going into the All-Star break, Hunter posted averages of 17.2 points per game and 5.4 rebounds per game, leading to the NBA naming him to the Rising Stars roster. Although he appeared in two games in the month of March, in all, the aforementioned injury kept Hunter out of the lineup for three months. He returned for the Hawks in a May 10 game against the Wizards in a limited capacity. In the final game of the regular season, Hunter logged 24 minutes, scoring 14 points.
The following season, on February 4, 2022, Hunter scored 23 points and grabbed 4 rebounds in a 125-114 loss to the Toronto Raptors. On April 26, 2022, Hunter scored a playoff career high of 35 points and grabbed 11 rebounds. Despite his effort, the Hawks would lose the game 97-94 against the Miami Heat, eliminating them from the playoffs in five games.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 63 || 62 || 32.0 || .410 || .355 || .764 || 4.5 || 1.8 || .7 || .3 || 12.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 23 || 19 || 29.5 || .484 || .326 || .859 || 4.8 || 1.9 || .8 || .5 || 15.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 53 || 52 || 29.8 || .442 || .379 || .765 || 3.3 || 1.3 || .7 || .4 || 13.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 139 || 133 || 30.7 || .434 || .359 || .785 || 4.1 || 1.6 || .7 || .4 || 13.2
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 5 || 5 || 30.4 || .400 || .375 || .750 || 4.0 || .6 || .2 || .6 || 10.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2022
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 5 || 5 || 34.9 || .557 || .462 || .800 || 3.8 || .6 || .8 || .2 || 21.2
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 10 || 10 || 32.6 || .496 || .429 || .778 || 3.9 || .6 || .5 || .4 || 16.0
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Virginia
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="11"| Redshirt
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Virginia
| 33 || 0 || 19.9 || .488 || .382 || .755 || 3.5 || 1.1 || .6 || .4 || 9.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Virginia
| 38 || 38 || 32.5 || .520 || .438 || .783 || 5.1 || 2.0 || .6 || .6 || 15.2
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 71 || 38 || 26.6 || .509 || .419 || .773 || 4.4 || 1.6 || .6 || .5 || 12.4
References
External links
Virginia Cavaliers bio
1997 births
Living people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks players
Basketball players from Philadelphia
Friends' Central School alumni
Los Angeles Lakers draft picks
Shooting guards
Virginia Cavaliers men's basketball players
21st-century African-American men
Michael Stephen Botur (born 8 March 1984) is a New Zealand author described as "one of the most original story writers of his generation in New Zealand."
Life and career
Born in Christchurch, Botur first began publishing poetry and experimental fiction as an English major at the University of Otago. He was part of a group publishing the creative writing zine Blindswimmer.
Botur's earliest creative writing publication credits, between 2004 and 2009, were in New Zealand and international literary magazines, zines and websites including Takahe, JAAM, Bravado, The Lumiere Reader, Prima Storia, Deep South, Catalyst, Sidestream, Insight, Subject, Blindswimmer, A3, Critic, Potroast, Debate and F*nk, Canada's The Med and NiL. He won the magazine short story competition in 2008. Botur completed a Master of Creative Writing degree in 2009 at Auckland University of Technology, publishing a collection of short stories as his thesis including a dissertation on subcultures, then trained as a journalist with Massey University, graduating at the beginning of 2015. Botur essayed in The Spinoff on 26 July 2017 about moving to Northland in 2015 and "finding income and inspiration in its very small economy", working at The Warehouse and other labour-intensive jobs, and finding story ideas.
In 2019, Botur was featured at the Rotorua Noir Crime Writing Festival.
In mid-2019, Botur launched a programme of publishing short stories every day for 100 days on social media and encouraged other New Zealand writers to do the same. The #100NZStories100days campaign encouraged Kiwi writers to post links to flash fiction and short prose already published in literary magazines and blogs. Botur said in an NZ Book Council news story: "I have a philosophy of ‘There's no time like the present' with a lot of my publishing. Fiction writers endure many forces which delay the publication of our work when we're keen to share it with the world. Life is short and I don't think it's right that publishers and competitions will keep an author waiting up to 12 months to share their work with the world."
Botur published Loudmouth: Page and Pub Poems under the Wild West Writing imprint in December 2019 and began touring the book. Launched in Whangarei 6 December 2019, Loudmouth has been performed in Auckland, Rotorua, Tauranga and Christchurch.
Loudmouth: Page and Pub Poems has been or is scheduled to be performed at festivals including:
Rotorua Noir - 26 January 2019
Whangarei Fringe Festival - 19 October 2020.
Earth Beat Festival - 20 March 2021
In January 2021 Botur received a grant to perform Loudmouth: Page and Pub Poems and deliver creative writing workshops in Tauranga.
Botur recorded Loudmouth as an album and launched on Spotify, iTunes, Bandcamp and Amazon Music in March 2021 and an official launch in Whangarei on 1 April 2021.
Published works
Botur's published works include:
The Devil Took Her: Tales of Horror (2022)
The Lockdownland Trilogy (2022)
My Animal Family: (2021)
Moneyland: Payback (2020)
Hell of a Thing: Sixteen stories (2020)
Crimechurch (2020)
Loudmouth: page and pub poems (2019)
True? (2018)
Moneyland, a science fiction dystopian novel (2018)
Lowlife(2017)
Spitshine (2016)
Mean: short stories (2013)
Hot Bible! (2012)
His latest novel The Devil Took Her will be released by The Sager Group in 2022.
Awards
Botur's awards and nominations include:
Whangarei Flash Fiction Award - 1st Place for Dad, Here's Us
Short story Test of Death won the Australasian Horror Writers Association short story award
Crime fiction novelCrimechurch - nominated for the 2021 Ngaio Marsh Awards for New Zealand crime fiction writing.
Crimechurch - entered in the 2021 Ockham NZ Book Awards.
Short story collection Hell of a Thing - entered in the 2021 Ockham NZ Book Awards.
Novel Moneyland: Payback - nominated for the Best Youth Novel, 2021 Sir Julius Vogel Awards.
Horror stories The Writing on the Rat and The Day I Skipped School nominated for the Sir Julius Vogel Awards 2021.
Short Story Land 6-Month Competition - 1st place 2019
Whangarei Libraries Flash Fiction Competition 2019 – 2nd
Northland Short Story Award – for highest Northland place in the National Flash Fiction Day Competition
North & South Short Story Story Competition 2019 – 2nd
Whangarei Libraries Flash Fiction Comp 2015 – first and second place winner
Guest Fiction Writer (August 2014) – Tākahe magazine
Miles Hughes Award – third place in 2014
Takahe poetry competition 2012 – runner-up
Dan Davin Literary Award 2009 – highly commended
NZSA Short Story Competition 2008/09 – third place, for ‘Latter Day Lepers'
Kiwi Short Story Competition, 2009 – second place, for ‘Home D'
Her magazine Short Story Competition, 2008 – winner
F*nk short short story competition, 2005 – second
References
1984 births
Living people
New Zealand writers
People from Christchurch
University of Otago alumni
Massey University alumni
Auckland University of Technology alumni
New Zealand male poets
New Zealand male short story writers
Ghada Ali (; born May 5, 1989) is a Libyan sprinter, who specialized in the 400 metres. Ghada Ali represented Libyan Arab Jamahiriya (now Libya) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed for the women's 400 metres. She ran in the fourth heat against six other athletes, including Great Britain's Christine Ohuruogu, who eventually became an Olympic champion in the final. She finished the race in last place by 13 seconds behind Ireland's Joanne Cuddihy, with the slowest record time of 1:06.19. Ali failed to advance into the semi-finals, as she placed 50th overall, and was ranked farther below three mandatory slots for the next round.
References
External links
NBC Olympics Profile
1989 births
Living people
Libyan female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Libya
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic female sprinters
Leonaert Bramer, also Leendert or Leonard (24 December 1596 – before 10 February 1674 (date of burial)), was a Dutch painter known primarily for genre, religious, and history paintings. Very prolific as a painter and draftsman, he is noted especially for nocturnal scenes which show a penchant for exotic details of costume and setting. He also painted frescos—a rarity north of the Alps—which have not survived, as well as murals on canvas, few of which are extant. Bramer is one of the most intriguing personalities in seventeenth-century Dutch art.
Life
Bramer was born in Delft. In 1614, at the age of 18, he left on a long trip eventually reaching Rome in 1616, via Atrecht, Amiens, Paris, Aix (February 1616), Marseille, Genoa, and Livorno. In Rome he was one of the founders of the Bentvueghels group of Northern artists, and was nicknamed "Nestelghat" (Fidget). He lived with Wouter Crabeth and got into a fight with Claude Lorraine. He dedicated a poem to Wybrand de Geest. Bramer lived in Rome intermittently until October 1627, visiting Mantua and Venice, often for deliveries and to meet Domenico Fetti. In Italy Bramer acquired the sobriquet 'Leonardo della Notte' or 'Leonardo delle Notti' ('Leonardo of the night' or 'nights').
By 1628 he was back in Delft, where he joined the Guild of Saint Luke in 1629 and the schutterij. Among his many patrons were members of the House of Orange, but local burgomasters and schepen also bought his paintings in great numbers. He was a many sided artist, designing for tapestry firms in Delft, painting murals and ceilings, some of which are illusionistic in style. He painted real frescos in the Civic Guard house, the nearby stadholder's palaces in Honselersdijk, Rijswijk, the Communal Land Housde and the Prinsenhof in Delft. Due to the Dutch climate they no longer survive. In 1648 Bramer traveled to Rome for a second time.
He evidently knew the greatest of his Delft contemporaries, Johannes Vermeer, as he came to the latter's defence when his future mother-in-law was trying to prevent him from marrying her daughter.
It is possible that Vermeer received his artistic training from Bramer, although there is no documentation for this, and Bramer's dark and exotic style is unlike Vermeer's.
A lifelong bachelor, Bramer remained very productive until his death, which occurred in his home town of Delft in 1674.
Work
Bramer showed in his choice of subjects a preference for Italian rather than Dutch artistic practice. His subjects are usually mythological, allegorical, historical or biblical scenes (such as the Denial of St Peter, Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam). He stayed away from typical Dutch themes such as landscapes, still lifes, portraits and genre pieces and he rarely painted Italianate pastoral scenes popular with the Utrecht Caravaggisti.
His style is nervous, but his technique, painting the reflection of light, is very good. His famous "Album Bramer" (drawn between 1642 and 1654, now in Leiden) contains many sketches after paintings in Delft collections. He was influenced by Adam Elsheimer and the fresco painter Agostino Tassi. Upon his death, his works were offered for sale in 1674 in an advertisement in the Haarlems Dagblad, probably necessary because of the (depressed) Dutch economy:
Among his drawings, probably the most puzzling set are those he titled "Straatwerken," meaning "street works." From his inventory it is clear that the Flemish merchant and art collector Gaspar Roomer who resided in Naples owned 1500 drawings by Bramer.
Notes
Sources
Haak, B. (2003) Hollandse schilders in de Gouden Eeuw, p. 324.
Bramer, L., & Goldsmith, J. T. B. (1994). Leonaert Bramer: 1596-1674; ingenious painter and draughtsman in Rome and Delft; [monografie bij de tentoonstelling gehouden te Delft, van 9 September - 13 November 1994]. Zwolle: Waanders.
Liedtke, W. (2007) Dutch paintings in The Metropolitan Museum of Art, p. 87-89.
Liedtke, W. A., Plomp, M., Rüger, A., Metropolitan Museum of Art (New York, N.Y.), & National Gallery (Great Britain). (2001). Vermeer and the Delft school. New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Rijksmuseum (Amsterdam). (2007). Dutch paintings of the seventeenth century in the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam: Vol. 1. (Dutch paintings of the seventeenth century in the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam.) Amsterdam: Rijksmuseum.
Vermeer, J., Duparc, F. J., Wheelock, A. K., Mauritshuis (Hague, Netherlands), & National Gallery of Art (U.S.). (1995). Johannes Vermeer. Washington: National Gallery of Art.
Filippo Baldinucci's Artists in biographies by Filippo Baldinucci, 1610–1670, p. 197 Internet Archive
External links
1596 births
1674 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Dutch draughtsmen
Baroque painters
Artists from Delft
Painters from Delft
Members of the Bentvueghels
Joseph P. O'Driscoll (1899–1978) was a soldier and politician in Newfoundland. He represented Bell Island in the Newfoundland House of Assembly from 1956 to 1959.
The son of Patrick C. O'Driscoll and Margaret Dalton, he was born in St. John's and was educated at Saint Bonaventure's College. O'Driscoll married Amy Chaplin. He joined the Royal Newfoundland Regiment in 1916 and was wounded at Monchy-le-Preux. He returned to the family business in Newfoundland and later served in the Home Defence Force during World War II. O'Driscoll served as president of the St. John's Great War Veterans' Association and as provincial commander of the Royal Canadian Legion. In 1949, he was promoted to lieutenant-colonel and became head of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment.
References
1899 births
1978 deaths
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Newfoundland military personnel of World War I
Royal Newfoundland Regiment officers
Newfoundland military personnel of World War II
Royal Canadian Air Force personnel of World War II
Royal Canadian Air Force officers
The John and Sarah Sheffield House, also known as Paradise Springs Farm, in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon, is a two-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1866 as a farm house, it was added to the register in 1991. It is one of the oldest remaining homes in its neighborhood.
Located on the western slope of Mount Tabor, the house is in a residential part of the Sunnyside neighborhood. Built in a Classic Revival architectural style with Italianate decorative elements, the two-story structure was augmented in the early 20th century by two single-story additions to the rear. The original house plan is based on two gables set perpendicular to one another. Constructed of heavy timbers, the house is balloon-framed and is supported by brick columns and by timbers that rest on bricks and stones. Most of the original sash windows contain wavy glass with air bubbles. Interior features include the six original rooms, three on each floor, with ceilings that are high downstairs and high upstairs. These rooms have original baseboard with crown molding and four-panel doors. A staircase with a banister and a turned newel post connects the two levels.
History
In 1849, Perry and Elizabeth Prettyman settled a Donation Land Claim of in East Portland. In 1866, the Sheffields bought of this property from the Prettymans and built the T-shaped house, which they sold in 1872. At the time the Sheffields bought the property, East Portland was sparsely settled except for businesses along the east bank of the Willamette River. Most residents further east were farmers who lived in small cabins or were engaged in building the first homes. Though many changes occurred in the neighborhood after the house was built, the Sheffield house has retained most of its original features.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Southeast Portland, Oregon
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Portland, Oregon
Italianate architecture in Oregon
Neoclassical architecture in Oregon
Houses completed in 1866
1866 establishments in Oregon
Sunnyside, Portland, Oregon
Portland Historic Landmarks
Marion McCarthy is a former camogie player, winner of the B+I Star of the Year award in 1980. and All Ireland medals in 1978, 1980, 1982 and 1983. She won National League medals in 1984, 1986 and 1991. She is the only player in camogie history to win All Ireland medals as an outfield player and, after 1980, as a goalkeeper. She was selected as Cork camogie player of the year in 1980.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cork camogie players
Route 111 is a state highway in southwestern Connecticut, United States, running from the Merritt Parkway (Route 15) in Trumbull to Route 34 in Monroe. The junction with the Merritt Parkway is currently the only single-point urban interchange (SPUI) in the entire state.
Route description
Route 111 starts as Main Street at an intersection with the Merritt Parkway (Route 15) in Trumbull, just north of the Bridgeport city line. South of Route 15, Main Street continues for another to the Bridgeport line as an unsigned state highway with designation State Road 731 and provides access to the Westfield Trumbull mall. Route 111 proceeds north, traveling near Island Brook Park, before intersecting Route 127 about north of Route 15. Route 111 continues north, paralleling Route 25 through the Long Hill section of Trumbull, then turns northeast to intersecting Route 25. Beyond the junction with Route 25, Route 111 is known as the Monroe Turnpike, which heads on a northerly track towards Monroe. It passes by the Century Plaza shopping center in Monroe and intersects Route 110 at the town center. It continues north, reaching its end at Route 34 in the Stevenson section of Monroe.
History
The road from Trumbull to Stevenson via Monroe center was chartered as a turnpike in May 1826 and was formally known as the Monroe and Zoar Bridge Turnpike. Operations of the turnpike continued through 1852 when the portion north of Monroe center was discontinued. At that time, the road from Bridgeport to Trumbull was already a toll road known as the Bridgeport and Newtown Turnpike, connecting its namesake towns and had been in operation since 1801.
In 1922, the former Monroe and Zoar Bridge Turnpike (more commonly known as simply the Monroe Turnpike) became part of the Connecticut state highway system. It was given the designation State Highway 308 and ran from modern Route 25 to modern Route 34. The continuation into Bridgeport, which would later become Route 25, was at the time part of State Highway 122.
Modern Route 111 was created in the 1932 state highway renumbering from old State Highway 308. In 1982, with the opening of the Route 25 freeway, the former southern section of Route 25 within Trumbull was reassigned to Route 111, while the portion in Bridgeport reverted to the town.
Major intersections
References
Monroe, Connecticut
Trumbull, Connecticut
111
Transportation in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Tianzifang or Tianzi Fang (; Shanghainese: Die Tz Fån) is a touristic arts and crafts enclave that has developed from a renovated traditional residential area in the French Concession area of Shanghai. It is now home to boutique shops, bars and restaurants.
Overview
The district comprises a neighborhood of labyrinthine alleyways off Taikang Road (), a short street which is today mostly known only for Tianzi Fang. Tianzi Fang is known for small craft stores, coffee shops, trendy art studios and narrow alleys. It has become a popular tourist destination in Shanghai, and an example of preservation of local Shikumen architecture. It is sometimes compared to Xintiandi, though in the latter precinct most of the houses were demolished and rebuilt, rather than renovated.
Tianzi Fang is largely hidden from the neighbouring streets, as it grew from the inside of the block outward, although there are now shops on Taikang Road itself. Historically Lane #248 was a key entrance that, in order to gain access to the commercially developed area, required walking about 50m through whilst be surrounded by local residents' life, including bicycles, hanging laundry, etc. until finally emerging in the 'new' area.
History
"Tianzifang" is actually the name given to this old alley by the painter Huang Yongyu a few years ago. According to historical records, "Tian Zifang" is an ancient Chinese painter. The former small factories on the streets, the abandoned warehouses in the alleys, and the ordinary houses in Shikumen Lane are painted with the color of "Soho" and more artistic.
The neighborhood centres on a block of Shikumen residential development dating from 1933. The shikumen complex was named "Zhicheng Fang", where "Zhicheng" meant "realisation of ambition" while "Fang" meant "neighbourhood" and was a common suffix for shikumen estates. Today's Tianzi Fang precinct covers not only the former Zhicheng Fang, but also other adjoining houses, apartments and industrial buildings of various styles.
Located near the eastern end of the Zhaojiabang canal and the southern edge of the Shanghai French Concession, it was in the relatively downmarket part of the Concession. In 1954, the canal was filled in and the former canal basin became a busy transport interchange. Zhicheng Fang remained an ordinary residential neighbourhood until the last quarter of the 20th century, when the cheap rent but convenient location attracted artists to set up studios there. In 1998, the formerly busy wet market on Taikang Road was moved indoors. In 2001, the precinct was redesignated an artistic and creative quarter, drawing on its former popularity with artists. At the same time, the whole precinct was given the name "Tianzi Fang", a pun on Tian Zifang, a figure from the Warring States period and often referred to as China's earliest recorded artist. In 2006 it was slated for demolition to make way for redevelopment. Opposition among local business owners and residents, as well as a famous artist Chen Yifei who had a studio in Tianzifang, in addition to a group submitted a proposal to the local government to preserve the Taikang Road area and its traditional architecture and ambience.
Rezoning of Tianzi Fang into a tourist precinct began in 2005/2006 with nearby art schools and studios, and later small international business owners found out about Tianzi Fang through the local grapevine. Its development began very slowly with local merchants, a New Zealand store, Japanese restaurants, and a tea house setting up in the district. From the beginning of 2007, journalists, visitors and local residents began to visit the area and spread the word about a cosy little lane district that housed some interesting and creative businesses. Additional articles in both local and foreign media such as the New York Times helped increase awareness of this older and unusual community, that stood out among the more modern and commercial shopping areas of Shanghai.
Today
Tianzi fang is located in one of the most expensive areas in Shanghai. It has become a major tourist attraction and has more than 200 diverse small businesses such as cafes, bars, restaurants, art galleries, craft stores, design houses and studios, and even French bistros. It is adjacent to the SML center which is among the largest shopping malls in Shanghai upon completion. It is also near the Shanghai Metro Line 9's Dapuqiao Station which is immediately to the south.
Despite all the businesses selling trendy craft and some foreign goods, the area does not have the look of having been overly beautified - electricity cables are still strung overhead, and air conditioning units are obvious on the outside of the buildings. The district is distinctly different from Xintiandi, another Shikumen redevelopment in central Shanghai further to the northeast, in that it has managed to preserve its residential feel, adding to its appeal.
See also
Shikumen
Xintiandi
50 Moganshan Road
798 Art Zone
References
External links
Map of Tianzifang
TripAdvisor reviews
Neighbourhoods of Shanghai
Tourist attractions in Shanghai
Culture in Shanghai
Landmarks in Shanghai
Shopping districts and streets in China
Art gallery districts
David M. Viti (born September 28, 1939) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, mostly as a wide receiver but also as a defensive back. He won the Grey Cup with the Tiger-Cats in 1963, 1965 and 1967. From 1962 to 1969, Viti caught 84 passes for 1237 yards and a 14.7 yard per catch average, his best year being 1963 with 27 catches. From 1963 to 1969, he played all 14 regular season games except 2 in 1964. He played college football at Boston University.
References
1939 births
Sportspeople from Providence, Rhode Island
Players of American football from Providence, Rhode Island
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
The 2001 Akron Zips football team represented Akron University in the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season; they competed in the Mid-American Conference. They were led by seventh–year head coach Lee Owens. The Zips played their home games at the Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio. They were outscored by their opponents 281–360 and finished with a record of 4 wins and 7 losses (4–7).
Schedule
Roster
References
Akron
Akron Zips football seasons
Akron Zips football
The 2020 United States presidential election in Nebraska was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Nebraska voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Nebraska has five electoral votes in the Electoral College, two from the state at large, and one each from the three congressional districts.
Located in the conservative Great Plains, Nebraska is one of the most reliably Republican states in the country, having backed the Democratic presidential nominee only once since 1936, during Lyndon B. Johnson's 1964 landslide, and having gone to the Republican nominee by a double-digit margin in every presidential election since. However, Nebraska is one of two states, the other being Maine, to allocate its electoral votes by congressional district. A candidate receives one electoral vote for each district won while the statewide winner receives an additional two electoral votes. Ever since Nebraska first adopted this system in 1992, in practice the Republican nominee has almost always won all three districts, and hence all the state's electoral votes. The first time it split its electoral votes came in 2008 when Barack Obama carried Nebraska's 2nd congressional district, anchored by Omaha, and thus received one electoral vote from the state despite losing statewide. The 2nd district returned to the Republican column in the following two elections, but in 2020 it was considered a key battleground.
Trump carried Nebraska statewide by 19 points on Election Day, down from 25 points in 2016. Biden was able to flip the 2nd district, carrying it by 6.6 points, the best Democratic performance since Nebraska first adopted its system of allocation by district, and the first time in this period that the district has voted more Democratic than the nation. Trump received the state's other four electoral votes. Prior to the election, all news organizations declared Nebraska a safe red state, while most organizations viewed the 2nd district as either Lean Biden or a tossup. This was the first election in which both Nebraska and Maine would officially split their electoral votes.
Biden won only the two most populous counties in the state - Douglas County, home to Omaha, by 11 points, approximately the same margin Lyndon B. Johnson won the county with in 1964 and the best result for Democrats since that election, and Lancaster County, home to the state's second largest city and state capital Lincoln, where the University of Nebraska is located, by just under 8 points, another 56-year high for Democrats. While he didn't win the state's third largest - Sarpy County, a growing suburban county to the south of Omaha, which in all presidential elections from 1968 to 2016 except 2008 had backed the Republican candidate by at least 21 points, he reduced Trump's winning margin to only 11 points and won 43 percent of the vote there, again a 56-year best for Democrats. Biden also received more than 40 percent of the vote in two counties in the northeastern corner of the state - Thurston County with a Native American majority, and Dakota County with a large Hispanic population.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in Nebraska came from whites, who comprised 90% of the electorate, and specifically from Protestants with 70%. Post-election, many rural Nebraskans expressed worries about trade and the economy under a Biden presidency, with 59% of voters stating they trusted Trump more to handle international trade.
Joe Biden improved on Hillary Clinton's performance in Nebraska as he did in most of the other states. Nebraska was one of 43 states where the Democratic nominee received a greater proportion of the two-party vote than in the prior election.
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on May 12, 2020.
Republican primary
Donald Trump was declared the winner in the Republican primary, and thus received all of Nebraska's 36 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
Joe Biden was declared the winner in the Democratic primary.
Libertarian primary
Jo Jorgensen was declared the winner of the Libertarian primary and went on to win the LP nomination.
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Aggregate polls
Statewide
in Nebraska's 1st congressional district
in Nebraska's 2nd congressional district
Electoral slates
These slates of electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidate win the state:
Results
As expected, Trump easily carried the state at large. However, because Nebraska (along with Maine) allocates its remaining electoral votes by congressional district, Joe Biden was able to win an electoral vote from Nebraska's second district, which covers the increasingly liberal Omaha metro area. Barack Obama also won the same district in 2008 before it went back to the Republican column in 2012 and 2016.
By county
By congressional district
Trump won two of Nebraska's three congressional districts.
Notes
Partisan clients
See also
United States presidential elections in Nebraska
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Nebraska
2020
Presidential
The posterior ligament is thin and membranous, and consists of transverse and oblique fibers.
Above, it is attached to the humerus immediately behind the capitulum and close to the medial margin of the trochlea, to the margins of the olecranon fossa, and to the back of the lateral epicondyle some little distance from the trochlea.
Below, it is fixed to the upper and lateral margins of the olecranon, to the posterior part of the annular ligament, and to the ulna behind the radial notch.
The transverse fibers form a strong band which bridges across the olecranon fossa; under cover of this band a pouch of synovial membrane and a pad of fat project into the upper part of the fossa when the joint is extended.
In the fat are a few scattered fibrous bundles, which pass from the deep surface of the transverse band to the upper part of the fossa.
This ligament is in relation, behind, with the tendon of the Triceps brachii and the Anconæus.
References
Ligaments
Upper limb anatomy
Kotanlı, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Five Points may refer to:
Places
Canada
The northern half of Oakwood-Vaughan, neighborhood in Toronto, Ontario
United States
Alabama:
Five Points, Alabama, a town
Five Points South Historic District, Birmingham, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Jefferson County
Five Points Historic District (Huntsville, Alabama), NRHP-listed
Five Points, California
Five Points, Denver, Colorado
Florida:
Five Points, Florida
Five Points (Jacksonville), Florida
Georgia:
Five Points (Athens), Georgia
Five Points, Atlanta, Georgia
Five Points station, Atlanta, Georgia
Little Five Points, community east of downtown Atlanta, Georgia
Five Points, Indiana (disambiguation), multiple locations
Five Points, Iowa
Five Points, Michigan (disambiguation), multiple locations
Five Points, Minnesota
Five Points, Trenton, New Jersey
Five Points, Manhattan, New York
North Carolina:
Five Points, North Carolina
Five Points, Franklin County, North Carolina
Five Points Historic District (Albemarle)
Five Points Historic Neighborhoods (Raleigh)
Five Points, Ohio (disambiguation), multiple locations
Five Points, Pennsylvania (disambiguation), multiple locations
Five Points (Columbia, South Carolina)
Five Points, Texas
Five Points, West Virginia
Five Points, Wisconsin (disambiguation), multiple locations
Five Points Historic District (disambiguation), multiple locations
Other uses
Five Points, a literary journal published by Georgia State University, named after the area in Atlanta
Five Points (TV series), 2018
Five Points Gang, Manhattan
Quincunx, a geometric pattern consisting of five points arranged in a cross
Five dots tattoo
See also
5 Pointz, former warehouse and mural venue in Queens, New York City
Five points determine a conic
Five Points Correctional Facility, Romulus, New York
Five Points of Calvinism
Le Corbusier's Five Points of Architecture
Five-point electoral law
Five Point Plans
Five-point stencil
Five Corners (disambiguation)
The 5 Point Cafe
Quadripoints and higher
Dawid Kellerman is a South African rugby union player for the in the Currie Cup. His regular position is centre.
Kellerman was named in the side for their Round 7 match of the 2020–21 Currie Cup Premier Division against the . He made his debut in the same fixture, starting the match at inside centre.
References
South African rugby union players
Living people
Rugby union centres
Blue Bulls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bulls (rugby union) players
Mie Honda Heat players
Rugby sevens players at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Llanhilleth () is a village, community and an electoral ward on the A467 road between Ebbw Vale and Crumlin in Blaenau Gwent, Wales.
Two large mounds in the field behind the Carpenter's Arms are the remains of the medieval Llanhilleth castle which originally had two large, stone-built towers.
Part of the Monmouthshire Canal ran through the parish; the Ebbw River forms the western boundary of the parish.
The twin-belled Church in Wales church of St Mark is located on Brooklyn Terrace, near the High Street junction. It is in the benefice of Abertillery with Cwmtillery with Llanhilleth with Six Bells, in the deanery of Pontypool, and was built in 1898.
Nearby are the villages of Aberbeeg and St Illtyd, within the community, the latter of which contains the former parish church. In the far south of the community is the village of Swffryd.
Facilities
The village contains the Miners Institute, which provides many essential ceremonies for locals, such as Weddings, Christenings and Funeral Receptions. The building is connected to St. Illtyd's Primary School, which supplies for ages 3 to 11.
The Llanhilleth Rugby Club sits along a road sprouting off the A467, at the entrance from Crumlin.
See also
Llanhilleth railway station, reopened in 2008
External links
Llanhilleth Miners Institute
Llanhilleth Rugby Club
Llanhilleth Colliery
Contemporary photos of Llanhilleth
References
Villages in Blaenau Gwent
Wards of Blaenau Gwent
Communities in Blaenau Gwent
The men's discus throw at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 2 and 3 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Qualification
2 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 20 athletes from 12 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
References
Discus throw
Discus throw at the European Athletics Championships
Gleb Semyonovich Shishmaryov (; 1781 - November 3, 1835, Saint Petersburg) was a rear admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy. He is reputed for having surveyed the then little-known coast of Alaska as navigator. In 1815–1818 he accompanied Otto von Kotzebue on his voyage to Alaska and around the world.
In 1820 Shishmaryov returned to Alaska in command of the ship Blagonamerennyi (Good Intent), accompanied by Lt. Mikhail Nikolaevich Vasiliev (1770–1847) on the ship Otkrytie (Discovery). Shishmaref and Vasiliev
entered the Chukchi Sea and explored the coast of Alaska from Kotzebue Sound to Icy Cape and later from Norton Sound to Cape Newenham.
The name of this Russian explorer is sometimes transliterated as "Shishmaref" in the United States; the town of Shishmaref, Alaska, and the Shishmaref Inlet have been named after him.
References
1781 births
1835 deaths
Chukchi Sea
Russian America
Imperial Russian Navy admirals
Russian and Soviet polar explorers
Explorers from the Russian Empire
19th-century people of the Russian Empire
Blue anemone is a common name for closely related species of plants:
In Europe: Anemonoides apennina
In North America: Anemonoides oregana
Anemonoides
is a PlayStation Portable role-playing video game for the series. Other ones include Shining Tears and Shining Wind. It was adapted into an anime miniseries Shining Hearts: Shiawase no Pan.
Gameplay
The player controls four characters for the team. The ocean serves as a major part with the ship, and serves as a home. While it starts off in a ragged state, the player can build up with new functions to travel through islands. The player can roam the island, take part in many activities, and progress through story missions or take on side quests. The player collects materials for baking, forging and fishing. The player can work through the story and help villagers for quests to collect Hearts. These can be given to Kaguya to help her return her emotions. After restoring her emotions, Kaguya's spirit stone releases "Heart Keys", which can open doors to new worlds for new stories. Hearts have a parameter indicating how people feel about the characters. In response to their actions, they release any type of colours with feelings. By collecting them, the player can bring about changes to the setting and world, and expand the journey to new areas. Hearts can be used in battle. It is possible to use Hearts when preparing bread at the bakery. One method for collecting Hearts is through the Mind Over Emotion System. During conversation, the player can select a response under constraint of time. Depending on the selection, the conversation partner can release Hearts indicating their reaction. Their favor for characters can change accordingly. There is more than one in the game, and one of them being the "Battle MOE" System. Battle MOE is a group attack system. The player receives a chance to pair up with one of them for groups. Depending on the selections, the player can get different moves. Some group attacks result in heal spells and in group attacks among others. Emotional characters can change during combat. They can perform team attacks for the player to release Red Hearts. Any unselected characters will release Blue Hearts.
Plot
Story
Kaguya, an amnesic girl washed ashore, meets a swordsman Rick. The peaceful island of Wyndaria is invaded by pirates who seek the pendant. Knowing the situation, Rick plans to restore her memory.
Characters
: A male swordsman who is drifted to the island of Wyndaria. He works with a trio of sisters at the bakery.
, , : A trio of sisters working in the bakery, they have a unique style of baking.
: A mysterious girl who was washed ashore the island of Wyndaria after the storm. She suffers amnesia and along with them, her emotions. Soon after meeting Rick, the pirates seek the amulet necklace Kaguya is wearing.
: Princess of Wynderia. She is kind and gentle, and due to her interest in tea and herbs, she appears in the palace garden. She takes a great interest in Rick and his party.
: Prince of Wynderia, and Rufina's elder brother. He can often be seen dealing with herbs in the palace garden. He serves as a guide for Rick.
: Rufina's maid. She belongs to the beast race. She is an expert with blades, and keeps a good store underneath her dress and in a bag.
: A fickle black cat pirate and a member of the beast race. She runs an antique shop. Her nickname is "Black Tail".
: One of the forest elves with the ability to control spirits. After hearing the warning of an approaching change in the world, he meets Rick. In battle, he uses a bow and magic. He is meant to support from the back line with pride.
: A ice witch living in a mansion near the village. because she is not fond of people and likes the night, she stays inside. Rick ends up in the company of Melty as he searches for the ingredients for creating "extreme ice cream." In battle, all Melty's special attacks are ice cream based. She uses her partner, Sorbet, to absorb her damage.
: Melty's familiar spirit.
: The pirate captain of a group, Arc Buccaneers.
: A female pirate.
Kaguya's robot partner.
Development and release
The music of the game is composed by Hiroki Kikuta. The game was released on December 16, 2010 in Japan. The song, entitled , sung by Lia, was released on December 15, 2010. The soundtrack was released on January 26, 2011.
Reception
Anime adaptation
References
External links
Shining (series)
Japan-exclusive video games
PlayStation Portable-only games
Role-playing video games
Sega video games
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games scored by Hiroki Kikuta
2010 video games
PlayStation Portable games
Video games developed in Japan
The Ministry of Justice of Kyrgyzstan is a Kyrgyz government ministry tasked with developing the judicial system in Kyrgyzstan.
Functions and Duties
Since 1940, the ministry's responsibilities included the following:
Management courts of the judicial system, criminal, civil and procedural provisions of the Code of execution of mergers and acquisitions, as well as to control the availability of judicial practice
Organizing judicial of elections, the organization of courts and judges to guide the organizational and economic services;
Instructing and supervising judicial institutions
Management of court cases
The supervision and implementation of laws
History
It was created in 1927 as the People's Commissar of Justice. At the end of the Second World War, it became known as the Ministry of Justice of the Kyrgyz SSR. The ministry was reorganized in 1970, and by 1991, it underwent another reorganization upon the independence of Kyrgyzstan from the USSR.
List of ministers
A complete list of ministers of justice since 1927:
People's Justice Commissioner of the Kyrgyz SSR
Tashmuhamed Khudaiberganov (1927-1929)
Alexander Jolomanov (1929 -1934)
People's Commissar of Justice of the USSR
Karatal (1935-1937)
Anatoly Shulgin (1939-1940)
Sergey Klimov (1940-1942)
Ali Mammadov Safar Hussein Zade (1942-1943)
Minister of Justice of the RSFSR
Ivan Lavrenkov (1945-1949)
Rashid Tashkulov (1949-1952)
Khodzhent Shamenov (1953-1958)
Mukhtarbek Zhumabaev (1970-1980)
Jumabek Abakirov (1981-1983)
Askar Abdıraliev (1983-1986)
Madan Alymbekov (1986-1989)
Busurmankul Tabaldiev (1989-1991)
Minister of Justice of the Kyrgyz Republic
Usup Mukambaev (1992-1993)
Cholponbaev Şaltakoviç (1993-1995)
Larisa Gutnichenko (1995-1998)
Nelja Bejshenalieva (1998-2001)
James Abdrakhmanov (2001-2002)
Ilya Daniyar (2002)
Kurmanbek Ergeshovich (2002-2004)
Nelja Bejshenalieva (2004-2005)
Marat Kayipov (2005-2008)
Nurlan Tursunkulov (2008-2009)
Abdiev Abdievich (2009-2010)
Aida Salyanova (2010)
Abylai Mukhamedzhanov (2010-2011)
Almambet Shykmamatov (2011-2015)
Jyldyz Mambetaliyeva (2015-2016)
Uran Akhmetov (2016-2018)
Ainur Abdildaeva (2018-present)
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Kyrgyzstan
References
Justice ministries
Government of Kyrgyzstan
Ivan and Alexandra (, translit. 1952: Ivan i Aleksandra) is a 1989 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ivan Nitchev. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Kliment Corbadziev as Ivan
Simeon Savov as Moni
Monika Budjonova as Aleksandra
Bashar Rahal as Cvetan
Tomina Lazova as Svetla
Boris Chuchkov as Krasimir
Ivan Trichkov as Ogi
Maria Statoulova as Maykata na Aleksandra
Andrei Andreyev as Bashtata na Aleksandra
Maria Naydenova as Maykata ha Ivan
Hristo Garbov as Bashtata na Ivan
Mariana Krumova as Druzhinnata
Silvia Vargova as Maykata na Krasimir
Minka Syulemezova as Klasnata
Svetla Angelova as Mariya
Filip Trifonov as Ochilatiyat
References
External links
1989 films
Bulgarian drama films
Bulgarian-language films
1989 drama films
Films directed by Ivan Nitchev
Smolenskaya () is a station on the Arbatsko–Pokrovskaya line of the Moscow Metro. It was built in 1953 to replace an older station of the same name, though that one was later reopened as part of the Filyovskaya line. The two stations are not connected.
Smolenskaya has square, white marble columns with fluted corners, decorative cornices, and ventilation grilles concealed behind ornamental sconces. At the end of the platform is a bas-relief by G.I. Motovilov entitled "The Defenders of Russia," which depicts soldiers of the Red Army in battle. The architects of the station were Igor Rozhin and G. P. Yakovlev. At 50 m below the surface, Smolenskaya was the deepest station on the line until Park Pobedy opened in 2003.
From 22 February 2020 to 9 July 2021, the station was closed for reconstruction due to the replacement of escalators.
There is no direct transfer to Smolenskaya planned, but there is an out-of-system transfer to it. A direct transfer to Plyushchika on the Kalininsko-Solntsevskaya line is planned.
Gallery
References
External links
metro.ru
mymetro.ru
KartaMetro.info – Station location and exits on Moscow map (English/Russian)
Moscow Metro stations
Railway stations in Russia opened in 1953
Railway stations closed in 2020
Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya Line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
Khamovniki District
Winterplay (Korean: 윈터플레이）is a pop-jazz artist from South Korea currently consisting of one member: Juhan Lee as producer, songwriter and trumpet player. Winterplay debuted in 2007 and has 4 full albums out, with the last album titled, “Jazz Cookin'” 2019 (https://vibe.naver.com/album/2903136). Juhan created the project in November 2007 and by 2008, Juhan succeeded signing an International distribution deal with Universal Music Japan for worldwide distribution. (From 2008 to 2015 the band included the lead vocalist Haewon (Haewon Moon / Moon Hye-won), with bassist Eunkyu So (So Eun Kyu) and guitarist Saza-Woojoon Choi as supporting members.) Winterplay has not only earned attention from Korea, but also creating waves in Japan and rest of the world as a first leader of "Jazz Hallyu". Debuting in 2007, Juhan Lee is a producer, songwriter and trumpet player. His latest jazz ballad, “Gganbu (067 & 240)” was inspired by Netflix Drama “Squid Games” featuring the Korean instrument, Haegum. Winterplay was the Music Show Runner for International Jazz Day 2022, which was funded by the City of Seoul, and produced by Loudpigs Music, where he also served as the music producer. In the 90 mins show, Winterplay hosted the show, performed under the band he formed for the International Jazz Day 2022 occasion and directed over 30 jazz musicians in 4 venues in Seoul.
History
In 2008, Winterplay was charted No. 1 in the jazz section of iTunes, and became the first Asian artist to perform at Billboard Live in Japan. Since his first international debut in Japan in 2009 with his Songs of Colored Love album, he has released in 26 countries worldwide, with an international release showcase in London in 2010. Currently, Winterplay has 2 Gold Records in the category of Jazz in Korea for “Hot Summerplay”, and in Hong Kong for his second album Sunshines. The Sunshines album release in Hong Kong's record franchise HMV, ranked no. 1 for the best-selling jazz album.
In 2013, Winterplay was invited to Jade Solid Gold, one of the most prestigious music shows in Hong Kong. He was the first musician to be featured from abroad.
In 2014, Winterplay was invited to “The Sky Jazz: A Tribute to King” set to open on December 20 in Bangkok along with several big-name global musicians such as the Count Basie Orchestra, Larry Carlton, John Pizzarelli and Diane Schuur. Except for some Thai musicians, Winterplay was the only Asian band to perform in this festival.
His third album titled Two Fabulous Fools was released in Korea on July 17, 2013. As of October, 2013, Universal Music Hong Kong has also signed Winterplay for his release of Two Fabulous Fools in Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Macau, Thailand, Singapore and Indonesia.
Winterplay released his fourth album titled " Jazz Cookin' " in Korea on March, 2019.
Music Style
The genre of Winterplay's music is on the borders between jazz, pop, latin, and lounge. Unlike typical jazz songs dependent on piano, the strength of Winterplay's music is the pop feeling, strong melody, and short length without piano. Their jazz style is influenced by Louis Armstrong and it was decided to fuse their love of pop and jazz.
Band members
Juhan Lee - producer, songwriter, jazz trumpeter
Discography
Tours and Concerts
Korea and International
"Soul of Seoul Celebrates International Jazz Day 2022", Online Concert (April, 2022)
"VISTAGE Voice 1 - Let's Get Lost with Winterplay", Vista Walkerhill Seoul (August, 2019)
"Jazz Cookin' - DJ Soulscape Curated 12", Hyundai Card Understage, Seoul (April, 2019)
"Nonstop Summer Fever - Curated 24" , Hyundai Card Understage, Seoul (July, 2016)
"Jazz Concert" Macao Cultural Centre (December, 2015)
"Nonstop Jazz Fever", LG Art Hall, Seoul (April, 2014)
"Jazz World Live Series" , Hong Kong (December, 2012)
Japan Sunset Live Festival, Japan (September, 2011)
Japan Hayama Tribute to Bill Evans, in Japan, Japan (August, 2011)
Sapporo International Jazz Festival, Japan (July, 2011)
Hong Kong Summer Jazz Festival 2011, Hong Kong (May, 2011)
Mister Kelley's, Osaka (March, 2011)
Tour Concert in Japan "2011 Spring Tour", Toured 13 cities in Japan from North to South (March, 2011)
Tour Concer in Japan "Scene of Winter", Sendai, Iwaki, Kanai, Tokyo, Osaka, Shimonoeki (November, 2010)
JZ Brat Jazz Club, Tokyo (November 2010)
Worldwide Release Party and Showcase in London, England (September, 2010)
Thames Festival Concert, England (September, 2010)
Live Tour in Japan, Blue Note Nagoya (September, 2010)
Live Tour in Japan, Blues Alley Tokyo (September, 2010)
Japan Kanazawa Jazz Festival, Japan (September, 2010)
Billboard Live Concert in Japan, Tokyo and Osaka (November, 2009)
Korea Philippines 60 Years Friendship Concert in Manila, Philippines (September, 2009)
1st Showcase in Japan, Rolling Stone in Roppongi, Tokyo (June, 2009)
Tokyo Asia Music Market Representing Korea, Japan (October, 2008)
References
South Korean musical groups
Musical groups established in 2007
2007 establishments in South Korea
Jazz-pop musicians
South Korean jazz ensembles
Tattaguine (or Tataguine) is a town in the west of Senegal. It is also the name of the rural community.
Religion and toponymy
Tattaguine derives its name from a bird called Tatta or Tat in the Serer language. According to Serer mythology, prior to human habitation of this locality, it was these birds that lived there. The word Guine is the name of the bird's egg, i.e. the nesting of these birds.
Several Serer religious festivals and customs are observed in Tattaguine. The Ndut rite of passage (the circumcision rite for boys) is just one of many rituals that are observed. It is in this rite that they receive their education about the cosmos and the paranormal world. The classical Ndut teachings prepare boys to be brave and honourable men. The Ndut (nest) is the hut where they receive their education. It is also the place they develop their artistic skills : singing, dancing and composing songs which are religious in nature (see Njuup). The initiation usually takes place at night around a camp fire, where they are taught about the mysteries of the Universe, Serer medicine, etc.
Serer religion and culture forbids the circumcision of girls (FGM). Serer girls receive their initiation by tattooing of the gum. There is also the Bok ceremony for young married women. This is a fertility rite.
The Misse is a religious dance. It takes place once year in April which coincides with the Raan festival. It is a dance that implores the Serer deities for rain in order to have good harvest. It is sometimes referred to as the rain dance by some scholars. Somewhat similar to Misse is the Xooy or Khoy ceremony. The Xooy is not a dance but a religious ceremony where the Serer priestly class (the Saltigues) gather once a year to divine the future and the rainy season.
History
Tattaguine is one of the old Serer countries though much younger than the historic and spiritual village of Yaboyabo. In Serer medieval and dynastic history, Tattaguine, which was in the pre-colonial Serer Kingdom of Sine was partnered with Ngouye because of their geographical affinity hence Ngouye-Tattaguine. Ngouye-Tattaguine gained particular prominence in the latter part of the 14th century, during the reigne of Maad a Sinig Diessanou Faye (king of Sine). It was one of the royal villages at that time. Diessanou Faye was the cousin and brother in law of Jaraff Boureh Gnilane Joof founder of the Royal House of Boureh Gnilane Joof, the first royal house founded by the Joof family.
During France's colonization of Senegal, old Tattaguine was divided due to population growth. This demarcation led to the creation of new localities : i.e. Tattaguine-Sérère (or Tattaguine-Serer) and Tattaguine-Mbabara (Tattaguine-Bambara). The division of the old Tattaguine created Tattaguine-Sérère founded in 1901. Its first chief as of 1901 was Ngor Tine. The first chief of Tattaguine-Mbabara was Thierkoro Diakhate (also the same year). Since the division, position for the chief has become hereditary.
Administration
Tattaguine is the chief town of the Tattaguine Arrondissement in the Fatick Department, which lies within the Fatick Region of Senegal.
Geography
The closest localities are Yaboyabo (a holy place), Mbefel, Gaskor, Mboudaye Sek, Ndiefer and Gaolamboura Diarab.
Population
Tattaguine's population consists mostly of the Serer people, the original inhabitants of this area. They make up 99% of the total population. Other groups include the Bambara people.
According to the site of PEPAM (Programme d'eau potable et d'assainissement du Millénaire ( 2012), the rural community of Tattaguine consists of 22,561 people and 2,552 houses. That is equivalent to 2423 people for 274 homes. As of May 2003, the estimated population was 20394.
Economic activities
This Serer country used to be green and fertile, however, the peanut-monoculture has led to a decline in agricultural production and income. The main activity is seasonal subsistence farming. Crops grown include: millet, groundnut, cowpea (beans), watermelon, peppers, sorrel, bissap and tomato.
Personalities
Philippe seck NGOM of Ngohé Ndoffongor is the current president of the rural community
Doudou Diop, the former director of Ngohé Secco Primary School (French: l'école primaire de Ngohé Secco)
Babacar Ndiaye, the former director of El Hadji Moustapha Sarr Primary School of Tattaguine (Fr. l'école primaire El Hadji Moustapha Sarr de Tattaguine'')
References
External links
Communaute Rurale de Tattaguine "Données sociodémographiques" (Retrieved : 13 July 2012)
Fallingrain : Maps, weather and airports for Tataguine (Retrieved : 13 July 2012)
PEPAM : La communauté rurale de Tattaguine sur le site du PEPAM (Retrieved : 13 July 2012)
PEPAM "Localité de Tattaguine Serere" [in] PEPAM (Retrieved : 13 July 2012)
Project of « Terre des Hommes Association » Développement rural intégré. Tattaguine, Sénégal (Retrieved : 13 July 2012)
Serer holy places
Villages in Senegal
Rural communities of Senegal
Arrondissements of Senegal
Populated places in Fatick Region
Thaniniram is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Muhammad Assam. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Jose Prakash and Sankaradi. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Prabhakaran
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Gopalan Master
Vijayasree as Radha
Jose Prakash as Mathai/Mathew Philip
Sankaradi as Vaidyan
K. P. Ummer as Tank Madhavan
Sadhana as Menaka
Usharani as Vasanthy
Meena as Insane lady
Paravoor Bharathan as Kozhi Krishnan/Aathmanantha Guru Swami
N. Govindankutty as Aadu Veladuyhan
T. S. Muthaiah as P. K. Warrier
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Subhadra
Adoor Bhasi as Vishvambharan
Pattom Sadan as Sukumarankutty
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma and P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Auguste Angellier (1 July 1848 – 28 February 1911) was the first teacher of language and English literature at the Faculté de Lettres of Lille, before becoming its dean from 1897 to 1900. A literary critic and historian of literature, he was also a poet, and made sensation at the Sorbonne attacking the theories of Hippolyte Taine in his thesis about Robert Burns in 1893.
Biography and career
Early life and education
Auguste Angellier was born on 1 July 1848 in Dunkerque in the department of Nord, to a carpenter father and a secretary mother. He was educated in Boulogne-sur-Mer after the precocious death of his father. His attachment to this town had never denied. He then prepared the contest of the École Normale Supérieure at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris in 1866. During the written and oral test of the exam, he was rejected from the high school by the head teacher who considers him, wrongly by others, as a leader of a rebellion movement concerning the bad quality of the food. This disastrous episode of his education forced him to leave to England, due to a lack of financial resources, where he received a job offer of a teacher in a small boarding school.
Early career and later training
Engaged as a volunteer during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870, he moved to Lyon and then to Bordeaux. A serious breathing infection forced him to go back to Paris, during the Commune, and at the end of the war, he was named repeater at the Lycée Louis-Descartes. He was finally allowed to enter in the Instruction Publique. He graduated soon after.
Accepted at a certificate for English teaching, two years later, he taught as a repeater for three years, a required period at that time before registering to prepare the agrégation. He graduated with this contest at the age of 28, and taught right after at the Lycée Charlemagne in Paris, until his departure to England in 1878.
Poetry and English teaching
Angellier cultivated numerous literary friendships, and developed his sensitivity as a poet. His reputation came better in his academic work than in his poetry work. Until that period, he hesitated between journalism and teaching, but this leave just accorded to him permitted him to become interested at the reform project in the study of modern languages in France, through the study of the system in the English universities.
In 1881, a job of Maître de conférences in Douai, gave him the opportunity of a brilliant career as an English teacher (the Faculté de Lettres of Douai was transferred to Lille in 1887). Twelve years later, he made two theses, each one dedicated to a poet : the major thesis to Scottish poet Robert Burns, and an additional thesis to John Keats, entirely written in Latin. Even the quotations of the poems by Keats were written in Latin.
Since then, Angellier held the title of professor. He was also the president of the jury at the agrégation of English from 1890 to 1904, and since February 1897, he became the dean with several responsibilities. In 1902, he returned as a Maître de conférences at the École Normale Supérieure and went back to Lille in 1904.
Death
Auguste Angellier died on 28 February 1911, in Boulogne-sur-Mer.
External links
Official site of the Bibliothèque Angellier
1848 births
1911 deaths
French literary critics
19th-century French poets
University of Lille Nord de France faculty
People from Dunkirk
French male poets
19th-century French male writers
French male non-fiction writers
The 2017–18 EFL Trophy, known as the Checkatrade Trophy for sponsorship reasons, was the 35th season in the history of the competition, a knock-out tournament for English football clubs in League One and League Two of the English football system, and also including 16 Premier League and Championship "B teams" with Category One status after the previous season's trial format was extended.
Following the new format introduced in 2016–17, 64 teams entered the competition, including first time entries from the academy teams of Manchester City, Newcastle United and Tottenham Hotspur, who all declined to enter in the previous season. Coventry City were the reigning champions, but were eliminated in the group stage on 7 November.
Participating clubs
48 clubs from League One and League Two.
16 invited Category One Academy teams.
Category One teams relegated to League One missed out on having academies participate in the following tournament.
Notes
Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United declined to participate.
Eligibility criteria for players
For EFL clubs; a minimum of 5 'First Team' players in the starting 11 as defined under the competition's existing rules.
For invited clubs – 6 of the starting 11 to be U21 (as at 30 June 2016).
Competition format
Group Stage
Sixteen groups of 4 teams will be organised on a regionalised basis.
All groups will include one invited club.
All clubs will play each other once, either home or away (Academies play all group matches away from home).
Clubs will be awarded 3 points for a win and 1 point for a draw.
In the event of a drawn game (after 90 minutes), a penalty shootout will be held with the winning team earning an additional point.
The top two teams will progress to the Knockout Stage.
Northern Section
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Southern Section
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Knockout Stage
If scores are level after 90 minutes in Rounds 2, 3 and 4, the game will be determined by the taking of penalties.
Round 2
The Round 2 draw was made on 10 November 2017. The 32 remaining teams were drawn into 16 ties; each group winner will be at home to a runner-up from a different group within their own region.
Northern Section
Southern Section
Round 3
The Round 3 draw was made on 8 December 2017.
Northern Section
Southern Section
Round 4
Eight teams participated in this round with ties originally scheduled to take place in the week commencing 22 January 2018.
Semi-finals
Four teams participated in this round, which consisted of single ties played at the stadium of the club drawn first in each tie.
Final
Match proceeds
After deduction of match expenses, all proceeds were split:
45% Home club
45% Away club
10% to the pool account
Top goalscorers
Notes
References
External links
EFL Trophy
EFL Trophy
Trophy
Ancylis gigas is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 22.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is olive brown, tinged yellowish green dorsally and ferruginous in the apex area where two fine crossing silver lines occur. The hindwings are brown, but brownish white proximally.
Etymology
The name refers to large size of the moth and is derived from Greek gigas (meaning giant).
References
Moths described in 2009
Enarmoniini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Astros de Jalisco (English: Jalisco Astros) is a professional Mexican basketball team, based in Guadalajara, Jalisco. The Astros are part the CIBACOPA and the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional, the top professional basketball league in Mexico. The team plays its home games at the Arena Astros, with a capacity of 4,000 spectators.
History
The Astros were presented in February 2019 as a joint effort between the government of the State of Jalisco and Grupo Multimedios, a media conglomerate.
The Astros were one of the three new teams that debuted in the 2019–20 LNBP season, the other two were the Dorados de Chihuahua and the Plateros de Fresnillo.
On July 12, 2022, Astros won its first CIBACOPA championship in its debut season in the league, after beating Rayos de Hermosillo 91–87 in the sixth game of the final. The Astros' American guard Javion Blake was named the Finals MVP.
Honours
CIBACOPA
Champions (1): 2022
Players
Current roster
References
External links
Team profile
Basketball teams in Mexico
Sports teams in Guadalajara, Jalisco
Basketball teams established in 2019
2019 establishments in Mexico
Narağacı, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Penicillium rubens is a species of fungus in the genus Penicillium and was the first species known to produce the antibiotic penicillin. It was first described by Philibert Melchior Joseph Ehi Biourge in 1923. For the discovery of penicillin from this species Alexander Fleming shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945. The original penicillin-producing type has been variously identified as Penicillium rubrum, P. notatum, and P. chrysogenum among others, but genomic comparison and phylogenetic analysis in 2011 resolved that it is P. rubens. It is the best source of penicillins and produces benzylpenicillin (G), phenoxymethylpenicillin (V) and octanoylpenicillin (K). It also produces other important bioactive compounds such as andrastin, chrysogine, fungisporin, roquefortine, and sorbicillins.
History
A French microbiologist Philibert Melchior Joseph Ehi Biourge was the first to describe P. rubens in 1923. The medicinal importance was discovered by Alexander Fleming, a physician at St Mary's Hospital, London. In September 1928, Fleming found that one of his bacterial cultures (of Staphylococcus aureus) was contaminated with mould, and that the area around the mould inhibited bacterial growth. He gave the name penicillin for the purported antibacterial substance produced by the mould. After a series of experimental tests, he published his discovery in the June 1929 issue of the British Journal of Experimental Pathology. With the help of his colleague Charles J. La Touche, Fleming identified the fungus as Penicillium rubrum.
But Charles Thom at the U. S. Department of Agriculture, Peoria, Illinois, compared the specimen with his collection of Penicillium species, and corrected the species as P. notatum. In his publication in 1931, he resolved that P. notatum was a member of P. chrysogenum species complex, which he had described in 1910. P. notatum was described by Swedish chemist Richard Westling in 1811. Thom adopted and popularised the use of P. chrysogenum. After discovery of other new species and taxonomic reexamination, three species, P. notatum, P. meleagrinum, and P. cyaneofulvum were recognised as P. chrysogenum. The Seventeenth International Botanical Congress held in Vienna, Austria, in 2005 adopted the name P. chrysogenum as the conserved name (nomen conservandum).
Whole genome sequence and phylogenetic analysis, particularly using β-tubulin sequences, in 2011 showed that P. notatum is P. rubens, and that P. chrysogenum is a different species.
Biology
P. rubens is a common fungus of indoor environment. Along with Cladosporium halotolerans and Aspergillus niger, it is one of the nuisance moulds when humidity is high. It is the most resilient mould as it needs less water for growth and propagation. It has a soft and velvety surface. The spore-bearing filaments, conidiophores are smooth and measure 200-300 µm in length. The hairy surface, penicilli are 8-12 µm long. The conidia are smooth-walled, ellipsoidal in shape, measuring 2.5-4.0 µm long, and are blue or bluish-green in colour. It exists in a number of strains, of which the most important are Fleming's strain (designated CBS 205.57 or NRRL 824 or IBT 30142) from which the first penicillin was discovered and the Wisconsin strain (NRRL1951) obtained from a cantaloupe in Peoria, Illinois, in 1944 and has been used for industrial production of penicillin G. The original Wisconsin strain itself has been produced in a variety of strains.
Genome
P. rubens has four chromosomes. The genome of the Wisconsin strain has been most studied. The nuclear genome of 54-1255 strain, regarded as low-penicillin producer, has a size of 32.19 Mb. There are 13,653 open reading frames (ORFs), including 592 probable pseudogenes and 116 truncated ORFs. Three genes, namely pcbAB, pcbC, and penDE constitute the core sites for penicillin biosynthesis. They are distributed in clusters among other (ORFs) in a 58.8 kb region, on chromosome 2. pcbAB encodes an enzyme α-aminoadipoyl-L-cysteinyl-D-valine synthetase, pcbC encodes isopenicillinN (IPN) synthase, and penDE, encoding acyl-CoA:isopenicillinN acyltransferase. The high penicillin-producing strain, NCPC10086, has slightly larger genome of 32.3 Mb, with about 13,290 protein-coding genes. There are at least 69 genes not present in 54-1255 strain. The gene Pch018g00010 that codes for enzymes in glutathione metabolism is considered as the key factor in enhanced penicillin production of this strain.
The mitochondrial genome consists of 31,790 bp and 17 ORFs. Enzymes synthesised from the nuclear genome are not sufficient for complete synthesis of penicillin. Enzymes of the final biosynthetic pathway such as acyl-CoA:isopenicillinN acyltransferase28 and phenylacetyl-CoA ligase are synthesised in separate cell organelles called microbodies (peroxisomes). The peroxisome gene pex11 is essential for controlling the amount of penicillin synthesis; the more the gene is activated (expressed), the more the penicillins.
Uses
P. rubens is the principal source of a class of antibiotics, penicillins. The species produces three such compounds, benzylpenicillin (G), phenoxymethylpenicillin (V) and octanoylpenicillin (K). Penicillin G is the first naturally occurring compound isolated and used as an antibiotic. It is also the source of cephalosporins.
References
Fungi described in 1923
Penicillium
Penicillins
Medicinal fungi
History of medicine
History of pharmacy
Antibiotics
In bioinformatics, Stemloc is an open source software for multiple RNA sequence alignment and RNA structure prediction based on probabilistic models of RNA structure known as Pair stochastic context-free grammars (also probabilistic context-free grammars). Stemloc attempts to simultaneously predict and align the structure of RNA sequences with an improved time and space cost compared to previous methods with the same motive. The resulting software implements constrained versions of the Sankoff algorithm by introducing both fold and alignment constraints, which reduces processor and memory usage and allows for larger RNA sequences to be analyzed on commodity hardware. Stemloc was written in 2004 by Ian Holmes.
Stemloc can be downloaded as part of the DART software package. It accepts input files in either FASTA or Stockholm format.
Terminology
Fold: RNA folding is the process by which an RNA molecule acquires secondary structure through intra-molecular interactions.
Fold envelope: The set of candidate folds to be considered in the algorithm
Alignment envelope: The set of candidate alignments to be considered in the algorithm
Background
A previously developed algorithm by David Sankoff in 1985 uses dynamic programming to simultaneously align and predict multiple RNA structures. The Sankoff Algorithm takes time and space in big O notation and respectively for sequences of length . This is observantly expensive, and thus is the motivation to create better RNA analysis tools like Stemloc. The initial goal of Stemloc was to reduce the time and space cost of simultaneous alignment and structure prediction of two RNA sequences by using a stochastic context-free grammar (SCFG) scoring scheme and by implementing constrained versions of the Sankoff Algorithm.
Stemloc uses alignment envelopes and fold envelopes to simultaneously constrain both the alignment and the secondary structures of the sequences being compared. Fold envelopes can be used to "prune" the search over secondary structures and determine the subsequences of two RNA sequences that can be considered in the algorithm. For example, including or excluding specific nitrogen-bonded base pairings. Alignment envelopes can be used to "prune" the search over the alignments and determine possible "cutpoints" in the alignment of the two sequences. For example, including or excluding specific residue-level homologies. Fold envelopes are pre-calculated for each sequence individually, and alignment envelopes are pre-calculated by comparing the two sequences while ignoring secondary structures. Both global and local alignment is supported.
Input
Input in Stemloc can either be in FASTA or Stockholm format (see above for descriptions of each). Sample input shown below:stemloc --local dynalign.trnaThe "--local" command analyzes the file in local alignment mode. Using "--global" will use global alignment mode.
Output
This output is in Stockholm format. It shows the sequence names, the co-ordinates of the matches, the alignment, the consensus primary sequence, the secondary structure of each sequence, the consensus secondary structure, and the log-odds score of the alignment in bits. The "//" line is used to separate alignments or indicate end of file. Sample output shown below:# STOCKHOLM 1.0
#=GR RD0260/26-67 SS ..<<<<<.......>>>>>.....(<<<<.......>>>>).
RD0260/26-67 UACUCCCCUGUCACGGGAGAGAAUGUGGGUUCAAAUCCCAUC
#=GC PS_cons UAC..CCCUGUCACGG..G.GA..G.GGGUUC.AAUCCC..C
RD0500/26-66 UACGACCCUGUCACGGUCGUGA-CGCGGGUUCgAAUCCCGCC
#=GR RD0500/26-66 SS ..<<<<<.......>>>>>...-.<<<<<.......>>>>>.
#=GC SS_cons ..<<<<<.......>>>>>.....<<<<<.......>>>>>.
#=GF SC 31.872
//
Process
Stemloc relies heavily on stochastic context-free grammars, which can be seen as a scoring scheme for the algorithm. Because Sankoff's algorithm considers all possible folds and all possible alignments it is quite accurate and thorough, but it takes a measurable amount of time to obtain any results or output. To better this, Stemloc allows the user to constrain the total number of folds and alignments to be considered. More specifically, each sequence can be pre-folded individually in time and pre-aligned, ignoring secondary structure in time. For example, the using the "-fast" command below will only consider the 100 best RNA structures rather than analyzing all possible folds. Using the "-log DOTPLOT" command will output a visual representation of the fold and alignment envelopes.stemloc nanos-tiny.rna -fast -log DOTPLOT
Constraining the envelopes
The main idea of Stemloc is being able to set a threshold for the number of folds and alignments that are sampled to create the envelopes. This can be done with the options "-nf" and "-na", which sets the number of folds and alignments to be considered. (Using a -1 will unlimited the number of folds and alignments sampled, thus using -1 for both parameters will run the Sankoff algorithm on the input dataset.stemloc nanos-tiny.rna -nf -1 -na -1
Parameter training
Another feature of Stemloc is its ability to parameterize probabilistic models like stochastic context-free grammars from data. Stemloc utilizes the Inside-Outside algorithm and stochastic context-free grammars to maximize the likelihood of a training set. This is useful because the default parameters for Stemloc were trained on a selection of pairwise alignments of between 30% and 40% sequence identity from Rfam (database) version 5.0. These parameters however, are not always effective which is why being able to train parameters as a user can be helpful.
In practice
Stemloc has since been used in a variety of research publications in RNA structure analysis. Most notably in the study of optimal multiple sequence alignment.
References
Holmes I. (2005) Accelerated probabilistic inference of RNA structure evolution. BMC Bioinformatics. 2005 Mar 24;6:73.
Sankoff D. (1985) Simultaneous Solution of the RNA Folding, Alignment and Protosequence Problems. SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics. 1985 Oct;45:5.Sankoff D. (1985) Simultaneous Solution of the RNA Folding, Alignment and Protosequence Problems. SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics. 1985 Oct;45:5.
External links
Stemloc homepage and tutorial
Bioinformatics software
The Trilateral Cooperation Secretariat (TCS) is an international organization established with a vision to promote peace and common prosperity among China, Japan, and South Korea. Upon the agreement signed and ratified by each of the three governments, the TCS was officially inaugurated in Seoul, on 1 September 2011. On the basis of equal participation, each government shares 1/3 of the total operational budget.
Background
The idea of a trilateral framework between China, Japan and South Korea has its roots in the late 1990s, when a participant at one of the monthly breakfasts between experts and Japanese Prime Minister Keizō Obuchi suggested holding a trilateral meeting on the sidelines of the pre-existing ASEAN meetings. Keizō Obuchi liked the idea and Tokyo formally proposed the idea to Beijing and Seoul, resulting in a breakfast meeting on the sidelines of the 1999 ASEAN+3 Summit in Manila. This meeting marked the first step for developing trilateral cooperation and its framework, with 1999 being celebrated as the first year of China-Japan-South Korea cooperation.
The three countries continued to hold annual meetings at the ASEAN+3 Summit, when in 2004, Korean President Roh Moo-hyun proposed holding the trilateral meetings outside the ASEAN+3 framework. After several years of negotiations, the three countries agreed at the 2007 ASEAN+3 Summit to hold separate stand-alone meetings in the future. Hence, in 2008, what began as a side-conference to the ASEAN meetings officially developed into the first China-Japan-South Korea trilateral summit, held in Fukuoka, Japan.
Discussions of a stand-alone secretariat began in 2009, when Korean President Lee Myung-bak proposed its establishment at the 2nd Trilateral Summit held in Beijing, China. This was officially agreed upon by the three countries in May 2010 at the 3rd Trilateral Summit held in Jeju, South Korea, where the three leaders signed the Agreement on the Establishment of the Trilateral Cooperation Secretariat. In September 2011, the Trilateral Cooperation Secretariat was established in Seoul, South Korea.
Demographics
Population
As of 2018, the population of China, Japan and South Korea combined was about 1.57 billion people (21% of the world population). The population growth rate was positive at 0.2% in 2018. 17.43% of the population was in the 0-14 age range, 70.17% in the 15-64 age range, and 12.38% in the 65+ age range. Compared with the world, which had 26%, 65%, and 9% respectively. This demographic trend of an aging society with a decreasing birth rate explains why the three countries continue to cooperate on this issue.
Urbanization
Throughout the late 20th century, Japan and South Korea continued to see increasing numbers in the urban population, with the percentage of those living in urban areas being 91.7% and 81.4% respectively, as of 2019. China lagged behind, with the urban population accounting for 36.2% in 2000. However China's rapid economic growth in the last two decades have led to a urbanization boom, with nearly 60% of its population currently living in urban areas.
Organization
The TCS consists of a Consultative Board and four Departments. The Consultative Board, which is the executive decision-making body of the organization, is composed of a Secretary-General and two Deputy Secretaries-General. The Secretary-General is appointed on a two-year rotational basis in the order of the South Korea, Japan, and China. Each country other than the one of the Secretary-General nominates a Deputy Secretary-General respectively. Under the Consultative Board, there are four Departments of Political Affairs, Economic Affairs, Socio-Cultural Affairs, and Management and Coordination. The Four Departments are composed of officials seconded by the three countries, and General Service Staff recruited through open competition from the three countries.
TCS Secretary-General
Shin Bong-kil (1 September 2011 - 31 August 2013)
Rui Matsukawa & Mao Ning (Deputies)
Shigeo Iwatani (1 September 2013 - 31 August 2015)
Chen Feng & Lee Jong-heon (Deputies)
Yang Houlan (1 September 2015 – 31 August 2017)
Lee Jong-heon & Akima Umezawa (Deputies)
Lee Jong-heon (1 September 2017 – 31 August 2019)
Yamamoto Yasushi & Han Mei (Deputies)
Hisashi Michigami (1 September 2019 – 31 August 2021)
Jing Cao & Kang Do-ho (Deputies)
Ou Boqian (1 September 2021 – present)
Bek Bum-hym & Sakata Natsuko (Deputies)
Functions and activities
Functions
Provide administrative and technical support for the operation and management of such trilateral consultative mechanisms among the three countries as the Trilateral Summit Meeting, the Trilateral Foreign Ministers' Meeting, the Three-Party Committee and other ministerial meetings, and the Trilateral Senior Foreign Affairs Officials' Consultation and to send, if necessary, its representatives to attend major consultative mechanisms.
Communicate and coordinate with the three countries and, if necessary, with other international organizations.
Explore and identify potential cooperative projects among the three countries and report those projects to the relevant consultative mechanisms for adoption.
Evaluate the cooperative projects and draft reports on them, compile necessary documents into database, and submit annual progress reports to the Trilateral Foreign Ministers' Meeting for approval.
Conduct research on important issues related to the trilateral cooperation, manage the Secretariat's website, and promote understanding of the trilateral cooperation.
Activities
Participation in trilateral consultative mechanisms
Trilateral Summit, ASEAN+3 Summit
Other high-level and working-level trilateral mechanisms including the Trilateral Foreign Ministers' Meeting, Economic and Trade Ministers' Meeting, Culture Ministers' Meeting, the Tripartite Health Ministers' Meeting (THMM), and the Tripartite Environmental Ministers' Meeting (TEMM)
Promoting trilateral cooperation / Cooperative projects
International Forum for Trilateral Cooperation (IFTC)
CJK FTA Seminar
Trilateral Entrepreneurs Forum
Trilateral Journalist Exchange Program (TJEP)
Young Ambassador Program (YAP)
Trilateral Youth Summit (TYS)
Asia International Youth Film Festival (AIYFF)
Collaboration with other organizations
Maintaining relationship and expanding network with other regional and international organizations
Research and Publications
TCS Annual Reports
Trilateral Statistics booklets
Other publications relating to political, economic and socio-cultural cooperation
Compilation of information database regarding trilateral cooperation
See also
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
China–Japan–South Korea Free Trade Agreement
References
External links
2011 establishments in South Korea
International diplomatic organizations
International organizations based in South Korea
Organizations based in Seoul
Organizations established in 2011
China–Japan–South Korea relations
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1998.
Events
24 January - Koit Toome is selected to represent Estonia at the 1998 Eurovision Song Contest with his song "Mere lapsed". He is selected to be the fourth Estonian Eurovision entry during Eurolaul held at the ETV Studios in Tallinn.
Debuts
Television shows
1990s
Õnne 13 (1993–present)
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
Mahmoud Jibril el-Warfally (), also transcribed Jabril or Jebril or Gebril (28 May 1952 – 5 April 2020), was a Libyan politician who served as the interim Prime Minister of Libya for seven and a half months during the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi and the Libyan Civil War, chairing the executive board of the National Transitional Council (NTC) from 5 March to 23 October 2011. He also served as the Head of International Affairs. , Jibril was the head of one of the largest political parties in Libya, the National Forces Alliance.
Toward the end of the conflict, Jibril was increasingly referred to by foreign governments and in media as the interim prime minister of Libya. Jibril's government was recognized as the "sole legitimate representative" of Libya by the majority of UN states including France, Turkey, the United Kingdom, the United States, Iran, and Qatar.
Career
Jibril graduated in Economics and Political Science from Cairo University in 1975, then earned a master's degree in political science in 1980 and a doctorate in political science in 1985, both from the University of Pittsburgh.
Jibril led the team which drafted and formed the Unified Arab Training manual. He was also responsible for organizing and administering the first two training conferences in the Arab world in the years 1987 and 1988. He later took over the management and administration of many of the leadership training programs for senior management in Arab countries including Bahrain, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, and the United Arab Emirates.
From 2007 to early 2011, he served in the Gaddafi regime as head of the National Planning Council of Libya and of the National Economic Development Board of Libya (NEDB). While there, he was a protégé and close friend of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi and promoted privatization and liberalization policies.
National Transitional Council
On 23 March 2011, amidst the Libyan Civil War, the National Transitional Council officially formed a transitional government and Jibril was appointed to head it. Jibril led meetings and negotiations with French President Nicolas Sarkozy, a meeting that resulted in France officially recognizing the National Transitional Council as the sole representative of the Libyan people. He also met with UK Foreign Secretary William Hague and then-U.S. Ambassador to Libya Gene Cretz, successfully persuading them to publicly back the NTC.
Following his appointment as the NTC's head of government, Jibril was referred to by foreign officials as both as the interim prime minister and the chairman of the Executive Board, the title attributed to him by the NTC official website. References to Jibril as the prime minister, including by news organisations, foreign government ministries and world leaders, have increased significantly after rebels entered Tripoli in late August 2011.
In his capacity as the NTC's top diplomat, Jibril was also referred to as the council's foreign minister, though this may have been a colloquial title. Qatar-based news organization Al Jazeera also called him "the NTC's chief of staff" on at least one occasion.
The Executive Board was sacked en masse by decision of the NTC on 8 August over its sluggish response to the assassination of General Abdul Fatah Younis, Benghazi's top commander. Jibril was asked to form a new board subject to the council's approval. Though Jibril stayed on as the board's chairman, a spokesman for the NTC said he would be required to spend less time out of the country.
On 21 August, amidst the Battle of Tripoli, Jibril gave a televised speech urging revolutionary fighters against looting, revenge killing, abusing foreign nationals, and mistreating prisoners of war. He also called for unity and asked that police and army units in Tripoli disavow Gaddafi but remain at their posts. Jibril declared, "Today, all Libya's people are allowed to participate in the building of the future to build institutions with the aid of a constitution that does not differentiate between a man and a woman, sects or ethnicities. Libya is for everyone and will now be for everyone. Libya has the right to create an example that will be followed in the Arab region."
In September, Jibril "proposed 36 names for a new cabinet, including friends and relatives, and retained the prime minister and foreign minister slots for himself." He later retracted the proposal when NTC members objected, but an anonymous council official said it had "left a bitter taste".
Resignation
On 3 October 2011, Jibril announced that he would resign from government once the country had been "liberated". He later specified this meant the capture of Sirte from loyalist holdouts. On 20 October 2011, Sirte was captured and Muammar Gaddafi was killed. Keeping his promise to leave at the war's end, Jibril resigned three days later. He was succeeded by Abdurrahim El-Keib on 31 October.
In the National Forces Alliance
In 2012, Jibril became a member of the newly founded political union, the National Forces Alliance. On 14 March 2012, he was elected leader of the alliance. Jibril represented his party in the General National Congress election.
In the national elections of 7 September 2012, Jibril described his party as a supporter of democracy and also as an advocate of Sharia. The NFA won the largest number of seats in these elections. At the time, Jibril ran for a second term as prime minister. Jibril won the first round of voting, with 86 votes, significantly more than the 55 votes obtained by his primary opponent, Mustafa Abushagur. However, in the second round of voting, Abushagur ultimately defeated Jibril.
Death
On 21 March 2020, Jibril suffered a cardiac arrest, and was admitted to the Ganzouri Specialized Hospital in Cairo, Egypt. Three days later, he tested positive for COVID-19, which he died from on 5 April 2020 at the age of 67.
Works
el-Warfally, Mahmoud G., Imagery and Ideology in U.S. Policy Toward Libya, 1969–1982, University of Pittsburgh Press (December 1988),
References
External links
|-
1952 births
2020 deaths
Cairo University alumni
Government ministers of Libya
National Forces Alliance politicians
Libyan Sunni Muslims
Members of the National Transitional Council
People of the First Libyan Civil War
Prime Ministers of Libya
University of Pittsburgh alumni
University of Pittsburgh faculty
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Egypt
The Crawford Street Bridge was a concrete and steel bridge over the Providence River in downtown Providence, Rhode Island. It was originally built from 1873 to 1904 and then rebuilt starting in 1930. Composed of a set of interconnected bridges that span the river, it had a total area of over and covered nearly a quarter of a mile of the river. At wide, it was the world's widest bridge, and listed in the 1988 Guinness Book of World Records.
As part of a downtown redevelopment project, the massive bridge was substantially demolished in 1982, replaced with several narrower bridges for individual streets and exposing the Providence River to create a more pedestrian-friendly cityscape.
See also
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Providence, Rhode Island
Bridges in Providence County, Rhode Island
Buildings and structures demolished in 1982
Old College may refer to:
Old College, Aberystwyth, in Wales
Old College, University of Edinburgh, in Scotland
Old College (Northwestern University), in Illinois, United States
Old College, University of Notre Dame, in Indiana, United States
Old College Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, in London, England
Nevada School of Law at Old College, in the United States
See also
Olds College, in Olds, Alberta, Canada
Mimoopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Mimoopsis crassepuncta Breuning, 1942
Mimoopsis fuscoapicatus (Fairmaire, 1879)
Mimoopsis insularis (Breuning, 1939)
References
Apomecynini
The 2020–21 Naisten Liiga season was the thirty-eighth season of the Naisten Liiga, Finland's elite women's ice hockey league, since the league's creation in 1982. The season began, as scheduled, on 5 September 2020, making the Naisten Liiga the first women's national ice hockey league in Europe and, quite likely, in the world to return to play for the 2020–21 season.
League business
Number of teams
When the 2019–20 Naisten Liiga season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the league qualification series () had not been completed. At the time of cancellation, Lukko Naiset had amassed an unreachable points advantage and secured their place in the Naisten Liiga and APV Naiset had been mathematically relegated to the Naisten Mestis but is still possible for either RoKi Naiset or TPS Naiset to qualify. Recognizing that it would be unfair to relegate either RoKi or TPS, the Finnish Ice Hockey Association announced that both teams would participate in the 2020–21 Naisten Liiga season, increasing the number of teams in the preliminary round from ten to eleven.
League placement rankings
In an effort to account for expected cancellations of some matches due to COVID-19 safety protocols, the Finnish Ice Hockey Association announced league rankings would be determined by the average points per game of each team rather than the absolute point total traditionally used. For example, a team with two wins in two games played (6 points total, average 3.0) ranks higher in the league table than a team with four wins, one overtime loss, and one regulation loss (13 points total, average 2.17).
Coaching changes
Teams
Preliminary series
The addition of another team necessitated slight modification of the season format introduced for the 2019–20 season. With eleven participating teams, the twenty-game preliminary series () was played strictly as a double round-robin without the addition of the two extra Opening Weekend Tournament games typically needed. The preliminaries were scheduled to be played during 5 September to 13 December 2020.
The season began as scheduled on 5 September 2020, making the Naisten Liiga the first women's national ice hockey league in Europe – and, quite possibly, in the world – to return to play for the 2020–21 season. The first game of the season saw Ilves Tampere beat TPS Turku 4–3 in overtime at Tesoman jäähalli.
On 1 December 2020, an emergency meeting of the Finnish Ice Hockey Association was held in response to a significant rise in cases and hospitalizations related to the COVID-19 pandemic in Finland during the preceding weeks. It was ultimately determined that all leagues under the Association's administration would suspend play from 2 to 31 December 2020, including the Naisten Liiga. The Naisten Liiga was expected to begin the regular season and lower division series in January, as outlined in the original season schedule, though the Finnish Ice Hockey Association expressed a desire to stage the games postponed during the period of suspended activity when play resumed.
Later in December, it was decided that Naisten Liiga teams would not attempt to play the games missed during the pause and would instead proceed directly to the regular season. With this determination, 29 November 2020 retroactively became the last day of the preliminary series, as it was the last day in which Naisten Liiga games were contested before the suspension.
Standings
Kiekko-Espoo and KalPa, the two teams from the cancelled 2020 Aurora Borealis Cup final, continued to dominate the league in the preliminaries, ranking first and second at the conclusion of the series. Less expected were the third and fourth ranked teams, HIFK and TPS, which had both played in the lower division during the previous season and TPS had very nearly been eliminated in the 2020 qualifiers. Both teams were bolstered in the 2020–21 season by an influx of international talent.
Kiekko-Espoo were the regular season champions for the third consecutive season.
Official ranking
Statistics
Scoring leaders
The following players led the league in points at the conclusion of the preliminaries on 29 November 2020.
Leading goaltenders
The following goaltenders lead the league in save percentage at the conclusion of the preliminaries on 29 November 2020, while starting at least one third of matches.
Regular season
The ten-game Naisten Liiga regular season, also called the upper division series (), is played by the six top-ranked teams from the preliminary series.
Following the December stoppage, play resumed on 8 January 2021. The decision was made to begin the regular season (upper and lower divisional series) rather than attempt to make up the games missed during the pause, resulting in teams with seventeen to nineteen games played at the conclusion of the preliminaries. As the league had already adopted the use of points per game for league rankings, the impact of dropping the missed games on the remainder of the season was negligible.
Standings
Official ranking
Statistics
Scoring leaders
The following players led the league in points at the conclusion of the regular season on 28 February 2021.
Leading goaltenders
The following goaltenders lead the league in save percentage at the conclusion of the regular season on 27 February 2021, while starting at least one third of matches.
Lower division series
The lower division series () was modified to be played by the five lowest-ranked teams from the preliminary series, rather than the standard four, and the top team from the cross-qualifiers () of the Naisten Mestis, rather than the top-two from the cross-qualifiers, to account for the additional Naisten Liiga team. The series was originally scheduled to be played during 16 January to 21 February 2021 but was ultimately played during 9 January to 28 February 2021.
Standings
Official ranking
Statistics
Scoring leaders
The following players led the lower division in points at the conclusion of the series on 28 February 2021.
Leading goaltenders
The following goaltenders lead the lower division in save percentage at the conclusion of the series on 28 February 2021, while starting at least one third of matches.
Playoffs
Qualification series
Two teams from the 2020 qualification series, RoKi and Lukko, returned to the relegation tournament in 2021, joined by Vaasan Sport, the eighth seed of the 2020 playoffs, and JYP, the team promoted mid-season to the lower division series.
After amassing 22 points and a 2.20 points average in the lower division series, RoKi needed just one three-point (regulation) victory in the qualification series to amass an unbeatable point advantage and retain their place in the Naisten Liiga. They earned the necessary three points in the first match of the series, against JYP. Skaters Moona Keskisarja and Jenna Pirttijärvi both ranked in the top ten of the series for point totals and their goaltender with the best save percentage was Olivia Last, at .910, and best goals against average was Janita Haapasaari, with 2.50.
JYP had very little hope of qualifying for the 2021–22 Naisten Liiga season, after concluding the lower division series with just four points in ten games. Over the six games of the qualification series, they were able to collect points only in one overtime victory and two overtime losses and were conclusively relegated to the Naisten Mestis. Their top point scorer was Anna Vanhala, one of four remaining players from 2015–16 JYP roster that won the Finnish Championship, and their best goaltender was Juuli Kivimäki.
The second qualifying position was hotly contested by Lukko and Sport, as the teams came out of the lower division series with only one point separating them.
Standings
Official ranking
Results
Statistics
Scoring leaders
The following players led scoring in the qualification series at the conclusion of the series on 21 March 2021.
Leading goaltenders
The following goaltenders played at least one match in the qualification series, sorted by save percentage.
Awards and honours
Finnish Ice Hockey Association awards
Riikka Nieminen Award (Player of the Year): Elisa Holopainen, KalPa
Tuula Puputti Award (Best goaltender): Anni Keisala, Ilves
Päivi Halonen Award (Best defenceman): Nelli Laitinen, Kiekko-Espoo
Katja Riipi Award (Best forward): Elisa Holopainen, KalPa
Noora Räty Award (Rookie of the Year): Anna-Kaisa Antti-Roiko, Kärpät
Marianne Ihalainen Award (Top point scorer): Michaela Pejzlová, HIFK
Tiia Reima Award (Top goal scorer): Matilda Nilsson, KalPa
Sari Fisk Award (Best plus/minus): Emilia Vesa, Kiekko-Espoo
Emma Laaksonen Award (Fair-play player): Johanna Juutilainen, KalPa
Student Athlete Award: Anni Hietaharju, HIFK
U18 Student Athlete Award: Nea Tervonen, Kuortane
Hannu Saintula Award (Coach of the Year): Saara Niemi, HIFK
Karoliina Rantamäki Award (MVP of the Playoffs): Tiia Pajarinen, Kiekko-Espoo
Anu Hirvonen Award (Best referee): Anniina Nurmi
Johanna Suban Award (Best linesman): Tiina Saarimäki
Source: Finnish Ice Hockey Association, Jääkiekkokirja 2022
Czech forward Michaela Pejzlová of HIFK Naiset claimed the Marianne Ihalainen Award as regular season scoring champion, the first international player to ever win a league award. KalPa Naiset winger Matilda Nilsson was the top goalscorer of the regular season and became the second KalPa player to receive the Tiia Reima Award.
All-Star Teams
All-Star Team
Goaltender: Anni Keisala, Ilves
Defenceman: Nelli Laitinen, Kiekko-Espoo
Defenceman: Anna Kilponen, Ilves
Winger: Elisa Holopainen, KalPa
Center: Estelle Duvin, TPS
Winger: Matilda Nilsson, KalPa
All-Star Team II
Goaltender: Tiina Ranne, KalPa
Defenceman: Athéna Locatelli, HIFK
Defenceman: Krista Parkkonen, HIFK
Winger: Emilia Vesa, Kiekko-Espoo
Center: Michaela Pejzlová, HIFK
Winger: Jenna Suokko, Ilves
Source: Finnish Ice Hockey Association, Jääkiekkokirja 2022
Player of the Month
September 2020: Elisa Holopainen (F), KalPa Kuopio
October 2020: Nelli Laitinen (D), Kiekko-Espoo
November 2020: Estelle Duvin (F), TPS Turku
December 2020: not awarded (no games played)
January 2021: Anni Keisala (G), Ilves Tampere
February 2021: Emilia Vesa (F), Kiekko-Espoo
Milestones
On 19 September 2020, HPK forward and captain Riikka Noronen played her 600th game in the Naisten Liiga, becoming the first player in league history to reach the milestone.
On 17 January 2021, Ilves forward Emilia Varpula and KalPa defenceman Eveliina Nurmi played their 200th games in the Naisten Liiga.
References
External links
Naisten Liiga official website (in Finnish)
Naisten Liiga (ice hockey) seasons
Naisten Liiga season, 2020–21
Naisten Liiga season, 2020–21
Naisten Liiga season, 2020–21
2020–21 in women's ice hockey leagues
Nemacerota mandibulata is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in Shaanxi, China.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Christian Hoffmann von Hoffmannswaldau (baptised 25 December 1616 – 4 April 1679) was a German poet of the Baroque era.
He was born and died in Breslau (Wrocław) in Silesia. During his education in Danzig (Gdańsk) and Leiden, he befriended Martin Opitz and Andreas Gryphius, both leading figures in 17th-century German poetry. In his later years, Hofmannswaldau involved himself in the city politics of Breslau, rising to the position of Bürgermeister.
During his lifetime, Hofmannswaldau's poems circulated mostly in manuscript. It was the posthumous publication of Deutsche Übersetzungen und Gedichte in 1679 that assured his reputation as the most influential poet of his era, followed by Benjamin Neukirch's even more extensive collection, Herrn von Hoffmannswaldau und anderer Deutschen auserlesener und bißher ungedruckter Gedichte, the first volume of which appeared in 1695. Hofmannswaldau's style of poetry came to be known as Galant and is marked by extravagant metaphors, skillful use of rhetoric and unashamed eroticism. It shows the influence of the Italian poet Giambattista Marino. Hofmannswaldau's verse enjoyed great popularity until it was attacked for bad taste by Johann Christoph Gottsched in the mid-18th century.
Sources
Gedichte des Barock, ed. Ulrich Maché and Volker Meid (Reclam, 1980)
External links
Complete poems of Christian Hofmannswaldau (In German)
1616 births
1679 deaths
Baroque writers
German poets
Writers from Wrocław
German male poets
The men's volleyball tournament at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held from 22 June to 1 July at the Tarraco Arena Plaza and the Pabellón Municipal del Serrallo in Tarragona.
Participating teams
(host)
Preliminary round
All times are local (UTC+2).
Group A
|}
|}
Group B
|}
|}
Group C
|}
|}
Group D
|}
|}
Final round
Classification bracket
Classification 5–8
|}
Seventh place game
|}
Fifth place game
|}
Championship bracket
Quarterfinals
|}
Semifinals
|}
Third place game
|}
Final
|}
Final standings
References
External links
2018 Mediterranean Games
Volleyball at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games
Başören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The National Curriculum was first introduced in Wales as part of the Education Reform Act 1988, alongside the equivalent curriculum for England. Following devolution in 1999, education became a matter for the Welsh Government. Consequently, some elements of the system began to differ from England. This article covers the curriculum as it existed from 2008 until the formal introduction of a new Curriculum for Wales between 2022 and 2026.
Background
The Education Reform Act 1988 introduced a standardised National Curriculum in England and Wales. The curriculum specified what subjects should be taught and what standard children were expected to reach by different ages. It grouped school years between the ages of five and sixteen into four "key stages". According to one summary of the act:
In Wales, Welsh language lessons became a universal part of the curriculum for children up to the age of fourteen in 1990. In 1993, the Curriculum Cymraig was introduced with the intention of adding more of an emphasis on the cultural life and society of Wales into the curriculum. However, a report produced by Estyn in 2001 suggested that the success of this endeavour had been quite limited and varied significantly between subjects, schools and regions.
Devolution created the potential for further divergence between England and Wales. Changes in the years immediately following devolution included compulsory study of the Welsh language for students up to the age of 16 and the removal of statutory testing for children in the middle years of their schooling (though it was later reintroduced). Though in general, the basic structure of the education system remained the same. The Foundation Phase, a new play-based curriculum was introduced for children aged three to seven from 2008 onwards. Curriculum materials more broadly were also updated that year.
Structure of the National Curriculum
The curriculum divided schooling into four phases , each relating to pupils of different ages. Key Stages 2 to 4 mirrored those used in England, with pupils in Key Stage 2 being aged 7–11, in Key Stage 3 aged 11–14 and Key Stage 4 representing the GCSE years of 14- to 16-year-olds. For children aged between 3 and 7, the key stage was known as the Foundation Phase. Within each phase or key stage, certain subjects were set out in statute as part of the national curriculum.
Foundation phase
Within the foundation phase, the curriculum was set out in seven areas of learning:
Personal and Social Development, Well-being and Cultural Diversity
Language, Literacy and Communication Skills
Mathematical Development
Welsh Language Development
Knowledge and Understanding of the World
Physical Development
Creative Development
Key Stages 2, 3 and 4
The following subjects were statutory in each of the later key stages:
Replacement
In 2014, the Welsh Government commissioned Graham Donaldson a professor at the University of Glasgow who had worked on reforms to Education in Scotland to conduct a report into reforming the curriculum in Wales. He recommended the following year a variety of changes including a greater emphasis on computer skills, giving schools more control over what they taught and creating more of a sense of natural progression through school. The Welsh Education Minister promised a few months later that the report would be implemented in full within eight years. The curriculum was initially planned to begin being taught in 2021 though this was later delayed until 2022.
The new system would be introduced first for children in primary school and their first year of secondary school before being rolled out further as that age cohort progressed towards the end of their schooling. Meaning that some students would still be enrolled on the old system until 2026. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic schools were allowed to delay teaching the new curriculum in the first and second years of secondary school to 2023.
See also
Education in Wales
Education in the United Kingdom
Other UK curriculums
National Curriculum for England - England
Northern Ireland Curriculum - Northern Ireland
Curriculum for excellence - Scotland
References
External links
Curriculum for Wales 2008 - Welsh government page
Curricula
Education in Wales
Secondary education in Wales
Cristian Romero may refer to:
Cristián Romero (footballer, born 1963), Chilean footballer
Cristian Romero (footballer, born 1989), Paraguayan footballer
Cristian Romero (footballer, born 1998), Argentine footballer
Cristian Romero (writer), Colombian writer
Chrysophyllum manaosense is a tree in the family Sapotaceae, native to tropical South America.
Description
Chrysophyllum manaosense grows up to tall, with a trunk diameter of up to . It's red to brown bark is fissured. The obovate or oblanceolate leaves measure up to long. Fascicles feature up to 15 greenish flowers. The fruits ripen red to orange and measure up to long.
Distribution and habitat
Chrysophyllum manaosense is native to Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Brazil and Suriname. Its habitat is in rainforest at altitudes up to .
References
manaosense
Flora of Colombia
Flora of Ecuador
Flora of Peru
Flora of North Brazil
Flora of Suriname
Plants described in 1964
Taxa named by André Aubréville
Batrachorhina biapicata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chevrolat in 1857.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1857
The Ballroom () is a 2007 Brazilian-French romantic drama film directed by Laís Bodanzky. The action is set in a dance hall (gafieira) in São Paulo, frequented by elderly people.
Cast
Tonia Carrero as Alice
Leonardo Villar as Álvaro
Stepan Nercessian as Eudes
Betty Faria as Elza
Cassia Kiss as Marici
Paulo Vilhena as Marquinhos
Maria Flor as Bel
Elza Soares as Ana
Jorge Loredo
Marly Marley as Liana
Clarisse Abujamra
Reception
David Parkinson of The Guardian called it a "quirky ensemble piece", and praised it for being "superbly choreographed." Daily Expresss Allan Hunter labeled it as "bittersweet" and gave a rating 3 out of 5, saying "If Robert Altman had ever made a film about an old-fashioned dance hall it might have looked something like The Ballroom." Writing for the Evening Standard, Derek Malcom commended it by affirming: "If the film doesn't always convince, it has some wonderful moments. Bodanzky's sympathy with his characters is obvious — and the music is as much an attraction as the series of stories we are told about them." On the other hand, David Jenkins from Time Out gave a more negative review, stating "this wannabe-steamy film never manages to generate any dramatic heat because it spreads itself far too thinly across its oversized and mundane cast."
References
External links
2007 films
Brazilian romantic drama films
Films directed by Laís Bodanzky
Films set in São Paulo
Films shot in São Paulo
French romantic drama films
2007 romantic drama films
2000s Portuguese-language films
2000s French films
Rugendorf is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Municipal division
Rugendorf is arranged in the following boroughs:
References
Kulmbach (district)
James Douglas Johnston (1817-1896) was an officer in the United States Navy, then served as a commander in the Confederate Navy during the American Civil War.
Biography
Johnston was born in Kentucky and was appointed from that state as a United States Navy Midshipman in 1832. He achieved the rank of Lieutenant in 1843 and had not received further promotion when he resigned from the service in April 1861. Johnston joined the Confederate States Navy in the same month as a First Lieutenant and was promoted to Commander in June 1864. His initial Confederate service was as a lighthouse inspector. He was assigned to the New Orleans Station in 1861 and to the forces on Mobile Bay, Alabama, later in that year.
Johnston commanded the ironclads CSS Baltic in 1861-63 and CSS Tennessee in 1864. He was captured with the latter ship during the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864, and held as a prisoner of war until the following October. After he was exchanged, Commander Johnston returned to duty in the Mobile area, remaining there until the end of the U.S. Civil War in May 1865, when he surrendered and was paroled.
On the 9th of May 1896, he died in Savannah, Georgia and was laid to rest in Cedar Grove Cemetery, Norfolk, Virginia.
References
This article contains text from the public domain U.S. Navy Historical Center.
Confederate States Navy commanders
People of Kentucky in the American Civil War
American Civil War prisoners of war
1817 births
1896 deaths
The German Democratic Republic (GDR, also known as East Germany), a state in Central Europe that existed from 1949 to 1989 and was merged with the Federal Republic of Germany, was dominated by heterosexual norms. However, homosexual East Germans experienced decriminalisation during the 1960s, followed by increasing social acceptance and visibility.
Legal situation
When the GDR was founded in 1949, it inherited Paragraph 175a of the Nazi legal code, along with many other pre-existing laws. Paragraph 175 also became part of the law of West Germany. Paragraph 175a banned ‘unnatural desire' between men, with a clause protecting against the ‘seduction' of men and boys under the age of 21. After attempts at legal reform in 1952 and 1958, homosexuality was officially decriminalised in the GDR in 1968, although Paragraph 175 ceased to be enforced from 1957. The SED viewed it neither as an illness nor legitimate sexual identity, but as a long-term biological problem. In 1968, paragraph 151 criminalised homosexual relations between adult men and those under 18 years old, establishing an unequal age of consent compared to that of heterosexuals, which was 14 years old for both sexes. This provision was struck down by the supreme court in 1987, arguing that an unequal age of consent excluded homosexuals from socialist society and the civil rights guaranteed to them. In July 1989, the age of consent for all sexual relations was set at 14.
In an international context, decriminalisation aided the GDR's progressive image, bringing the country into line with ‘more progressive (in this matter) socialist states like Czechoslovakia and Poland, and pre-empting West German decriminalisation by one year'. However, the lives of homosexuals in the GDR changed little; for the most part, they remained invisible to wider society.
Social and political situation
In the five years following the Uprising of 1953 in East Germany, the GDR Government instituted a program of "moral reform" to build a solid foundation for the new socialist republic in which masculinity and the traditional family were championed, while abortion and homosexuality, seen to contravene "healthy mores of the working people", continued to be prosecuted. Same sex activity was "alternatively viewed as a remnant of bourgeois decadence, a sign of moral weakness, and a threat to the social and political health of the nation." Gays and lesbians in the GDR experienced intense feelings of isolation in this social landscape, with those in rural areas having it even worse than urban residents. One of the founders of the lesbian publication , recalled:
"I come from a provincial town myself, from Suhl. At lesbian get-togethers I met other lesbians, who had hunkered down on their own somewhere and were very lonely. Then they would travel for hundreds of kilometres just to meet a pen friend, only to find that it wasn't worth it. They were in hiding, they spent their whole lives in hiding."
For many queer people, this intense isolation compounded into invisibility in which not just representation, but vocabulary was absent from society. In response to an interview question on her perception of the social acceptability of coming out, Barbara, a woman from East Berlin, explained:
“I am sure that in the GDR I would never have come together with a woman, that wouldn't have been possible. For that, the rejection and intolerance was too great. Of that I am sure... No, I couldn't have had a coming out in the GDR. I wouldn't have known, where one finds women, where, where lesbians are. I didn't know that lesbians were called ‘lesbians'.”
Queer visibility
In the early years of the GDR, queer spaces were commonly pushed beneath formal state structures. The FDJ (Free German Youth) did not accept homosexual members, and city councils made it difficult for meeting spaces and events to be set up. In the 1970s, visibility began to improve slightly, with various queer institutions taking hold in and around Berlin. The HIB (Homosexuelle Interessengemeinschaft Berlin) was established in 1973 with the belief that ‘homosexual emancipation is part of the success of socialism', aiming to educate society in this vein. In a more informal context, meetings at Charlotte von Mahlsdorf's large inherited home outside Berlin evolved into a fortnightly support group discussing coming-out, STDs, and other queer issues combined with drinking and dancing. Von Mahlsdorf, East Germany's best-known trans person, became involved with the Stasi both as a subject of surveillance and a suspected informer herself. A gathering at her establishment, which was the first organized national event for lesbians, was planned by Ursula Sillge, but blocked by police in April 1978. Thereafter, the support group was barred from meeting at Von Mahlsdorf's. The HIB met a similar fate at the same time due to both Stasi surveillance and subsequent intervention and the group's significant organisational difficulties.
This same year, the Church-State Agreement allowed for queer rights groups to gather in Protestant Churches, which allowed them to organise and mobilise more effectively. Though there was tension between religious institutions and these queer working groups, the opportunity was invaluable in that it allowed them to host ‘coming-out' discussions, parents' nights, and gay and lesbian social events. As well, these working groups played an important role in remembering the gay and lesbian victims of the Holocaust by laying a wreath at the Buchenwald memorial site in 1983, followed by similar demonstrations at other Holocaust memorials. The SED responded negatively, arguing that homosexuality could not be considered a ‘separate problem' in the history of the Holocaust, adding that ‘many homosexual concentration camp inmates were criminals, and the number of homosexuals murdered in concentration camps was a very small part of those killed by the fascists.'
A 1985 shift in GDR policy led to many groups becoming more formalised. The 11th SED congress reassessed the party's approach homosexuals to focus on integration, symbolising a radical attempt to adjust to the changing social norms within society. While the party itself remained rather ambivalent towards queer people, relegating minority-group institutions outside of state structures could have been interpreted as delegitimising the state, so many party officials sought to develop a more integrative policy towards homosexuals. At this time too, the party revisited its stance on homosexual victims of the Holocaust within the legacy of antifascism. In a review of the 1989 film Coming Out, the only feature film made in the GDR that had a LGBT theme, the Minister for Culture explained the film's political significance to the recognition of homosexuals and communists as victims who fought together against their fascist tormentors.
The change in official position led to the establishment of gay and lesbian clubs inside the context of state institutions, a move which activists had been attempting since the 1970s. For example, the circle of non-church affiliated activists around Sillge, who had been meeting since the demise of the HIB, successfully petitioned for permission to occupy a permanent space at the Mittzwanziger-Klub on Veteranenstraße in 1986. Because the space was only free on Sundays, that became the regular meeting day and from 1987, the group was called the . Though the club lost the space in 1987, the following year it was able to move into the Kreiskulturhaus (District Cultural Center) in the Mitte district of Berlin. The Sunday Club did not gain official status as a legal association until 1990, after the fall of the Berlin Wall, though it had strong support from the community. Similar groups and clubs were later created in Dresden, Leipzig, Weimar, Gera, Magdeburg, Potsdam, Halle and a second club in Berlin.
Furthermore, the Kulturbund allowed the Magnus Hirschfeld Arbeitskreis (Magnus Hirschfeld Study Group) to organise under the guise of promoting scientific endeavours in sexuality. State organisations such as the family planning services also began training staff for issues with sexual identity. The FDJ, after 1985, began discussing homosexuality and bisexuality and creating events for the community. In the FDJ Youth Festival of 1989, the central council of the FDJ instructed a positive reception to the creation of new spaces and clubs.
However the SED itself remained fairly ambivalent regarding queer issues, identities and recognition, partly due to a belief that non-engagement with the subject would 'solve' it. Therefore, the 1985 policy reform was mainly left up to the interpretation of local party officials and homophobia was relatively commonplace. However, the state's approach to homosexuality was still amongst the most progressive for its time. For example, the former first secretary of the central council of the FDJ argued for the importance of integrating the community into the public domain
“In accordance with our goals in the FDJ-Public Program 40 years of the GDR. . .we attribute much importance to the integration of homosexual youth as equal citizens. . . . I can assure you that the FDJ will continue to give great attention toward the complete equality of homosexual youth and other citizens in its diverse forms of political and ideological work.”
In 1988 the German Hygiene Museum, working in co-operation with East German gay and lesbian activists, commissioned the state film studio DEFA to make the documentary film (The Other Love), which was intended to convey official state acceptance of homosexuality. It was the first East German film that dealt with the topic.
AIDS
The AIDS crisis, as it was experienced by queer communities in the West, did not penetrate the GDR to the same extent. By 1989 only 84 people had been diagnosed with AIDS, compared to 37,052 in the FRG. While this statistic was conducted by a German AIDS organisation 10 years after, there is always the possibility that diagnoses do not necessarily denote the actual number of cases. Nevertheless, the lack of contact with the West and general isolation of the population meant that the AIDS epidemic was not as prevalent amongst the community. The SED hence treated the crisis as a problem of the capitalist West. In the later years of the GDR, however, AIDS was a peripheral concern of gay men in East Berlin, aware that West Berliners travelling to the city's Eastern sector had contact with the virus, but this concern never existed to the same extent as in the West.
The only HIV/AIDS prevention documentary produced in the GDR was (Love without fear), which the German Hygiene Museum commissioned DEFA to make in 1989. The film follows the AIDS prevention group (AIDS discussion circle) at a disco as they discuss AIDS prevention and interview an AIDS expert who clarifies that it is not a "gay disease".
Culture
The state remained to have a centralised control over media, often censoring queer content and thereby preventing any representation thereof. The most common mentions of queer-related themes were the pejorative use of (gay) and (lesbian) in jokes.
In the early years of the regime, advice writers in state media often deemed homosexuality as a perversion, pathology or deviance. This suffocated much queer culture, and the SED generally avoided talking about homosexuality altogether. It was only in 1965 that the central committee declared itself in favour of depiction of sex in literature and culture, yet it must have adhered to the perfect socialist narrative of romance, which undoubtedly excluded any form of non-heterosexual love. As a result, many activists turned to the Church printing press to create works as that did not suffer from this censorship, although some refused to work with the Church due to ideological reasons.
Despite the physical separation of Berlin after 1961, the West remained culturally influential in queer material. Rosa von Praunheim's film "Nicht der Homosexuelle ist pervers, sondern die Situation, in der er lebt" (It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse, But the Society in Which He Lives) was shown on Western television in 1973 and represented a key moment in the West German gay liberation movement. In the East, such a movement did not exist, but the film proved powerful for many queer East Germans, who remember the film as the first representation of non-heteronormative relations in the media.
After the 1985 party position to integrate homosexuals into the community, a knock on effect was felt in GDR arts and culture. A new openness was felt in the media, literature, print and broadcast media. In 1987 the TV program broke many taboos in openly discussing homosexuality as a natural part of human sexuality. In 1988, the state film studio, DEFA, on commission from the German Hygiene Museum produced the film Die andere Liebe (The other love), the first GDR documentary on homosexuality and in 1989 DEFA released the only GDR feature film Coming Out (1989 film), by the gay director Heiner Carow.
Notable figures
Rudolf Klimmer was a notable gay figure amongst the GDR community, practicing as a psychologist and sexologist as well as a gay activist. After the war he joined the SED and was a prominent figure in pushing for the removal of paragraph 175.
Eduard Stapel is another prominent figure, a theologian and leader of the Lesbian and Gay Church movement. In 1982 he founded the Homosexuality Working Group with Christian Pulz and Matthias Kittlitz in the Evangelical Student Centre in Leipzig. He continued to advocate for the queer community within the ecclesiastical sphere, and outside of it. The Stasi saw him as the main organiser of the gay rights movement in the GDR and its many groups and organisations that were removed from formal state institutions.
Charlotte von Mahlsdorf was East Germany's best-known trans woman. She lived outside Berlin in an inherited estate, which she converted into a local Gründerzeit museum. There, she hosted informal queer gatherings, which were eventually shut down by the Stasi.
References
LGBT rights in Germany
Society of East Germany
East German law
The St. Patrick's Catholic Church in West Pointe a'la Hache, Louisiana is a historic Roman Catholic church. It is located at 21997 LA 23, on the west bank of the Mississippi River.
The wood-frame building was constructed in 1918 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
It was built in 1918 to replace a previous church destroyed by a hurricane in 1915. The church includes some elements of Gothic Revival architecture. It used some materials salvaged from the former church.
The church was moved a short distance in 1937, from the east side of Louisiana Highway 23 in Port Sulphur to the west side. And it was somewhat enlarged then.
It was moved upriver its current location in Woodland Plantation in 1998 and a further addition to the church was then added.
The current St. Patrick's Catholic Church is a masonry structure built in 1954 to replace the wood-frame church. It is located in front of the former site of the wood frame one.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Gothic Revival church buildings in Louisiana
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1918
Churches in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Karanodai is a northern suburb of Chennai, India located 7 km north of Redhills on GNT Road connecting Chennai with Andhra Pradesh. The village is bounded on north side by Kosasthalaiyar River, also known as Kortalaiyar, which is one of the three rivers that flow in the Chennai metropolitan area. Surrounded by nearby villages like Authur, Sothuperumbedu, Sholavaram, Orakkadu, Nerkundram. Karanodai falls under Madhavaram Constituency in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly, and falls under Thiruvallur Constituency in the Lok Sabha.
Schools
Don Bosco Matriculation Higher Secondary School.
Government Higher Secondary School, Sholavaram.
Theatres
Gopalakrishana Theatre.
Karanodai Bridge
Built by the British Engineers this is one of the oldest bridge in the Chennai region which is on Chennai-Kolkata National Highway 5 connecting Chennai and Northern parts of India. Residents of Karanodai recalled the existing facility came up after the 125-year-old Karanodai bridge became dysfunctional fifteen years ago when its three spans were washed away by heavy flows in the river, caused due to the monsoon rains. A few two-wheelers continued to use it until the facility completely collapsed in December 2007.
References
Geography of Chennai
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
Raassilla is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia. Between 1991–2017 (until the administrative reform of Estonian municipalities) the village was located in Tarvastu Parish.
Raassilla is home to the Raassilla Speedway, which holds motorcross events. It is also the birthplace of Estonian botanist Jaan Port (1891–1950).
References
Villages in Viljandi County
The Kafue lechwe (Kobus leche kafuensis) is a subspecies of the southern lechwe. It is endemic to the Kafue Flats, Zambia. It is listed on the IUCN Red List as vulnerable.
References
Marsh antelopes
Mammals of Zambia
Endemic fauna of Zambia
Kafue lechwe
Yoshi is a fictional character from the Mario video game franchise.
Yoshi may also refer to:
People
Yoshi DeHerrera (born 1972), American television actor
, Japanese actor
Yoshi Sodeoka, American artist and musician
Yoshi Sudarso (born 1989), American actor, model and stuntman
Yoshi Tatsu (born 1977), ring name of Japanese pro-wrestler Naofumi Yamamoto
Yoshi Wada (1943–2021), Japanese-American musician
Ikuzo Yoshi (born 1952), Japanese singer
Y. Misdaq, aka Yoshi, British musician and multimedia artist
Hitomi Yoshizawa (born 1985), nicknamed Yoshi or Yossie, Japanese idol, Morning Musume member
Naoki Yoshida (born 1973), aka Yoshi-P, Japanese video game producer, director and designer working for Square-Enix
Places
Yoshi (crater), a small lunar crater in the vicinity of Aratus CA
Yoshi's, two jazz clubs of the same chain located in the U.S. cities of Oakland and San Francisco, both of which are in the state of California
Characters
Yoshi, a character in The Adventures of Dr. McNinja
Yoshi (Bleach), a character in the Bleach anime series
Yoshino Fujieda, a character in the anime series Digimon Data Squad who is nicknamed "Yoshi" in the dub
Hamato Yoshi, a character in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles universe
Yosshii, a character in the anime series Don't Toy with Me, Miss Nagatoro who is nicknamed Yoshi in the dubbed version
Other uses
Yoshi (mammal), a prehistoric genus of sabertooth cats
Yoshi (franchise), a video game franchise
Yoshi (video game), a 1991 video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy
See also
Yoshii (disambiguation)
Japanese unisex given names
Sağırin, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Kafo Faboli is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 217 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 8,130. The village of Peguena, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 60 km northwest of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Nikanor Ivanović (; 1825 – 1894) was Bishop of Cetinje and Metropolitan of Montenegro and the Highlands from 1858 to 1860.
Biography
Nikanor Ivanović was born in Drniš, where his family came from Njeguši. He was, probably, taught theology in Zadar. There, before 1857, he was raised to the dignity of archimandrite. Then he stayed in Savina Monastery. In 1857, the Montenegrin prince Danilo II Petrović-Njegoš elected him as the secretary and vice chairman of the Montenegrin Senate, and then as the new Metropolitan of Montenegro and the Highlands. This office has been vacant since 1851, when Petar II Petrović-Njegoš, the last hierarch who combined metropolitan dignity with secular power in Montenegro, died. His successor Danilo II decided to change the existing system of state so that Montenegro could be recognized internationally as an independent country (claims to its territory were reported by the Ottoman Empire, claiming that the metropolitan princes only exercised spiritual authority). The decision was supported by the Russian Empire.
In 1860, Danilo II was assassinated in Kotor (then part of the Austrian Empire) and was buried in the Cetinje Monastery. Metropolitan Nikanor did not appear at his funeral, which resulted in his removal from office by the new Prince Nikola I. The hierarch went to Crimea, Russian Empire and from there to Italy. He died on 9 April 1894 in Gorizia, Austria-Hungary.
References
External links
Mr. Aleksandar Stamatović: Kratka istorija Mitropolije Crnogorsko-primorske (1219–1999)
1825 births
1894 deaths
19th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
Bishops of Montenegro and the Littoral
Austrian Empire people
People of the Principality of Montenegro
People from Drniš
19th-century Montenegrin people
Serbs of Croatia
Gals and Pals was a Swedish vocal group founded in 1962 by Lasse Bagge. The group was active until 1967. The ensemble's first members were, besides Bagge: Kerstin Bagge, Ulla Hallin, Pia Lang, Svante Thuresson, Leppe Sundevall and Beppo Gräsman. Later, members included Monica Dominique, Gillis Broman and Lena Willemark. The first time the group was on stage was in the show "FiFajFoFum eller Hur" in Berns Salonger in 1963, together with Catrin Westerlund and Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt.
Many of the Gals and Pals Swedish lyrics were written by Beppe Wolgers, but the group also collaborated with Povel Ramel and Tage Danielsson and Hans Alfredson. Their non-Swedish repertoire consisted largely of songs written by Burt Bacharach.
Discography
Gals and Pals sings Gals and Pals' favorites (1964)
Gals and Pals på nya äfventyr (1965)
Sing Something for Everyone (1966)
I San Francisco (1967)
Vocals 1963-1967 (1993)
Guldkorn (2000)
1962 establishments in Sweden
1967 disestablishments in Sweden
Swedish musical groups
Musical groups established in 1962
Musical groups disestablished in 1967
There have been five baronetcies created for members of the old established family of Peyton Hall in the parish of Boxford in Suffolk, all of whom were descended from Sir Robert Peyton (d.1518) of Isleham in Cambridgeshire, grandson and heir of Thomas Peyton (1418–1484) of Isleham, twice Sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire, in 1443 and 1453. All the baronetcies are extinct.
The Peyton Baronetcy, of Isleham in the County of Cambridge, was created in the Baronetage of England on 22 May 1611 for John Peyton, a great-grandson of Sir Robert Peyton. The first and second Baronets both served as Member of Parliament for Cambridgeshire. This Baronetcy was extinct in 1815 on the death of the 8th Baronet.
The Peyton Baronetcy, of Knowlton in the County of Kent, was created in the Baronetage of England on 29 June 1611 for Samuel Peyton, also a great-grandson of Sir Robert Peyton and a second cousin of Sir John Peyton, 1st Baronet of Isleham. His son Sir Thomas Peyton, 2nd Baronet, was a Member of Parliament in the Restoration Parliament of 1660. The Baronetcy became extinct on his death.
The Peyton Baronetcy, of Doddington in the County of Cambridge, was created on 10 December 1660 for John Peyton, a great-grandson of Sir Robert Peyton and second cousin once removed of the first baronets of Isleham and Knowlton. This Sir John died unmarried soon after his preferment but the baronetcy was recreated on 21 March 1667 for his brother Algernon Peyton. The Baronetcy became extinct on the death of the 3rd Baronet in 1771. The Baronetcy was created for the third time on 18 September 1776 for Henry Dashwood, son of Margaret Peyton, daughter of Sir Sewster Peyton, second Baronet of the second creation. Dashwood, who was related to the Dashwood baronets changed his name by Act of Parliament to Henry Dashwood Peyton. From about 1830 the family was seated at Swifts House, Stoke Lyne, Oxfordshire. The second baronet served as High Sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire for 1808 and the fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh Baronets served as High Sheriff of Oxfordshire for 1871, 1881, 1896 and 1928 respectively. The first and second Baronets sat as MPs for Cambridgeshire in 1782 and 1802 respectively. The baronetcy became extinct on the death of the seventh Baronet in 1962.
Peyton baronets, of Isleham (1611)
Sir John Peyton, 1st Baronet (1560–1617)
Sir Edward Peyton, 2nd Baronet (died 1657)
Sir John Peyton, 3rd Baronet (1607–1666)
Sir John Peyton, 4th Baronet (died 1721)
Sir Yelverton Peyton, 5th Baronet (died 1748)
Sir Charles Peyton, 6th Baronet (died 1760)
Sir John Peyton, 7th Baronet (died 1772)
Sir Yelverton Peyton, 8th Baronet (1739–1815)
Peyton baronets, of Knowlton (1611)
Sir Samuel Peyton, 1st Baronet (c.1590–1623)
Sir Thomas Peyton, 2nd Baronet (c.1613–1684)
Peyton baronets, of Doddington (1660; First creation)
Sir John Peyton, 1st Baronet (died 1661)
Peyton baronets, of Doddington (1667; Second creation)
Sir Algernon Peyton, 1st Baronet (1645–1671)
Sir Sewster Peyton, 2nd Baronet (died 1717)
Sir Thomas Peyton, 3rd Baronet (died 1771)
Peyton baronets, of Doddington (1776; Third creation)
Sir Henry Dashwood Peyton, 1st Baronet (1736–1789)
Sir Henry Peyton, 2nd Baronet (1779–1854)
Sir Henry Peyton, 3rd Baronet (1804–1866)
Sir Algernon Peyton, 4th Baronet (1833–1872)
Sir Thomas Peyton, 5th Baronet (1817–1888)
Sir Algernon Francis Peyton, 6th Baronet (1855–1916)
Sir Algernon Peyton, 7th Baronet (1889–1962)
References
A Genealogical and Heraldic History of the Extinct and Dormant Baronetcies of England Ireland and Scotland (1838) Burke and Burke p 406 Google Books
A Genealogical and Heraldic History of the Extinct and Dormant Baronetcies of England Ireland and Scotland 2nd Edition (1844) Burke and Burke p 411 Google Books
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of England
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Boxford, Suffolk
Sandae noli is a regional variant of Korean mask dance drama. According to some scholars, it may be the root form of many other Korean mask dance dramas today, as it was created and managed by the Sandae Dogam, a government office in charge of providing entertainment both in the capital and in important regional centers. The Sandae Dogam was disbanded in the early 1600s, leaving many performers unemployed and searching for work. It is thought that the stories of these performers became modern day plays such as Songpa Sandae Noli and Yangju Byeolsandae and influenced many other performance forms in Korea. Although modern Koreans tend to use the Korean term talchum to refer to all types of mask dance drama, talchum is properly only applied to three extant mask dance dramas from Hwanghae Province in North Korea.
Bibliography
References
Korean dance
Important Intangible Cultural Properties of South Korea
Yaylakılıçlı, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Simone Holtznagel is an Australian fashion model, best known for her appearance in Australia's Next Top Model (cycle 7).
Australia's Next Top Model
In October 2011, Holtznagel was named as the second runner-up in Australia's Next Top Model, Cycle 7 in the finale at the Sydney Opera House.
Career
Since appearing on Australia's Next Top Model, Holtznagel has featured in campaigns for brands such as Bras N Things, Playboy and Guess.
In January 2018, Holtznagel was revealed as a celebrity contestant on the fourth season of the Australian version of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Top Model finalists
Australian female models
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian TV series) participants
"Rhythm Emotion" is the second single by J-pop duo Two-Mix, released by King Records on November 22, 1995. Composed by the duo of Shiina Nagano and Minami Takayama, the song was used as the second opening theme of the anime series Mobile Suit Gundam Wing.
The single peaked at No. 8 on Oricon's weekly singles chart, becoming the duo's first top-10 single. It sold over 353,000 copies and was certified Gold by the RIAJ.
Track listing
All lyrics are written by Shiina Nagano. All music is composed by Minami Takayama. All music is arranged by Two-Mix.
Chart position
Certification
Other versions
Remixes of the song were released on the albums Two-(Re)Mix, BPM 150 Max, and BPM "Dance Unlimited". The duo recorded an orchestral mix with Les Solistes de Versailles on the 1998 self-cover album Baroque Best. An English-language version was recorded on the 2000 self-cover album BPM Cube.
Cover versions
Move covered the song on their 2011 cover album anim.o.v.e. 03.
Yui Sakakibara covered the song on her 2015 cover album Love × Cover Songs 2.
Nagi Yanagi covered the song on the 2022 various artists album Two-Mix Tribute Album "Crysta-Rhythm".
References
External links
1995 singles
1995 songs
Two-Mix songs
Gundam songs
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing
Japanese-language songs
King Records (Japan) singles
Songs written by Minami Takayama
2014 IWRF World Championship was the 6th international world wheelchair rugby competition, which took place between August 4 to August 10. The championships were contested between the world's twelve top national teams and was held at the Arena Fyn at Odense Congress Center in Odense, Denmark. The tournament was won by Australia, their first title.
As winners, Australia took the first slot for the wheelchair rugby tournament at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio.
Tournament
Twelve teams contested the 2014 IWRF World Championship. The preliminary rounds consisted of a group stage where the teams were split into two leagues which were contested as a round-robin. This was then followed by a round of crossover matches that determined the semi-finalists.
Preliminary Round
Group A
Group B
Classification rounds
9th - 12th places
5th - 8th places
Medals round
References
2014
2014 in wheelchair rugby
wheelchair rugby
International rugby union competitions hosted by Denmark
Mesa County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 155,703. The county seat is Grand Junction. The county was named for the many large mesas in the area, including Grand Mesa.
Mesa County comprises the Grand Junction, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 2020 it ranked as the 271st most populous metropolitan area in the United States. It is the only metropolitan area in Colorado not located on the Front Range of Colorado.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water. It is the fourth-largest county by area in Colorado.
Adjacent counties
Garfield County – north
Pitkin County – east
Gunnison County – east
Delta County – southeast
Montrose County – south
Grand County, Utah – west
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 50
State Highway 65
State Highway 139
State Highway 141
State Highway 330
State Highway 340
45 1/2 Rd
National protected areas
Black Ridge Canyons Wilderness
Colorado National Monument
Dominguez Canyon Wilderness
Dominguez-Escalante National Conservation Area (part)
Grand Mesa National Forest
Manti-La Sal National Forest
McInnis Canyons National Conservation Area (part)
Uncompahgre National Forest
White River National Forest
State protected areas
Highline Lake State Park
James M. Robb – Colorado River State Park
Vega State Park
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Dinosaur Diamond Prehistoric Highway National Scenic Byway
Grand Mesa National Scenic and Historic Byway
Kokopelli Trail
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Unaweep/Tabeguache Scenic and Historic Byway
Colorado Riverfront Trail
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 146,723 people, 58,095 households, and 38,593 families living in the county. The population density was 44.1 people per square mile (17.23.1/km2). There were 62,644 housing units. Information that follows comes from the 2000 American Factfinder data: The racial makeup of the county was 92.34% White, 0.46% Black or African American, 0.91% Native American, 0.53% Asian, 0.10% Pacific Islander, 3.67% from other races, and 1.99% from two or more races. 10.02% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 45,823 households, out of which 31.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.30% were married couples living together, 9.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.10% were non-families. 25.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.00% under the age of 18, 9.40% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 23.70% from 45 to 64, and 15.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 96.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,864, and the median income for a family was $43,009. Males had a median income of $32,316 versus $22,374 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,715. About 7.00% of families and 10.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.50% of those under age 18 and 8.10% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Unlike most urban counties, Mesa County is strongly Republican. It has voted Democratic only once since 1952, during Lyndon Johnson's 1964 landslide, and Hubert Humphrey in the following 1968 election is the last Democrat to tally forty percent of the county's vote.
2020-2021 alleged county clerk election tampering
It was reported in August 2021 that the Mesa County Clerk Tina Peters in May 2021 allowed an unauthorized person into a secure facility during an annual upgrade to the county's election equipment software, compromising the equipment. The security breach meant Mesa County would not be able to use the equipment for its fall 2021 election.
This was not the first time Peters had been a source of election controversy. In February 2020, it was discovered that Peters' office neglected to count 574 ballots cast in a dropbox outside her office. These uncounted ballots were cast in the November 2019 election and remained uncounted in the dropbox for 3 months. They were found only because Peters' office checked the dropbox for ballots cast in the next election - the 2020 presidential primary. This prompted an attempt to recall Peters as county clerk. The effort was unsuccessful.
In March 2022, Peters was indicted by a Mesa County grand jury on seven felonies and three misdemeanor counts of election tampering and misconduct related to the alleged May 2021 security breach. Her deputy, Belinda Knisley, was charged on six counts. At the time of indictment, Peters was a candidate for Colorado Secretary of State, a position that would involve supervising the state's elections. In May 2022, a Colorado district judge prohibited Peters and Knisley from overseeing November 2022 Mesa County elections, the second year of such a prohibition.
Communities
Cities
Fruita
Grand Junction
Towns
Collbran
De Beque
Palisade
Census-designated places
Clifton
Fruitvale
Loma
Orchard Mesa
Redlands
Other unincorporated places
Carpenter
Gateway
Mack
Mesa
Molina
Plateau City
Whitewater
Transportation
Road
Interstate 70 runs from Interstate 15 in Cove Fort, Utah to Baltimore, Maryland, connecting Grand Junction to Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis, Indianapolis, and Columbus. Via Interstate 15, it connects Grand Junction with Las Vegas, Nevada, and southern California.
U.S. Highway 6 serves 14 states, running east–west from Provincetown, Massachusetts, to Bishop, California. In Colorado, it generally runs parallel to Interstate 76 and Interstate 70.
U.S. Highway 50 crosses 12 states, linking Ocean City, Maryland, with Sacramento, California. In Colorado, U.S. 50 connects Grand Junction with Montrose, Gunnison, and Pueblo, and to the west, it travels into the state of Utah.
SH 340 runs east–west, starting at First Street in downtown Grand Junction, traversing the Redlands and ending at U.S. Highway 6 and U.S. Highway 50 in Fruita.
Air
Downtown Grand Junction is 4.8 mies from Grand Junction Regional Airport, 25 miles from Mack Mesa Airport and 12.6 miles from Pinyon Airport.
Train
An Amtrak station is in downtown Grand Junction. The California Zephyr makes daily stops on its way between San Francisco and Chicago.
Bus
A Greyhound bus station is in Grand Junction. Grand Valley Transit serves the area's eleven fixed routes.
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
Grand Valley AVA
Grand Junction Metropolitan Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mesa County, Colorado
Mesa County Public Library District
References
External links
Mesa County official website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1883 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1883
The 1979 Texas–Arlington Mavericks football team was an American football team that represented the University of Texas at Arlington in the Southland Conference during the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season. In their sixth year under head coach Harold Elliott, the team compiled a 9–2 record.
Schedule
References
Texas–Arlington
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football seasons
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football
Squadron Leader Shikha Subas Pandey (born 12 May 1989) is an Indian cricketer and officer in the Indian Air Force (IAF). She plays for the national cricket team as a right-arm medium pacer and middle-order batter, and is an IAF air traffic control officer.
Pandey made her international Twenty20 (T20) debut on 9 March 2014 against Bangladesh at Cox's Bazar cricket stadium in Bangladesh. In August of the same year, she made her One Day International cricket (ODI) and Test cricket debuts against England at Wormsley and Scarborough, respectively.
Early life
Pandey did her schooling under the Central Board of Secondary Education, India. At the age of 15, she became the first player affiliated with state board to represent India. Within months of this affiliation and getting introduced into the formal set-up, Surekha Bhandare, former Mumbai player and selector, saw her playing and believed that Pandey had all the markings of a future India player. "The raw talent in her was hard to go unnotice," Bhandare was quoted stating. In the class-ten board (secondary school) exams, she won the state-wide third rank. It was then that she decided to focus more on studies and cricket took a back seat for the next three years. It was not before her second year as an undergraduate in Electronics and Electrical Engineering that she has begun pursuing the sport with serious intent.
Academic has always been important to Pandey and had to juggle cricket and college, where she would spend her morning doing gym sessions and academic work, and her afternoons would include a 12 km journey to Mapusa so she could train under Nitin Vernekar, former Goa cricketer and Sports Authority of Goa coach. This phase was very crucial to her growth as a cricketer as being the only girl at the boy's facility facing U-16 and U-19 boys honed her reaction time against pace bowling.
However, she did not let her focus on game affect her academic performance. She particularly credits Ujwala Phadte, her lecturer in Applied Mathematics for helping her throughout this phase and making sure her grades were not inversely proportional to her on-field performance.
After completing her engineering degree from Goa College of Engineering in 2010, three multinational companies offered her opportunities, but she declined all these placement offers and decided to take a year off and focus on her cricketing career completely. In July 2011, she joined Indian Air Force, and in June 2012 was commissioned as an air traffic controller. At the time of the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup, she held the rank of Squadron Leader.
Cricket career
At the age of 15, Pandey was selected to play for Goa in 2004. Later at the age of 17 for the 2007–08 domestic season, she was selected to play for Goa's Women Senior State Side. In the inter-state two-day tournament, Rani Jhansi Trophy, she picked up a four-wicket haul. This was also her Goa senior women's debut. Thirushi Kamini, then already an Indian international, was her first wicket which was a caught-and-bowled. What fast-tracked her selection into the zonal squad the same season was her scoring three half-centuries for the Goa Under-19 side.
In her year off from her engineering course and Pandey played in Board President's XI against the visiting England and West Indies teams in 2010 and January 2011 respectively and also took her first "international wicket, albeit unofficial," Charlotte Edwards in the 2010 tour game. She continued to play for Goa and after 2013–14 season of Inter-State T20 tournament (Plate group) she was selected for India's tour of Bangladesh consisting 3 friendly matches with Bangladesh and 2014 ICC Women's World Twenty20.
After Dilip Sardesai, Pandey is the first player from Goa to play for any Indian national team. She is also the first Goa Cricket Association affiliated cricketer to play international level cricket for India. She is the first Goa-born player to play ODIs and international T20s and 2nd player to play Test cricket, after Saredesai, thus becoming first cricketer to have played both state level cricket for Goa and international level cricket for India. After the T20 World Cup, she played one-off Test match and 2 ODI matches against England. She was instrumental in India's win against South Africa on 26 November 2014. She took 3 wickets and scored 59 runs.
Pandey was part of the Indian team to reach the final of the 2017 Women's Cricket World Cup where the team lost to England by nine runs. In January 2020, she was named in India's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia. In May 2021, she was named in India's Test squad for their one-off match against the England women's cricket team.
Personal life
Pandey's nickname is "Shikhipedia", an allusion to her self-confessed status as a "cricket geek".
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Air traffic controllers
Cricketers from Goa
Goa women cricketers
Goa cricketers
Indian women cricketers
India women Test cricketers
India women One Day International cricketers
India women Twenty20 International cricketers
Indian Air Force personnel
People from Karimnagar
IPL Trailblazers cricketers
IPL Velocity cricketers
Eskibağ, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Mierzowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately north of Prochowice, north-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Mierzowice
Aronen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eeva-Kaarina Aronen (1948–2015), Finnish author and journalist
Nestori Aronen (1876–1954), Finnish politician
Toivo Aronen (1886–1973), Finnish politician
Finnish-language surnames
Miguel Ruiz (1856–1912) founded a coffee processing company which would later become "Jimenez & Fernandez, Sucrs, Inc." the makers of Café Yaucono.
Early years
Ruiz, a native of San Juan, Puerto Rico, began working in the coffee industry at a young age. His interest in that sector of agriculture led him to establish a small coffee processing company in Miramar, a section of San Juan. In 1896, Ruiz started elaborating coffee using rudimentary equipment. His small operation started to grow and he soon sent for his cousin-in-law, Tiburio Jiménez, who lived in Spain. In 1911, Jiménez went to work and immediately, he too fell in love with the coffee industry. In 1912, tragedy befell upon the family and Miguel Ruiz died. He left the company in the hands of his family and Jimenez.
"Cafe Yaucono"
Tomas Prado, from Yauco was the owner of "The Coffee Co." and in 1914, created the coffee brand "Cafe Yaucono". Jiménez became interested in the brand and soon began negotiations with Prado with the intention of buying him out. In 1916, Prado sold "The Coffee Co." and its brand "Yaucono" to the heirs of Migul Ruiz. In 1917, the Ruiz family sold the company and Jiménez quit the company. Soon afterwards, Jiménez started his own company with Juan Fernández which they named "Jiménez & Fernandez, Sucrs.".
Jiménez & Fernandez, Sucrs, Inc.
In 1921, the company, which was incorporated and renamed "Jimenez & Fernandez, Sucrs, Inc.", bought a lot in the Fernández Juncos Ave. and built a two-story building. The company operated in the first floor and the Jiménez family lived in the second floor. Jiménez married and had three children, among them José Enrique Jiménez.
In 1931, Juan Fernández sold his part of the company to Jiménez. During this period the company was faced with limitations and hardships. The Great Depression, hurricanes and World War II almost completely bankrupted the entire coffee industry in Puerto Rico. Jiménez was forced to close his company on two occasions during this time.
When Jiménez reopened the company, the demand for coffee was so great that its sales soared. In 1957, Tiburcio's son José Enrique, began to work for "Yaucono" and in 1960, he was named Manager of the Sales and Marketing departments. José Enrique started a strong advertising campaign and in 1963 introduced the "Cafe Yaucono" character "Mama Inés", becoming one of the biggest marketing symbols in Puerto Rican history. In 1965, José Enrique was named president and CEO of the company.
Postscript
In 1985, "Café Yaucono" received the highest award from the Puerto Rico Product Association, the "International Award for Quality". In 1996, "Cafe Yaucono" received the "Commercial Prestige Award" from Spain. "Cafe Yaucono" controls 40% of the coffee market in Puerto Rico.
Miguel Ruiz died in San Juan, Puerto Rico in 1912 and Tiburcio Jiménez died in 1975 in the same city.
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
Café Rico
References
External links
Yaucono Memories
1856 births
1912 deaths
Puerto Rican businesspeople
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
19th-century American businesspeople
Boitumelo Elizabeth Moloi is a South African politician currently serving as the Deputy Minister of Employment and Labour.
She has been a Member of Parliament for the African National Congress since the 2019 general election.
Personal life
She was hospitalised on 5 January 2021, and tested positive for COVID-19.
References
Living people
African National Congress politicians
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Year of birth missing (living people)
F* may refer to:
F*ck (film) or Fuck
F* (programming language)
{{Infobox musical artist
| name = VrčakВрчакVrchak
| background = solo_singer
| image =
| image_size =
| caption =
| native_name = Раде Врчаковски
| native_name_lang = mkc
| birth_name = Rade Vrčakovski
| alias = Vrčak
| birth_date =
| birth_place = SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia
| origin = North Macedonia
| genre = Pop-rap, Pop, Trap, Psychedelic trance
| occupation = Singer, songwriter
| instrument =
| years_active = 1999–2009
| label =
| associated_acts = Adrian Gaxha
| website =
}}
Rade Vrčakovski ( ; born 17 November 1980 in Strumica) better known by his stage name Vrčak (Врчак) is a Macedonian singer.
He represented North Macedonia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008, performing the song "Let Me Love You" along with Tamara Todevska and Adrian Gaxha.
Biography
Internationally, he is known for writing the lyrics for "Ninanajna", the song with which Elena Risteska represented North Macedonia at the 2006 Eurovision song contest. Vrčak is a Medicine student at the University of Cyril and Methodius in Skopje but chose a career in music, following the footsteps of his father. Vrčak's latest album, Vo tvoeto srce, was released in 2006 and was a huge success within North Macedonia, as it was one of the biggest selling albums in the country. Singles from the album received heavy airplay on the Macedonian TV and Radio stations. The album gave him a successful musical come-back, making him one of the most popular artists in North Macedonia.
In 2001, Vrčak performed at Makfest, even though his first album, Kako Da Pobegnam Od Sè, was released in 1999. He performed with Andrijana Janevska and placed third in the competition. In 2004, he performed on Makfest once again, however, this time he had a duet with Robert Bilbilov which landed him the third spot once again, though it was not his last performance at Makfest. In 2006, his duet with Tamara Todevska earned him first place in the competition. Vrčak, along with Tamara Todevska and Adrian Gaxha, represented North Macedonia at the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest, after having won the Macedonian qualifier with the song "Vo Ime Na Ljubovta".
Discography
AlbumsKako Da Pobegnam Od Sè (1999)Vo Tvoeto Srce (2006)Na sedmo nebo'' (2009)
See also
Music of the Republic of Macedonia
Macedonian hip hop
References
1980 births
Living people
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for North Macedonia
Macedonian pop singers
Macedonian physicians
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2008
People from Strumica
This is a list of all cricketers who have played first-class, List A or Twenty20 cricket for Bengal cricket team. Seasons given are first and last seasons; the player did not necessarily play in all the intervening seasons. Players in bold have played international cricket.
Last updated at the end of the 2015/16 season.
A
Prabir Acharya, 1995/96
James Alexander, 1936/37–1937/38
Alok Pratap Singh, 2012/13–2015/16
Boddupalli Amit, 2013/14
Pravin Amre, 1996/97
Madhav Apte, 1957/58
Kapil Arora, 1994/95
Monish Arora, 1998/99
G Arratoon, 1935/36
D Adhikary, 1980/81–1982/83
B
C
D
E
Abhimanyu Easwaran, 2013/14-2015/16
Frederick Eccleston, 1939/40
Eklak Ahmid, 2006/07
F
Farsatullah, 1977/78-1981/82
Humza Ferozie, 1995/96-2001/02
Benjamin Frank, 1948/49-1953/54
G
H
Nikhil Haldipur, 1994/95-2004/05
Amherst Hammond, 1939/40
Fred Harker, 1944/45
Edward Harvey-Johnston, 1942/43-1943/44
Haseen Ahmed, 1980/81
Narendra Hirwani, 1996/97
Amit Hore, 1987/88
Alexander Hosie, 1935/36-1937/38
Louis Hunt, 1935/36
Hyder Ali, 1979/80
I
Mohammad Idris, 1979/80
Charles Inder, 1937/38
J
Abdul Jabbar, 1938/39-1943/44
Rusi Jeejeebhoy, 1965/66-1972/73
Abhishek Jhunjhunwala, 2005/06-2012/13
Jitendra Singh, 1987/88
Munish Jolly, 1997/98
Peter Judge, 1944/45
K
Mohammed Kaif, 2020/21-
Shrikant Kalyani, 1989/90-2000/01
Ahmed Kamal, 1936/37-1940/41
Sushil Kapoor, 1961/62-1963/64
Saba Karim, 1994/95-2000/01
Soumen Karmarkar, 1993/94
Norman Kendrew, 1940/41
Ramnath Kenny, 1961/62
Keki Khambatta, 1935/36-1937/38
Satish Khanna, 1950/51-1959/60
Lester King, 1962/63 (played international cricket for West Indies)
Rakesh Krishnan, 2004/05
Satyendra Kuckreja, 1957/58-1963/64
Amit Kuila, 2014/15
Mukesh Kumar, 2015/16
Ritam Kundu, 2004/05-2008/09
Soumendranath Kundu, 1958/59-1968/69
L
Alokendu Lahiri, 1994/95-2002/03
Saurasish Lahiri, 1999/00-2014/15
Arun Lal, 1981/82-1995/96
Murtaza Lodhgar, 1997/98-2007/08
Tom Longfield, 1935/36-1938/39
M
N
Arnab Nandi, 2009/10-2013/14
Palash Nandy, 1969/70-1983/84
Pranob Nandy, 1979/80-1986/87
Sunil Nandy, 1958/59
Maharaja of Cooch Behar Jagaddipendra Narayan, 1942/43-1945/46
Samarendra Nath, 1966/67-1967/68
Naved Ahmed, 2015/16
C. S. Nayudu, 1950/51-1951/52
Pradeep Neogy, 1981/82
John Nuttall, 1941/42
O
Mohammad-Al Obaidullah, 1941/42
Pragyan Ojha, 2015/16
P
R
S
T
Cyril Tamplin, 1942/43
James Taylor, 1952/53
Anurag Tiwari, 2015/16
OP Tiwari, 1994/95
Manoj Tiwary, 2003/04-2015/16
V
Prashant Vaidya, 1992/93-1995/96
Paul van der Gucht, 1935/36-1947/48
Ajay Varma, 1986/87-1997/98
Veer Pratap Singh, 2011/12-2015/16
Raja Venkatraman, 1980/81-1991/92
Vivek Singh, 2012/13-2013/14
W
John Warren, 1935/36
Robin Waters, 1962/63
Desmond Whittaker, 1954/55
Y
Vishal Yadav, 1999/00
Notes
References
Bengal cricketers
cricketers
Sarah Noel Colonna (born December 29, 1974) is an American stand-up comedian, actress, and comedy writer. She appeared as a roundtable regular on the hit E! cable TV network comedy/talk show Chelsea Lately.
Early life
Colonna was born in Wiesbaden, West Germany. She grew up in Farmington, Arkansas with her mother, who is a secretary in a funeral home. Her father was a newspaper sports editor in Los Angeles, California. Her great-great uncle was actor and comedian Jerry Colonna. She attended the University of Arkansas and later moved to Los Angeles in pursuit of a career in acting and stand-up comedy. Colonna also worked as a bartender before becoming an entertainer.
Career
Colonna's first televised stand up appearance was on Comedy Central's Premium Blend, hosted by Harland Williams. In 2006, she was one of 5 finalists in TBS and Myspace's "Stand up or Sit Down Comedy Challenge," which aired on TBS and was taped at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Colonna also appeared on BBC's The World Stands Up, which tapes in London and features popular comedians from around the world.
In 2008, Colonna filmed a pilot for TBS titled Comedy Road Show which taped on location in Macon, Georgia. That same year, she also began appearing regularly on the hit E! show Chelsea Lately as a roundtable guest, and in 2009 was hired full-time as a writer for the show. Handler's production company, Borderline Amazing Productions, produced the Comedians of Chelsea Lately, which featured some of the popular comics from her show, on which Colonna was featured. The special was taped at the Nokia Club in Los Angeles, shown on E!, and sparked a tour of the comics across the country which began in the fall of 2009.
Colonna also has appeared on various television shows, including Battle Creek, The United States of Tara, Monk, Strong Medicine, Invasion, and Days of Our Lives. She was also a regular on the hit hidden camera Sci Fi show Scare Tactics, which was originally hosted by actress Shannen Doherty, and later hosted by comedian/actor Tracy Morgan of Saturday Night Live fame. She also co-starred in Michael Rosenbaum's film Back in the Day and Diablo Cody's Paradise.
Colonna has been headlining nationally as a comedian and has also performed with Chelsea Handler at venues such as Radio City Music Hall and The Colosseum at Caesars Palace. She starred as part of the ensemble cast of E!'s network television series After Lately and also served as a producer on the show. Her first book, Life As I Blow It, was released on February 7, 2012 and debuted at number 5 on the New York Times Bestseller List. Her second book, Has Anyone Seen My Pants? was released on March 31, 2015 by Gallery Books, an imprint of Simon & Schuster. Colonna continues to headline nationally throughout the country and also has a weekly podcast with fellow Chelsea Lately comedian Josh Wolf called Off The Rails, which is available on iTunes.
Colonna appeared as a guest spy on Bar Rescue when she did recon for Second Base, formerly Extreme's, in addition to appearing alongside Jon Ryan as one of the recon spies for Black Light District Rock & Roll Lounge.
In 2017, it was announced that Colonna was cast as Angie Bladell in Insatiable, which premiered August 10, 2018 on Netflix.
Since 2019, Colonna has appeared as Lori on Shameless''.
Personal life
Colonna became engaged to Seattle Seahawks punter Jon Ryan in 2014. They married July 9, 2016, in Los Cabos, Mexico. Comedian Ross Mathews, who introduced the couple to each other, officiated at the ceremony.
Published works
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
American television actresses
American women comedians
Actresses from Arkansas
Actresses from Los Angeles
21st-century American actresses
People from Washington County, Arkansas
University of Arkansas alumni
21st-century American writers
Writers from Arkansas
21st-century American women writers
People from Wiesbaden
Comedians from California
21st-century American comedians
The Registered Organisations Commission (ROC) is an independent, statutory authority of the Australian Government, responsible for the regulation and education of registered organisations (that is, trade unions and employer organisations) in Australia. The ROC was established under the Fair Work (Registered Organisations) Amendment Act 2016 (Cth).
The role of the ROC includes the following functions:
assessing the financial reports, annual returns, and disclosure statements by organisations and their branches;
arranging elections for organisations and their branches;
approving governance and compliance training;
providing education, assistance and advice to organisations; and
conducting inquiries and investigations into breaches of registered organisation legislation.
The legislation establishing the ROC (originally put into the Australian Parliament as the Fair Work Amendment (Registered Organisations) Bill 2014) was one of the double dissolution triggers for the 2016 federal election under section 57 of the Australian Constitution. Following the election, the Turnbull Government was successful in passing the legislation establishing the ROC with the vote of Senators Pauline Hanson, Nick Xenophon and Derryn Hinch.
The current Registered Organisations Commissioner (in office since the establishment of the ROC in May 2017) is Mr Mark Bielecki, a former South Australian Regional Commissioner at the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
References
External links
Website
Commonwealth Government agencies of Australia
2017 establishments in Australia
Regulatory authorities of Australia
Australian labour law
Twin Cobra, known as in Japan, is a vertically scrolling shooter developed by Toaplan and released for arcades in 1987 by Taito in Japan and Europe, then in North America by Romstar. It is a sequel to the 1985 arcade game Tiger-Heli. Controlling the titular attack helicopter, the players must fight endless waves of military vehicles while avoiding collision with their projectiles and other obstacles. It was the fourth shoot 'em up game from Toaplan, and their tenth video game overall. It was ported to multiple platforms, with each done by different third-party developers that made several changes or additions.
Twin Cobra was a success for Toaplan, garnering positive reception from western critics and earning several awards from Gamest. The game was met with mixed response from magazines, specifically the home versions. In 1995, the sequel Twin Cobra II was released. The rights to the game are owned by Tatsujin, a Japanese company formed by Masahiro Yuge.
Gameplay
Twin Cobra is a military-themed vertically scrolling shoot 'em up game, in which players take control of the titular attack helicopter through ten increasingly difficult levels, each with a boss at the end that must be fought before progressing any further, in order to defeat an assortment of military enemy forces like tanks, battleships, and artillery as the main objective. The title initially appears to be very standard, as players control their craft over a constantly scrolling background and the scenery never stops moving until a helipad is reached. Players have only two weapons at their disposal: the standard shot that travels a max distance of the screen's height and three bombs.
The bombs are powerful weapons capable of obliterating any enemy caught within its blast radius and collecting "B" icons adds an extra bomb stock. A new gameplay addition compared to its predecessor are power-up items that appear via enemy carriers; There are four types of weapons in the game that can be switched between after destroying incoming carriers by picking up color-changing icons ranging from red, blue, green and yellow, while "S" icons increases the helicopter's firepower. Other items scattered throughout the levels such as 1UPs and star-shaped gold medals, which grants a 3000-point bonus by collecting them, can also be picked up along the way. Players are given two lives initially and bonus lives are awarded at certain point thresholds and every point threshold thereafter.
Depending on the region, the title uses either a checkpoint system in which a downed single player will start off at the beginning of the checkpoint they managed to reach before dying, or a respawn system where their ship immediately starts at the location they died at. Getting hit by enemy fire or colliding against enemies will result in losing a live, as well as a penalty of decreasing the helicopter's firepower to his original state and once all lives are lost, the game is over unless the players insert more credits into the arcade machine to continue playing. After completing the last stage as with previous titles from Toaplan, the game begins again with the second loop increasing in difficulty and enemies fire denser bullet patterns.
Development
Twin Cobras creation process and history was recounted through various Japanese publications by composers Masahiro Yuge and Tatsuya Uemura, both of which collaborated with the soundtrack using guitar and marked the second time Toaplan made use of FM synthesis. Yuge stated that the basic structure for the game was already decided during development of Slap Fight by pursuing the excitement of shooting and dodging, settling on the bomb and shot system, claiming that firing a bomb relieved stress from players, as they wanted to make a game that was fun by looking at and get passionate about it. Yuge also claimed that the word "Kyūkyoku" for its Japanese title derived from a translation of Going for the One, the eight studio album by English progressive rock band Yes, as it was not a popular word at the time and although the Japanese title was initially rejected by then-president of Toaplan, he was determined to implement it. The concept of using a bomb came up during development of Tiger-Heli, where the team questioned how to make a shoot 'em up game more engaging for players but it was never intended for defensive purposes according to them, as the mechanic was instead implemented to provide an aggressive feeling against enemies on difficult situations, however enemies were made tougher to keep gameplay balance.
Twin Cobra was also, alongside Slap Fight, one of the earliest projects Toaplan made use of game design documents, with both Uemura and Yuge stating that ideas by the team were first written in text using A4 paper before reading it during meetings. Several features were integrated into the project by diverse factors such as items swirling around the screen, which was inspired by a donburi bowl, while the slow speed of the helicopter was due to make the title akin to puzzle games and require a level of strategy. Yuge stated that cooperative gameplay was originally not developed but were requested in doing so after completing the single-player version due to simultaneous two-player titles being "a big trend" in overseas regions and being conscious of the American market, as the game had a realistic war setting. Around five members collaborated with the project on a six-month development period including Uemura and Yuge acting as programmers, as well as three designers. Artist Kōetsu Iwabuchi, who previously worked on Guardian, was responsible for the artwork. Despite being published by Taito, Uemura stated that the publisher allowed them to reveal the project was made by Toaplan. Uemura also claimed the project was influenced by Halley's Comet, as he wanted to portray the feeling of aiming and shooting.
Release
Twin Cobra was first released across arcades worldwide in October 1987 by Taito in Japan and Europe, as well as Romstar in North America. On 21 November 1988, an album containing music from the title and its predecessor was co-published exclusively in Japan by Scitron and Pony Canyon.
Ports
Twin Cobra was converted to multiple platforms by various third-party developers including the PC Engine (1989), Nintendo Entertainment System (1989), Sega Genesis (1991), X68000 (1993) and the FM Towns (1994). The PC Engine port, developed by A.I Company, was released exclusively in Japan by Taito. The NES port, developed by Micronics, was first released in Japan CBS/Sony and later in North America by Sammy. The Genesis port, developed by GRC, was first published in Japan by Treco, then in North America by Sega and later in Brazil by Tectoy. On 30 August 1996, Banpresto released a compilation for the PlayStation exclusively in Japan titled Toaplan Shooting Battle 1, which included both arcade versions of Twin Cobra and its prequel, an arranged soundtrack by Uemura and other additions. In November 2019, Twin Cobra was re-released for iOS and Android mobile devices only in Japan by MOBIRIX Corporation under the name Kyukyoku Tiger Classic. A port for Samsung Smart TV platform is also available through a Samsung TV's games panel.
M2 ShotTriggers
In April 2020, M2 announced a new version of Twin Cobra as part of their M2 ShotTriggers publishing label. It was first announced to be released on the Nintendo Switch but the arcade version was later included alongside the PC Engine, Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Genesis versions in the Kyukyoku Tiger-Heli compilation for Switch and PlayStation 4 as part of M2's Toaplan Arcade Garage label.
Reception
According to Masahiro Yuge and Tatsuya Uemura, Twin Cobra proved to be a popular hit for Toaplan, though Flying Shark was "the biggest" hit for them. In Japan, Game Machine listed it on their 1 January 1988 issue as being the fourth most-successful table arcade unit of the month, outperforming titles such as Thundercade and Rainbow Islands: The Story of Bubble Bobble 2. It went on to become Japan's highest-grossing arcade conversion kit of 1988.
Computer and Video Games reviewer Clare Edgeley gave an overall positive outlook to the arcade original.
Legacy
A sequel, Twin Cobra II, was originally under development by Toaplan but the studio closed down in 1994 until Taito allowed Toaplan offshoot Takumi Corporation to finish work on the project as their first release in 1995, before being ported to Sega Saturn in 1997 under the name Kyukyoku Tiger II Plus. Former Seibu Kaihatsu artist Toshinobu Komazawa claimed that Seibu borrowed ideas from Twin Cobra when developing Raiden. Artist Perry "Gryzor/Rozyrg" Sessions cited Twin Cobra as one of the main influences for Super XYX. The rights to Twin Cobra and many other IPs from Toaplan are now owned by Tatsujin, a company named after Truxton's Japanese title that was founded in 2017 by former Toaplan employee Masahiro Yuge, who are now affiliated with arcade manufacturer exA-Arcadia.
Notes
References
External links
Twin Cobra at GameFAQs
Twin Cobra at Giant Bomb
Twin Cobra at Killer List of Videogames
Twin Cobra at MobyGames
Twin Cobra at The Toaplan Museum
1987 video games
A.I Company games
Arcade video games
CBS Sony Group games
FM Towns games
Helicopter video games
Mobile games
Nintendo Entertainment System games
PlayStation (console) games
Romstar games
Vertically scrolling shooters
Sega Genesis games
Sharp X68000 games
Taito games
Taito arcade games
Toaplan games
TurboGrafx-16 games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Masahiro Yuge
Video games scored by Tatsuya Uemura
Video games scored by Tsukasa Masuko
Aircraft carriers in fiction
Mati Vaikjärv (born 2 February 1944) is an Estonian archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Estonian male archers
Olympic archers of the Soviet Union
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Tõstamaa
People is the 49th studio album by American musician James Brown. The album was released in March 1980 and was his last original recording for Polydor Records, after having spent nine years on the label. The front cover photograph was credited to David Alexander.
Track listing
References
1980 albums
James Brown albums
Albums produced by Brad Shapiro
Polydor Records albums
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Depot may refer to:
Any of numerous train stations of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad
These include
Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific Railroad Depot (Blue Mountain, Arkansas), listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Depot (Marseilles, Illinois), listed on the NRHP in Illinois
Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Railroad Depot (Atlantic, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Railroad Passenger Depot (Council Bluffs, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Railroad Depot (Des Moines, Iowa), NRHP-eligible
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad-Grinnell Passenger Station, listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Railroad Depot (Iowa City, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Passenger Depot-Pella, Pella, IA, listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad: Stuart Passenger Station, Stuart, IA, listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad-Wilton Depot, Wilton, Iowa, listed on the NRHP in Iowa
See also
Rock Island Depot (disambiguation)
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Stone Arch Viaduct, Shelby, IA, listed on the NRHP in Iowa
"Hello World" is a song written by Tony Hazzard. It was recorded and released as a single by the Tremeloes in March 1969 and peaked at number 14 on the UK Singles Chart.
Background and release
Hazzard wrote the song at the suggestion of his publisher for the Eurovision Song Contest 1969. He conceived "Hello World" as an "obvious title" and intended it for Cliff Richard, who recorded Britain's entry "Congratulations" for the 1968 contest. However, the song was rejected in the first round by the Music Publishers Association. It was one of three songs rejected for that year's contest that ultimately became hit singles, the others being Roger Cook, Roger Greenaway and Jerry Lordan's "Good Times (Better Times)" (a number 12 hit for Cliff Richard) and Geoff Stephens and John Carter's "My Sentimental Friend" (a number 2 hit for Herman's Hermits).
The Tremeloes recorded the song as they were fans of Hazzard's previous hit songs. It was released as a single in March 1969 with the B-side "Up, Down, All Around", written by band members Len "Chip" Hawkes and Alan Blakley. The band promoted the single with appearances on Top of the Pops, The Golden Shot and The Basil Brush Show. It peaked at number 14 on 22 April 1969, returning the band to the UK top twenty after the relative failure of the previous single, a recording of Bob Dylan's "I Shall Be Released" that peaked at number 29 in December 1968. In an April 1969 edition of Record Mirror, Blakley revealed he didn't want it to be released, saying "I didn't expect "Hello World" to be even a top twenty hit, I didn't really like it. "I Shall Be Released", on the other hand, was not a commercial proposition, but it was a worthwhile record and was better than the things we usually do".
Reception
The band received some criticism for a perceived retreat to more commercial territory following the disappointing performance of "I Shall Be Released". Philip Crawley of the Newcastle Journal suggested they had reverted "to the lowest common denominator of pop" while Tony Barrow, writing under his pseudonym Disker in the Liverpool Echo, said the band were "back in the usual happy-go-lucky rut". Reviewing the single in the Daily Mirror, Don Short characterised it as "pleasant, but not as startling as the Tremeloes can be". Geoffrey Elliot of the Coventry Evening Telegraph criticised the song as having "none of the verve of their earlier hits" and considered its changes in tempo "more annoying than arresting".
Derek Johnson for New Musical Express described it as "typical Trems material – almost predictable. But it doesn't have such an instantly catchy chorus as some of their big hits and this could prevent it from becoming a whopper. Nevertheless, the cheerful, carefree sound, the relatively attractive tune and the bouncy beat makes it hitworthy". Peter Jones for Record Mirror praised the song, writing that "they are back to the optimistic, fast-paced sort of determination that registered before ["I Shall Be Released"] – and "Hello World" is the right mixture of breeziness and brashness that should restore them high in the charts".
Charts
References
1969 singles
Songs written by Tony Hazzard
The Tremeloes songs
CBS Records singles
Song recordings produced by Mike Smith (British record producer)
1969 songs
The 1939 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1939 college football season. The Maroons finished 8–2 in head coach Allyn McKeen's first season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
HMS Swift was an S-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the Second World War. The ship belonged to the January 1941 order of the Royal Navy from the War Emergency program. The destroyer was launched from the shipyard J. Samuel White in Cowes on 15 June 1943 and was put into service on 12 December 1943.
In early 1944 Swift saw service escorting Arctic Convoys to and from the Kola Inlet. The ship participated in the Normandy landings providing fire support. She was sunk off Sword Beach by mine on 24 June 1944 with 53 casualties.
Design
Swift was one of eight T-class destroyers ordered as the 5th Emergency Flotilla on 9 January 1941. The S-class were War Emergency Programme destroyers, intended for general duties, including use as anti-submarine escort, and were to be suitable for mass-production. They were based on the hull and machinery of the pre-war J-class destroyers, but with a lighter armament (effectively whatever armament was available) in order to speed production.
The S-class were long overall, at the waterline and between perpendiculars, with a beam of and a draught of mean and full load. Displacement was standard and full load. Two Admiralty 3-drum water-tube boilers supplied steam at and to two sets of Parsons single-reduction geared steam turbines, which drove two propeller shafts. The machinery was rated at giving a maximum speed of and at full load. 615 tons of oil were carried, giving a range of at .
The ship had a main gun armament of four 4.7 inch (120 mm) QF Mk. IX guns on single mountings, capable of elevating to an angle of 55 degrees rather than the 40 degree of previous War Emergency destroyers, giving improved anti-aircraft capability. The close-in anti-aircraft armament was one Hazemayer stabilised twin mount for the Bofors 40 mm gun and four twin Oerlikon 20 mm cannons. Two quadruple mounts for 21 inch (533 mm) torpedoes were fitted, while the ship had an depth charge outfit of four depth charge mortars and two racks, with a total of 70 charges carried.
Swift was fitted with a Type 272 surface warning radar and a high-frequency direction finding (HF/DF) aerial on the ship's tripod foremast, with a Type 291 air warning radar on a pole mast aft and Type 285 fire control radar integrated with the ship's high-angle gun director. She had a crew of 170 officers and other ranks.
Construction and service
Swift was laid down at J. Samuel White's Cowes, Isle of Wight shipyard on 12 June 1942 and was launched on 15 June 1943. She was completed on 6 December 1943, and assigned the Pennant number G46.
Following commissioning and workup, Swift, like the other S-class destroyers, joined the 23rd Destroyer Flotilla of the British Home Fleet.
References
External link
1943 ships
S and T-class destroyers
Ships built on the Isle of Wight
Maritime incidents in June 1944
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
World War II shipwrecks in the English Channel
Third Eye is a 2014 Filipino horror film directed by Aloy Adlawan and starring GMA Network talents Carla Abellana and Camille Prats, with Ejay Falcon and Denise Laurel. It was produced by Regal Entertainment and distributed by GMA Network.
Synopsis
When Mylene (Carla Abellana) was a young child she witnessed the grisly death of her neighbor and her parents. She discovers soon after that she has the ability to see the dead. Her grandmother chooses to close her third eye, protecting her for the time being from the horrors of seeing spirits. But with the death of her grandmother, Mylene's third eye reopens. It is an ability that she must come to grips with, as she, in pursuit of her adulterous husband, inadvertently travels into dark, dangerous territory populated by a community of murderous practitioners of black magic.
Cast
Carla Abellana as Mylene
Camille Prats as Susan
Ejay Falcon as Jimmy
Denise Laurel as Janet
Alex Medina as Cenon
Boots Anson-Roa as Gloria
Dimples Romana as Belen
Cai Cortez as Ryzza
Mosang as Aludia
Robert Correa as Nanding
Rain Quite as Ram Ram
Patricia Joanne Coma as Young Mylene
Production
See also
List of ghost films
References
External links
2014 films
Philippine horror films
2010s Tagalog-language films
Mosang films
Regal Entertainment films
2010s English-language films
Isoka District is a district of Zambia, located in Muchinga Province. The capital lies at Isoka. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 99,319 people.
References
Districts of Muchinga Province
BSF Senior Secondary School is a school situated in Jammu city of the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir and is run by [[Border
BSF School Jammu started as a primary school in 1972 with 49 students on its roll and seven teachers on its staff. The school was re-organised as a residential institution, upgraded to the secondary level and was affiliated with CBSE New Delhi in June, 1976. The first batch of boarders was admitted in July, 1976. The school has been running with two classes with Medical / Non-Medical streams since 1982. Later it added to the curriculum the Commerce and Arts streams.
The school has primary and secondary wings. The primary section has its own spacious building with all facilities. The secondary section has a massive building surrounded by a garden complex around and inside. It was inaugurated in 1977–78.
BSF Senior Secondary School, Jammu is situated in the open battle field of J&K. It caters to the academic requirement of the wards of BSF personnel of J&K and Himachal Pradesh and some students from the different BNs located in other eastern and western frontiers. There are 1786 students in the secondary section and 1052 students in the primary section, the largest number among all other BSF Schools.
In 2020, the school was temporarily closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
External links
BSF School official website
Educational institutions established in 1972
High schools and secondary schools in Jammu and Kashmir
Schools in Jammu (city)
Sir Denis Fitzgerald Desmond, KCVO, CBE (born 1943) is a retired British company director and public administrator, who was Lord Lieutenant of County Londonderry from 2000 to 2018.
Desmond was born in 1943, the son of an army officer. He served as an officer in the Territorial Army from 1964 to 1969, for the two years as aide-de-camp to Governor of Northern Ireland. In 1970, he became chairman of Desmond and Sons Ltd, his family's clothing business; he stepped down as chairman in 2005. He also sat on the board of Ulster Bank in the 1990s and was council member for The Prince's Trust Northern Ireland between 2008 and 2012.
In the public sphere, Desmond was High Sheriff of County Londonderry in 1974, and appointed a deputy lieutenant in 1992, eight years before he became lord lieutenant.
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1989 and a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 2018 (on his retirement as lord lieutenant). He has received honorary doctorates from the Queen's University Belfast and the Ulster University, and in 2018 received the Freedom of the Borough of Causeway Coast and Glens.
Denis Desmond liquidated Desmond & Co in 2004, thus depriving hundreds of employees their pension that they had contributed to, some for over 45 years. Eventually the UK government introduced the pensions act to redress the loses of his former employees and prevent any company adopting this approach on the future. Denis Desmond's wealth was recently estimated to be worth £127,000,000.
References
Living people
1943 births
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Businesspeople from Northern Ireland
Hello Naan Pei Pesuren () is a 2016 Indian Tamil language comedy horror film written and directed by S. Baskar and produced by Sundar C., under the banner Avni Cine Makers. Music was composed by Siddharth Vipin, cinematography was handled by Banu Murugan and editing by N. B. Srikanth. Vaibhav plays the male lead, Oviya and Aishwarya Rajesh are the two female leads, and VTV Ganesh and Karunakaran play supporting roles. In the film, the hero interacts with a ghost when he accidentally finds a 'horror-filled' mobile phone. The film released on 1 April 2016.
Cast
Vaibhav as Amudhan
Oviya as Sreedevi
Aishwarya Rajesh as Kavitha
VTV Ganesh as Vajram, Kavitha's brother
Karunakaran as Dr. Saravanan
Jangiri Madhumitha as Saravanan's wife
Yogi Babu as Street Singer
Vichu Vishwanath as Gym Manager
Thalapathy Dinesh as Thimingalam
Siddharth Vipin as Seth
Singampuli as Game Samy
Ganeshkar as Cook
Singapore Deepan as Vavval, Kavitha's brother
Bava Lakshmanan
Thanjai Mahendran
Mippu
Soundtrack
Music and soundtracks were composed Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham fame Siddharth Vipin. The soundtrack features five songs, the lyrics for which are written by Mohan Rajan and Prabha. Behindwoods rated the album 2 out of 5 and called it "Stays true to the horror genre but lacks a punch!."
Release
The satellite rights of the film were sold to Sun TV.
Critical reception
The Hindu wrote "So, to summarise, yes, Hello Naan Pei Pesuren is a horror-comedy indeed." Times of India wrote "Hello Naan Pei Pesuren (HNPP) is a ghost movie but director Baskar is more interested in mining laughs than scares, and somehow, this approach actually benefits the film. The fact that HNPP manages to click even though horror comedies have become quite common these days should tell you how effective the comedy is."
References
External links
2016 films
2010s Tamil-language films
2016 comedy horror films
Indian comedy horror films
2016 directorial debut films
Films scored by Siddharth Vipin
2016 comedy films
Aloha Golf Club is a golf club, located 3 kilometres inland from Puerto Banús and 8 kilometres west of Marbella, Andalusia, Spain. It hosted the Andalucian Open on the European Tour in 2007, 2008 and 2012, and the Spanish Women's Open on the Ladies European Tour in 2016 and 2019.
The Aloha Golf Club was established in 1975 and in 2005 celebrated its 30th anniversary with a dinner gala dance. It is a private members' club, but non-members are permitted to enter most weekly competitions held at the course.
Course
The Javier Arana designed golf course has a total length of 6246 metres and is noted for its narrow tree-lined fairways and numerous lakes and streams.
The names of the holes are as follows:
Miguel Angel Jimenez
Uresandi
Los Olivos
Cortavitarte
La Fuente
Prunus-Prisard
El Ruedo
Penablanca
El Jorobado
Javier Arana
Las Aguilas
Cuidiao
El Algarrobo
Curlucho
Camino Ronda
Cancionero
Obelix
Vistos
References
External links
Official site
Golf clubs and courses in Spain
Buildings and structures in Marbella
Sports venues completed in 1975
Sports venues in Andalusia
1975 establishments in Spain
Floyd I. "Bud" Gaugh IV (born October 2, 1967) is an American drummer who played in the bands Sublime (1988–1996), Long Beach Dub Allstars (1997–2002), Eyes Adrift (2002–2003), Volcano (2004), and Sublime with Rome (2009–2011), as well as Phil & the Blanx, Del Mar, and Jelly of the Month Club.
Biography
Gaugh started his drumming career in high school playing snare with the Long Beach Junior Concert Band.
He met bassist Eric Wilson in 1979 and later started their first garage punk band, which was named The Juice Bros. They became founding members of Sublime in 1986. Around 1990, according to Marshall Goodman, Gaugh left the band due to some unknown reasons. Gaugh would not be the primary drummer on the 40 oz. to Freedom record or be a part of the two tours that followed its release in 1992. Gaugh would rejoin the band sometime shortly after for Robbin' the Hood, which was released in 1994. In 1996, Sublime disbanded due to the death of lead singer Bradley Nowell from a heroin overdose. The Long Beach Dub Allstars then formed in 1997. Their first album, released in 1999, was called Right Back.
Gaugh played drums in the Eyes Adrift with Krist Novoselic and Curt Kirkwood. After Eyes Adrift disbanded, he went on to form Volcano with Kirkwood. Since Eyes Adrift, Gaugh now spends his time at his home in Nevada, snowboarding, skating, skiing and kayaking in Colorado and Lake Tahoe.
It was announced in early 2009 that Gaugh would be reuniting with Sublime at Cantina Los Tres Hombres in
Sparks, Nevada, on February 28, with new frontman and guitarist Rome Ramirez in the place of Bradley Nowell. Following positive response, the band decided to reunite properly in August 2009 for a possible tour and new album. However, not long after the October 2009 performance at Cypress Hill's Smokeout Festival, a Los Angeles judge banned the new lineup from using the Sublime name, and the band was forced to change its name. The new lineup of Eric Wilson, Bud Gaugh, and Rome Ramirez performed together as Sublime with Rome. A debut album, Yours Truly, was released on July 12, 2011.
Gaugh left Sublime with Rome on December 10, 2011 and was replaced by Josh Freese. On January 12, 2012, in an interview posted on budztv.com, Gaugh expressed regrets about touring and recording with Sublime with Rome, stating, "In hindsight I would not have used the name. I didn't want to in the first place, I was talked into it and I would like to apologize to certain people and the fans for trying to justify or talk them into it as well." When asked how it felt to play Sublime songs again, Gaugh said, "It was really good for the first few months; after that, it just felt wrong. Not playing the songs but playing them with the name Sublime, without Brad."
When asked if he saw the band reuniting in the future Gaugh replied, "No, I am done with SWR. I would be into playing music with Eric Wilson, however."
In 2016, Gaugh appeared on an episode of Finding Bigfoot, where he and long time friend James "Bobo" Fay explore the wilderness in search of the elusive beast.
Discography
Sublime
Jah Won't Pay the Bills (1991)
40oz. to Freedom (1992)
Robbin' the Hood (1994)
Sublime (1996)
Second-hand Smoke (1997)
Stand by Your Van (1998)
Sublime Acoustic: Bradley Nowell & Friends (1998)
Everything Under the Sun: Rarities (2006)
Long Beach Dub All-Stars
Right Back (1999)
Wonders of the World (2001)
Eyes Adrift
Eyes Adrift (2003)
Volcano
Volcano (2004)
Del Mar
Demo (2007)
After The Quake (2009)
Sublime with Rome
Yours Truly (2011)
Jelly of the Month Club
Introducing the Jelly of the Month Club (2013)
Enjoy the Show (2018)
References
External links
Official site
Myspace site
Del Mar article
1967 births
Living people
Musicians from Long Beach, California
American punk rock drummers
American male drummers
Sublime (band) members
20th-century American drummers
Eyes Adrift members
Long Beach Dub Allstars members
Volcano (supergroup) members
Sublime with Rome members
Bullying Awareness Week is a national campaign in Canada conceived of by Canadian educator and Bullying.org president Bill Belsey. It was launched in 2003 by Family Channel and bullying.org. The campaign takes place during the third week each November and aims to raise awareness about bullying amongst students in Canada while promoting positive relationships and providing youth with real-life solutions to help them deal with bullying behaviour.
Bullying Awareness Week is recognized in communities across Canada. In 2009 the week was officially recognized by the city of Calgary.
History
2004 Campaign, November 15–22 – Take the Pledge
The 2004 campaign included a week of special programming on Family Channel; the launch of a new Public Service Announcement (PSA), called "The Cool Table", demonstrating the part that bystanders can play in remedying bullying; and an interactive website where Canadians could "Take the Pledge" as well as tell their stories of standing up to bullying. Schools across Canada also held events and organized initiatives during the week and throughout the school year, to stop bullying and draw awareness to the part that bystanders play. The pledge is taken 175,000 times.
Family Channel Stars involved: Raven-Symoné That's So Raven, Kate Todd Radio Free Roscoe, Nathan Stephenson Radio Free Roscoe, Ali Mukaddam, Radio Free Roscoe.
Premieres:
Beautiful Girl, Original Movie
2005 Campaign, November 14–20 – Take the Pledge
In 2005, Family Channel and bullying.org expanded the campaign to address teachers and parents in addition to Canadian youth. A Teacher's Guide was developed in part with the Canadian Initiative for the Prevention of Bullying (CIPB). The guide was distributed to all English-language schools in Canada. Additional campaign resources included two new Public Service Announcements titled "Alone" and "The Pledge" these aired on Family Channel in addition to "The Cool Table" PSA from 2004.
2006 Campaign, November 13–19 – Stand UP!
For the fourth consecutive year, Family Channel and Bullying.org Canada worked together to institute national Bullying Awareness Week. The campaign became "Stand UP!". Family Channel began holding rallies in schools across Canada. Over 10,000 kids nominated their school as a venue for the Stand UP! rally. Three were selected: George Waters Middle School; Winnipeg, Manitoba, Ruth King Elementary School; Victoria, British Columbia, and Convent Glen Catholic School; Ottawa, Ontario. Stand UP! cuffs were available online at family.ca and at La Senza Girl with proceeds going to Bullying.org. Additional campaign resources included a new PSA featuring Life with Derek star Michael Seater.
Family Channel Stars involved: Michael Seater Life with Derek, Ashley Leggat Life with Derek
2007 Campaign, November 19–25 – Stand UP!
This year saw the first ever bullying prevention-themed episode created from one of Family Channel's Canadian original series. The episode "The Bully Brothers" from Life with Derek was produced. As an additional teaching tool for students and educators, a Teacher's Guide for the show is produced by PREVNet. The episode was previewed during the rallies at the four selected schools (Cove Cliff Elementary School; North Vancouver, British Columbia, Sir James Lougheed Elementary School; Calgary, Alberta, Fairvale Elementary School; Rothensay, New Brunswick, Pleasantville Public School; Richmond Hill, Ontario.)
Family Channel Stars involved: Michael Seater Life with Derek, Ashley Leggat Life with Derek, Christopher Massey Zoey 101, Matthew Underwood Zoey 101
Premieres:
Life with Derek "The Bully Brothers"
2008 Campaign, November 17–23 - Stand UP!
The 2008 campaign featured actors from the Family Channel series The Latest Buzz. Actress Vanessa Morgan performed the song that anchored the campaign and a music video. Students submitted their own original song lyrics and essays to nominate their schools for rallies. Rallies were held at: Highbury School; Winnipeg, Manitoba, Tomekichi Homma Elementary School; Richmond, British Columbia, Winston Churchill Public School and Kingston, Ontario. The Bullying Awareness Week cuff was sold.
Family Channel Stars involved: Vanessa Morgan The Latest Buzz, Munro Chambers The Latest Buzz, Demetrius Joyette The Latest Buzz, Zoe Belkin The Latest Buzz,Justin Kelly The Latest Buzz
Premieres:
The Latest Buzz "The Peer Pressure Issue"
2009 Campaign, November 16–22 – Stand UP! Catch the Wave
For 2009, Family Channel asked viewers to "Catch the Wave" as they encouraged students in schools to take part in a televised, Guinness World Record-
breaking attempt - a cross-country wave. The wave travelled from West to East across Canada and saw 300 schools participate. The wave attempt was televised on Family Channel and featured five schools:Colby Village Elementary; Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Faraday Elementary School; Winnipeg, Manitoba, Mildred Hall School; Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Irwin Park Elementary; Vancouver, British Columbia and École Forest Trail Public School; Oakville, Ontario. The Latest Buzz produced its second special episode for Bullying Awareness Week and a Teacher's Guide was produced. Family Channel worked with Nico Archambault (Season 1 winner of So You Think You Can Dance Canada) and txt.carbon to create Rise Above T-shirts with proceeds going to PREVNet.
Family Channel Stars involved: Michael SeaterLife with Derek, Ashley Leggat Life with Derek, Vanessa Morgan The Latest Buzz, Munro Chambers The Latest Buzz, Demetrius Joyette The Latest Buzz, Zoe Belkin The Latest Buzz, Justin Kelly The Latest Buzz, Jacob Kraemer, Overruled!, Jasmine Richards, Overruled!
Premieres:
The Latest Buzz "The Bullying Issue"
2010 Campaign, November 15–21 – Sing Stand UP!/ Stand UP! Coast 2 Coast
The eighth year of Bullying Awareness Week saw three Canadian artists: Nikki Yanofsky, Lindsay Hamilton and Saveria contribute songs to the campaign. Special music videos were created for each song and seen on-air on Family Channel and online at family.ca. Students from across Canada nominated their schools for a Stand UP! rally, this year hosted by Overruled! star Jacob Kraemer. These rallies were won by four schools: Cardigan Consolidated School; Cardigan, Prince Edward Island, Altona Forest Public School; Pickering, Ontario, Dr. L.M. Hanna Elementary School; Regina, Saskatchewan and John Henderson Elementary; Vancouver, British Columbia. Each school was featured in the Stand UP! Coast 2 Coast documentaries that aired on Family Channel. A special bullying prevention episode from the series Wingin' It was created with script input from PREVNet, Family Channel hosted two live online web chats for students to voice their questions and concerns about bullying. The chats featured Family Channel's on air host Lindsay Hamilton and PREVNet representative Dr. Joanne Cummings. The Campaign won a bronze 2011 CTAM MARK Award for Partnership with Non-Profit Organizations - Multimedia Campaign.
Family Channel Stars involved: Jacob Kraemer Overruled!, Lindsay Hamilton on-air host, Saveria
Premieres:
Wingin' It "Bully Elliot"
CTV supported Bullying Awareness Week in 2010 through the Love is Louder campaign. This campaign saw CTV stars talk out on their own experiences with bullying and featured a week of special programming across CTV channels
2011 Campaign, November 14–20 – What's Up, Stand UP!
The ninth year of Bullying Awareness Week saw an evening of programming dedicated to bullying prevention air on Family Channel on Monday, November 14 from 4 p.m. – 8 p.m. ET. The night was presented by the cast of the Family Channel original production, What's Up, Warthogs! and featured interviews with celebrities including Cody Simpson, Selena Gomez and Bella Thorne as well as with a representative from Kids Help Phone. The theme song for the campaign was 'What's Up, Stand Up' performed by Canadian pop star Tyler Medeiros and written by RyanDan members Ryan Kowarsky and Dan Kowarsky as well as Maks Gabriel. Family visited four schools across Canada with Stand UP! rallies: St. Michael's; Burnaby BC, Barkers Point Elementary; Fredericton, NB, Blessed John XXIII; Mississauga, ON, Westcreek Public School; Pickering, ON. Family Channel also hosted two online chats on November 15 and November 17, 7 p.m. – 8:30 p.m. EST with the Ana Golja (November 15) and Tiago Abreu (November 17) from What's Up, Warthogs! Along with representatives from PREVNet and Kids Help Phone.
Family Channel Stars involved: Eduard Witzke, Karissa Lee Staples, Ana Golja, Tiago Abreu (all What's Up, Warthogs!), Lindsay Hamilton (on-air host), Sydney Imbeau
"Really Me!", Zendaya, Bella Thorne "Shake It Up (TV series) ", Dylan Everett and Demetrius Joyette (both "Wingin' It".
Musical Acts involved: Tyler Medeiros, Allstar Weekend, Cody Simpson, Selena Gomez
2012 Campaign, November 12–17
The tenth annual Bullying Awareness Week will take place Monday, November 12 to Sunday, November 17.
2013 Campaign, November 17–23
The eleventh annual Bullying Awareness Week will take place Monday, November 17 to Sunday, November 23.
2014 Campaign, November 16–24
The twelfth annual Bullying Awareness Week will take place Monday, November 16 to Sunday, November 24.
See also
Bullying
Anti-Bullying Day
International STAND UP to Bullying Day
School Bullying
School violence
References
External links
Youth organizations based in Canada
Boruto (ボルト) means "bolt" or "volt" in Japanese.
Boruto may also refer to:
Boruto: Naruto the Movie, an animated film produced by Pierrot in 2015
Boruto: Naruto Next Generations, a manga series written by Ukyo Kodachi and Masashi Kishimoto, and illustrated by Mikio Ikemoto since 2016, with an anime adaptation airing since 2017
Boruto Uzumaki, the main protagonist of the film, manga and anime series
Tillie Martinussen (born 1980) is a Greenlandic politician of the Cooperation Party. She was a member of the Inatsisartut, Greenland's parliament, from 2018 to 2021. She helped form the Cooperation Party in 2018, and was the only member of the party to be represented in the Inatsisartut from that year's election; she did not return to parliament after the 2021 election. She is an opponent to Greenlandic independence.
Early life
Tillie Martinussen was born in the summer of 1980 in Nuuk. When she was seven, there was a commotion in her home, and her parents divorced. She was then placed in an orphanage in Denmark. She does not speak Kalaallisut.
Career
Martinussen helped found the Cooperation Party in 2018. She was elected in the 2018 Greenlandic general election to the Inatsisartut as the only member of the party. She has been the chairwoman of the Cooperation Party since December 2020, having been the acting chair since 2018. In 2020, the party's regional branch in Sermersooq expressed distrust of her, saying that she allegedly used party funds for private expenses to a "shockingly large extent", including cosmetics, restaurant visits, and grocery shopping.
In the run-up to the 2021 Greenlandic general election, she said her party will focus on business development, expansions in social welfare, and increase taxes. She believes that those who criticize colonialism are Denmark-residing Greenlandic youth, and that defacing a statue of Hans Egede—a missionary in Greenland during the eighteenth century—with calls of decolonisation is met with skepticism by those who live in Greenland. She is a staunch critic of Greenlandic independence, who wishes to privatise a share of state-owned companies. Her party won no seats, and she did not return to the Inatsisartut. Her internal party revolt due to the expenses controversy may have cost them the election. Ultimately, those who criticised her were expelled from the party.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1980 births
Cooperation Party politicians
Living people
Women members of the Parliament of Greenland
People from Nuuk
William Lee "Monk" Younger (November 16, 1894 – June 30, 1977) was an American football player, coach of football, basketball, and baseball, and college athletics administrator. He played college football at Davidson College in 1915 and at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in 1916 and 1917. He was elected captain of the 1918 VPI team, but did not play for the Gobblers because he was serving in France during the close of World War I.
Younger was the head football coach at Hampden–Sydney College in 1919 and at Davidson from 1923 to 1931, compiling a career college football coaching record of 49–40–8. He was also the head basketball coach at Hampden–Sydney (1919–1920), Virginia Tech (1920–1923, 1932–1937), and Davidson (1923–1931), tallying a career college basketball mark of 157–159. In addition, he was the head baseball coach at Virginia Tech from 1921 to 1923 and at Davidson from 1924 to 1931, amassing career college baseball mark of 82–110–4. Younger was appointed as the athletic director of Virginia Tech in 1935 and served in that post until his retirement in 1950. He was elected to the Virginia Tech Sports Hall of Fame in 1984.
He died after a long illness on June 30, 1977 at a hospital in Blacksburg, Virginia.
Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
Virginia Sports Hall of Fame profile
1894 births
1977 deaths
American football ends
American men's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from Virginia
Davidson Wildcats athletic directors
Davidson Wildcats baseball coaches
Davidson Wildcats football coaches
Davidson Wildcats football players
Davidson Wildcats men's basketball coaches
Hampden–Sydney Tigers athletic directors
Hampden–Sydney Tigers football coaches
Hampden–Sydney Tigers basketball coaches
Players of American football from Virginia
Sportspeople from Danville, Virginia
Sportspeople from Lynchburg, Virginia
Virginia Tech Hokies athletic directors
Virginia Tech Hokies baseball coaches
Virginia Tech Hokies football coaches
Virginia Tech Hokies football players
Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball coaches
The Science Advisor to the President is an individual charged with providing advisory opinions and analysis on science and technology matters to the President of the United States. The first Science Advisor, Vannevar Bush, chairman of the Office of Scientific Research and Development, served Presidents Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman from 1941 to 1951. President Truman created the President's Science Advisory Committee in 1951, establishing the chairman of this committee as the President's Science Advisor. This committee continued under Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Richard M. Nixon until 1973. Nixon terminated the committee rather than appointing a replacement for his advisor who had resigned. The US Congress established the Office of Science and Technology Policy in 1976, re-establishing Presidential Science Advisors to the present day.
The current advisor is Francis Collins, who has served in an acting capacity since February 18, 2022.
History
Special Advisory Board
Although the National Research Council (now known as the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine), formed in 1916, was the first body formed to advise the government on science and technology, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt launched the Science Advisory Board as a body within the NRC in 1933 in order to advise the president. Karl Taylor Compton served as the chair of the body. However, the body was dissolved in 1935.
World War II
The OSTP evolved out of the Office of Scientific Research and Development created in 1941 during World War II by Roosevelt. Vannevar Bush chaired this office through Roosevelt's death in 1945, and continued under Roosevelt's successor Harry S. Truman until 1951.
PSAC
After the war, President Harry S. Truman replaced the OSRD with the Science Advisory Committee in 1951. The office was moved to the White House on November 21, 1957, by President Dwight D. Eisenhower to provide advice and recommendation in response to the Space Race started by the USSR's launch of the first artificial Earth satellite, Sputnik 1.
OSTP
President Richard M. Nixon eliminated the PSAC in 1973, rather than appointing a replacement for his second Science Advisor, Edward E. David Jr., who resigned. The United States Congress established the OSTP in 1976 with a broad mandate to advise the President and others within the Executive Office of the President on the effects of science and technology on domestic and international affairs. The 1976 Act also authorizes OSTP to lead inter-agency efforts to develop and to implement sound science and technology policies and budgets and to work with the private sector, state and local governments, the science and higher education communities, and other nations toward this end.
Science Advisors
See also
Chief Technology Officer of the United States
References
Executive Office of the President of the United States
United States
Rob Crossan (born 13 March 1968 in Barrie, Ontario) is a Canadian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1968 births
Living people
Canadian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Place of birth missing (living people)
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Barrie
Seobe (trans. Migrations) is the third studio album released by Serbian and former Yugoslav hard rock band Kerber, released in 1986.
The album is considered by both fans and critics alike to be one of Kerber's finest works. The ballads "Bolje da sam druge ljubio", "Kad ljubav izda" and "Još samo ovu noć mi daj", as well as songs "Ne igram ruski rulet", "Hajde da se volimo" and "Čovek od meda" (which featured Riblja Čorba frontman Bora Đorđević on vocals) all became major hits, and the title track went on to become one of Kerber's signature songs.
Track listing
Personnel
Goran Šepa - vocals
Tomislav Nikolić - guitar
Branislav Božinović - keyboards
Zoran Žikić - bass guitar
Dragoljub Đuričić - drums
Guest musicians
Bora Đorđević - vocals (on "Čovek od meda")
Additional personnel
Kornelije Kovač - producer
Tahir Duraklić - recorded by
Legacy
In 2000, the song "Seobe" was polled No.43 on Rock Express Top 100 Yugoslav Rock Songs of All Times list.
References
Seobe at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
Enciklopedija niškog Rock 'n' Rolla 1962 - 2000, Stanojević Vladan;
External links
Seobe at Discogs
Kerber albums
1986 albums
PGP-RTB albums
Magic, Inc. is a publisher of magic books and retailer of magic products in North America.
It is one of the oldest continuously family-run brick-and-mortar magic companies in North America.
Location
The original store, then called the Ireland Magic Company, was located on 109 N. Dearborn in the Chicago Loop. In 1963, the store was renamed Magic, Inc. and moved to its long-occupied location at 5082 N. Lincoln Ave., Chicago, Illinois. As of 2016, the store relocated to a new space at 1838 W. Lawrence Avenue, in Chicago.
The company's store has been frequented by several magicians and illusionists such as Penn & Teller, Harry Blackstone Sr. & Jr., and Lance Burton.
History
In 1926, Laurie L. Ireland founded the original business, the Ireland Magic Company. Soon after his death in 1954, James "Jay" Ward Marshall married his widow, Frances Ireland, and took ownership of the magic shop.
In 1963, the company was relocated and incorporated as Magic, Inc. by Jay Marshall and Frances Ireland Marshall.
After spending her whole life with magic, Frances Ireland Marshall died at the age of 92 on May 26, 2002.
Jay Marshall later died of a heart attack in 2005. His son Alexander "Sandy" Marshall is now owner of the company.
Publications
The company published several original titles in its early years and up to today, continues to sell copies. Frances Marshall was an early originator of publishing books on a single magic-related topic.
The Ireland Magic Company published Match-ic (1935) and 12 Tricks with a Borrowed Deck (1940) by American mathematics and science writer Martin Gardner.
Products & Services
The company sells a variety of magic products including books and pamphlets, magic sets and accessories, and collectibles. The company also has a staff of professional magicians who provide magic lessons for beginners and experienced magicians alike.
References
External links
Magic, Inc. Homepage
Entertainment companies of the United States
Magic organizations
Publishing companies of the United States
Cole Township may refer to:
Cole Township, Sebastian County, Arkansas, in Sebastian County, Arkansas
Cole Township, Benton County, Missouri
Township name disambiguation pages
Sarılar, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Ożarów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Lampitt Nunatak () is a nunatak near the head of Murphy Glacier, in Graham Land, Antarctica. It was photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd in 1955–57, and mapped from these photos by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1958 for Leslie H. Lampitt (1887–1957), a chemist who contributed many ideas for concentrated rations used by British polar expeditions during the period 1937–57.
References
Nunataks of Graham Land
Foyn Coast
The Minister of State was a cabinet ministry of the Government of Ceylon that existed from 25 March 1965 to 29 May 1970 during the third Dudley Senanayake cabinet. The post was considered as the senior most cabinet minister following after the prime minister.
The post was unique, J. R. Jayewardene who was deputy leader of the United National Party and Senanayake depending heavily on Jayewardene who had held senior cabinet positions such as the first Minister of Finance. With the formation of the national government in March 1965, Jayewardene was appointed Minister of State and Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Defence and External Affairs and was a de-facto Deputy Prime Minister. As Minister of State, Jayewardene focused on economic development and managing the foreign exchange shortages faced by Ceylon with large ministry budget allocation. In order to attract he focused on promoting Tourism in Ceylon. To this end in 1966 he established the Ceylon Hotels Corporation with the Ceylon Hotels Corporation Act of 1966 and the Ceylon Tourist Board, by the Ceylon Tourist Board Act No. 10 of 1966. D. P. Atapattu served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of State and Anandatissa de Alwis was the Permanent Secretary. The ministry was located at 54, Chalizns Street, Colombo 1.
Departments
Government Printer
Department of Control of Imports and Exports
Department of National Archives
Department of Wild Life
Zoological Gardens
Ceylon Hotels Corporation
Ceylon Tourist Board
See also
Minister for Internal Security (Ceylon)
References
1965 establishments in Ceylon
1970 disestablishments in Ceylon
State
Ceylon, State
Ceylon, State
State ministers
Deputy prime ministers
Brady Island () is an island in Franz Josef Land, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.
Geography
The island has a maximum altitude of . Between its northernmost point, Cape Wiese (Russian: мыс Визе), and its southernmost point, Cape Krasovsky (Russian: мыс Красовского), it is about in length. Located in the central part of the archipelago, it lies west of McClintock Island, separated by the Aberdare Strait (Russian: пролив Абердэр). Brice, Bliss, and Leigh-Smith Island are located to the north and west of Brady Island, beyond the Sidorov Strait (Russian: пролив Сидорова).
History
The island was discovered by Benjamin Leigh Smith in 1880. It is most likely named after Henry Bowman Brady, a zoologist who examined collections from both the Austro-Hungarian North Pole expedition and Albert Hastings Markham's expedition in 1879. The expedition also gave the name Cape Speelman to what is now Cape Krasovsky, after Jhr. M. H. Speelman (1852–1907), a lieutenant on the Dutch Arctic expeditions 1878–1879. The current name was given in 1950, in honour of Russian scientist Feodosy Krasovsky.
See also
Franz Josef Land
List of islands of Russia
References
Islands of Franz Josef Land
Uninhabited islands of Russia
The Root Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located off State Route 555 in far northern Decatur Township, Washington County, the bridge was built in 1878 in the Long truss mode of truss bridge construction. Measuring in its single span, it spans the West Branch of the Little Hocking River.
Constructed with weatherboarded walls on stone abutments and equipped with a metal roof and elements of iron and steel, the Root Bridge was named for the nearby community of Root Town, which has since become a ghost town. Its builders were Charles and Alta Meredith, who built many other Washington County bridges; two other bridges in the county, known as the Hune and the Harra Covered Bridges, also employ the Long truss. It is believed that the Meredith family heavily favored the style, because they were responsible for building both of those bridges. Throughout Ohio, only eight Long truss bridges are in existence today; the majority of Ohio's Long truss bridges are located in southern Ohio. Besides the importance of the Meredith family, this concentration is also likely due to the presence of one of the designer's agents in the region, who also functioned as a general contractor for bridge construction in southern Ohio.
In early 1975, the Root Covered Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its importance as a well-preserved example of historic engineering methods. It was the first Washington County covered bridge to be listed on the Register, although five others — including the Harra and Hune bridges — have since received the same designation.
References
Bridges completed in 1878
Covered bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Bridges in Washington County, Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Ohio
Wooden bridges in Ohio
Tourist attractions in Washington County, Ohio
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Long truss bridges in the United States
1878 establishments in Ohio
20 Squadron or 20th Squadrons may refer to:
No. 20 Squadron RAAF, a unit of the Australian Royal Air Force
No. 20 Squadron RAF, a unit of the United Kingdom Royal Air Force
20th Fighter Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
20th Bomb Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
20th Intelligence Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
20th Reconnaissance Squadron (disambiguation), units of the United States Air Force
20th Special Operations Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
20th Space Control Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
20th Operational Weather Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
Baker County is a county in Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 3,451. The county seat and only city is Newton. The county was created December 12, 1825 from the eastern portion of Early County by an act of the Georgia General Assembly and is named for Colonel John Baker, a hero of the American Revolutionary War.
Baker County is included in the Albany, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Baker County Courthouse (Georgia) is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Three other properties in Newton are also listed on the register: Notchaway Baptist Church and Cemetery, Pine Bloom Plantation, and Tarver Plantation.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water.
The eastern half of Baker County is located in the Lower Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The western half of the county is located in the Ichawaynochaway Creek sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin.
Major highways
State Route 37
State Route 91
State Route 200
State Route 216
State Route 253
Adjacent counties
Dougherty County, Georgia - northeast
Mitchell County, Georgia - east
Decatur County, Georgia - southwest
Early County, Georgia - west
Miller County, Georgia - west
Calhoun County, Georgia - northwest
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 2,876 people, 1,425 households, and 788 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 3,451 people, 1,372 households, and 892 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,652 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 48.5% white, 46.7% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 2.5% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 7.3% were English, and 0.0% were American.
Of the 1,372 households, 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were married couples living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.0% were non-families, and 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.14. The median age was 41.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,462 and the median income for a family was $42,585. Males had a median income of $25,954 versus $25,688 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,379. About 23.1% of families and 30.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 49.1% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,074 people, 1,514 households, and 1,094 families living in the county. The population density was 12 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 1,740 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 50.39% Black or African American, 47.42% White, 0.22% Native American, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.33% from other races, and 0.61% from two or more races. 2.72% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,514 households, out of which 33.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.70% were married couples living together, 19.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.70% were non-families. 25.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.20.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.30% under the age of 18, 10.00% from 18 to 24, 26.90% from 25 to 44, 22.10% from 45 to 64, and 13.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,338, and the median income for a family was $36,438. Males had a median income of $25,891 versus $16,462 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,969. About 19.90% of families and 23.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.50% of those under age 18 and 20.10% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Baker County School System operates public schools.
Politics
Although Barry Goldwater and Richard Nixon carried it in 1964 and 1972, American Independent candidate George Wallace won the county in 1968 as a third-party candidate. Baker County is historically Democratic. In 1956, Adlai Stevenson received over 96 percent of the county's vote. The county voted Democratic consistently from 1976 until 2012, but by closer margins than in 1956, and the county shifted more to the right throughout the early 2000s. In 2008 Barack Obama won with just 50.1 percent to John McCain's 49.1 percent, whilst Donald Trump won the county by almost ten percent in 2016, despite declining on Mitt Romney's performance statewide. Brian Kemp repeated this feat by double digits in the 2018 gubernatorial race, and in 2020, Trump won Baker County by nearly sixteen percentage points.
Communities
City
Newton
Unincorporated communities
Anna
Bethany
Crestview
Elmodel
Hardup
Milford
Patmos
Ghost towns
Cheevertown
Dewsville
Mimsville
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Baker County, Georgia
References
External links
Baker County Sheriff's Office
Baker County historical marker
1825 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1825
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Albany metropolitan area, Georgia
Marhab ibn Abî Zaynab, or Marhab ibn Al-Harith () was popularly known as the Knight of Khaybar, a Jewish knight who is noted for his military role in Battle of Khaybar.
Life
Beside his knighthood and excellence in war, he was a poet, Tall and huge, brave, and wealthy.
Ancestry
According to some historians he and his sister were from Israelite origin, while some other historians believed he is from Ḥimyarite origin.
Property
He had a sword engraved on it the phrase "This is the sword of Marhab; he who tastes it dies". and he resides in a palace.
Battle of Khaybar
The Battle of Khaybar was fought in the year 628 between Muslims and the Jews living in the oasis of Khaybar. Marhab was the commander of the Jewish army in that battle and expressed an outstanding strength and skills. The Muslim historian Shaykh Mufid stated: "No one amongst the Muslims could confront him but Ali ibn Abi Talib killed him in the battlefield".
Death
Marhab's mother was a fortune-teller, she predicted that no man can kill Marhab but one man named after a synonymous of lion.
A night before his last battle he saw in his dream that a lion attacked him.
Historians have given different descriptions about the incident of killing Marhab. According Sahih Muslim, Ali went to meet Marhab in a single combat. Marhab advanced brandishing his sword and chanting: "Khaibar knows certainly that I am Marhab, A fully armed and well-tried valorous warrior (hero) When war comes spreading its flames". Ali chanted in reply: I am the one whose mother named him Haidar, (synonymous of lion) like a lion of the forest with a terror-striking countenance". The narrator said: Ali struck at the head of Marhab and killed him, so the victory (capture of Khaibar) was due to him.
al-Maqrizi recorded: "The Ansari reported that he saw Marhab's mother holding his dead body and weeping".
References
628 deaths
Jews of the Jewish tribes of Arabia
Jewish poets
× Amelasorbus is a flowering plant in the family Rosaceae. A naturally occurring hybrid, it is the result of a cross between two distinct tree genera, Amelanchier and Sorbus, and shows phenotypic similarities to both parents. This type of intergeneric hybrid is quite rare, and is indicated by a multiplication symbol before the name. The name Amelasorbus is an example of a portmanteau word, a combination of the two parents' names.
Species
There is only one accepted species, ×Amelasorbus jackii, (Jack's amelasorbus) the result of Amelanchier alnifolia×Sorbus scopulina. A specimen was discovered growing in Idaho, and described by Alfred Rehder of the Arnold Arboretum in 1925. Individuals have also been discovered in Oregon. Due to their hybrid nature, they tend to be quite variable, and this had (mis)led authors to describe other species; ×Amelasorbus raciborskiana and ×Amelasorbus hoseri, which may or may not be synonyms.
References
Maleae
Plant nothogenera
Flora of Idaho
Flora of Oregon
Plants described in 1925
Monotypic Rosaceae genera
Mimophaeopate assamensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimophaeopate. It was described by Breuning in 1967.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1967
Monotypic beetle genera
Dorothy McGowan (sometimes credited as Dorothy MacGowan) was a Brooklyn, New York-born former model and actress. As a model, McGowan appeared on numerous covers of Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, Elle, Glamour, and other publications in the 1960s. She was photographed by Richard Avedon, Irving Penn, Melvin Sokolsky, Francesco Scavullo, and others.
A daughter of Irish immigrants Sarah ( Philbin) and Michael McGowan, and born in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn, she had one sister, Mary, and two brothers, Peter, a policeman who was ordained in 1966 as a Roman Catholic priest, and James, also a policeman, whose role as lead negotiator in a hostage crisis was dramatized in the film Dog Day Afternoon.
McGowan was one of photographer William Klein's favorite models. After the release of Who Are You, Polly Maggoo?, in which she starred, she disappeared from public life.
She was married to, and divorced, from photographer Didier Dorot, with whom she had
two children. In 2022, she died at age 82 in Mamaroneck, New York.
References
External links
1939 births
2022 deaths
People from Brooklyn
American film actresses
Actresses from New York City
Female models from New York (state)
People from Mamaroneck, New York
21st-century American women
Listings on the National Register of Historic Places are found in all five counties (boroughs) of New York City.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bronx County, New York
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kings County, New York (Brooklyn)
National Register of Historic Places listings in New York County, New York (Manhattan)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Queens County, New York
National Register of Historic Places listings in Richmond County, New York (Staten Island)
James N.J. Aneke is a retired Nigerian Navy officer. He served as the Military Governor of Imo State in Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996. He was Commandant of Nigerian Naval Engineering College (NNEC), Sapele, Delta State.
Background
James Aneke had his secondary and higher school education at St. Johns College, Kaduna now Rimi College Kaduna State and Government College, Umuahia in Abia State respectively. He graduated from University of Lagos in 1973 with a BSC (Hons) Electrical Engineering and was a Pioneer Member of the National Youth Service Corps Scheme in 1973 started by the Federal Military Government under the leadership of General Yakubu Gowon. He is married to Julie Nnenna (née Orji).
Naval career
On joining the Officer Corps of the Nigerian Navy, he attended several courses and training with the Royal Navy in the United Kingdom and Hollandse Signaalapparaten B.V. (now Thales Nederland B.V.) in the Netherlands with Manufacturers and Suppliers of naval defence systems (sensors, radars and infrared systems). He served Nigerian Navy on board Flagship NNS Nigeria as a watch keeper, NNS Enyimiri and NNS Aradu as head of department: weapons engineer officer and other platforms.
Ashore appointment
He was a member of the Nigerian Football Association (NFA), which led the Nigerian Eaglets to their Pioneer edition of FIFA U-16 World Championship Kodak Cup (1985). In 1993 as a Navy Captain he was appointed governor of Imo State from December 1993 to August 1996. His administration in Imo State undertook several key projects. One of these was the completion of and Operationalizing the Imo Airport for Full Commercial Flights. Its commissioning was by Head of State, General Sani Abacha on 15 July 1994. The Airport was begun by earlier administrations with the full financial and moral support of the good people of old Imo State (now, Imo, Abia and Southern Ebonyi States) and with immense support from the Federal Military Government. Other key projects include the Supretending over their transition periods to full takeover by the Federal Government of the State Polytechnic at Nekede (now Federal Polytechnic) and General Hospital Owerri (now Federal Medical Center). Undertaken during his tenure was the employment of 1000 Young Graduates of different disciplines into the Public Service and the Rehabilitation of schools and improvement of the Welfare of teachers in the three tiers: Primary, Secondary and Tertiary levels. To his Administration is owed the honoring of acclaimed Imo State achievers in various fields. Hence the naming of the Owerri Township Stadium after Nigeria's erstwhile football captain, "DAN ANYIAM". He acquired a land area of 53 hectares for a model Workers' Haven. It now houses the Redemption Estate along the Owerri - Port Harcourt Express, which was developed by a later administration.
Later career
He was retired in July 1999 by a policy that affected all Officers who had held Political appointments during the Military era. He was also appointed to the board of Summa Guaranty and Trust Plc. He spends his retirement on part-time Real Estate Consultancy. He is a fellow of the Nigerian Society of Engineers and a member of the Enugu State Advisory Council.
See also
List of Governors of Imo State
References
Governors of Imo State
Living people
Nigerian Navy officers
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Kano State
University of Lagos alumni
Alumni of the University of Portsmouth
Gmina Legnickie Pole (German:Wahlstatt Gemeinde) is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the village of Legnickie Pole, which lies approximately south-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2019 its total population is 5,233.
Neighbouring gminas
Gmina Legnickie Pole is bordered by the town of Legnica and the gminas of Krotoszyce, Kunice, Męcinka, Mściwojów, Ruja and Wądroże Wielkie.
Villages
The gmina contains the villages of Bartoszów, Biskupice, Czarnków, Gniewomierz, Kłębanowice, Koiszków, Koskowice, Księginice, Legnickie Pole, Lubień, Mąkolice, Mikołajowice, Nowa Wieś Legnicka, Ogonowice, Psary, Raczkowa, Strachowice and Taczalin.
References
Legnickie Pole
Legnica County
Salisbury Township may refer to:
Salisbury Township, Sangamon County, Illinois
Salisbury Township, Chariton County, Missouri, in Chariton County, Missouri
Salisbury Township, Rowan County, North Carolina
Salisbury Township, Meigs County, Ohio
Salisbury Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
Salisbury Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
Salisbury Township School District
Township name disambiguation pages
Mercy Hunter HRUA PPRUA ARCA MBE (22 January 1910 – 20 July 1989) was a Northern Irish artist, calligrapher and teacher. Hunter was a founding member of the Ulster Society of Women Artists, where she was later to become president and she was also a past president of the Royal Ulster Academy of Arts.
Early life
Mercy Hunter was born in Belfast on 22 January 1910, one of five children of William Hunter, a Presbyterian minister, and his Russian-born wife Alice Beyer. Hunter was christened Martha Saie Kathleen, but was always known as Mercy. Her parents served as missionaries in China, with Hunter travelling to Manchuria at the age of four.
She spent her childhood there, leaving to attend secondary school in Toronto, Canada, and at Belfast Royal Academy. She went on to attend Belfast College of Art from 1927 to 1929, and won a scholarship to the Royal College of Art in London from 1930 to 1933 where she studied under the calligrapher Edward Johnston.
Whilst in London she befriended numerous Ulster artists, including William Scott, F. E. McWilliam, Crawford Mitchell, and her future husband, the sculptor George MacCann. Hunter returned to Belfast in 1937, and married MacCann the following year.
Artistic career
Hunter spent the majority of her career as an art teacher in a number of grammar schools in Northern Ireland such as Dungannon High School for Girls, County Tyrone, Banbridge Academy, County Down, and Armagh High School. She became the head of art at Victoria College, Belfast in 1947, where she remained until her retirement in 1970.
In the spring of 1944 Hunter showed portraits in pencil and watercolour, as well as some landscapes, alongside her brother at Pollock's Gallery in Belfast. Hunter also began a life-long relationship with the Ulster Academy of Arts in 1944 when she participated in their annual exhibition for the first time, by showing three portraits. She was to exhibit with their successor organisation, the Royal Ulster Academy of Arts throughout her life, and missed only three annual exhibitions in the thirty years between 1950 and 1980. Hunter served as President of the RUA from 1976-1977, having previously been honoured by her appointment as Associate of the RUA in 1948 and as an Academician in 1967. She was bestowed with an MBE in 1970 for her services to art and education.
Hunter is best known for her calligraphy, illuminated addresses, and a small number of illustrated books, including her husband's 1942 book Sparrows Round my Brow. She also created costume designs for the local theatres and for Patricia Mulholland's Irish ballet company. Hunter designed all the costumes for the Grand Opera Sociey of Northern Ireland's 1958 production of Carmen, when it was said that she had already created 200 designs for production up until this date.
In 1965 Hunter joined twelve Ulster artists including Alice Berger Hammerschlag, Basil Blackshaw, Colin Middleton, Romeo Toogood, and Olive Henry in an exhibition of diverse landscape paintings at the Arts Council Of Northern Ireland Gallery. Hunter donated a picture to an exhibition to raise funds for victims of civil disturbances in Belfast in the autumn of 1969. The exhibition at Queen's University was organised by Sheelagh Flanagan and showed the of work T P Flanagan, William Scott and F E McWilliam, Deborah Brown, Cherith McKinstry, and Carolyn Mulholland as well as more than twenty others.
Hunter received an honorary Master's degree from Queen's University Belfast in 1975 at the same time as her long-term collaborator Patricia Mulholland. The wife of the Northern Irish Secretary of State Colleen Rees was the curator of a personal selection of works from Ulster Artists hosted at the Leeds Playhouse Gallery in 1976. Hunter's work was among 49 works from various artists where she displayed alongside Raymond Piper, Carolyn Mulholland, Joe McWilliams, TP Flanagan, Tom Carr and many others.
Hunter was amongst the founding members, and a past president of the Ulster Society of Women Artists, and exhibited frequently with the Ulster Watercolour Society. Owing to her numerous lectures and broadcasts, Hunter was a well known figure to the Northern Irish public. After her retirement Hunter continued to teach art history at Rupert Stanley College, continued to design costumes and she also became a trustee of the Ulster Museum.
Hunter showed a number of works including Main Gate: the Citadel Gozo and Church at Jordina Halsa Gozo, with Joy Clements, George C Morrison, Wilfred J Haughton, Robin McCully and Tom Kerr at the Malone Gallery, Belfast in 1982.
Death and legacy
Hunter died on 20 July 1989, in hospital in Dungannon. The Ulster History Circle unveiled a plaque to Hunter on 3 November 2010, at her former address of 23 Botanic Avenue, Belfast, where she had lived for many years from 1949 until forced to move when a car-bomb destroyed the premises in September 1972.
Hunter's works are held by many public and private collections including the Ulster Museum, Down County Museum and Grand Opera House, Belfast.
References
External links
Examples of work in private collections via Rosss.com
1910 births
1989 deaths
20th-century Irish painters
20th-century Irish women artists
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
Alumni of Ulster University
Artists from Belfast
Irish women painters
Painters from Northern Ireland
People educated at the Belfast Royal Academy
Alumni of Belfast School of Art
Members of the Royal Ulster Academy
Women calligraphers
Lobougoula is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 1418 square kilometers and includes the town and 31 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 32,505. The town of Lobougoula, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 49 km southwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Xiapu Manichean Manuscripts were manuscripts found in October 2008 Shangwan Village, in Baiyang Township, Xiapu County, Fujian Province.
The Moni guangfo is one of the longest manuscripts written with rich contents and a witness of the Manichean belief from the late Tang to modern Fujian locals and the worthy survivor in the history of Manichaeism
The Moni guangfo is a worthy masterpiece in the Xiapu Manichean manuscripts. It belongs to Priest Chen Peisheng, who used it as a rules and liturgies book during his religious ceremonies. Priest Chen was the progeny of Chen Pingshan, who was the orthodox disciple of the Manichaean Master Lin Deng, the eighth-generation ancestor of the Lin family in Shangwan village, of Xiapu in Fujian. The manuscript includes 83 pages, 659 lines, and over 8,400 Chinese characters in total.
In comparison with the older Manichaeism and other sinicised Manichaeism, the Xiapu Manichaean texts strongly emphasize the worship of Jesus.
References
Chinese Manichaeism
Manichaean texts
Madonna del Prato may refer to:
Madonna del Prato (Bellini)
Madonna del Prato (Raphael)
Reveille is a historic mansion in Pulaski, Tennessee. It was built in 1868 for Benjamin Franklin Carter, a veteran of the Confederate States Army. It was designed in the Italianate architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since October 28, 1994.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Italianate architecture in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1868
Houses in Giles County, Tennessee
Eric Evan Paterson (September 11, 1929 – January 14, 2014) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway.
References
External links
bio
1929 births
2014 deaths
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Khin Yi () is a Burmese politician current Union Minister for Immigration and Population of Myanmar (Burma). He previously served as the Chief of the Myanmar Police Force and is a retired Brigadier General. He currently serves as vice-chairman of the Union Solidarity and Development Party.
Early life and education
Khin Yi was born on 29 December 1952. He graduated from the 17th intake is the Defence Services Academy.
Career
He ordered the bloody crackdown on protesters at the Saffron Revolution, later became Immigration Minister in Thein Sein's quasi-civilian government and again in the military junta Min Aung Hlaing's cabinet.
References
People from Ayeyarwady Region
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
1952 births
Living people
José Solís y Folch de Cardona, grande de España and knight of the Order of Santiago (February 4, 1716 in Madrid – April 27, 1770) was a Spanish colonial administrator and viceroy of New Granada from November 24, 1753 to February 25, 1761.
Background
Solís y Folch de Cardona was a son of José Solís y Gante, 3rd Duke of Montellano, one of the original members of the Real Academia Española. His brother Francisco de Solís y Folch de Cardona (1713-1775) was a Roman Catholic cardinal. José was a cavalry colonel from 1736 to 1747, in charge of a regiment. Spanish King Ferdinand VI named him viceroy of New Granada.
As viceroy
He inaugurated an era of ostentatious ceremony previously unknown in this Spanish colony. He fortified the mint, built roads, bridges and aqueducts (including that of Santa Fé de Bogotá) and established missions. He ordered the first census of the colony. He took steps to secure the submission of the Motilon, Chimila and Cunacuna indigenous people of Darién. He also reorganized the postal service and improved tax collection and the performance of the Audiencia. He tried to organize the mineral industry and internal commerce. He reestablished the chair of medicine at the Colegio del Rosario. In addition he formed a commission to establish the boundaries with the Portuguese colony of Brazil.
He founded the Hospital San Juan de Dios and assisted many people during an epidemic of measles.
He was known for his thoroughness, justice and integrity, and was well beloved by his subjects. He fell in love with María Lugarda Ospina, known as la Marichuela. They had several children who bore the last name Celís. Nevertheless, both the cabildo and the archbishop of Bogotá asked the king to extend his mandate when it first expired after three years.
Juicio de residencia
He had some disputes with the Audiencia. His opponents charged him with various offenses in the juicio de residencia (trial of grievances) that followed his administration. This was a nearly routine investigation at the end of a viceregal administration. However, that of Solís was more than routine. Six months of testimony was taken, and the report forwarded to the Council of the Indies contained more than 20,000 sheets. The judge in the case was Miguel de Santisteban, whom the viceroy had considered his best friend, and who had held high positions in the viceregal government. The judgment of the court was that Solís was guilty of 22 of the charges, all relating to fraud or mismanagement of the viceregal treasury. This judgment was delivered on August 25, 1762, but Solís had by then entered the monastery.
The case was appealed to the Council of the Indies, which found Solís not guilty on all counts on August 29, 1764. The Council also praised him for the "love, fervor, effectiveness and dispatch" he had exhibited in his seven-year term of office.
Religious life
After turning over the office to his successor, Pedro Messía de la Cerda, he became a monk in a Franciscan convent (February 25, 1761). (He had been a member of the Third Order of Franciscans before he became viceroy.) He helped finance the construction of the church of the Third Order in Bogotá, and donated the bells and clock for the Church of San Francisco. He gave away the rest of his property to the poor and lived sequestered until his death in 1770, in Bogotá. Fray José de Jesús María (as he was known after taking the habit) became a priest in 1769. That year he was recommended to the king by the political and religious leaders of Bogotá as the next archbishop.
He never held that position. He died on April 27, 1770 in Bogotá, of a cold contracted at Easter. His skull is conserved in the sacristy of the Church of San Francisco in Bogotá.
References
Mantilla, Luís Carlos. La autodefensa del Virrey-Fraile. Bogotá, Editorial Kelly, 1990.
Mantilla, Luis Carlos. "La biblioteca del Virrey-Fraile". Thesaurus, Vol. 44, 1989.
"Solís, José", in Gran Enciclopedia de Colombia
External links
Encarta (Archived 2009-10-31)
His article at La Biblioteca Luis Ángel Arango
María Lugarda
1716 births
1770 deaths
Viceroys of New Granada
Spanish colonial governors and administrators
Spanish untitled nobility
Knights of Santiago
Peckols and Patollo (known under a multitude of different names) were gods in the pagan Prussian mythology who were worshiped by the Old Prussians. Most researchers believe that, despite varying names, Peckols and Patollo were probably the same god in charge of the underworld and the dead. It is usually described as an angry, evil spirit similar to the Lithuanian Velnias.
Patollu was first mentioned in 1418 by Bishop of Warmia in a letter to the Pope. Chronicler Simon Grunau (1529) provided more vivid but dubious details about Patollo. According to Grunau, Patollo was one of the three gods portrayed on the flag and coat of arms of King Widewuto and worshiped in the temple of Rickoyoto. He was portrayed as an old man with a white beard and a white headdress similar to a turban. He was a frightening and ruthless god of the dead who would haunt and taunt the living if they disobeyed their pagan priests or buried the dead without proper sacrifices to the gods. Many other early modern writers, including Alexander Guagnini and Lucas David, followed Grunau in their descriptions of Patollo.
The Sudovian Book (1520s), mentioned two beings – Peckols, the god of hell and darkness, and Pockols, the airborne spirit or devil. The same pair is also found in the church decrees of 1530 (Constitutiones Synodales). There, Pecols was identified with the Roman god of the underworld, Pluto and Pocols with the Greek deities of anger, the Furies. Jan Sandecki Malecki followed the Sudovian Book and wrote about Pocclum and Poccollum. Jonas Bretkūnas, Caspar Hennenberger, and later authors attempted to reconcile the accounts provided by Grunau and the Sudovian Book. In the 17th century Christoph Hartknoch and Matthäus Prätorius testified that people still believed in Picolli and Pykullis.
References
Death gods
Prussian gods
Lithuanian gods
Baltic gods
Underworld gods
Swords of Deceit is a 1986 adventure module for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, for the Lankhmar setting.
Plot summary
The module contains three magazine-sized scenarios for the Lankhmar setting, the first of which is called "The Curse of Valinor". In this scenario, the player characters become involved in intrigue among Lankhmar's nobles. The second scenario, "Return of the Rats", is a continuation of Swords of Lankhmar, in which Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser go missing and the PCs are recruited to find them. The player characters are shrunk and sent into the Rat Kingdom of the Undercity to find Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. The third scenario, "One Night in Lankhmar", begins in a gambling den. The scenario pits the player characters against gamblers, assassins, and illusions.
This 10th to 15th level adventure is designed for the LANKHMAR City of Adventure setting and the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons game. It cannot be played without the Lankhmar City of Adventure book or the AD&D rules published by TSR, Inc.
Publication history
Swords of Deceit was designed by Stephen Bourne, Michael Dobson, Steve Mecca, and Ken Rolston, with cover art by Keith Parkinson, and was published by TSR in 1986 as a 40-page booklet with a color map and an outer folder. According to the module cover, it is intended for 4-5 player characters of levels 10-15.
CA2 is the second module produced for use with the Lankhmar - City of Adventure campaign pack. This module contains the 40-page scenario booklet, five pre-generated characters, and a copy of the full-color city map (including the main sewers).
Reception
Graeme Davis reviewed Swords of Deceit for White Dwarf #82. Davis felt that the suggested levels for PCs were too high, and should have been more like 7-10; he suspected that this was done "so that Fafhrd and the Grey Mouser could be used", and had "a sneaking suspicion that American produced modules are written with a few levels of slack in them, so that it's possible to take the Rambo approach".
Of the scenarios, Davis called "The Curse of Valinor" a "strong tale about skeletons in the closet coming home to roost, with a mini-dungeon which is slightly hackneyed and a bit too helpful", pointing out that the monster's tomb contains a book which explains the whole story. He found "Return of the Rats" excellent with good role-playing opportunities and nice NPC characterization, although he found the sewer system in the scenario disappointing and illogical. Davis' favorite was "One Night in Lankhmar", stating that "No matter where your players have been or what they've done, they will never, ever forget this one. They'll probably never work out what's going on, either The whole thing is beautifully set up to leave them with the uneasy feeling that they've just clipped the edge of something really big."
Davis declared Swords of Deceit to be very good, "for an experienced DM with a group who are used to demanding and thoughtful adventures with the accent on role-playing".
See also
List of Dungeons & Dragons modules
References and Footnotes
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Bernard Blanchet (born 1 December 1943 in Saint-Mars-la-Jaille) is a former professional French football player.
External links
Profile on FFF.fr
Profile on Free.fr
1943 births
Living people
French footballers
France international footballers
FC Nantes players
Stade Lavallois players
Ligue 1 players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Loire-Atlantique
Cihatlı is a village in the Gemlik district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gemlik District
Acacia semirigida, also known as stony ridge wattle, is a shrub or tree belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae native to north eastern Australia.
Description
The shrub or tree typically grows to a height of . It has glabrous, dark reddish branchlets that are angled at the extremities. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves, the phyllodes are usually ascending to erect and have a narrowly oblanceolate to narrowly elliptic or linear shape that is straight or shallowly incurved. The thin, glabrous and moderately coriaceous phyllodes are in length and wide have a distinct midrib and marginal nerves. When it blooms it produces racemose inflorescences with small spherical flower-heads that contain 15 to 25 pale yellow flowers. After flowering thinly coriaceous seed pods that are dark or reddish brown in colour. The pods have straight edges but can be slightly constricted between the seeds. They are to around in lengtha dn wide and slightly shiny. The seeds inside the pods are arranged longitudinally and have a narrowly oblong to slightly elliptic shape. The slightly shiny black seeds have a length of and are minutely pitted with a clavate aril.
Distribution
It is endemic are an area over which it is found scattered in south eastern Queensland from around Goombungee and Kogan in the north to near Eidsvold in the south where it is found growing in shallow soils over and around sandstone as a part of open Eucalyptus forest communities.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
semirigida
Flora of Queensland
Plants described in 1927
Taxa named by Joseph Maiden
Taxa named by William Blakely
The Exo Building is a 17-storey office building located at the corner of North Wall Quay and East Wall Road in Dublin 1, Ireland. The building is adjacent to the Point Depot (now the 3Arena) fronting on to the river Liffey and Dublin port. As of 2021, it is the tallest office building in the Republic of Ireland at 73 metres tall. The name Exo is in reference to its exoskeleton which reflects the traditional industrial crane and gantry landscape of the port area.
State owned postal services and delivery company An Post have signed a lease to become the anchor tenant of the building.
History
The site was part of Dublin Bay and included a series of islands at low tide up until the reclamation of the land following the construction of the North Wall in 1717. The exact location sat at the corner of the reclaimed land facing open sea on one side and the mouth of the river Liffey on another prior to the construction of the modern Dublin Port.
The site was later used as a railway and support yard by the Great Southern and Western Railway Company as part of the overall Point Depot facility. Later in the 20th century as the site ceased being used as a railway and goods depot, the main warehouse changed use to a music and concert venue while the adjacent yard ceased being used to transport trains and good carts to the port and largely lay empty as a supporting space.
The Watchtower
The building was constructed on a site which was previously earmarked for a Harry Crosbie Celtic Tiger era 40-storey residential skyscraper named The Watchtower. The building was later revised down to 32 stories before planning was granted by the Dublin Docklands Development Authority in 2006. While construction began on the building soon after with excavations being completed in full and foundations and a 3-storey underground basement nearing completion, following the collapse of the Irish property market, the scheme was ultimately mothballed.
A succession of one off amusements and instalments including the underground Harry's bar and the Wheel of Dublin operated in and over the filled-in space for a period owing to its location adjacent to the 3 Arena. Crosbie's loans ultimately transferred to NAMA in 2013 and soon after Grant Thornton were appointed receivers with the development officially ceasing.
See also
Point Village
References
Buildings and structures in Dublin (city)
Skyscraper office buildings in the Republic of Ireland
Office buildings in the Republic of Ireland
Dublin Docklands
Skyscrapers in the Republic of Ireland
Buildings and structures under construction
Lactonitrile is the organic compound with the formula CH3CH(OH)CN. It is an intermediate in the industrial production of ethyl lactate and lactic acid. It is the cyanohydrin of acetaldehyde. It is a colorless liquid, although degraded samples can appear yellow.
Synthesis and use
Lactonitrile is obtained by the addition of hydrogen cyanide to acetaldehyde.
Lactonitrile is used in making esters of lactic acid.
Regulations
Cyanohydrins are sources of highly toxic hydrogen cyanide.
The substance is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S. Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (42 U.S.C. 11002), and is subject to strict reporting requirements by facilities which produce, store, or use it in significant quantities.
References
Cyanohydrins
Thomas Widdowson (1862 – 1944) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County.
Early career
Tom Widdowson was born in Hucknall, in the County of Nottinghamshire. When Widdowson was born, (between 1 January and 31 March 1862) Hucknall was an industrial centre just to the North of the City of Nottingham. Apparently, Widdowson appeared to be a late developer in football terms as he was not signed by Nottingham Forest until 1887, when he was past his 25th Birthday. When Widdowson was on the books at Nottingham Forest, 1887-1888 the club were not playing in a competitive League but did enter the F.A. Cup. Widdowson was still at Forest at the start of 1888–1889 season but by December 1888 Notts County needed a goalkeeper and so Widdowson, approaching his 27th Birthday signed for a Football League club.
League & Notts County debut
Tom Widdowson made his debut at Trent Bridge, Nottingham on 8 December 1888. The opponents were high-flying Aston Villa, with only 1,500 in attendance. The weather was terrible, heavy rainfall, and Notts County had prioritized a FA Cup tie so the League team was described as a "scratch" side.
Many County players were making their Club or League debuts and some, never played again after this match. However, picked out for praise was Tom Widdowson who was described by contemporary accounts as having a good match. Widdowson could do nothing to stop the shot from Albert Brown that put Villa ahead. Widdowson had parried a powerful shot from Villa forward, Archie Hunter, but he couldn't hold the ball which fell to Brown who scored. County played well after going behind and came back into the game and got a deserved equalizer, scored by Bob Jardine. 1–1 at Half-Time.
Villa forward Archie Goodall restored Villa' lead. Goodall latched onto a shot by fellow forward, Tommy Green and swept the ball past Widdowson. County rallied again after falling behind and scored a second equalizer by debut man Fred Weightman. County did have a chance to take the lead but after County equalized it was all Villa. Tommy Green restored Villa' lead and Archie Goodall made sure of the two points with his second goal in the match. Full Time score Notts County 2-4 Aston Villa.
1888-1889 season
Tom Widdowson made his debut on 8 December 1888 as goalkeeper for Notts County. He became ever-present from his debut so, from 8 December 1888 until the final game of the season, 16 March 1889 Widdowson played 12 times in goal in League matches and twice in FA Cup ties. He achieved two clean-sheets. In a 3–0 win over high-flying Wolverhampton Wanderers at Trent Bridge on 19 January 1889 and a 2–0 win over Old Brightonians at Trent Bridge on 2 February 1889. The latter match was a FA Cup First Round tie.
Widdowson played 12 league matches for Notts County and when he played his team scored 21 goals (out of 40) and conceded 37 out of 73 goals. The 40 goals was the joint third lowest tally by any League club that season. The 73 goals conceded was the worst by any League club in 1888–1889. Notts County finished 11th and had to seek re-election.
1889 onwards
Widdowson was retained for the 1889–1890 season by Notts County but he never got to play a first team match. So when he played on 16 March 1889 at Castle Cricket Ground, Nottingham against Derby County that was his last match for Notts County and his last League appearance.
In 1890 he returned to Nottingham Forest. Nottingham Forest played in a League called the Football Alliance which Forest won in 1891–1892. In 1892-1893 Nottingham Forest were elected to the Football League. Widdowson remained on Forest' books until 1898 but he was never called up to play a League match. In 1898 now aged 36, he left Forest and joined Kimberley Town Football Club who competed in the FA Cup. There are no records of when Widdowson retired from football. Widdowson passed away, aged 82, on 20 June 1944 in Nottingham.
References
1862 births
1944 deaths
English footballers
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Notts County F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
Cornelius Brosnan (27 December 1900 – 12 August 1975) was an Irish Gaelic footballer, selector and trainer. At club level he played with Newtownsandes and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior football team. He usually lined out at midfield.
Career
Brosnan played with the Newtownsandes club from 1917. In 1923, he was selected for the Kerry senior football team, which lost the All-Ireland final to Dublin. The following year he won the first of six All-Ireland Championships. Partnering Bob Stack at midfield, Brosnan scored twice in the one-point victory over Dublin. A second winners' medal followed in 1926 after a replay against Kildare in which he played despite illness. In 1927 he was part of the Kerry panel that toured the United States and of the Munster team that won the inaugural Railway Cup. Brosnan's remaining All-Ireland medals were won during Kerry's record-equaling four-in-a-row achievement from 1929 to 1932, being team captain when they defeated Kildare in 1931. Renowned for his physique, fielding, and ability to kick points, he also won nine Munster Championship titles, four consecutive National League titles and was included on the national team in the Tailteann Games. In retirement from playing Brosnan remained closely linked with Kerry football and trained the team to All-Ireland victories in 1939 and 1940.
Personal life and death
Educated at St. Michael's College in Listowel, Brosnan joined the Irish Volunteers and Sinn Féin in 1917. He participated in a series of engagements during the War of Independence and was among the party that killed District Inspector Tobias O'Sullivan in December 1920. After the Anglo-Irish Treaty Brosnan immediately joined the Free State Army. He resigned his army commission in 1933 when holding the rank of captain, and in the general election of that year unsuccessfully ran as a Cumann na nGaedheal candidate for Kerry. He was also a member of the Army Comrades Association. Brosnan married Catherine Walsh in 1925 and had three sons and a daughter. Two of their sons, Mick and Jim, won an All-Ireland medals with Kerry.
Brosnan died in Moyvane on 12 August 1975.
Honours
Player
Kerry
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1924, 1926, 1929, 1930, 1931 (c), 1932
Munster Senior Football Championship: 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1927, 1929, 1930, 1931 (c), 1932
National Football League: 1927–28, 1928–29, 1930–31 (c), 1931–32
Munster
Railway Cup: 1927, 1931
Trainer
Kerry
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1939, 1940
Munster Senior Football Championship: 1939, 1940
References
1900 births
1975 deaths
Moyvane Gaelic footballers
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of six All-Ireland medals (Gaelic football)
Kırahmetler, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Law Glacier () is a glacier about wide between the south end of the Queen Elizabeth Range and the MacAlpine Hills, gradually descending east-northeast from the Antarctic polar plateau to Bowden Névé. It was named by the New Zealand party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (1956–58) for B.R. Law, Deputy-Chairman of the Ross Sea Committee.
References
Glaciers of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
El Fondó de les Neus (; ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vinalopó Mitjà in the Comunidad Valenciana, Spain.
It is a small village, inland, west of the Alicante province. Its nearest city is Elche to the south east or Crevillente. The name literally means "Gorge of the Snow", a reference to the village's patron "The Virgin of the Snow". This effigy and the church are at the heart of village life.
References
http://www.fondoneus.es
Vinalopó Mitjà
Prantik is a multi-topic Assamese language magazine published fortnightly from Guwahati since 1981. It plays a vital role in the socio-political lives of the people of Assam, India.
The founding chief editor of the magazine was Bhabendranath Saikia. The founding editor was Pradip Baruah, who is also its present editor after more than three decades.
Presently, it is still being published as a leading Assamese fortnightly. Some of its articles include "Buddhi Jukti" and "Letters from Canada". Pages from Bhabendra Nath Saikia's personal diary are published at the last page of each issue.
References
1981 establishments in Assam
Assamese-language mass media
Assamese-language magazines
Assamese literature
Biweekly magazines published in India
Monthly magazines published in India
Magazines established in 1981
A painter and traveller, Georges Ricard-Cordingley (1873-1939) constantly searched for an original contact with the world of sea.
Biography
1873 - January 30 : Georges Ricard born in Lyon, to parents Prosper Louis Ricard and Georgina Marie Cordingley. Childhood spent chiefly in Lyon and Boulogne-sur-Mer; quickly displays a gift for drawing.
1875, Death of his father.
1887, Becomes student of Jean-Charles Cazin (1840-1901), landscape artist in Pas-de-Calais.
1888-1889, Attends School of Fine Arts, Lyon
1890, Enrolls in Académie Julian, Paris; studies under Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant, Louis Martinet, and Jules Lefèvre.
1892, Death of his mother; Georges is 19. Stays with mother's relatives during trip to England, adopts the surname Cordingley.
First voyage to the North Sea with the Fishermen's Mission. First studies for seascapes.
1894, Paintings very well received in Queen Victoria's court.
1895, Second trip to North Sea. Produce studies of waves, clouds. Also paints myriad fishermen's portraits, portscapes.
Works exhibited in Paris and London.
1896, Third voyage to North Sea; continues across the Atlantic with a French mission to seafarers. Shipwreck in Newfoundland.
1901, Establishes studio in Boulogne-sur-Mer.
Divides time between London, Paris, and Boulogne. Paints portraits and seascapes.
1903, Responsible for ornamentation of Wimereux Casino (Pas-de-Calais).
1909-1910, Voyage and exhibitions in Australia.
1911, Marries Suzanne Giraud-Teulon, later the mother of his three children:
Éliane (1913-1945), Louis (1917-1942) and Gabrielle (born 1924).
1914-1918, Assigned to work as ambulance attendant in Lyon. Continues drawing.
1918, Moves to Villa des Enfants in Cannes; buys Villa René on Boulevard Sainte-Beuve in Boulogne-sur-Mer.
1924-1928, Buys a house in Neuilly-sur-Seine.
Divides time between the Parisian suburb, Cannes and Boulogne. Takes many trips Normandy, Brittany, the Mediterranean, North Africa. Exhibits work in and around Paris, Cannes, and Boulogne.
Also travels to lake regions in Switzerland, Italy and France.
1928-1930, Trips to the Netherlands, Basque Country, North Sea.
1931-1934, Trips to North Africa, notably to Morocco, where he exhibited work in 1934.
Winters in Cannes, summers in Boulogne-sur-Mer.
1935, Continues to paint in Cannes. Travels to Spain and Portugal.
1936, Moves to Mougins, then to Cannet, to be near the sea.
1939 - April 25: death in Cannes following a cerebral hemorrhage.
Work
Georges Ricard-Cordingley is the only maritime artist to have begun life in Lyon. His taste for the esoteric, his writings about art, and his treatment of mist in seascapes—nuanced tones, subtle harmonies—make him a clear product of the Lyonnais school of painting. Here was a man remarkable for his discretion, finesse, and restraint in conveying feelings and emotions. Ricard-Cordingley was said to be a painter of colourful greys: hues echoed not only in the styles of the Lyonnais and London schools, but in the two cities themselves, which granted the artist his first taste of success. He would also find a niche in Boulogne-sur-Mer and Cannes. In Cordingley's mind, the morning fog on the North Sea was linked to the evening fog on the Côte d'Azur, and his work basks in the uncertain, infinite nature that this artistic “bilingualism” so effortlessly translates into universal emotion. Different—but above all, diverse—Cordingley's oils, watercolours and charcoals are marked by a unique artistic vision that unites them all.
From Pierre Miquel (1921-2002) art historian, Cordingley expert
References
Sources
Cristina Baron, Georges Ricard-Cordingley, Paris, musée national de la Marine, 2006,
1873 births
1939 deaths
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
Artists from Lyon
19th-century French male artists
Aram Ramazyan (, born December 6, 1978) is a retired amateur boxer from Armenia.
He represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia in the men's bantamweight (54 kg) division. He lost in the first round to Georgia's Theimuraz Khurtsilava. Ramazyan won a bronze medal at the 1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Budapest. The next year, Ramazyan won a bronze medal at the 1998 Boxing World Cup. He also won a bronze medal at the 2000 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Tampere.
References
External links
Sports-Reference.com
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yerevan
Bantamweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Armenia
Boxers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Armenian male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Grihshobha is a biweekly magazine aimed at Indian woman.
History and profile
Grihshobha was started in 1979 as a monthly by the Delhi Press Group. Since its inception, Grihshobha has enjoyed wide readership in the Hindi belt of the country. The headquarters is in New Delhi. The magazine focuses on women's issues, and often features racy short stories, fashion, recipes, advice columns, and comments on socialites and current events. It carries features on housekeeping, cookery, knitting, interior decoration, beauty care, dress designing, hobbies and handicraft, besides helping women understand social, national as well as universal issues.
Although it was started in Hindi language, it has editions in languages Bangla, Gujarati, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Tamil and Telugu. Between July and December 2000 Grihshobha was the second best-selling women's magazine in India with a circulation of 3,333,651 copies.
References
External links
Official website
1979 establishments in Delhi
Biweekly magazines published in India
Monthly magazines published in India
Multilingual magazines
Women's magazines published in India
Magazines established in 1979
Magazines published in Delhi
Indonesia competed in the 2021 Asian Youth Para Games which will be held in Manama, Bahrain from 2 to 6 December 2021. Indonesia contingent has 35 athletes who will compete in seven sports.
Edward Hutahayan, treasure of the National Paralympic Committee of Indonesia, is the chef de mission of the delegation.
Due to non-compliance with the new Anti-Doping rules by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), Indonesia were not allowed to be represented by their flag. As a replacement, they used a flag with NPC Indonesia emblem.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors in the Games:
Medalists
Medals
Boccia
Men
Women
Mixed
References
Indonesia 2021
Asian Youth Para Games
Asian Youth Para Games, 2021
Nations at the 2021 Asian Youth Para Games
The San Diego Tigers were a Negro league baseball team in the West Coast Negro Baseball League, based in San Diego, California, in 1946.
References
Negro league baseball teams
Baseball teams in San Diego
Defunct baseball teams in California
Baseball teams disestablished in 1946
Baseball teams established in 1946
Led Zeppelin's Autumn 1969 European Tour was a concert tour of Europe by the English rock band, commencing on 3 October and concluding on 12 October 1969. The tour consisted of four concerts held on the European mainland, but also included a single performance at the Lyceum Ballroom in London, England. This brief tour was organised to promote the imminent release of the band's second album, Led Zeppelin II. The album was released in late October 1969, just following the conclusion of this tour.
For the concert in London, the English press announced that Led Zeppelin will receive "the highest fee ever paid to a British group for a one-nighter in this country", although the actual fee was never publicly divulged. Support for this concert was provided by The Frosty Noses and Audience.
The night in Paris on 10 October 1969 was released as Led Zeppelin (Deluxe Edition) on 3 June 2014, with "Good Times Bad Times/Communication Breakdown" released on 15 April 2014 on iTunes only.
Tour set list
Despite the original intent of the tour being to promote the band's album, ultimately only three tracks from the album were performed for the first time, namely "Heartbreaker", "What Is and What Should Never Be", and "Moby Dick".
The fairly typical set list for the tour was:
"Good Times Bad Times" (intro) / "Communication Breakdown" (Bonham, Jones, Page)
"I Can't Quit You Baby" (Dixon)
"Heartbreaker" (Bonham, Page, Jones, Plant) (on 10 and 12 October only)
"Dazed and Confused" (Page)
"White Summer"/"Black Mountain Side" (Page) (on 10 October only)
"You Shook Me" (Dixon, Lenoir) (on 5, 10, and 12 October only)
"What Is and What Should Never Be" (Page, Plant) (on 12 October only)
"Moby Dick" (Bonham, Jones, Page) (on 10 October only)
"How Many More Times" (Bonham, Jones, Page)
There were some set list substitutions, variations, and order switches during the tour.
Tour dates
References
External links
Comprehensive archive of known concert appearances by Led Zeppelin (official website)
Led Zeppelin concert setlists
Sources
Lewis, Dave and Pallett, Simon (1997) Led Zeppelin: The Concert File, London: Omnibus Press. .
Led Zeppelin concert tours
1969 concert tours
1969 in Europe
October 1969 events in Europe
Albemarle Street is a street in Mayfair in central London, off Piccadilly. It has historic associations with Lord Byron, whose publisher John Murray was based here, and Oscar Wilde, a member of the Albemarle Club, where an insult he received led to his suing for libel and to his eventual imprisonment. It is also known for its art galleries and the Brown's Hotel is located at 33 Albemarle Street.
History
Albemarle Street was built by a syndicate of developers headed by Sir Thomas Bond. The syndicate purchased a Piccadilly mansion called Clarendon House from Christopher Monck, 2nd Duke of Albemarle in 1684, which had fallen into ruin due to neglect caused by the dissolute duke's spendthrift ways. It was sold for £20,000, a fifth less than the duke had paid for it only nine years previously despite the land values in the area increasing in the intervening period. The house was demolished and the syndicate proceeded to develop the area. At that time the house backed onto open fields and the development of the various estates in Mayfair was just getting underway. The syndicate also built Old Bond Street, Dover Street and Stafford Street.
Albemarle Street was the first one-way street created for the purpose of better traffic flow in London. The decision was taken after a series of lectures by Humphry Davy at the Royal Institution caused long traffic jams in the capital because of the horrendous queues formed by horsedrawn carriages bringing in the eager audience. Albemarle Street was made a one-way street to avoid further incidents of such congestion.
Notable residents
Robert Harley, 1st Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer (1661–1724), a leading minister of Queen Anne, had a house in Albemarle Street where he died in 1724.
Victor Spencer, 1st Viscount Churchill (1864–1934), a Page of Honour to Queen Victoria and British peer, was born at 32 Albemarle Street.
Anne Lister (1791–1840), a notable early 19th-century lesbian, stayed at 29 Albemarle Street in rooms owned by Hawkins, who also had premises in Dover Street. In June 1834 Anne Lister stayed at number 13 with her wife Ann Walker (1803–1854).
The Albemarle Club was originally in Albemarle Street and relocated to Dover Street nearby before its closure. Oscar Wilde was a member. In 1895, the Marquess of Queensberry left his calling card for Wilde with the infamous note "For Oscar Wilde, posing as a somdomite" [sic]. This led to Wilde's failed libel action and subsequent criminal prosecution.
The publisher John Murray was located at 50 Albemarle Street during the 19th and 20th centuries. Lord Byron's memoirs were destroyed in the fireplace on the first floor after his death. Sir John Betjeman, the poet and broadcaster was another Murray author. Murray also published Charles Darwin's The Origin of Species in 1859.
Frenchman Alexander Grillion opened Grillion's Hotel at No. 7 in 1803. Louis XVIII stayed here in 1814, before his return to France. It was also the meeting place of Grillion's dining club. The Royal Thames Yacht Club was later based here.
The Royal Institution is at 21 Albemarle Street and forms an imposing backdrop on the street with its row of classical columns on its frontage. The building has been greatly enlarged and redeveloped since 1799 when the Institution was founded, and is now a Grade I listed building. Because of the Institution's popularity (through its scientific lectures), Albemarle Street became London's first one-way street to avoid traffic problems.
The naturalist Thomas Huxley founded the X Club as a dining club meeting for the first time on 3 November 1864 at St George's Hotel, Albemarle Street, with a select membership of nine proponents of the evolutionary "new reformation" in naturalism who supported the ideas of Charles Darwin and became increasingly influential in late 19th century science.
Rev. William Webb Ellis (1806–1872) was an Anglican clergyman who is famous for allegedly being the inventor of Rugby football whilst a pupil at Rugby School. He graduated from Oxford with a BA in 1829 and received his MA in 1831. He entered the Church and became chaplain of St George's Chapel, Albemarle Street, London (c. 1800–1903). Here he published his Sermons: Preached in St. George's Chapel, Albemarle Street; to Which Is Added, an Essay On the Prophecies Relative to Christ. The Chapel was built on instructions of Lord Suffield who lived on Albemarle Street and leased land at number 27 on which at some time between 1800 and 1811 a proprietary chapel, St George's, was built (demolished in the early twentieth century).
The Beaux-Arts building, the Mellier, at 26b Albemarle Street originally the home and showroom of Charles Mellier & Co. Mellier was born in France and became a successful high quality cabinetmaker and decorator; one of his most famous commissions was for the liner RMS Mauretania.
In 1921 Lendrum Motors moved to Mayfair, taking the recently vacated ground floor and basement premises of the Mellier building, creating a fashionable and stylish motor showroom, renamed it ‘Buick House' and from 1923 known as Lendrum & Hartman Limited. It was a major London importer, and sole UK concessionaires of Buick and Cadillac cars from North America between 1919 and 1968. It became the most prestigious car dealership in the country, having sold a Buick to the Prince of Wales, later King Edward VIII in 1935. Today the building is renamed the Mellier again, has been transformed by architect Eric Parry from commercial use into apartments.
In the 1950s, Ernő Goldfinger's design for two office buildings at 45–46 Albemarle Street was praised for its sensitivity to the surrounding Georgian architecture.
The private member's club Oswald's is based in a town house at 25 Albemarle Street.
Galleries
The street is host to a number of art galleries. These include:
Connaught Brown, 2 Albemarle Street
The Archeus Gallery, 3 Albemarle Street
Marlborough Fine Art, 6 Albemarle Street
W. H. Patterson Fine Arts, 19 Albemarle Street
Phillips de Pury & Company, 25–26 Albemarle Street
Mazzoleni Art, 27 Albemarle Street
The Grosvenor Gallery, 37 Albemarle Street
John Martin of London, 38 Albemarle Street
The Belgravia Gallery, 45 Albemarle Street
Gallery of African Art, 45 Albemarle Street
The Albemarle Gallery, 49 Albemarle Street
Faggionato Fine Arts, 49 Albemarle Street (first floor)
Location
To the south-east, the street adjoins Piccadilly. Running parallel with Albemarle Street to the south-west is Dover Street and to the north-east are New Bond Street and Old Bond Street. The nearest tube station is Green Park.
See also
Duke of Albemarle
Earl of Albemarle
List of eponymous roads in London
References
External links
LondonTown.com information
Mayfair
Streets in the City of Westminster
Albemarle Street
Art gallery districts
Royal Institution
Dreiertarock is a 3-handed card game of the Austrian Tarock family. Although less popular than it once was, it is still played in Austria, especially in Carinthia, and in neighboring Slovenia. In 2013, it was one of five variants of Tarock game competed for in the International Piatnik Tarock Tournament (Internationales Piatnik-Tarockturnier) in Vienna. For a long time, three-handed variants of Tarock were played alongside the four-handed games and were very popular everywhere in Austria. They have since fallen behind in popularity which "is a pity because they are interesting variants which demand a high level of skill". They remain popular in Slovenia.
Aim
As the declarer, to score 36 points out of a total of 70 while maximising the game and bonus points. As the two defenders to prevent the declarer winning, while also seeking to earn bonus points.
Rules
The following rules are based on Mayr and Sedlaczek, except where stated:
Dealing
Eight cards are dealt to each player in anticlockwise order, beginning with forehand; then 2 packets of 3 cards are placed, face down, on the table as the talon. Finally, another 8 cards are dealt to each player.
Bidding
Forehand announces "Einser" ("one-er") or "Weiter!" ("pass"). Rearhand can pass or raise this to a "Zweier" ("two-er"). Further bids of Dreier, Vierer and Fünfer may be announced, each raising the game value by one increment. The bids must follow in sequence without any being skipped. Moreover, a player who has been overbid must either 'pass' (Weiter) or 'hold' (ich halte). If they hold, they are offering to play the game at the same value and have priority unless they are, in turn, overbid. So a typical sequence is: Einser - Zweier - Weiter - Ich halte - Weiter. In the case of an Einser, Zweier, etc, the winner of the auction, the declarer, may go on to make use of the talon. To do this, both packets of the talon are turned over and laid face up so that all cards are visible. The declarer then picks up one of the two packets and adds it to his hand before discarding three cards of his choice. He then plays as a soloist against the other two players.
If a player feels he has a particularly strong hand, he may bid for a Solo or Solo Valat. He must do so at the first opportunity during the bidding. A Solo is an undertaking to win the game without using the talon and outranks the Einser, Zweier, etc. announcements. A Solo Valat is an undertaking to win every trick without the talon - in effect a slam.
The final phase of bidding is where various bonuses may be announced (see Scoring).
Playing
Forehand leads to the first trick. Players must follow suit (Farbzwang) or trump (Tarockzwang), but do not have to play to win each trick (i.e. there is no Stechzwang).
Scoring
Card points
Card points are totalled in the normal way for Tarock games i.e. the cards won are grouped in threes. Each packet of three cards is totted up and 2 card points subtracted. The totals are added to work out the score. A player must score at least 35 points + 2 Blatt to win i.e. 35 and 2/3, which is then rounded up to 36. See scoring in Königrufen.
Game values and bonuses
The game values and bonus points (reckoned in cents) are as follows:
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
Kastner, Hugo and Gerald Kador Folkvord (2005). Die große Humboldt-Enzyklopädie der Kartenspiele. Humboldt, Baden-Baden, pp. 246-248. .
Mayr, Wolfgang and Robert Sedlaczek (2008). Die Strategie des Tarockspiels. Atelier, Vienna. .
Tarock card games
Austrian card games
Three-player card games
19th-century card games
Gold Mind Records was the record label of guitarist Norman Harris, distributed via Salsoul Records.
Many of the early Gold Mind tracks were amalgamated by DJ Walter Gibbons. These tracks date from the late 1970s; a couple of years later, Salsoul (with the help of Shep Pettibone) would revive some of the Gold Mind tracks like First Choice's "Doctor Love" and "Let No Man Put Asunder", and Loleatta Holloway's "Love Sensation" for the early 1980s dance jams auditions. These were opened on Salsoul and Larry Levan chose "Double Cross" and "The Greatest Performance Of My Life" for his Larry Levan's Greatest Mixes Volume Two.
"Love Thang" was Tee Scott's first ever mix.
Other notable songs from the Gold Mind catalogue include Holloway's "Dreaming", Love Committee's "Just As Long As I Got You", and "Hit and Run".
See also
List of record labels
Defunct record labels of the United States
Vanity record labels
The 1983 National Panasonic Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Tennis Centre in Brisbane, Australia that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series. It was the fourth edition of the tournament and was held from 14 November through 20 November 1983. First-seeded Pam Shriver won the singles title and earned $27,500 first-prize money.
Finals
Singles
Pam Shriver defeated Wendy Turnbull 6–4, 7–5
It was Shriver's 2nd singles title of the year and the 5th of her career.
Doubles
Anne Hobbs / Wendy Turnbull defeated Pam Shriver / Sharon Walsh 6–3, 6–4
It was Hobbs' 4th title of the year and the 5th of her career. It was Turnbull's 4th title of the year and the 55th of her career.
Prize money
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Tournament draws
National Panasonic Open
National Panasonic Open
National Panasonic Open
National Panasonic Open
National Panasonic Open, 1983
Gnorismoneura quadrativalvata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China.
The wingspan is 13.5–14.5 mm for males and 16.5–18 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is yellowish brown with dark brown patterns. The hindwings are dark grey.
Etymology
The specific name is from the Latin words quadratus (meaning quadrate or square) and valvatus (meaning valva) and refers to the shape of the valva.
References
Moths described in 2004
Archipini
| tries = {{#expr:
+ 4 + 5 + 4 +10 +6 + 6 + 2 + 5
+ 2 + 7 + 5 + 1 + 4 + 8 + 3 + 4
+ 15 + 7 + 10 + 11 + 5 + 7 + 7 + 6
+ 9 + 11 + 7 + 7 + 7 + 5 + 7+ 3
+ 8 + 5 + 9 + 6 + 7 + 7 + 7 + 5
+ 4 + 8 + 13 + 10 + 3 + 5 + 8 + 6
+ 9 + 7 + 7 + 11 + 7 + 8 + 5 + 7
+ 6 + 8 + 13 + 9 + 8 + 15 + 8 + 7
+ 8 + 7 + 11 + 3 + 9 + 9 + 10 + 9
+ 5 + 8 + 10 + 2 + 4 + 9 + 3 + 8
+ 4 + 11 + 5 + 16 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 6
+ 8 + 11 + 9 + 8 + 10 + 11 + 11 + 4
+ 13 + 10 + 9 + 3 + 9 + 6 + 7 + 6
+ 5 + 3 + 5 + 10 + 10 + 10 + 7 + 7
+ 5 + 8 + 3 + 4 + 11 + 4 + 3 + 8
+ 9 + 5 + 7 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 7
+ 13 + 14 + 7 + 9 + 4 + 7 + 6 + 3
+ 8 + 4 + 6 + 14 + 5 + 7
+ 10 + 8 + 7 + 9 + 5 + 10 + 3 + 3
+ 5 + 11 + 8 + 8 + 9 + 9 + 7 + 11
+ 13 + 15 + 7 + 5 + 5 + 10 + 9 + 9
+ 4 + 6 + 9 + 11 + 3 + 6 + 6 + 12
+ 4 + 13 + 6 + 7 + 12 + 8 + 6 + 11
+ 6 + 10
+ 6 + 7 + 5 + 10 + 8 + 9 + 5 + 6
+ 5 + 11 + 7 + 12 + 12 + 7 + 10 + 5
+ 9 + 6 + 8 + 9 + 9 + 10 + 7 + 8
+ 8 + 11 + 7 + 7 + 12 + 5 + 8 + 5
+ 9 + 7 + 12 + 13 + 5 + 12 + 5 + 7
+ 10 + 15 + 7 + 9 + 6 + 7 + 7 + 11
+ 7 + 9 + 10 + 8 + 9 + 7 + 6 + 7
}}
| the lowest attendance = 113Loughborough Students v Blaydon (7 January 2017)Loughborough Students v Old Albanian (4 February 2017)
| top point scorer = Harry Leonard(Rosslyn Park) (265 points)
| top try scorer = Jonas Mikalcius (Hartpury College) (34 tries)
| prevseason = 2015–16
| nextseason = 2017–18
}}
The 2016–17 National League 1, known for sponsorship reasons as the SSE National League 1 was the eighth season of the third tier of the English rugby union system, since the professionalised format of the second tier RFU Championship was introduced; and was the 30th season since league rugby began in 1987.
Hartpury College were crowned the champions on 11 March 2017 after winning their 25th match and maintaining their 100% record. The college side went on break more National League 1 records by winning all 30 games and gaining promotion to the highest level in the club's history. Other records by Hartpury included most league points in a season (143), most points scored (1,455), as well as tying with Ealing Trailfinders (2014–15) for most bonus points gained in a season (28).
Due to London Welsh going into liquidation in January 2017 and being expelled from the RFU Championship, only two teams were relegated from National League 1. On 1 April 2017 newly promoted Macclesfield were the first team to be relegated after they lost 18–21 at home to Plymouth Albion. The second relegation spot was keenly contested and went to the last game of the season with 14th placed Hull Ionians 3 points ahead of 15th placed Blaydon. In the end Blaydon lost their final game while Hull Ionians won theirs to finish 6 points clear. It ended a run of 10 years in the 3rd tier for Blaydon.
Structure
The league consisted of sixteen teams with all the teams playing each other on a home and away basis to make a total of thirty matches each. There was one promotion place with the champions promoted to the Greene King IPA Championship. There are usually three relegation places with the bottom three teams relegated to either National League 2 North or National League 2 South depending on the geographical location of the team. Due to the expulsion of the championship team London Welsh in January 2017, there was no relegation from the championship and subsequently only two teams relegated from this league.
Participating teams and locations
Twelve of the sixteen teams participated in the preceding season's competition. The 2015–16 champions, Richmond, were promoted to the 2016–17 RFU Championship and replaced by Birmingham Moseley (who changed their name from Moseley prior to the season) and were relegated from the 2015–16 RFU Championship. The three teams relegated last season, were Henley Hawks and Cinderford (both to the 2016–17 National League 2 South) and Wharfedale (2016–17 National League 2 North) – with Wharfedale dropping from the third tier for the first time in 20 years. The promoted teams are Cambridge and Macclesfield champions of the 2015–16 National League 2 South and 2015–16 National League 2 North respectively, and Old Albanian who won the promotion play-off against Sedgley Park.
League table
Fixtures
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9
Round 10
Round 11
* Hartpury is the first team (in the top three divisions) to win a bonus point in eleven consecutive matches.
Round 12
Round 13
Round 14
Round 15
Round 16
Hartpury failed to gain a bonus point for the first time this season.
Round 17
Round 18
Round 19
Round 20
Round 21
Round 22
Round 23
Rescheduled matches (from 14 January)
Round 24
Round 25
With victory Hartpury College are champions.
Round 26
Round 27
Macclesfield are relegated.
Round 28
Round 29
Round 30
Blaydon are relegated.
Attendances
Individual statistics
Top points scorers
Top try scorers
Jonas Mikalcius scored two tries on 10 December (attributed to Jonas) against Macclesfield but they have not been added to the published tables (officially 34 tries)
Updated to matches played on 29 April 2017
Season records
Updated to matches played on 29 April 2017
Team
Largest home win — 85 pts
92 – 7 Hartpury College at home to Macclesfield on 22 April 2017
Largest away win — 65 pts
8 – 73 Coventry away to Old Albanian on 8 April 2017
Most points scored — 92 pts
92 – 7 Hartpury College at home to Macclesfield on 22 April 2017
Most points scored away from home — 73 pts
8 – 73 Coventry away to Old Albanian on 8 April 2017
Most tries in a match — 15
92 – 7 Hartpury College at home to Macclesfield on 22 April 2017
Most conversions in a match — 12
Hartpury College at home to Macclesfield on 22 April 2017
Most penalties in a match — 6
Plymouth Albion at Fylde on 8 October 2016
Most drop goals in a match — 1 (6)
Hull Ionians at home to Darlington Mowden Park on 3 September 2016
Cambridge away to Plymouth Albion, both on 3 September 2016
Cambridge away to Rosslyn Park on 10 September 2016
Blaydon away to Birmingham Moseley on 24 September 2016
Rosslyn Park away to Loughborough Students on 8 October 2016
Blaydon at home to Hull Ionians on 12 November 2016
Attendances
Highest — 2,712
Coventry at home to Birmingham Moseley on 17 December 2016
Lowest — 113 (2)
Loughborough Students v Blaydon (7 January 2017)
Loughborough Students v Old Albanian (4 February 2017)
Highest average attendance — 1,264
Coventry
Lowest average attendance — 230
Hull Ionians
Player
Most points in a match — 29 (2)
Protheroe for Hartpury College at Cambridge on 28 October 2016
Law for Darlington Mowden Park at home to Fylde on 8 April 2017
Most tries in a match — 3 (25)
Gair Currie for Loughborough Students away to Cambridge on 1 October 2016
Dan George for Blackheath at home to Blaydon on 8 August 2016
Luke Eves for Harpury College at home to Hull Ionians on 8 October 2016
Ed Sheldon for Birmingham Moseley at home to Old Albanian on 22 October 2016
Joe Brown for Esher at home to Blaydon on 22 October 2016
Scott Armstrong for Fylde at home to Hull Ionians on 22 October 2016
Jonas Mikacius for Hartpury College at home to Ampthill on 22 October 2016
Jonas Mikacius for Hartpury College at home to Rosslyn Park on 5 November 2016
Matt Thompson for Blaydon at home to Hull Ionians on 12 November 2016
Caven for Hartpury College at home to Darlingham Mowden Park on 19 November 2016
Ali Thomson for Hull Ionians away to Cambridge on 26 November 2016
Dan Williams for Plymouth Albion home to Hartpury College on 17 December 2016
Matt Thompson for Blaydon at home to Blackheath on 28 January 2017
Andy Radwan for Darlington Mowden Park at Old Albanian on 28 January 2017
Liebeneberg for Cambridge at Macclesfield on 4 February 2017
Peter White for Coventry at home to Hull Ionians on 18 February 2017
Chris Briers for Fylde at Ampthill on 4 March 2017
Andy Radwan for Darlington Mowden Park home to Macclesfield on 4 March 2017
Protheroe for Hartpury College home to Old Albanian on 11 March 2017
Nigel Baker for Ampthill away to Blaydon on 1 April 2017
Garry Law for Darlington Mowden Park at home to Fylde on 8 April 2017
Max Trimble for Coventry at Old Albanian on 8 April 2017
Jonas Mikacius for Hartpury College at home to Macclesfield on 22 April 2017
Callum Irvine for Hull Ionians at home to Old Albanian on 22 April 2017
Jonas Mikacius for Hartpury College away to Blackheath on 29 April 2017
Most conversions in a match — 11
Adam Hastings for Hartpury College at home to Macclesfield on 22 April 2017
Most penalties in a match — 6
Kieran Hallett for Plymouth Albion away to Fylde on 8 October 2016
Most drop goals in a match — 1 (7)
Lee Millar for Hull Ionians at home to Darlington Mowden Park on 3 September 2016
Jack Green for Cambridge away to Plymouth Albion on 3 September 2016
Dan Lewis for Cambridge at Rosslyn Park on 10 September 2016
Nathan Horsfall for Blaydon at Birmingham Moseley on 24 September 2016
Scott Sneddon for Rosslyn Park away to Loughborough Students on 8 October 2016
Ryan Foreman for Blaydon at home to Hull Ionians on 12 November 2016
Callum Irvine for Hull Ionians at home to Cambridge on 1 April 2017
See also
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
External links
NCA Rugby
National
National League 1 seasons
The Church of the Holy Cross () is a Roman Catholic church in the Spanish city of Cádiz. It was the cathedral of the Diocese of Cádiz y Ceuta between 1602 and 1838, when the new Cádiz Cathedral was completed.
Originally built in 1262 after the conquest of the city by Alfonso X, it was completely rebuilt by 1602 after the first building was burned down by a combined Anglo-Dutch fleet commanded by Admiral Edward Howard, who sacked Cádiz in 1596.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Cádiz
Bien de Interés Cultural landmarks in the Province of Cádiz
Churches in the Province of Cádiz
Angela McGregor is a former New Zealand rugby sevens player. She represented New Zealand at the 2009 Rugby World Cup Sevens in Dubai.
McGregor was named in the Black Ferns sevens Development Squad for the 2001 International Women's Sevens Tournament at Upper Hutt.
In 2008, she was selected in a squad of 29 players for a three-day trial camp. It was to select the final squad for a qualifying tournament in Samoa.
References
Living people
New Zealand female rugby union players
New Zealand female rugby sevens players
New Zealand women's international rugby sevens players
Year of birth missing (living people)
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C10H8O3}}
The molecular formula C10H8O3 (molar mass: 176.16 g/mol, exact mass: 176.0473 u) may refer to:
Herniarin, a methoxy analog of umbelliferone
Hymecromone
St Andrews is a parish on Mainland, Orkney in Scotland. It is located east of the town of Kirkwall and the parish of St Ola and lies north of Holm and west of Deerness. The settlements of Tankerness, Toab and Foubister are in the parish, as is Kirkwall Airport.
Saint Andrews is on the east side of Mainland, and extends from the eastern boundary of Kirkwall parish to the sea, and includes the island of Kirkholm.
The land is mostly flat, but has diversities of surface, and rises nowhere higher than 350 ft. The coast includes both sandy beach and precipitous rock, and has a large sea cavern.
References
Parishes of Orkney
Mainland, Orkney
Sidney dos Santos may refer to:
Sidney Cristiano dos Santos (born 1981), Brazilian footballer
Sidny Feitosa dos Santos (born 1981), Brazilian footballer
The Union for the Nation (, UN) is a Congolese electoral bloc formed by over 50 opposition supporters of Jean-Pierre Bemba, who was the major candidate in the 2006 presidential election and succeeding run-off against Joseph Kabila and is now a member of the Senate.
It was originally constituted as the Group of Congolese Nationalists (, RENACO) for Bemba's presidential candidacy. After Bemba lost the election, RENACO was re-constituted as the Union for the Nation with a more specific focus on nationalism and populism. It is a minority bloc in both the Senate (with 21 out of 108 seats) and National Assembly (with 116 out of 500 seats), only holds 1 governorship (in Équateur, Bemba's home province) and competes with the Alliance of the Presidential Majority, which is a majority bloc that supports Kabila.
Member parties
Movement for the Liberation of the Congo
Union for the Congo's Reconstruction, led by Dr. Oscar Kashala
Congolese nationalism (Democratic Republic of the Congo)
Political party alliances in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Marie "Maz" Slater (born in Middleton, Greater Manchester in 1971) is a British reality TV star infamous for her role as the 'Miss Nasty' resort manager in Faliraki in ITV show Club Reps.
Club Reps
Simply known as "Maz" to viewers, she first rose to promise in January 2002 when the first episode of the show was aired, becoming a huge tabloid star overnight. She was instantly described as the "middle manager from hell" by the UK press.
However following the end of the first series, Slater was left devastated at the way producers had "falsely edited" the show to make her appear moody and nasty, saying "The producers didn't use any nice bits at all."
However bookings for Club 18-30 holidays soared after each episode aired and this was referred to as "the Maz effect".
She quit the show after the first series and despite picking out 25 new recruits to return to Greece in the summer of 2002 she returned to the UK.
Later career
Slater then continued work with Thomas Cook and had a short stint as presenter on their television show on Sky. Slater said her TV image proved hard for the public to forget and the negative effects were long lasting with one girl trying to attack her and the only way to get back to 'Marie' was "to leave the industry behind."
However in an interview in 2007, Slater revealed she had plans to return to life as a TV presenter and had received numerous offers which she was still considering. She stated that despite the distress Club Reps had caused her (she had counselling upon returning to England) that she was grateful for the fact it had opened many doors and hopes to follow in the footsteps of Jeremy Spake and Jane McDonald.
In a 2006 interview, Slater claimed "reality TV ruined my life" and also said "It's such a weight off my shoulders to finally leave Maz behind and I'd really like people to finally realise I'm nothing at all like the character reality TV made of me."
Slater now owns a restaurant-bar called H. Nicholsons in Altrincham which opened in February 2006 and has continued work as a presenter, most notably on Sky Travel. The restaurant is themed around the resort of Faliraki with the entertainment centred on Club Reps.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
People from Middleton, Greater Manchester
Klim may refer to:
Klim (surname), a list of people and fictional characters
Klim (given name), a list of people and fictional characters
Klim (TV series), a Russian TV show
Klim (powdered milk), a powdered milk product
Klim (clothing), a clothing company
Klim, Denmark, a village
Klim Type Foundry
KCRN (AM), a radio station licensed to Limon, Colorado, United States, which held the call sign KLIM from 1984 to 2018
See also
Niels Klim's Underground Travels, a satirical science-fiction/fantasy novel written by the Norwegian–Danish author Ludvig Holberg.
The Chiba International Cross Country is an annual cross-country running competition which takes place in Chiba, Japan in mid-February. It is one of the IAAF permit meetings which serve as qualifying events for the IAAF World Cross Country Championships.
Initiated in 1966, the Chiba Cross Country is held in Showa-No-Mori Park and features a competition schedule of eight races. These include a senior men's long course (12 km), a senior women's course (6 km), and a senior men's short course (4 km). Furthermore, there are three races for junior athletes which are of shorter distances, as well as two 3 km races for high school runners.
Four of the races act as qualifiers for the World Cross Country Championship: the men's 12 km and the women's 6 km allow athletes to enter the senior world competition while the junior men's 8 km and junior women's 5 km enable runners to qualify for the junior section of the championships. The competition is one of three in which Japanese athletes can qualify for the World Championships; the others being the annual Fukuoka International Cross Country and the biennial Asian Cross Country Championships.
Over a thousand runners compete at the meeting each year, although the attendance record set in 1991 featured nearly twice as many participants. A select number of international athletes are invited to compete each year, although the majority of the field typically comprise a mix of Japanese runners and Japan-based Kenyan athletes. Previous winners include Olympic gold medallists Samuel Wanjiru and Derartu Tulu, eight-time European cross-country champion Serhiy Lebid, and Tegla Loroupe – twice winner of the New York City Marathon.
The competition is televised on the NHK BS-1 channel by the Japan Broadcasting Corporation, the country's public broadcaster. After the International Chiba Ekiden, the Chiba International Cross Country is the prefecture's premier athletics event.
The Chiba International Cross Country has also hosted the Asian Cross Country Championship race on two occasions (1995, 1997).
Past senior race winners
Note: Race data unavailable prior to 1987.
Key: (All other men's races 12 km and women's races 6 km)
References
General
Chiba International Crosscountry. Association of Road Racing Statisticians (2009-02-15). Retrieved on 2010-02-12.
Specific
External links
Japanese Athletics Association website
Showa-no-mori park website
Cross-country running competitions
Athletics competitions in Japan
Recurring sporting events established in 1966
Sport in Chiba (city)
Cross-country running in Japan
Winter events in Japan
Emte or EMTE was a Spanish industrial company (EMTA SA). It can also refer to:
EMTÉ, a supermarket chain in the Netherlands
EMTE (Eastern Machinery Trading Establishment), a Jordanian emergency vehicle and Refuse Collection Vehicle company
Marks of the Church may refer to:
Marks of the Church (Protestantism)
Four Marks of the Church
Accidentally on Purpose may refer to:
Accidentally on Purpose (TV series), an American sitcom starring Jenna Elfman
Accidentally on Purpose (Ian Gillan and Roger Glover album), 1988
Accidentally on Purpose (The Shires album), 2018
Accidentally on Purpose (song), a song by George Jones
Accidentally on Purpose, a 2005 short film featuring Joey Diaz
Accidentally on Purpose, a 1960 autobiography by Michael York
Accidentally on Purpose: Reflections on Life, Acting and the Nine Natural Laws of Creativity, a book by John Strasberg
"Accidentally on Purpose", a poem by Robert Frost published in his 1962 compilation In the Clearing
Aproctidae is a family of nematodes belonging to superfamily Filarioidea in order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Aprocta Linstow, 1883
Hovorkonema Jurasek, 1977
Lissonema Linstow, 1903
Mawsonfilaria Anderson & Chabaud, 1958
Pseudaprocta Schikhobalova, 1930
Squamofilaria Schmerling, 1925
Tetracheilonema Diesing, 1861
References
Nematodes
Casey Narelle Dumont (born 25 January 1992) is an Australian international soccer player who plays for Australian W-League team Melbourne Victory.
Early life and biography
Dumont was born in 1992 in Sydney and was brought up on the Gold Coast. In 2013, Dumont qualified as a registered nurse.
Club career
Early career
Dumont started her career with Palm Beach and Gold Coast before joining the W-League with Brisbane Roar, with whom she won three trophies and Sydney FC before joining Western Sydney Wanderers in 2016.
Melbourne Victory
On 18 September 2017, Dumont joined Melbourne Victory. Dumont missed the 2020–21 W-League season due to injury, but re-signed with Melbourne Victory ahead of the 2021–22 A-League Women season. In May 2022, Dumont was named the A-League Women Goalkeeper of the Year for the first time as Melbourne Victory won the 2021–22 A-League Women.
Honours
Club
Brisbane Roar
W-League Premiership: 2008–09
W-League Championship: 2008–09, 2010–11
Melbourne Victory
W-League Premiership/A-League Women: 2018–19, 2021–22
International
Australia
AFC Women's Asian Cup: 2010
AFC Olympic Qualifying Tournament: 2016
Individual
A-League Women Goalkeeper Of The Year: 2021–22
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Australian women's soccer players
Brisbane Roar FC (A-League Women) players
Sydney FC (A-League Women) players
Western Sydney Wanderers FC (A-League Women) players
Melbourne Victory FC (A-League Women) players
A-League Women players
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Soccer players from Sydney
Australia women's international soccer players
Women's association football goalkeepers
Tang Dingyuan (; 12 May 1920 – 3 June 2019), also known as Ting-Yuan Tang, was a Chinese physicist and writer. He was considered a founder of semiconductor and infrared research in China. He served as Director of the Shanghai Institute of Technical Physics and was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1991.
Early life
Tang was born on 12 May 1920 in Jintan, Jiangsu, Republic of China. After finishing middle school in Jintan, he entered Wuxi Normal College in 1935. Two years later, however, the Second Sino-Japanese War broke out and the Japanese army occupied Jiangsu. Tang and his classmates fled Wuxi and begged their way to Wuhan in central China, where they lived in a refugee camp. In 1938, the Kuomintang government arranged for the student refugees to enroll at National Sichuan High School in Chongqing, China's wartime capital. He subsequently entered National Central University, then also exiled in Chongqing, and graduated from the Department of Physics in 1942.
Career in the United States
In 1946, after the end of World War II, Tang took the government scholarship examination for studying in the United States, but failed due to his poor English skills. In 1948, he managed to take a loan from National Central University and went to the US on his own expense.
After briefly attending the University of Minnesota, he transferred to the University of Chicago, where he earned his master's degree in physics in 1950 under the supervision of Andrew W. Lawson. At Chicago, he discovered a new phase transition of the metal cerium under high pressure and determined that it occurred from the sudden contraction of the atomic radius. With Lawson, he also invented the split diamond bomb, a device for taking x-rays under high pressure, which became widely used in high-pressure physics.
Career in China
After the outbreak of the Korean War, Tang gave up his doctoral studies and returned to China in 1951, where he joined the Institute of Applied Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. He and Wang Shouwu, also a recent returnee from the US, together built a semiconductor research group at the institute. After being briefly disrupted by the Three-anti and Five-anti Campaigns in 1952, they planned to conduct research on the semiconductors germanium and silicon. Due to the Western world's embargo against China since the Korean War, however, they were unable to acquire sufficient high-purity material, and decided to work on galena (PbS) and copper(I) oxide (Cu2O) instead. Tang stumbled upon the property of PbS as an infrared detector, and realized the importance of this property from the visiting Soviet scientist Ivan Bardin. Tang's group was the first to conduct infrared research in China.
In 1958, Tang led an infrared detector group with scientists from nine research institutions. In 1964, he became Director of the Shanghai Institute of Technical Physics and turned it into one of China's top infrared research centers. He developed about ten infrared or semiconductor devices including the silicon solar cell and the mercury cadmium telluride detector, which were used in satellites, missiles, and civilian instruments. His research led to the development of infrared detectors for the PL-2 air-to-air missiles and is considered a major contribution to the Two Bombs, One Satellite project. As his work was highly classified, Tang disappeared from public view for many years.
Tang was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1991. He was awarded the Ho Leung Ho Lee Prize for Science and Technology Progress, and donated the entire prize money of HK$200,000 to his alma mater, Hua Luogeng High School in Jintan.
Tang published ten popular science books. In his old age, he frequently gave lectures to schoolchildren, and served as a scientific advisor to a children's science newspaper in Shanghai.
Health and death
When he was 85, Tang underwent a gallbladder surgery. He died on 3 June 2019 at Huadong Hospital in Shanghai, at the age of 99.
References
External links
Tang Dingyuan at the National Museum for Modern Chinese Scientists
1920 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Chinese physicists
21st-century Chinese physicists
Chinese expatriates in the United States
20th-century Chinese inventors
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
National Central University alumni
People from Jintan District
People's Republic of China science writers
Physicists from Jiangsu
Scientists from Changzhou
Second Sino-Japanese War refugees
Semiconductor physicists
University of Chicago alumni
Writers from Changzhou
Foleyet is an unincorporated community in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, midway between Chapleau and Timmins on Highway 101. The town was created during the construction of the Canadian Northern Railway (CNR) through the area in the early years of the 20th century.
Folyet is also the name for the geographic township that contains the community.
A designated place administered by a local services board, Foleyet had a population of 193 in the Canada 2011 Census.
History
In the early 1900s, Canadian Northern Railway decided to build a railroad through the area Foleyet now occupies. The Foley Brothers and Northern Construction were the two contractors who were hired to do the job. Construction began in 1911 and was completed in 1915. The goal of the construction was to unite the western lines from Current Junction, now part of Thunder Bay, to the eastern section, between Toronto and Ruel, which was accomplished in 1912. While this work was going on, a line was also being put in from Ottawa to Capreol. On June 15, 1915, the first work train arrived from Capreol. The engineer was Jim Scott. The train carried men to build bridges over Ivanhoe River, Muskego River, and Groundhog River.
The railway station at Foleyet was originally called Foley. Local legend has it that the early residents applied for a post office named to honour their former employer the Foley Brothers, but were frustrated in their wishes because the name Foley Post Office already existed near Parry Sound. The story is told that someone declared that "We want to name the town for the Foley Brothers, and we'll name it Foley yet!" and the unintended name stuck.
Located about midway between Capreol and Hornepayne, Foleyet was established as a divisional point, for changing train crews and servicing rolling stock, and there was with a large railway roundhouse as well.
The town started with 15 houses. The Canadian Northern Railway built a large sawmill, west of the station, equipped with a pulp barker, planing mill, and a powerhouse. This mill, although owned by the railway, operated under the name Eastern Lands Division. Lumber was sold wholesale to railway employees, for home construction. A lumberyard was also established at Capreol. The Eastern Lands Co. built their main office here. They cut white pine, red pine, spruce pulp logs, and jack pine axe ties.
The smallest Canadian Northern steam locomotive was at Foleyet. It was an Alco 0-4-0 Saddle Tank, on the Canadian National Roster as CNR # 3. It was used at the sawmill and sold to Acme Timber in 1925. Art Boyer was the engineer.
From Canadian Northern to Canadian National Eastern Lands Division continued their operations there until April 1925, at which time the mill was sold to Acme Timber Co. of Sudbury. Acme was a major supplier of timber to Inco. This firm was started around 1923 by D. H. Haight, who had been supplying mining timber and fuel wood to the International Nickel Co. since the early 1900s. Haight, a native of New Jersey, was a cousin of Inco's first president Ambrose Monell. The general manager of Acme Timber Co. was Haight's brother-in-law, Ben Foote Merwin. In 1932, Merwin organized Pineland Timber Co. which took over Acme in 1934.
In 1917, a dam was built, creating a new river by joining Midway Creek and Muskego Rivers. The dam broke a year later, flooding Foleyet and lowering the lake levels significantly once again. The town has had many such disasters, in the form of fires and floods, and much of its landscape differs completely now from its origins. Often when new progress was made or added, it was simply destroyed years later.
The land occupied by Foleyet was originally an island, before an esker was destroyed and the lake receded dramatically. Ivanhoe Lake (then known as Pishkanogami, the Anishinaabe name for it) was how the area was first explored, before Foleyet became a town. The Hudson's Bay Company had two outposts nearby, one on Lake Pishkanogami, and one on Kukatush (Groundhog) Lake. Both were closed in the 1880s due to a decline in the fur trade. It was only in 1960 that Lake Pishkanogami became Ivanhoe Lake or lac Ivanhoe in French.
The town, at present, is known as the home of the white moose. In 1998, one such moose was hit by a train, and after a day of suffering was killed by a CN worker. The head of the moose is mounted in the Northern Lights Restaurant.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Foleyet had a population of 165 living in 87 of its 99 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 177. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Transportation
The community is served by Ontario Highway 101. It is also the location of Foleyet railway station, on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, served by Via Rail Canadian trains.
Education
Foleyet had two schools to support its small community, roughly half francophone. Foleyet Public School closed down around 2014 and École Notre Dame, the latter a French separate school remains open to this day. Neither school has had more than 10 students at any one time since the early 2000s.
Train quarantine
On May 9, 2008, a woman died of natural causes on a train operated by Via Rail. Ten of the 264 passengers were showing flu-like symptoms; however, these turned out to be unrelated to the earlier death. As the train was held in quarantine for ten hours, the item made the national Canadian and other international news media.
See also
List of townships in Ontario
References
Other map sources:
External links
The Towns and Cities of Northern Ontario: Foleyet - James Bay Frontier
Communities in Sudbury District
Designated places in Ontario
Local services boards in Ontario
Western Europe is the western region of Europe. The region's countries and territories vary depending on context.
The concept of "the West" appeared in Europe in juxtaposition to "the East" and originally applied to the ancient Mediterranean world, the Roman Empire (Western Roman Empire and Eastern Roman Empire), and medieval "Christendom" (Western Christianity and Eastern Christianity). Beginning with the Renaissance and the Age of Discovery, roughly from the 15th century, the concept of Europe as "the West" slowly became distinguished from and eventually replaced the dominant use of "Christendom" as the preferred endonym within the region. By the Age of Enlightenment and the Industrial Revolution, the concepts of "Eastern Europe" and "Western Europe" were more regularly used.
Historical divisions
Classical antiquity and medieval origins
Prior to the Roman conquest, a large part of Western Europe had adopted the newly developed La Tène culture. As the Roman domain expanded, a cultural and linguistic division appeared between the mainly Greek-speaking eastern provinces, which had formed the highly urbanized Hellenistic civilization, and the western territories, which in contrast largely adopted the Latin language. This cultural and linguistic division was eventually reinforced by the later political east–west division of the Roman Empire. The Western Roman Empire and the Eastern Roman Empire controlled the two divergent regions between the 3rd and the 5th centuries.
The division between these two was enhanced during Late antiquity and the Middle Ages by a number of events. The Western Roman Empire collapsed, starting the Early Middle Ages. By contrast, the Eastern Roman Empire, mostly known as the Greek or Byzantine Empire, survived and even thrived for another 1000 years. The rise of the Carolingian Empire in the west, and in particular the Great Schism between Eastern Orthodoxy and Roman Catholicism, enhanced the cultural and religious distinctiveness between Eastern and Western Europe.
After the conquest of the Byzantine Empire, center of the Eastern Orthodox Church, by the Muslim Ottoman Empire in the 15th century, and the gradual fragmentation of the Holy Roman Empire (which had replaced the Carolingian Empire), the division between Roman Catholic and Protestant became more important in Europe than that with Eastern Orthodoxy.
In East Asia, Western Europe was historically known as in China and in Japan, which literally translates as the "Far West". The term Far West became synonymous with Western Europe in China during the Ming dynasty. The Italian Jesuit priest Matteo Ricci was one of the first writers in China to use the Far West as an Asian counterpart to the European concept of the Far East. In Ricci's writings, Ricci referred to himself as "Matteo of the Far West". The term was still in use in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Religion
Christianity is the largest religion in Western Europe. According to a 2018 study by the Pew Research Center, 71.0% of Western Europeans identified as Christians.
In 1054, the East–West Schism divided Christianity into Western Christianity and Eastern Christianity. This split Europe in two, with Western Europe primarily under the Catholic Church, and Eastern Europe under the Eastern Orthodox Church. Ever since the Reformation in the 16th century, the primary Christian denominations in Western Europe have been Catholicism and Protestantism.
Under this definition of Eastern and Western Europe, Eastern Europe contains Southeastern European countries as well, while Western Europe includes Northern and Central European countries.
Cold War
During the four decades of the Cold War, the definition of East and West was rather simplified by the existence of the Eastern Bloc. Historians and social scientists generally view the Cold War definition of Western and Eastern Europe as outdated or relegating.
During the final stages of World War II, the future of Europe was decided between the Allies in the 1945 Yalta Conference, between the British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill, the U.S. President, Franklin D. Roosevelt, and the Premier of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin.
Post-war Europe would be divided into two major spheres: the Western Bloc, influenced by the United States, and the Eastern Bloc, influenced by the Soviet Union. With the onset of the Cold War, Europe was divided by the Iron Curtain. This term had been used during World War II by German Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels and, later, Count Lutz Schwerin von Krosigk in the last days of the war; however, its use was hugely popularized by Winston Churchill, who used it in his famous "Sinews of Peace" address on 5 March 1946 at Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri:
Although some countries were officially neutral, they were classified according to the nature of their political and economic systems. This division largely defines the popular perception and understanding of Western Europe and its borders with Eastern Europe.
The world changed dramatically with the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989. West Germany peacefully absorbed East Germany, in the German reunification. Comecon and the Warsaw Pact were dissolved, and in 1991, the Soviet Union ceased to exist. Several countries which had been part of the Soviet Union regained full independence.
Western European Union
In 1948 the Treaty of Brussels was signed between Belgium, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. It was further revisited in 1954 at the Paris Conference, when the Western European Union was established. It was declared defunct in 2011 after the Treaty of Lisbon, and the Treaty of Brussels was terminated. When the Western European Union was dissolved, it had 10 member countries, six associate member countries, five observer countries and seven associate partner countries.
Modern divisions
UN geoscheme classification
The United Nations geoscheme is a system devised by the United Nations Statistics Division (UNSD) which divides the countries of the world into regional and subregional groups, based on the M49 coding classification. The partition is for statistical convenience and does not imply any assumption regarding political or other affiliation of countries or territories.
In the UN geoscheme, the following countries are classified as Western Europe:
Austria
Belgium
France
Germany
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Monaco
Netherlands
Switzerland
CIA classification
The CIA classifies seven countries as belonging to "Western Europe":
Belgium
France
Ireland
Luxembourg
Monaco
Netherlands
United Kingdom
The CIA also classifies three countries as belonging to "Southwestern Europe":
Andorra
Portugal
Spain
EuroVoc classification
EuroVoc is a multilingual thesaurus maintained by the Publications Office of the European Union. In this thesaurus, the countries of Europe are grouped into sub-regions. The following countries are included in the sub-group Western Europe:
Andorra
Austria
Belgium
France
Germany
Ireland
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Monaco
Netherlands
Switzerland
UN regional groups: Western European and Others Group
The Western European and Others Group is one of several unofficial Regional Groups in the United Nations that act as voting blocs and negotiation forums. Regional voting blocs were formed in 1961 to encourage voting to various UN bodies from different regional groups. The European members of the group are:
Andorra
Austria
Belgium
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Malta
Monaco
Netherlands
Norway
Portugal
San Marino
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom
In addition, Australia, Canada, Israel and New Zealand are members of the group, with the United States as observer.
Population
Using the CIA classification strictly would give the following calculation of Western Europe's population. All figures based on the projections for 2018 by the Population Division of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs.
Using the CIA classification a little more liberally and including "South-Western Europe", would give the following calculation of Western Europe's population.
Climate
The climate of Western Europe varies from subtropical and semi-arid in the coasts of Italy, Portugal and Spain to alpine in the Pyrenees and the Alps. The Mediterranean climate of the south is dry and warm. The western and northwestern parts have a mild, generally humid climate, influenced by the North Atlantic Current. Western Europe is a heatwave hotspot, exhibiting upward trends that are three-to-four times faster compared to the rest of the northern midlatitudes.
Languages
Western European languages mostly fall within two Indo-European language families: the Romance languages, descended from the Latin of the Roman Empire; and the Germanic languages, whose ancestor language (Proto-Germanic) came from southern Scandinavia.
Romance languages are spoken primarily in the southern and central part of Western Europe, Germanic languages in the northern part (the British Isles and the Low Countries), as well as a large part of Northern and Central Europe.
Other Western European languages include the Celtic group (that is, Irish, Scottish Gaelic, Manx, Welsh, Cornish and Breton) and Basque, the only currently living European language isolate.
Multilingualism and the protection of regional and minority languages are recognized political goals in Western Europe today. The Council of Europe Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities and the Council of Europe's European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages set up a legal framework for language rights in Europe.
Economy
Western Europe is one of the richest regions of the world. Germany has the highest gross domestic product in Europe and the largest financial surplus of any country, Luxembourg has the world's highest GDP per capita, and Germany has the highest net national wealth of any European state.
Switzerland and Luxembourg have the highest average wage in the world, in nominal and PPP, respectively. Norway ranks highest in the world on the Social Progress Index.
See also
Central Europe
Eastern Europe
Northern Europe
Southern Europe
Far West
Marshall Plan
Eurovoc#Western Europe
Western world
References
Citations
Sources
The Making of Europe, , by Robert Bartlett
Crescent and Cross, , by Hugh Bicheno
The Normans, , by Trevor Rowley
1066: The Year of the Three Battles, , by Frank McLynn
External links
The European sub-regions according to the UN
Teaching about Western Europe
Regions of Europe
Articles containing video clips
Gävleborg County or Region Gävleborg held a regional council election on 9 September 2018, on the same day as the general and municipal elections.
Results
The number of seats remained at 75 with the Social Democrats winning the most at 24, a drop of two from 2014.
Municipalities
Images
References
Elections in Gävleborg County
Gävleborg
Koda Kumi Live Tour 2018 ~DNA~ (stylized as KODA KUMI LIVE TOUR 2018 ~DNA~) is a live concert DVD by Japanese singer-songwriter Koda Kumi, and coincides with her studio album DNA. The DVD was released on March 20, 2019. It peaked at No. 2 on the Oricon live charts and remained on the charts for seven weeks.
The concert was released for purchase on Blu-ray and DVD, a limited 2CD audio edition, and a limited 4DVD edition.
Information
Live Tour 2018 ~DNA~ is the eighteenth live DVD/Blu-ray released by Japanese recording artist Koda Kumi. The tour coincided with her fifteenth studio album, DNA. The tour began on September 14, 2018, at the Fukuoka Sunpalace and ended with a performance at Kagawa Prefecture Rexxam Hall on December 29, 2018. The DVD charted at No. 2 on the Oricon DVD Charts, and stayed on the charts for seven weeks; while the Blu-ray took the No. 37 spot on the Oricon Blu-ray Charts, and remained on the charts for two weeks.
The live was released on DVD, a higher quality Blu-ray edition, and limited fanclub exclusive 2CD and 4DVD editions. The limited fan club 4DVD edition not only featured bonus content from the DNA tour, but also featured her Fanclub Tour 2018 ~AND~ (which coincided with her studio album AND) performance that was held at Zepp DiverCity in Tokyo on June 9, 2018.
The performance utilized on the DVD and Blu-ray was of the concert performed at the Kanagawa Prefectural Hall on Kumi's 36th birthday on November 13, 2018.
Prior to the tour DVD/Blu-ray release, the concert was screened with the title Theatrical Koda Kumi Live Tour 2018 ~DNA~ between March 8 - 10 at AEON Cinemas throughout the country.
Track listing
4DVD
DVD1: Live Tour 2018 ~DNA~ at Kanagawa Kenmin Hall~
<OPENING>
"Dangerous"
"Pin Drop"
"Is This Trap?" / "Ecstasy" / "Taboo"
"Haircut"
"HOT HOT"<INTERLUDE><DANCERS IN ACTION>
"Aenaku Naru Kurai Nara"
"Ai no Uta"
"Koi no Tsubomi" / "I'll be there" / "Someday"
"Chances All"
"Never Enough"
"Outta My Head"<DANCERS INTRODUCTION>
"Watch Out!! ~DNA~"
"ScREaM"
"Hush"
"Guess Who Is Back"
"Ultraviolet"
"Party"
"LIT"<Encore>
"Lady Go!":
"Megumi no Hito"
"Work That"
"Wind"
"Walk"
DVD2: Fanclub Tour ~AND~ at Zepp DiverCity
"It's My Life"
"Universe"
"Sweetest Taboo"
"Selfish"<MC>
"Who"
"Brain"
"Got Me Going'"<MC>
"Sometimes Dreams Come True"<MC>
"Just The Way You Are" / "flower"
"All Right"<MC><DANCERS & BAND INTRODUCTION>
"Freaky"
"Hot Stuff feat. KM-MARKIT"
"Megumi no Hito"
"Party"
"LIT"
DVD3: Live Tour 2018 ~DNA~ [Making Film]
"Behind The Scenes Video"
"Kumi's Everyday Clothes"
"A Birthday Surprise"
DVD4: Live Tour 2018 ~DNA~ [Bonus Footage]
<Century Hall Nagoya Congress Center (2018.12.23)
"Winter Bell"
"Koi no Tsubomi"
"I'll be there"
"Someday"
"Chances All"
<Century Hall Nagoya Congress Center (2018.12.24)>
"Winter Bell"
"Koi no Tsubomi"
"Someday"
"Chances All"
"Never Enough"
<Grand Cube Osaka (2018.12.31)>
"Cutie Honey"
"D.D.D."
"LOADED feat. Sean Paul"
"walk"
"Universe"
"Pop Diva"
2CD
Charts (Japan)
References
External links
Koda Kumi Official
2018 video albums
Koda Kumi video albums
Live video albums
The Seward Hotel, also known as the Governor Hotel (east wing), is a historic hotel building in downtown Portland, Oregon, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Built in 1909, it is one of two NRHP-listed buildings that make up the Sentinel Hotel, the other being the 1923-built Elks Temple. The Seward was renamed the Governor Hotel in 1931, closed in the mid-1980s, and reopened in 1992 joined with the former Elks building, and thereafter formed the east wing of a two-building hotel.
History
The Seward Hotel was completed in 1909. Its glazed terracotta exterior motif features a blending of art nouveau and Native American designs. Its interior architecture is in the arts and crafts style, popular during the period in which it was built. The hotel's architect, William C. Knighton, went on to become the first Oregon State Architect in 1912, and later designed the Oregon State Supreme Court Building.
The hotel's original owner was G. Rosenblatt, but it was named for its proprietor, Walter M. Seward. It included a restaurant in the basement, the Seward Grill, which Mr. Seward also operated until selling it in 1921. The hotel was sold in 1930, and was renamed The Governor Hotel upon reopening in 1931.
Atiyeh Brothers, a rug and carpet retailer, occupied a large space in the ground floor of the Governor Hotel for 38 years, from 1935 to 1973. Alterations made in 1934–1935 when Atiyeh Brothers moved in included moving the lobby to nearer the center of the building. A stained-glass dome hung from the ceiling in the ground-floor corner area that was occupied after 1934 by the office of George and Aziz Atiyeh. When the business moved out in 1973, the approximately decorative fixture was dismantled and placed into storage by the Atiyehs. It was reacquired by the hotel in 1992 and restored for reinstallation.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, as the Seward Hotel, the name it carried between 1909 and 1931.
By the mid-1980s, the Governor Hotel had fallen into disrepair and closed, but new owners were planning renovations. Work was under way in 1987, but later stalled because of financing problems.
Renovation work eventually resumed, and was completed in spring 1992. The project included connecting the former Seward Hotel building with the neighboring Princeton Building, which had originally been constructed in 1923 as the Elks Temple and in 1978 had received its own listing on the National Register of Historic Places. In 1994, McCormick & Schmick's opened Jake's Grill in space next to the hotel entrance and lobby, on 10th Avenue.
In 2004, during another round of renovations, a new lobby was created inside the Princeton Building, and its entrance (on SW 11th Avenue) became the main entrance to the Governor Hotel. Jake's Grill then expanded into the former hotel lobby area, on SW 10th Avenue.
The Governor Hotel was sold to Provenance Hotels in 2012 and renovated, and in 2014 it was renamed the Sentinel Hotel.
See also
Architecture in Portland, Oregon
Governor Hotel (Portland, Oregon) (disambiguation)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Southwest Portland, Oregon
References
External links
Governor Hotel (Emporis) (page refers only to the Governor's east wing, the former Seward Hotel)
1909 establishments in Oregon
Art Nouveau architecture in Oregon
Art Nouveau hotels
Hotel buildings completed in 1909
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Portland, Oregon
Southwest Portland, Oregon
Portland Historic Landmarks
Donald Brett Johnstone (born 17 September 1963 in Feilding) is a New Zealand slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. He finished 25th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
External links
1953 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
New Zealand male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of New Zealand
People from Feilding
The mobile phone network operator industry in Pakistan is a growing industry. According to figures from the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA), there were 152 million mobile 'phone subscribers' in Pakistan in March 2019.
Growth of mobile cellular phones services industry
PTA figures for 2007, for comparison, reported 48.5 million subscribers, rising to 102 million (over 60% of the population) by December 2010.
In 2007, the largest cellular mobile telephone service providing company in Pakistan was Mobilink, and other companies included Wateen (a member of Dhabi Group).
In 2010, there were five mobile cellular phone service operator companies in Pakistan.
See also
Paktel
Zong Pakistan
Mobile phone manufacturing industry in Pakistan
References
External links
Mobile phone companies of Pakistan
Pakistan
Industries of Pakistan
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Gryazin (; born 23 August 1974) is a Russian retired professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1992 for PFC CSKA-d Moscow.
References
1974 births
People from Lyubertsy
Living people
Russian footballers
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
Russian Premier League players
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
FC Moscow players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Salyut Belgorod players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Israel
FC Metallurg Lipetsk players
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak-MZhK Ryazan players
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
James "Maxie" McCann (born 4 March 1934) is a former soccer player from Dublin, Ireland.
McCann joined Shamrock Rovers in 1954 and made his debut on 10 April in a 2–0 win against Bohemians at Dalymount Park having signed the previous week. He scored a hat-trick in his second senior game.
He played for Shamrock Rovers as a winger. He played in European competition for the Milltown club, scoring in a 3–2 defeat for Rovers against Manchester United in a 1957 European Cup preliminary round tie at Old Trafford.
This goal was the first ever scored in European competition by a player representing an Irish club. In total he made two appearances for Rovers in Europe and scored 46 Leagues and 7 FAI Cup goals during his time at Glenmalure Park. He also represented the League of Ireland XI four times scoring three goals.
He won his one and only senior cap for the Republic of Ireland national football team on 25 November 1956, scoring the third goal in a 3–0 win over world champions Germany at Dalymount Park. He won two Republics of Ireland B national football team caps in 1958 scoring the winner in Iceland on his debut.
He shared his benefit with Tommy Hamilton against Sunderland at Dalymount Park on 30 April 1962.
His son Ray played for Bohemian F.C. in the 1980s. Of his other sons, Shay had a long career playing in the Athletic Union League, David (Maxie) played his schoolboy football at Belvo, part of the first Belvo team to win an A league in the D.D.S.L, then went on to Leinster Senior and League of Ireland and youngest son Paul played for Sheriff Y.C. His grandson Alan McCann played for St Patrick's Athletic F.C. before moving into coaching where he is now at Reading United AC in the US.
In February 2008 McCann, and Liam Hennessy were invited to the Munich commemoration at Manchester United.
Sources
The Hoops by Paul Doolan and Robert Goggins ()
Shamrock Rovers programme 29 August 2008
Footnotes
Association footballers from County Dublin
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Republic of Ireland international footballers
Republic of Ireland B international footballers
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
Dundalk F.C. players
League of Ireland players
Living people
1934 births
League of Ireland XI players
Drumcondra F.C. players
Transport F.C. players
Association football wingers
Moustafa Matola (born 27 November 1948) is a Malawian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1948 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Malawian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Malawi
Place of birth missing (living people)
Steven Andrew Marsh (born 27 January 1961), is a former English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper, and played for Kent County Cricket Club for his entire career, between 1982 and 1999. He was appointed club captain in 1997 and continued in that role until the end of the 1998 season. He was capped by Kent in 1986.
External links
1961 births
English cricketers
Living people
Kent cricketers
Kent cricket captains
People from Westminster
Wicket-keepers
Five in a Row may refer to:
"Five in a Row" (1982 song)
"Five in a Row" (1989 song), by The D-Generation
Five in a Row (game) or Gomoku, a board game
See also
"Five More in a Row", a 1990 single by The D-Generation
Odabaşı, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Herbert Lang (1879–1957) was a German zoologist.
Herbert Lang may also refer to:
Herbert H. Lang (1921–2006), historian of the American West
Herbert "Flight Time" Lang (born 1976), former basketball player for the Harlem Globetrotters
See also
Herbert Lange, (1909–1945), German Nazi commander
UrbanGlass, located on Fulton Street in the historic 1918 Strand Theatre in the Downtown Brooklyn Cultural District is the New York metropolitan area's leading glass-blowing facility.
UrbanGlass was founded in 1977 by three artists and was originally known as the New York Experimental Glass Workshop. It is now the primary studio for more than 200 artists and hosts more than 500 art students for regular classes. UrbanGlass shares the Strand Theatre with BRIC Arts Media, which also reopened in October 2013. New to UrbanGlass upon its reopening in Fort Greene is the Agnes Varis Art Center, which is home to changing exhibits featuring the work of artists who work at UrbanGlass and others.
References
External links
Glassmaking schools
Glass museums and galleries
Companies based in Brooklyn
American companies established in 1977
Fama is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 222 square kilometers and includes the town and five villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,960. The town of Fama, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 24 km north of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Praktica IV is a 35mm SLR with M42 thread mount that was launched by Kamera-Werkstätten (KW) in 1959. The Praktica IV was based on the Praktina FX, and was actually the first Praktica to have a fixed pentaprism. It was the last model marketed by KW, before the company was bought by Pentacon.
SLR cameras
Products introduced in 1959
Praktica cameras
Chrysophyllum argenteum is a tree in the family Sapotaceae, native to the tropical Americas.
Description
Chrysophyllum argenteum grows up to tall, with a trunk diameter of up to . Larger trees may feature buttresses. Its grey bark is fissured. The elliptic or oblong leaves measure up to long. Fascicles feature up to 10 cream to green flowers. The ellipsoid fruits ripen purple to black and measure up to long.
Distribution and habitat
Chrysophyllum argenteum is native to a wide area from the Caribbean to Central America and tropical South America. Its habitat is in various forest types and grasslands at altitudes up to .
References
argenteum
Flora of South America
Plants described in 1760
Bridgetown is a hamlet in the parish of Werrington, Cornwall. It has a Methodist chapel.
References
Hamlets in Cornwall
Philip F. Wenz (born April 13, 1873) was a carpenter and machinist who served three terms (1927–1932) as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 7th Milwaukee County district (7th ward of the City of Milwaukee).
Background
Wenz was born in Milwaukee on April 13, 1873. He received a public school education in the grade schools of Milwaukee and became an apprentice carpenter at the age of 16. Later he became a machinist, but preferred outdoor employment and again returned to carpentry. He sold insurance and stocks for five years "but found this business to vary considerably in seasons" and returned to carpentry.
Political office
He was working as a carpenter when he was first elected to the Assembly in November 1926 (succeeding fellow Socialist [and machinist] Alex C. Ruffing) receiving 1,509 votes to 1,087 for Republican Henry Blackburn. He was assigned to the standing committee on municipalities.
He was re-elected in 1928, with 1801 votes to 815 for Ella Goess.
In 1930 he was unopposed in the primary election, and was re-elected in the general election, with 1443 votes to 1103 for former Assemblyman Charles Meising (a Republican), 314 for Democrat Fred Stich, and 34 for Jack Schwab. He retained his seat on the municipalities committee, but was additionally assigned to the Committee on Commerce and Manufactures, and to the joint committee on University and Capitol Heating Plants.
He did not run for re-election in 1932, and was succeeded by fellow Socialist Arthur Koegel.
References
1873 births
Year of death unknown
American stockbrokers
Insurance agents
American carpenters
Machinists
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Politicians from Milwaukee
Socialist Party of America politicians from Wisconsin
Need It may refer to:
"Need It", song by Kaytranada from Bubba, 2019
"Need It" (Migos song), 2020
The Columbushaus (Columbus House) was a nine-storey modernist office and shopping building in Potsdamer Platz in Berlin, designed by Erich Mendelsohn and completed in 1932. It was an icon of progressive architecture which passed relatively unscathed through World War II but was gutted by fire in the June 1953 uprising in East Germany. The ruin was subsequently razed in 1957 because it stood in the border strip; the site where the structure once stood was occupied by activists shortly before the fall of the Berlin wall.
Architecture
The Columbushaus has been described as a "little skyscraper". It was a horizontally detailed steel-frame building, the alternating bands of windows and spandrels on the upper floors prefigured by a conceptual sketch of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe. (Mendelsohn later claimed that he had to include masonry courses to allow for neon signs, and would otherwise have used only metal and glass.) The client required the façade to curve to follow the line of Friedrich-Ebert-Straße and also specified that the floor plans be flexible to allow for future use as a department store; Erich Mendelsohn's solution was to have the window frames of the outer walls bear much of the load on the upper floors in order to greatly limit the number of internal supports and enable configuration of spaces at will by means of partitions. On the lower floors, with their continuous glazing for retail use, the load was shifted to interior supports using cross girders and cantilever girders. It was the most advanced office building in Europe, and the first building in Germany to have ventilation equipment.
Stylistically, it was "perhaps the most pronounced and rigorous example of modern office building design in Berlin." It was conceived as a real piece of urban progressivism, in contrast to the fantasy world epitomised by Haus Vaterland, on the opposite side of the square.Columbus Haus serves as an object of redemption, a spatial synthesis through which the path to pure reason can be rediscovered. It is the ultimate object of negation, conceived in rejection of the degeneration that obsessive consumption has caused to the culture. Its presence attempts to break the conspiracy between architecture and the persistence of the memory of Rome, the dangerous and uncontrollable evocation of ancient gods and mysteries. It is as if architecture had become naked, shedding all deception to purify itself and the city. "Dedicated to an idealist version of America", it was intentionally revolutionary, its height and modernity in sharp contrast to the other buildings in the square, which were predominantly classical in detailing and many of which dated to the Gründerzeit of the last quarter of the 19th century. It was to have been part of a reconfiguration of Potsdamer Platz and the adjacent Leipziger Platz as modern spaces which was planned by Stadtbaurat Martin Wagner; as a result of the Depression, the Columbushaus was the only part of the project built. Mendelsohn planned the Columbushaus as part of a wall of skyscrapers around the reformed square; first, in 1928, proposing to combine both squares and in a second conceptual sketch, in 1931, making an octagonal plaza separated from Potsdamer Platz proper. Although no other buildings were built to place it in the intended context, the "last masterpiece of Mendelsohn's German period" was highly influential.
History
Background and construction
The site at the corner of Friedrich-Ebert-Straße and Bellevuestraße, at one corner of what was known as the 'Lenné triangle' (between Bellevuestraße, Friedrich-Ebert-Straße and Lennéstraße), had been occupied by the Grand Hotel Bellevue, built in 1887/88. A consortium of German investors planned to build a branch of the French department store Galeries Lafayette on the site and engaged Mendelsohn to design it because of his prestige as a modernist. However, the owners of the Wertheim department store in Leipziger Platz immediately bought the adjacent land. Since part of the site was to be used to widen the street as part of Wagner's traffic improvements, the building had to be very tall.
Mendelsohn submitted plans to the city for a 15-storey building, stepped down at both ends. There was to have been a two-storey rooftop restaurant, and large letters spelling out the name of the department store around the edge of the roof, and the foyer was to have also served as a subway entrance. When approval seemed likely, the hotel was demolished late in 1928 and he had a 20-metre-tall advertising hoarding built following the contours of the old building, with shops at the base. The hoarding advertised the forthcoming department store and also carried paid advertising, which defrayed some of the landowners' costs. However, in February 1929 the design was rejected as likely to exacerbate the traffic problems; instead, permission was given for a nine-storey structure, and in June that year, the start of construction was announced for September or October. However, in August the investors decided to build elsewhere, and then were prevented from doing so by the onset of the Depression.
Almost two years later, in August 1931, they announced that they would instead build the 10-storey Columbushaus on the Potsdamer Platz site. This version of the project Mendelsohn designed for Wertheim, and it was built in 1931–32.
Uses
Mendelsohn designed the building for maximum rental income. The ground floor was occupied by various shops, including a branch of Woolworth's. There were café restaurants on the first and ninth floors. The remaining floors in between were offices. Initially, the building included a travel agency, the Büssing bus and lorry company, Deutsche Edelstahl and other well known companies and organisations. A large neon sign advertising the Nazi newspaper Braune Post was mounted on the roof. During the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, the Olympic Organising Committee's information centre was housed in the building.
The secret archive of the Leninist resistance organisation Neu Beginnen was in the building. On 1 December 1939, Richard von Hegener rented three or four offices in the building for a cover organisation founded to carry out the programme of execution of the physically and mentally unfit, which became known as Action T4 after the nearby address Tiergartenstraße 4 to which its headquarters moved in the spring of 1940.
The building was damaged in the battle for Berlin in the closing days of the Second World War, but thanks to its modern steel frame construction, not destroyed.
Located in Mitte, the building was in the Soviet sector of occupied Berlin. Wertheim used some space on the ground floor for sales and on upper floors for offices. In 1948 the East Berlin council, the Magistrat, seized the property; the sales space was taken over by the national retail organisation, HO (Handelsorganisation), and the People's Police opened a police station in the building.
Fire and demolition
During the East German workers' revolt on 17 June 1953, the Mayor of Kreuzberg, Willy Kressmann, urged the police to offer no resistance, and they threw their uniforms from the windows and hung out a white flag, but the enraged crowd nonetheless set the building on fire. In 1957 the ruin was demolished and the site cleared. The steel was salvaged and reused.
Aftermath
When the Berlin wall was erected in 1961, it continued the line of Friedrich-Ebert-Straße and the Lenné triangle lay outside it, separated from the West only by a fence with concrete posts; this saved building materials and gave better sightlines over the waste land, but occasionally Westerners would cut the fence.
In 1986, East German authorities arrested Wolfram Hasch there for making political graffiti on the wall. In March 1988, an agreement was reached to exchange 16 small pieces of land between East and West Berlin, including the Lenné triangle, to enable the building of an autobahn extension; West Berlin also paid 76 million Deutschmarks to the East. The Lenné triangle then became part of the Tiergarten district. However, before the exchange took effect on July 1, environmentalists occupied it, built an encampment, and declared it an extra-legal zone, the 'Norbert Kubat Corner', named for a young man who had taken his life in jail. Protesters were drawn to the site from all over the Federal Republic and in some cases from abroad; a radio station was established, and there was regular press coverage including foreign TV; the number occupying the site grew to about 600, and after the West Berlin Senate, having failed to obtain help from either the British or the Russian occupying forces, tried first to fence off the area and then to have the police disperse them (playing loud music at night among other tactics), they fortified the encampment and threw stones at the police. Police responded with tear gas, the squatters with slingshots, fireworks and Molotov cocktails. Early in the morning of July 1, when the police moved in, the 180–200 people still occupying the site fled over the wall, in "the first mass flight over the wall from West to East". The East German border police assisted them over, with their dogs, bicycles and other possessions, and the authorities fed them breakfast, took them into the Friedrichstraße station at the border via the diplomatic entrance, and gave them tickets so that they could travel back to West Berlin without being caught by the West German police, who had tightened ticket checking in anticipation.
Since German reunification, Potsdamer Platz has been entirely redeveloped. The Lenné triangle is now occupied by the Beisheim Center, which includes Marriott and Ritz-Carlton hotels among other facilities and was funded by Otto Beisheim and other investors. In preparation for construction, which began in 1995, an approximately 30-year growth of woodland on the site was felled.
Urban myth: confusion with Columbia-Haus
The Columbushaus has often been identified with the Columbia-Haus (occasionally spelt Columbiahaus) on Columbiadamm in Tempelhof. The Columbia-Haus was a former military prison (Militär-Arrestanstalt), opened in 1896 as the third of its kind in Berlin. It was abandoned in 1929 and fell empty. After the adjacent street was renamed to Columbiadamm after Charles Lindbergh's plane WB-2 Miss Columbia (N-X-237), the empty building close to the then Tempelhof airport was called Columbia-Haus. As soon as the Nazi Party came to power, like many similar premises in Berlin, the Columbia-Haus was made into a so-called "wild concentration camp"; spontaneously established, with 400 inmates by September 1933, the Columbia-Haus concentration camp was later formalised as part of the Concentration Camps Inspectorate.
The camp was closed in preparation for the extension of the airport in 1936, and the building was demolished in 1938 to make way for the never completed new airport terminal on which work took place between 1936 and 1945. The site of the prison is now part of the terminal compound. The name and its actual location fell into oblivion, and the name Columbiahaus was given again to a new office building completed in 1939 on the Columbiadamm at the corner of Platz der Luftbrücke, which now houses the Hauptzollamt Berlin (Berlin chief customs office). In post-war searches for the Columbia concentration camp this building was usually, and correctly, discarded as the location of the camp for its late date of construction. A memorial for the concentration camp was only erected in 1994, diagonally opposite the actual former site, which was within the then still operating airport (closed in 2008).
However, the striking resemblance of the names caused many to identify the Columbia-Haus with Columbushaus, thus referring the history of the concentration camp to the former building by Erich Mendelsohn. The two are often confused, especially in older publications.
References
Sources
Columbushaus: Geschäfts- und Bürohaus, am Potsdamer Platz, Bellevuestrasse, Ecke Friedrich-Ebert-Strasse, Berlin. Berlin: Bellevue-Immobilien-AG, 195-. OCLC 83346681
"1931–1932 Columbushaus". Bruno Zevi. Erich Mendelsohn. 1982, Translated ed. New York: Rizzoli, 1985. . pp. 122–27.
External links
Columbushaus at Potsdamer-Platz.org
Buildings and structures in Mitte
Berlin Columbushaus
Erich Mendelsohn buildings
Office buildings completed in 1932
Squats in Germany
Evicted squats
Buildings and structures demolished in 1957
A Dorset knob is a hard dry savoury biscuit which is now produced by only a single producer - Moores Biscuits of Bridport, Dorset, England - for a limited time of the year.
Description
Dorset knobs are made from bread dough which contains extra sugar and butter. They are rolled and shaped by hand, and baked three times. Once cooked, they are very crumbly and rather like very dry stale bread or rusks in consistency.
They are named after their shape's resemblance to Dorset knob buttons, but have also been compared, in size, to door knobs.
Dorset knobs are typically eaten with cheese (for example, Dorset Blue Vinney). Dorset knobs were said by his parlour maid to have been a favourite food of local author Thomas Hardy. As they are so hard, they are also eaten by first soaking them in sweet tea.
History
In the past there were a number of producers of Dorset knobs. Today the only firm to produce them commercially is Moores Biscuits, which used to be sited in Morcombelake, four miles west of Bridport in the west of the county of Dorset in England, but has now moved into Bridport itself. The Moores family have baked biscuits in Dorset since before 1860. The bakery was established in 1880 by Samuel Moores and manufactures a variety of traditional biscuits in addition to the Dorset knob. Dorset knobs are only produced during the months of January and February. They are normally sold in a distinctive and traditional tin.
Dorset knob throwing
The practice of Dorset knob throwing began in 2008 at a festival in the Dorset village of Cattistock, inspired by a Yorkshire pudding throwing game that the organiser had seen on television.
The competition is now held every year on the first Sunday in May. The record throw of was set in 2019. Other events at the festival included a knob and spoon race, knob darts, knob painting and guess the weight of the knob. In 2017, the Dorset knob-throwing competition moved from Cattistock to Kingston Maurward House but was cancelled in 2018, the plan being to make it a biennial event from 2019. It was announced that the event would return to Cattistock in May 2022, however, in January 2022 it was announced that it had again been cancelled.
References
External links
Moores Biscuits
Dorset knob throwing website
Biscuits
Knob
Çakış is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Culex torrentium is a species of mosquito in the family Culicidae. This species has a wide distribution in the temperate Palaearctic region.
Description
The species is very similar to Culex pipiens. The most reliable characteristics for distinguishing Culex torrentium from Culex pipiens are found in males, namely in the hypopygium. The dorsal arm of paraproct is pointed and twisted at the apex (not blunt as in Culex pipiens). The ventral arm of paraproct is long and recurved.
Distribution
Culex torrentium is found in Palaearctic. In a group of two sympatric species, Culex pipiens and Culex torrentium, proportion of Culex torrentium is increased from South to North. In Leningrad Region of Russia, Culex torrentium is less abundant species than Culex pipiens, based on preliminary studies.
References
Culex
Palearctic insects
Insects described in 1925
HD 102839 is a class G6Ib (yellow supergiant) star in the constellation Musca. Its apparent magnitude is 4.98 and it is approximately 950 light years away from Earth based on parallax.
References
Musca (constellation)
G-type supergiants
102839
4538
057696
PD-69 01595
Gargoyles is a fictional team of characters appearing in comic book series by Slave Labor Graphics and Creature Comics which appeared between 2006 and 2009. It was based on the 1994 animated television series Gargoyles, and was written by series co-creator Greg Weisman. The comic continued the storyline of the first two seasons, but ignores much of the third season, The Goliath Chronicles.
Storyline
The comic acted as a continuation of the animated series after episode 65, picking up after the climactic second season finale, "Hunter's Moon, Part III". The first two issues of the comic translate episode 66 "The Journey", which was the only third season Gargoyles episode Weisman considers to be canonical (as well as the only third season episode Weisman wrote). Issue #3 of the Gargoyles comic then began a completely new storyline, which deliberately ignored the rest of the events of the televised third season.
Weisman has confirmed that the in-universe timeline of the comic starts in 1996, just after the conclusion of the final episode of the series' second season. Issue #10 was the first issue set in 1997.
Production
In June 2005, it was announced that a series of Disney-licensed, bi-monthly Gargoyles comic books would be created by Slave Labor Graphics in association with CreatureComics. Gargoyles #1 was released on June 21, 2006 and promptly sold out, ensuring a second printing. After an extended delay, Gargoyles #2 was released on December 13, 2006. Issue #6 contains an error: the artwork on page 12 and 16 was switched, even though the text is correct. Slave Labor has acknowledged this error, and the corrected issue was reprinted on November 14.
Greg Guler, character designer for the original TV series, and Stephanie Lostimolo have produced the cover art for each issue. Story art is primarily being produced by David Hedgecock and colored by Dustin Evans, although issues #4, #5, and #6 were drawn by guest artists. Gargoyles #6 used the unpublished script that Weisman wrote for the Marvel series.
In August 2008, Greg Weisman announced that, due to Disney increasing its licensing fees, Slave Labor Graphics would not be renewing its license of Gargoyles after it ran out on August 31, 2008. The final two issues of Bad Guys and four of Gargoyles were released in the comic trades collecting both series in August 2009. Weisman also stated that SLG President Dan Vado has not given up on the Gargoyles franchise, and hopes to pursue the idea of Gargoyles graphic novels in the future.
Spin-offs
One of Greg Weisman's planned Gargoyles spin-offs, Bad Guys, appeared as a black-and-white six-issue limited series in 2007/08. The first issue was released on November 28, 2007. The series was written by Weisman and drawn by Karine Charlebois, with cover art by Greg Guler and Stephanie Lostimolo.
Had the comics continued, Gargoyles: Pendragon would have been next in line, followed by Gargoyles: Timedancer. Each of these would have also appeared as a six-issue black-and-white limited series.
Issues
Note that Gargoyles issues #9–12 and Bad Guys issues #5–6 were only published in the collections.
Gargoyles
Gargoyles: Bad Guys
Collections
Reception
The series was met with positive reviews, with many readers saying they wished the series did not end after only 12 issues.
Awards
References
External links
Save the Gargoyles Comic!...And Other Gargoyles News
Gargoyles Comic Interview with Weisman - March, 2006
Wondercon 2007 Panel Greg Weisman - March 4, 2007
GREG WEISMAN TALKS "THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN" & "GARGOYLES" - March 8, 2007
Greg Weisman's interview on BAD GUYS & GARGOYLES comic books - October 2, 2007
Charlebois' BAD GUYS & GARGOYLES - October 18, 2007
Greg Weisman discusses the new Gargoyles comic series - July, 2008
Comics based on television series
Disney Comics titles
Disney comics titles
Gargoyles (TV series)
Comics about time travel
801 Grand High Rise Building (referred to as the 801 Grand Building), is a 45 story skyscraper in Des Moines, Iowa, United States, operated and managed by JLL Americas and owned by Principal Financial Group (Principal Real Estate). The 801 Grand Building is the tallest building in Iowa.
History
Construction of 801 Grand Building began in 1989 with Principal Financial Group serving as the developers and owners. The building was designed by Hellmuth Obata and Kassabaum. During the design phase of the building, the tower was designed to house office spaces and blend with the architecture of the local area. The tower cost $70 million to construct with an additional $19 million parking lot being constructed and financed by the city of Des Moines. The building featured 705,000 square feet of office space, with 62 percent having been leased prior to completion of the building. The 801 Grand Building was completed in 1991 with a height of and 45 stories. The company JLL Americas serves as the buildings manager.
When completed. the 801 Grand building was in height, making it the tallest building in Iowa. The building's height was taller than One Kansas City Place ( tall) and the Metropolitan Square in St. Louis ( tall), making it the tallest building in the Midwest between Chicago and Denver. This record was broken by Omaha's First National Bank Tower in 2002.
In 2014, Principal Financial Group refitted their entire downtown campus with diode lights. Originally, the campus featured white lights but these where changed to LEDs due to issues with the white lights attracting and killing corn borer moths. The 801 Grand, along with the rest of the campus, was refitted with new lights as part of the $284 million renovation project.
In 2020, the insurance company F&G moved their headquarters to the 801 Grand Building.
Design
The 801 Grand Building follows a post modern design. The tower's exterior is built out of granite with the upper levels featuring terraces and setbacks. This was designed to minimize the building's impact on the city's skyline. The top of the building is an eight-sided pyramid covered in copper. The bottom 3 floors are designated for retail stores and restaurants, with the upper levels designated for office space. The 3rd floor connects to a skywalk system and the top two floors serve as a private restaurant.
The build was named as one of the 50 most significant Iowa Buildings of the 20th Century by the Iowan chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Iowa
List of the tallest buildings by U.S. state
References
External links
Official website
https://goo.gl/maps/RcPodd6qa6ycVLtd8
Office buildings completed in 1991
Skyscraper office buildings in Des Moines, Iowa
Financial services company headquarters in the United States
Modernist architecture in Iowa
1991 establishments in Iowa
HOK (firm) buildings
Kersa is a town located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region, in southeastern Ethiopia. This town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2784 meters above sea level. It is the administrative center of Munesa woreda.
According to the Oromia Regional government, this town currently has telephone and postal service, and is supplied with electricity for four hours a day. Records at the Nordic Africa Institute website provide details of a primary school in Kersa in 1968, and a clinic operated by the Lutheran Church in 1992.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Kersa has an estimated total population of 9,038 of whom 4,377 are men and 4,661 are women. The 1994 national census reported this town had a total population of 5,059 of whom 2,374 were men and 2,685 were women.
Notes
Populated places in the Oromia Region
Beaver Dam Unified School District is a public school district in the city of Beaver Dam, Wisconsin.
References
External links
Beaver Dam Unified School District
Education in Dodge County, Wisconsin
School districts in Wisconsin
Beaver Dam, Wisconsin
Countdown is a young adult novel series by Daniel Ehrenhaft under the pen name Daniel Parker. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, the series chronicles the year 1999 in short novels which represent individual months of the year. The series begins with January and follows the lives of its main characters through December.
Author
Daniel Parker is generally believed to be the pseudonym of young-adult fiction writer Daniel Parker Ehrenhaft (to whom the books are jointly copy-written). Ehrenhaft is the author of numerous other young-adult books including The Wessex Papers (2003) under the pseudonym Daniel Parker and The Last Dog on Earth (2005) under the name Daniel Ehrenhaft among other titles. According to Ehrenhaft's website , the author currently lives in Brooklyn, New York with his wife, Jessica.
Plot overview
As the new year dawns, a reported "massive solar flare" causes power failures all over the globe and adults and children everywhere to melt into piles of "black goo." Only young adults are spared, among them a quartet of drunken high school kids in suburban Seattle, two teens whose fake IDs have gained them entry to a New York City nightclub, a cocky young doctor in a Texas hospital, a pair of tough-talking inmates in a Pittsburgh jail, and Sarah and Joshua Levy who desperately search the ancient scroll of their granduncle Elijah for clues to the apocalyptic event.
Books
January
New Year's Day 1999 brings a strange solar flare, widescale power outages, and the death of everyone on Earth over twenty years old, leaving desperate teenagers to face the awakened Demon called Lilith.
February
One month into the new year, teenagers are left to fend for themselves as they realize that they not only need to out-live a plague, but each other as well.
March
April
After everyone on Earth over twenty dies, the awakened Demon called Lilith continues to spread her influence, while the teenagers chosen to stop her hope to unleash the power of an ancient encoded scroll.
May
In a world where turning twenty-one seems to mean certain death by a horrible Plague, the forces of the Demon Lilith and the Visionaries who believe in the Chosen One continue to be drawn west toward a final confrontation.
As the Demon Lilith continues to grow in strength, some of the world's teenage survivors worry about finding a cure for the plague that has killed all the adults, while others try to party themselves to death.
June
Left in a world with no adults, the teens subscribe to the notion that love will save them. They find out that they are wrong.
July
Is there a cure for the plague? Some think so and as Lilith grows in power they search for the cure.
August
Servants of Lilith fight against "The Visionaries" who attempt to decode an ancient scroll to stop her power.
September
The protagonists attempt to keep the power of the scroll from the demon Lilith—will they be successful?
October
As the demon wields ultimate power, one girl tries to save the world through the sacrifice of her own life—is it all in vain?
November
The demon has been destroyed... or has she? The Countdown is still on as the teens fight their way towards the end.
December
What will the future hold? Has the Countdown been stopped? Has the demon been destroyed? Only the final battle will decide.
Criticism
While the series has amassed a large young-adult following, professional criticism of the book surrounded underdeveloped characters and the author's use of "crass" plot lines.
Symbolism and Position
The series draws heavily upon common literary tropes and characters found in both religious texts and popular fiction, including the apocalyptic concept and the introduction of demonic forces.
References
Young adult novel series
Science fiction novel series
American young adult novels
American science fiction novels
1990s science fiction novels
Children's science fiction novels
Post-apocalyptic novels
American novel series
Stille may refer to:
Geography
Stille (river), a river near Schmalkalden, Thuringia, Germany
Stille Musel, a river of Baden-Württemberg, Germany
Science
Stille reaction
History
Stille Omgang, a religious procession in the Netherlands
Stille Hilfe, an aid organization for SS members after WWII
Music
"Die Stille" (the silence), song by Fanny Mendelssohn
Stille (Lacrimosa album)
Stille (Chima album)
Stille (Saints & Lovers album)
Stille, album by Åse Teigland on NorCD, see list of NorCD albums
People with that surname
Alexander Stille, American writer
Christoph Ludwig von Stille (1696–1752), Prussian general major
Hans Stille (1876–1966), German geologist
John Kenneth Stille (1930–1989), American chemist, originator of the Stille reaction
Mary Ingram Stille (1854-1935), American historian, journalist, and temperance reformer
Olof Persson Stille, American settler
:de:Curt Stille (1873–1957), inventor of the Textophon
:de:Gustav Stille (1845–1920), physician and writer
:de:Renate Stille (1944), Brazilian diplomat
:de: Ulrich Christoph von Stille (1654–1728), Prussian General lieutenant
:de:Ulrich Stille (1910–1976), German physicist
:it:Ugo Stille (1919–1995) Russian-born naturalized Italian writer
:sv:Arthur Stille (1863–1922), Swedish historian
:sv:Arvid Stille (1888–1970), Swedish architect
:sv:Giles Stille (1958) English footballer in Sweden
:sv:Albert Stille (1814–93), Swedish ínstrument maker and entrepreneur
:sv:Max Stille (1853–1906), Swedish ínstrument maker and entrepreneur
J-Men Forever, originally titled "The Secret World War", is a 1979 comedy film by Philip Proctor and Peter Bergman of the Firesign Theatre. The film is a pastiche using film clips from Republic serials, re-dubbed with comic dialog to tell a tale of world conquest by sex, drugs and rock and roll.
Summary
In the film, the Lightning Bug, embodied by garish villains from several serials, attempts to take over the world with rock and roll. He later adds sex and drugs when music alone doesn't work. He explains his changing appearance by saying, "I'm bringing all five of my costumes!" The Lightning Bug is voiced by legendary radio DJ M.G. Kelly (also called "Machine Gun" Kelly).
Peter Bergman plays The Chief and Philip Proctor plays Agent Barton. They appear in period-style black and white sequences that are used to frame the re-dubbed clips of car chases, explosions, flying men, sinister villains and villainesses, fights, and various other perils that are strung together in a somewhat incoherent plot.
Plot
The Bug's first victims are square record moguls Lawrence Milk and Jive Davis, who are hypnotized or otherwise prodded into killing themselves, and bandleader 'Scream' Dorsey, whose car is booby trapped and then run off a cliff. The Bug, his henchmen and henchwomen (including the villainess Sombra) are opposed by the J-Men, a group of government agents hired by the legendary J. Eager Believer.
Besides the Chief and his bumbling sidekick, Agent Barton, the J-Men include Agents Spike, Claire and Lance, Buzz Cufflink, Yank Smellfinger, James Armhole, Rocket Jock (clips of Commando Cody from Radar Men from the Moon), the Lone Star (clips from Captain America), the Caped Madman (clips of Captain Marvel from Adventures of Captain Marvel; who transforms by using the phrase "Sh-Boom"), Spy Swatter (clips from Spy Smasher), Sleeve Coat, Juicy Withers, and Admiral Balzy. Many of them appear to die horrible, inescapable deaths in the course of the film.
The J-Men work in cooperation with the F.C.C. (Federal Culture Control), opposing the Lightning Bug with Muzac (created by M.U.S.A.C., the Military Underground Sugared Airwaves Command), then with a bomb to blow up the Lightning Bug's base on the Moon. However, the Lightning Bug beats them to it, by turning his stereo up too loud and blowing up the Moon himself (and all of New York City in the process, which the J-Men consider a "double victory").
At the end of the film, Agent Barton mournfully recites the list of J-Men who supposedly gave their lives in the epic struggle against the Bug. The Chief laughs, then starts choking on a cigar he is smoking. After he stops choking, The Chief points out that J-Men are flexible enough to survive any life-threatening situation, and the final clips (from the following week's edition of the serial) show exactly how each J-Man escaped their particular peril.
Soundtrack
The movie's classic rock soundtrack features music from Budgie, The Tubes, Head East and Billy Preston.
Release
The film did not get notice during its theatrical run, but two years afterwards was popular enough when it was brought up by International Harmony head Stuart Shapiro on the USA Network show Night Flight to the point of a cult following. It was released on DVD November 19, 2002 by Cult DVD.
See also
What's Up Tiger Lily
Hercules Returns
Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid
References
External links
1979 films
1970s parody films
Collage film
1970s spy comedy films
1979 drama films
1979 comedy films
1970s English-language films
Evelyn Mansfield King (30 May 1907 – 14 April 1994) was a British member of parliament for both the Labour Party and then the Conservative Party.
The son of Harry Percy King and Winifred Elizabeth née Paulet, King was educated at Cheltenham College and King's College, Cambridge (where he was the university's correspondent to the Sunday Times, 1928–30). He then entered the Inner Temple, London. He was Assistant Master at Bedford School, taught at Craigend Park School, and became Headmaster and Warden of Clayesmore School, 1935–1950. He revitalised a financially failing Clayesmore, bringing with him some pupils from Craigend Park, and managing the school in an energetic and proactive way, putting it on the Headmasters' Conference List, and generally on the map. During World War II he served in the Gloucestershire Regiment from 1940 and was promoted Acting Lieutenant-Colonel in 1941.
King was originally Labour Party Member of Parliament for Penryn and Falmouth from 1945 to 1950, and served as Parliamentary Secretary at the Ministry of Town and Country Planning 1947 to 1950. When his constituency was abolished for the 1950 general election he contested Poole in 1950 but lost.
King defected to the Conservative Party in 1951 and contested Southampton Itchen in 1959. In 1964, he stood in South Dorset and unseated Labour's Guy Barnett, who had gained the seat in a by-election two years earlier.
He was a member of parliamentary delegations to Bermuda and Washington DC in 1946, Tokyo 1947, Cairo and the Middle East 1967, Jordan and the Persian Gulf 1968, Kenya and the Seychelles 1969, Malta 1970 (leader), and Malawi 1971 (leader). He was a member of the Select Committee on Overseas Aid in 1971, and Chairman of the Food Committee 1971–73. King served as MP for South Dorset until he retired in 1979.
King was a long-standing member of the Primrose League, and a Vice-President of the Conservative Monday Club from about 1974 until his death in 1994 aged 86.
Publications
King, Evelyn, with J. C. Trewin, Printer to The House - biography of Luke Hansard. London, 1952.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons, 1951, 1966 & October 1974, London
Dod's Parliamentary Companion 1979, 160th edition, London.
Black, A & C, Who's Who, London. (Various editions).
External links
1907 births
1994 deaths
20th-century English educators
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
British Army personnel of World War II
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Gloucestershire Regiment officers
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Penryn and Falmouth
Ministers in the Attlee governments, 1945–1951
People educated at Cheltenham College
People educated at Clayesmore School
Schoolteachers from Dorset
UK MPs 1945–1950
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Heads of schools in England
The 2020 United States presidential election in Minnesota was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Minnesota voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Minnesota has ten electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Polls of Minnesota voters throughout the campaign showed a clear Biden lead. Prior to the election, 15 out of 16 news organizations projected Minnesota as leaning towards Biden. Minnesota was ultimately carried by Biden by a 7.12% margin, significantly improving over Hillary Clinton's narrow 1.52% margin in 2016. Biden's win marked the twelfth consecutive Democratic presidential win in the state, which has not voted for a Republican since Richard Nixon in 1972, making it the state with the longest Democratic streak still in effect today.
Biden flipped four counties Trump carried in 2016: Clay (Moorhead), Nicollet (North Mankato and St. Peter), Blue Earth (Mankato), and Winona (anchored by the city of the same name), all of which were won by Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012. The key to Biden's success was his performance in the Twin Cities metro area; he outperformed both Clinton and Obama (in either 2008 or 2012) there. His vote share in Hennepin was the highest of any nominee's since Theodore Roosevelt's in 1904. He also improved on Clinton's performance in the Iron Range, although his performance in St Louis, Lake, and Carlton Counties was still well below what Democrats had historically been getting since the New Deal realignment up through 2012. In fact, this was the first time a Republican received greater than 70% of the vote in a Northern Minnesota county since Herbert Hoover in 1928. In addition, Biden managed to flip Minnesota's 2nd congressional district, which houses some of the Twin Cities' southern suburbs, by 6.8 points, after Trump narrowly won it by 1.2 points in the last election.
Throughout the summer leading up to the election, the Twin Cities metro was the epicenter of the summer 2020 BLM protests, given that the murder of George Floyd had taken place in Minneapolis. Trump attempted to court White suburban Minnesotans by using images of rioting and looting in some of his campaign ads and claiming that Biden would "destroy suburbia". These efforts failed, as Biden massively improved in the Twin Cities suburbs, leading to his solid statewide margin of victory. Biden became the first Democrat to win over 70% of the vote in any Minnesota county since former Senator from Minnesota and contemporary Vice President Hubert Humphrey in 1968.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden carried 51% of White Minnesotans; as well as 58% of college educated voters, and 55% of union households. Trump's areas of strength were in the more rural areas, while Biden performed better in urban and suburban areas. Biden became the first Democrat to win the White House without carrying Koochiching County and Mahnomen County since those counties were formed in 1906, the first Democrat to win without Traverse County since Grover Cleveland in 1892, the first to win without Kittson, Norman, Itasca, and Beltrami Counties since Woodrow Wilson in 1912, and the first to win without Swift County since Wilson in 1916.
Primary elections
Republican primary
The Republican primary took place on March 3, 2020. Donald Trump and Bill Weld were among the declared Republican candidates.
Democratic primary
The Democratic primary took place on March 3, 2020. Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, and former Vice President Joe Biden were among the major declared candidates. Amy Klobuchar, U.S. Senator from Minnesota since 2007, expressed interest in running, and formally declared her candidacy in February 2019, but then withdrew prior to Minnesota's race.
Biden won the most delegates.
Libertarian caucuses
The Libertarian Party of Minnesota used ranked-choice voting to tabulate the results of their caucus. After 7 rounds, Jacob Hornberger was declared the winner.
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Amy Klobuchar
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and generic Democrat
with Donald Trump, generic Democrat, and Howard Schultz
Results
Results by county
By congressional district
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Blue Earth (the largest municipality: Mankato)
Clay (the largest municipality: Moorhead)
Nicollet (the largest municipality: North Mankato)
Winona (the largest municipality: Winona)
See also
United States presidential elections in Minnesota
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
2020 Minnesota elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
Elections & Voting - Minnesota Secretary of State
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Minnesota
2020
Presidential
Les copains du dimanche ('Sunday's Friends') is a 1958 film which stars Jean Paul Belmondo. It was directed by Henri Aisner. The film promoted the trade union movement and was not seen in commercial cinemas.
References
External links
Film page at Le Film Guide
1958 films
1958 comedy films
French comedy films
1950s French films
Peckoltia lineola is a species of catfish in the family Loricariidae. It is native to South America, where it occurs in the basins of the Ventuari River in Venezuela and the Inírida River in Colombia. The species reaches 9.7 cm (3.8 inches) SL and is typically found in rocky riffles. Its specific epithet, lineola, derives from a Latin word meaning "line", referring to the lines present on the species' compound pterotic.
P. lineola appears in the aquarium trade, where it is most frequently referred to either as the shortlined pleco, as the Orinoco dwarf pleco, or by one of three associated L-numbers, which are L-202, LDA-057, and LDA-079.
References
Fish described in 2008
Ancistrini
The 1986 Georgia Southern Eagles football team represented the Georgia Southern Eagles of Georgia Southern College (now known as Georgia Southern University) during the 1986 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The Eagles played their home games at Paulson Stadium in Statesboro, Georgia. The team was coached by Erk Russell, in his fifth year as head coach for the Eagles.
Schedule
References
External links
1986 Football Media Guide at gseagles.com
Georgia Southern
Georgia Southern Eagles football seasons
NCAA Division I Football Champions
Georgia Southern Eagles football
Seydiler is a village in the Tefenni district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Tefenni District
Kurachevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Kundashlinsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 226 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Kurachevo is located 31 km southeast of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novosultangulovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
The Multnomah County Courthouse is a historic building that served as the courthouse for Multnomah County, Oregon from 1911 to 2020. It is located in downtown, Portland, Oregon, the county seat, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Due to concerns over the structural deficiency of the then-century-old building, which was determined to need a costly seismic retrofit, the county board of commissioners decided in 2013 to launch plans to construct a new courthouse in a different location, to replace the existing building. Construction began in October 2016. The old courthouse closed on September 29, 2020, and the new courthouse opened on October 5. The old building was sold in 2018 to NBP Capital, which plans to convert it into a mixed-use development after making a seismic retrofit.
History
The Multnomah County Courthouse was built in two phases between 1909 and 1914 at a total cost of $1.6 million; to make it fire-resistant, it was constructed of concrete-encased steel, with concrete slab floors and walls of terra-cotta brick, covered with plaster. At the time, it was the largest courthouse on the west coast and served also as county seat and county jail.
Originally, the building had a central courtyard, where prohibition-era confiscated alcohol was poured down a drain; over time, this courtyard was filled in to make room for more offices and a jury room. The courthouse had four two-story courtrooms which featured most of the courthouse's original design; some two-story courtrooms were split horizontally during the 1950s, expanding capacity and resulting in new floors.
Further renovation of the courthouse had been under consideration since at least 1970, with studies starting in the 1990s also considering building a new courthouse. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Replacement and closure as courthouse
A February 2001 earthquake exposed weaknesses in the building's structure. Plans for the addition of a new floor, the infill of the light well and a major seismic retrofit were considered, with costs estimated in 2011 to be between $176 million and $220 million. However, in March 2013, the county board of commissioners decided instead to work toward planning for the construction of a new courthouse building in a different location, to replace the existing building. A search for suitable sites for the new courthouse followed, and in April 2015 the county commission chose a site at the west end of the Hawthorne Bridge as the location for the planned new courthouse.
Construction began in October 2016. The last day of operation of the old courthouse was September 29, 2020, and the new building opened to the public on October 5, 2020. The new courthouse is 17 stories tall and has 44 courtrooms. It is located in the block bounded by First Avenue, Madison Street, Naito Parkway, and Jefferson Street, with its main (public) entrance located at the intersection of First and Madison.
Post-courthouse future
The county sold the old building to NBP Capital in November 2018. In 2020, it was reported that the company plans to carry out a seismic retrofit and convert the building for mixed use, but that details of the plans are not yet finalized.
See also
Architecture of Portland, Oregon
List of Oregon's Most Endangered Places
National Register of Historic Places listings in Southwest Portland, Oregon
References
External links
1911 establishments in Oregon
County courthouses in Oregon
Government buildings completed in 1911
Government buildings in Portland, Oregon
National Register of Historic Places in Portland, Oregon
Portland Historic Landmarks
Southwest Portland, Oregon
Oregon's Most Endangered Places
"Tokoloshe Man" was a 1971 UK hit single by John Kongos, released on Fly Records. It stayed in the UK Singles Chart top 10 for five weeks, peaking at number 4. Kongos' previous single release was "He's Gonna Step on You Again", another number 4 UK chart hit.
"Tokoloshe Man" was covered by Happy Mondays. It featured on the 1990 Elektra compilation album, Rubáiyát: Elektra's 40th Anniversary.
Meaning
The word Tokoloshe refers to the mystical beast of the same name in African mythology, which is thought to terrorise and eat people at night.
References
1971 singles
Song recordings produced by Gus Dudgeon
John Kongos songs
1971 songs
Songs written by John Kongos
Fly Records singles
Zırlankaya is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Joseph Ashurst Jackson (June 8, 1894 – May 26, 1932) was an American screenwriter, playwright and publicist who was nominated for the now dead category of Best Story at the 4th Academy Awards. He was nominated alongside Lucien Hubbard. They were nominated for Smart Money.
He had over 50 screenplay credits from 1927 to 1932.
Early life and career
One of three children born to Frank Hoard Jackson and Florence Prewitt, Jackson was a graduate of both Kentucky Wesleyan College and Columbia University School of Journalism. He served in the United States Navy during World War I, after which he briefly served as assistant drama editor at the New York World and publicist for Goldwyn Pictures before moving to Los Angeles and Warner Brothers.
In 1923, Jackson was elected president of the Wampas, organization of the publicity and advertising men. In October 1924, he was hired as the personal representative of Rudolph Valentino, in which capacity he served for roughly one year, at which point he left to pursue his writing career in earnest. In the fall of 1925, Jackson authored one-act dramatic vehicles for Frank Keenan, Ethel Grey Terry, and Francis X. Bushman. Soon he began writing for film and for the next five years turned out screen plays for Warner Brothers First National Pictures. He wrote the script and dialogue for The Singing Fool (1928), The Terror (1928), My Man (1928), Tenderloin (1928), Those Who Dance (1930), Fifty Million Frenchmen (1931), Smart Money (1931) and scores of others.
Personal life
Jackson married twice. On February 19, 1921, he married stage and aspiring screen actress Marjorie Manning; within eight months, Manning had fallen ill and, roughly eight months later, she died from that undisclosed illness on June 4, 1922. On April 27, 1927, actress Ethel Shannon and Jackson were wed at the Wilshire Boulevard Congregational Church in Los Angeles.
Death
On May 26, 1932, Jackson, accompanied by actor Robert Armstrong and screenwriter Arthur Caesar, was swimming well offshore at Laguna Beach. When the trio encountered a group of barely submerged rocks about 100 feet out, all but Jackson turned back. Braving both the rocks and what would later be erroneously described as a "terrific rip tide," Jackson was approximately 200 feet from the shore when he realized he was in trouble and called back for help. After his companions again failed to surpass the 100-foot mark, an 18-year-old bystander did finally succeed in reaching him, but by then it was too late. Attempts to revive the unconscious screenwriter proved futile, and Jackson was pronounced dead, due to a combination of drowning and heart attack.
Jackson was survived by his wife Ethel and one son, Ronald Shannon Jackson.
Selected filmography
Her Big Night (1926)
Afraid to Love (1927)
Husbands for Rent (1927)
If I Were Single (1927)
The Barker (1928)
Beware of Bachelors (1928)
Beware of Married Men (1928)
Caught in the Fog (1928)
The Death Ship (1928) (short film)
Five and Ten Cent Annie (1928)
Land of the Silver Fox (1928)
The Little Snob (1928)
A Man of Peace (1928) (short film)
The Midnight Taxi (1928)
My Man (1928)
Powder My Back (1928)
The Singing Fool (1928)
State Street Sadie (1928)
Tenderloin (1928)
The Terror (1928)
Women They Talk About (1928)
Ask Dad (1929)
Conquest (1929)
The Greyhound Limited (1929)
Hardboiled Rose (1929)
In the Headlines (1929)
Is Everybody Happy? (1929)
No Defense (1929)
The Redeeming Sin (1929)
Say It with Songs (1929)
Second Choice (1929)
Be Yourself! (1930)
Dancing Sweeties (1930)
Maybe It's Love (1930)
Mammy (1930)
Man to Man (1930)
The Man from Blankley's (1930)
Oh Sailor Behave (1930)
The Second Floor Mystery (1930)
Those Who Dance (1930)
Fifty Million Frenchmen (1931)
God's Gift to Women (1931)
Safe in Hell (1931)
Smart Money (1931)
Beauty and the Boss (1932)
The Dark Horse (1932)
High Pressure (1932)
The Mouthpiece (1932)
One Way Passage (1932)
References
Further reading
Dougherty, Henry E. (August 22, 1921). "Studio Life Basis of Dramatic Play" Los Angeles Evening Express. p. 21
Jackson, Joseph A. (January 10, 1923). "Sawing a Lady". The Los Angeles Times. p. 18
"Wampanian Joyfest Held". Los Angeles Sunday Times. February 25, 1923. p. 23
Jackson, Joseph. "Valentino Close-Up Shows Qualities Eluding Camera". The Eagle (United Artists Pressbook). January 1925.
Jackson, Joseph (February 8, 1925). "Rudolph Valentino Once Slept in Central Park; Hocked His Clothes and Walked Five Miles for a Job—Became a Dancer at Maxim's - The Biography of a Favorite Star of the Screen". The Brooklyn Daily Eagle. p. 64
Ryan, Don (February 25, 1925). "Improving It". Los Angeles Record. p. 1
Jackson, Joe (June 7, 1925). "Rudy to Play Russian Hero – Question: Will He Bring Slav Into Romantic Prominence He Gave Latins". The Tacoma Washington Ledger. June 7, 1925. p. 58
Gerhard, George (June 6, 1925). "The Screen: Now Natacha Picks 'Em". The Owensboro Messenger. p. 13
"Star Gazing With the Press Critic". The Evansville Press. September 1, 1925. p. 2
"Desert Movies". New York Daily News. November 26, 1925. p. 25
Jackson, Joe (January 1926). "I Wouldn't Wish It On a Dog". Photoplay. pp. 31, 108-109
"Vaudeville: Bryant Washburn in Jackson Sketch". Variety. January 13, 1926. p. 8
External links
1894 births
1932 deaths
American male screenwriters
People from Kentucky
Deaths by drowning in California
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
The Pointe de l'Échelle (3,442 m) is a mountain in the Vanoise Massif in Savoie, France.
References
Mountains of the Graian Alps
Alpine three-thousanders
Mountains of Savoie
Jakob Bernhard Bendix (27 May 1863 in Großmühlingen, Anhalt – 1943 in Cairo) was a German pediatrist. He studied medicine from 1883 to 1888 at Frederick William University in Berlin, at Alma mater Lipsiensis in Leipzig and Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg where he got his doctoral degree. Between 1891 and 1894 he worked as an assistant physician at internist and orthopaedic university hospital in Germany's capital Berlin. From 1894 to 1899 he became Attending physician under the leadership of famous Otto Heubner. In 1901 he qualified as an associate professor, in 1907 he responded to a call as an adjunct professor of Charité in Berlin. He published several medical books and articles of pediatrist topics. His focus was infancy. In 1910 he became the author of a pediatrist standard book for students and physicians which was translated in several languages.
Along with Berlin's school inspector Hermann Neufert in 1904 he founded the world's first Open air school in the outskirts of Grunewald forest in Charlottenburg near Berlin. The school was meant to prevent tuberculosis. The Waldschule für kränkliche Kinder (translated: forest school for sickly children) soon became the prototype for many successors in European countries as well as in the United States.
Since Bendix had a Jewish family background he lost his teaching authorisation after the Nationalsocialists came into power. In 1937 he emigrated to Egypt where he later died.
References
1863 births
1943 deaths
German pediatricians
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany
Messidor is a four-act operatic drame lyrique by Alfred Bruneau to a French libretto by Émile Zola. The opera premiered on 19 February 1897 in Paris. The opera title comes from the tenth month of the French Republican Calendar.
Although initially successful, the popularity of Messidor was adversely affected by the Dreyfus Affair which was occurring at the time of the opera's premiere. Because both Bruneau and his good friend Zola were active supporters of Alfred Dreyfus during his trial for treason, the French public did not welcome the composer's music for several years afterward. "Adieux du berger" and "Chanson du semeur" (from act II) and the prelude to act IV remained popular, though.
The collaborations between Bruneau and Zola, of which Messidor is the most notable, were considered an attempt at a French alternative to the Italian verismo movement in opera.
Roles
Synopsis
Set in Ariège, a region in the south-west of France, the opera tells the story of a greedy peasant, Gaspard, who has appropriated for himself a gold-bearing stream, which had previously provided income for the entire community. His daughter, Hélène, and Guillaume, a young and virtuous man, fall in love, but Guillaume's mother, Véronique, has accused Gaspard of murdering her husband. Ultimately Gaspard's mining operation fails, and his cousin Mathias is found to be the real murderer.
Vocal score
The vocal score was published in 1897 and is now available online Messidor, at IMSLP.
Notes and references
Operas
1897 operas
French-language operas
Operas by Alfred Bruneau
Operas set in France
An inkhorn term is a loanword, or a word coined from existing roots, which is deemed to be unnecessary or overly pretentious.
Etymology
An inkhorn is an inkwell made of horn. It was an important item for many scholars, which soon became symbolic of writers in general. Later, it became a byword for fussy or pedantic writers. The phrase "inkhorn term" is found as early as 1553.
Adoption
Controversy over inkhorn terms was rife from the mid-16th to the mid-17th century, during the transition from Middle English to Modern English, when English competed with Latin as the main language of science and learning in England, having just displaced French. Many words, often self-consciously borrowed from classical literature, were deemed useless by critics who argued that the understanding of these redundant borrowings depends on knowledge of classical languages. Some borrowings filled a technical or scientific semantic gap, but others coexisted with Germanic words, often overtaking them.
Writers such as Thomas Elyot and George Pettie were enthusiastic borrowers whereas Thomas Wilson and John Cheke opposed borrowing. Cheke wrote:
Many of these so-called inkhorn terms, such as dismiss, celebrate, encyclopedia, commit, capacity and ingenious, stayed in the language. Many other neologisms faded soon after they were first used; for example, expede is now obsolete, although the synonym expedite and the similar word impede survive. Faced with the influx of loanwords, writers as well known as Charles Dickens tried to either resurrect English words, e.g. gleeman for musician (see glee), sicker for certainly, inwit for conscience, yblent for confused; or coin brand-new words from English's Germanic roots (endsay for conclusion, yeartide for anniversary, foresayer for prophet).
Legacy
Few of these words coined in opposition to inkhorn terms remained in common usage, and the writers who disdained the use of Latinate words often could not avoid using other loanwords. Although the inkhorn controversy was over by the end of the 17th century, many writers sought to return to what they saw as the purer roots of the language. William Barnes coined words, such as starlore for astronomy and speechcraft for grammar, but they were not widely accepted.
George Orwell famously analysed and criticised the socio-political effects of the use of such words:
See also
Aureation
Calque
Classical compound
Franglais
Plain language
Prestige (sociolinguistics)
Uncleftish Beholding
References
Further reading
Original texts from the inkhorn debate
Word coinage
Linguistic purism
History of the English language
Historical linguistics
Li Shizhou (; born 27 November 1995 in Dalian) is a Chinese footballer who plays for China League Two side Wuxi Wugou.
Club career
In 2013, Li Shizhou started his professional footballer career with Liaoning Youth in the China League Two. He transferred to Chinese Super League club Jiangsu Sainty in 2014. On 13 September 2014, Li made his debut for Jiangsu in the 2014 Chinese Super League against Beijing Guoan, coming on as a substitute for Ji Xiang in the 92nd minute. He was sent to the reserved team in 2015 and 2017. In June 2016, Li was loaned to China League Two side Shenyang Urban until 31 December 2016.
On 9 February 2018, Li was loaned to China League One side Zhejiang Yiteng until 31 December 2018.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2019.
References
External links
Li Shizhou at Worldfootball.net
1995 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Dalian
Jiangsu F.C. players
Liaoning Shenyang Urban F.C. players
Zhejiang Yiteng F.C. players
Taizhou Yuanda F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
China League Two players
Association football defenders
Richard Muir may refer to:
Richard David Muir (1857–1924), British lawyer
Richard Ernest Muir (born 1943), British landscape archaeologist
See also
Dick Muir, South African rugby union player
Rohan Veal is a specialist in the International Moth Class dinghy he was heavily involved in the class transition to the use of hydrofoils. In 2005 and 2007 following Moth World Championship success he was shortlisted by the International Sailing Federation for the ISAF World Sailor of the Year Awards.
External links
1977 births
Living people
Australian sailors
Highway 304 is a national highway of Thailand, leading from the Bangkok suburb city of Pak Kret to Nakhon Ratchasima in the country's Northeast. It forms the main link between the eastern and northeastern regions, and is one of the major alternative routes into the Northeast (the main route from Bangkok being Mittraphap Road, Highway 2).
The highway is known by several names along its route. Chaeng Watthana Road () begins at Pak Kret in Nonthaburi Province, and leads eastward (and slightly south) to Lak Si Monument in Bangkok's Bang Khen District, where it crosses Phahon Yothin Road and from there becomes known as Ram Inthra Road (, also spelled Ramindra) until it reaches Min Buri in Bangkok's eastern fringes. It then becomes known as Suwinthawong Road () towards the town of Chachoengsao. From there, it continues mostly northeastward through the eastern province of the same name, past the town of Phanom Sarakham, then enters Prachin Buri Province where it crosses Highway 33 at Kabin Buri town. It then leads north, crossing the Sankamphaeng Mountains through a pass between Khao Yai and Thap Lan national parks into Nakhon Ratchasima Province. There, it passes through Wang Nam Khio and Pak Thong Chai districts before joining Mittraphap Road as it enters the city of Nakhon Ratchasima. Part of the highway is designated as Asian Highway 19.
The road was constructed in segments. The Chaeng Watthana and Suwinthawong sections were named in 1950, while the section from Chachoengsao to Nakhon Ratchasima (originally designated Highway 23) was built from 1941, and was initially unpaved. The Kabin Buri–Nakhon Ratchasima section was built and paved from 1965 to 1968 with assistance from the United States Army to support the USAF bases in Thailand during the Vietnam War. The road, which cuts through the Dong Phayayen–Khao Yai Forest Complex World Heritage Site, underwent expansion into a four-lane highway from 2015 to 2018, which included the construction of bridges and underpasses to serve as wildlife corridors, the first in Thailand.
References
National highways in Thailand
Black Bear Resort is located in the South Eastern Corner of Idaho in Bear Lake County, about north of Salt Lake City, UT and about south of Jackson Hole, WY. The project originally began in 2002 with an initial plan to develop land adjacent to the Caribou Targhee forest service boundary into parcels with individual wells. In 2004 the Idaho Department of Water Resources adopted a water mitigation plan allowing the transfer of water rights from one property in a county to another. This single act provided the opportunity to secure ample water for a high density housing project like Black Bear Resort. However, on January 31, 2011, the Idaho Department of Water Resources denied Black Bear Resort's application for water use (see reference in "History" section, below).
Overview
This resort development proposal is based on three distinct village communities all on or adjacent to Bear Lake. As planned, the development of Black Bear Resort is moving according to three schedules.
The Mountain Community is the farthest along. The entire have been rezoned from agricultural to large scale development. The Mountain Community Conceptual Master Plan and the Preliminary Plat for Phase I have been submitted and approved by the Bear Lake County Commission. Engineering and other work to achieve entitlement for all Phase I properties and the legal right to sell in the open market is underway. Tom Weiskopf has designed a signature golf course, which has been surveyed onto the mountain plateau. Seven of eighteen holes plus the teaching facility have been cut and initial work is underway on the remaining holes. Main roads have been graded and packed with road base, ready for paving. The first alpine ski runs at the North Face and Cassidy's have been defined. Custom home sites and development super pads have been surveyed onto the site. Based on approval of Final Plat, Phase I properties in the Mountain Community will be released in stages.
The Ranches Community is the second of three parts to move toward County approval. It will consist of four to ranch sites. It will be linked to the Mountain Community via US Highway 89 and U. S. Forest Service trails open to ATV, snowmobile, horse and foot traffic. Eight hundred ninety six (896) acres of mountain land have been acquired and another nine hundred (900) are under a BLM Use Permit. Development designs are now underway and documentation is being prepared for submittal to the Bear Lake County Planning and Zoning Commission.
The Lake Community is still conceptual in nature. Plans include members of the resort having access to all three communities regardless of where their private property is located inside the resort.
History
References
Geography of Bear Lake County, Idaho
is a JR East railway station in the city of Daisen, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Mineyoshikawa Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 265.4 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station.
Station layout
Mineyoshikawa Station consists of a two opposed side platforms connected by a footbridge, although the platform next to the station building is now reserved for through traffic for the Akita Shinkansen. The station is staffed.
Platforms
History
Mineyoshikawa Station began as on December 20, 1924 on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), serving the village of Yoshikawa. It was elevated to a full station on June 21, 1930. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed in February 2004.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 67 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
References
External links
JR East Station information
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1930
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Ōu Main Line
Daisen, Akita
SAY Magazine is Indigenous lifestyle Magazine, publishing stories about Indigenous Peoples predominantly in North America. The magazine was started in 2002, and focuses on telling positive stories about Indigenous people, organizations, and communities. As a bi-monthly publication, it is published six times per year. SAY Magazine is a contemporary lifestyle publication that celebrates First Nations, Métis and Inuit ingenuity by sharing success stories and stories of resilience. It is a variety publication that covers multiple topic areas including business, education, culture and language, law and justice, arts and entertainment, sports and wellness, as well as grassroots community initiatives.
In addition to 4 seasonal issues, SAY Magazine publishes a post-secondary Indigenous Education Guide provided free of charge to secondary schools to help guide students in their higher education choices.
Leslie Lounsbury, Métis, founded SAY (Spirit of Aboriginal Youth) Magazine in 2002. Originally from Wabowden, (Manitoba, Canada) Lounsbury spent much of her life working to develop meaningful partnerships and to enhance the lives of Indigenous Peoples across North America, spreading messages of hope and resilience with the promise of reaching the next generation of healers and leaders through SAY Magazine. Leslie Lounsbury passed into the spirit world on May 27, 2018. She will always be remembered as a pioneer for the work she has done in her life as a teacher and as a publisher.
References
External links
saymag.com – official website
First Nations magazines
Magazines established in 2002
Magazines published in Manitoba
Mass media in Winnipeg
Quarterly magazines published in Canada
Youth magazines published in Canada
Ralph Andrew Knibbs is an English former rugby union player who played for Bristol.
Rugby career
He made his debut as a seventeen-year-old against Pontypridd RFC in 1982, scoring with his first touch of the ball. Knibbs had a repertoire of running angles and scored many individual tries in his Bristol career which lasted until 1996. He played in the 1983 cup final as an eighteen-year-old, and represented Gloucestershire in all their games in the 1982/83 championship-winning campaign. He was also an accomplished basketball player, athlete and American football player before his rugby career. He played for the South West Division, England under-23s, and the England Sevens.
He turned down the chance to go on the 1984 England rugby union tour of South Africa, because of his opposition to apartheid. He also declared himself unavailable for 1988 England rugby union tour of Australia and Fiji, due to work commitments, making him one of the only players ever to turn down England national rugby union team twice. Despite this, Knibbs made 436 appearances for Bristol, scoring 123 tries, and was vice-captain during the centenary season. He later captained Clifton Rugby Football Club where he ended his career.
On 18 February 2007 Knibbs was also named in The Sunday Times top 10 centres of time along with names such as Brian O'Driscoll and Simon Halliday by Bath rival Jeremy Guscott who described Knibbs as being "silky and absolutely superb" and whom admitted it was a "crying shame he never won an England cap".
2016 attempted murder
On 22 March 2016 Knibbs was a victim of attempted murder by transgender fell runner Lauren Jeska. Knibbs was stabbed several times in the head and neck by Jeska in a "premeditated and savage attack" at Alexander Stadium, in Birmingham. This resulted in life threatening injuries and Knibbs suffering a stroke. The attack occurred in the context of a planned review of Jeska's status as a female athlete because of the fact she had been born a man. Jeska admitted attempted murder and was jailed for 18 years.
Knibbs suffered long-term nerve damage from the attack and the life-saving surgery he underwent afterwards. The stroke he suffered caused sight loss in both eyes and temporarily blinded him in one eye. He also has limited movement and difficulty eating owing to the severed nerves and is disabled.
References
1964 births
Living people
Bristol Bears players
English people with disabilities
English rugby union players
English victims of crime
Gloucestershire County RFU players
Rugby union players from Bristol
Rugby union centres
3-Deoxy-D-pentulosonic acid aldolase may refer to:
2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-pentonate aldolase, an enzyme
2-dehydro-3-deoxy-L-pentonate aldolase, an enzyme
Alruba, a name derived from Arabic for "the foal", is a suspected astrometric binary star system in the northern circumpolar constellation of Draco. It is just barely visible to the naked eye as a dim point of light with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.76. Based on parallax measurements obtained during the Gaia mission, it is located at a distance of about from the Sun. The system is drifting closer with a radial velocity of −2 km/s.
The visible component is an A-type main-sequence star with a stellar classification of A0 V. It is about 58 million years old with three times the mass of the Sun and has a high rate of spin, showing a projected rotational velocity of 170 km/s. The star is radiating 147 times the luminosity of the Sun from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 9,226 K. The system is a source for X-ray emission, which is most likely coming from the unseen companion.
Nomenclature
In the Henry Draper catalogue this system has the designation HD 161693, while it has the identifier HR 6618 in the Bright Star Catalogue.
It bore the traditional Arabic name الربع Al Rubaʽ "the foal" (specifically a young camel born in the spring), a member of the Mother Camels asterism in early Arabic astronomy.
In 2016, the International Astronomical Union organized a Working Group on Star Names (WGSN) to catalogue and standardize proper names for stars. The WGSN approved the name Alruba for this star on 1 June 2018 and it is now so entered on the List of IAU-approved Star Names.
References
A-type main-sequence stars
Draco (constellation)
161693
086782
6618
Stars with proper names
Durchmusterung objects
Sleeping in the Aviary was an indie rock band established in Madison, Wisconsin, but which was based in the Twin Cities area of Minnesota at the time they broke up in 2012. Their musical style has been compared to that of "early XTC and Talking Heads," Violent Femmes, Nirvana, Neutral Milk Hotel, and Bon Iver.
History
The band's two core members were guitarist-vocalist Elliott Kozel and bassist Phil Mahlstadt. They formed Sleeping in the Aviary in 2003 in Madison, where it played its first show in the spring of 2004. They cycled through several additional members before deciding on drummer Michael Sienkowski as their band's third member. Kozel has offered conflicting explanations for the origin of the band's name, such as that he came up with it after his uncle sent him a bottle of Australian cologne by the same name, or that it, in his words, "came from a sexual experience our guitar player Porkchop [referring to Kyle Sobczak] had as a 12-year-old boy." Celeste Heule, an accordion and musical saw player, joined the band in 2008. Also that year, Kozel moved from Madison to Minneapolis. Late in 2010, after their third album, Great Vacation! was released, Kozel and his girlfriend parted ways, and several months later, he said he was planning for their next album to be a breakup record replete with “fuzzed-out, doo-wop music”.
The band went on tour for nearly two months at the start of 2011. Later that year, they promoted their fourth album, You and Me, Ghost, by making a 13-minute infomercial described by the Minnesota Daily as "a tongue-in-cheek homage to all those late night advertisements you've probably fallen asleep to once or twice." Fancy Ray McCloney appears in the video. Also in 2011, while the band was breaking up, Kozel formed a side project called Tickle Torture. His first release as Tickle Torture was an EP entitled Spiritual Machine, released in 2012, which was followed by the release of another EP, Spectrophilia, in 2014. Kozel has described Tickle Torture as "like if Prince and Justin Timberlake were [having sex] in a dumpster."
Reception
KCMP has described Sleeping in the Aviary's music as "energetic pop-rock". A Punknews.org reviewer described the band's debut album, Oh, This Old Thing?, as "snotty, fuck-all lo-fi power-pop," while Wisconsin Public Television described their style as "country-punk-rock." Reviewers have also noted that Sleeping in the Aviary's music resembles that of the 1950s and 60's, and have compared the music on their fourth album, "You and Me, Ghost," to The Clean, the Knack, and Guided by Voices. A Minnesota Daily review of You and Me, Ghost wrote that "Perhaps Sleeping in the Aviary's most commendable feat is their ability to take some of the most basic elements of early rock ‘n' roll and mold their music into something that sounds entirely original" and concluded that the band was "this city's best-kept secret" [referring to Minneapolis].
Influence
Caroline Smith of Caroline Smith and the Good Night Sleeps has named Kozel as someone she respects because, Smith says, he is so hardworking.
Discography
Oh, This Old Thing? (2007)
Expensive Vomit in a Cheap Hotel (2008)
Great Vacation! (2010)
You and Me, Ghost (2011)
References
Musical groups from Wisconsin
Musical groups from Minnesota
Musical groups established in 2003
American indie rock groups
2003 establishments in Wisconsin
Musical groups disestablished in 2012
Eric van der Kleij is a British entrepreneur who led the Level39 Fintech Accelerator programme for Canary Wharf Group plc from March 2013 to January 2016.
Early life and career
Van der Kleij was born and raised in South Africa, and moved to the United Kingdom at the age of 15. His interest in technology was sparked when his brother bought him a Sinclair ZX81 as a teenager. Deciding that he lacked the technical skill to be a programmer, van der Kleij went on to study business, after which he began a career in technology by commissioning software for golf clubs to keep track of their membership. Van der Kleij became a "serial entrepreneur", creating several telecommunications companies. His first major success began with an Internet call-back business, named RealCall, which allowed advertisers to place a link in their advertisement which clients would click to receive a phone call from the advertiser. The service failed to take off, but from it, van der Kleij developed a business which alerted consumers to possible credit card fraud, which became known as Adeptra. Adeptra expanded into the United States in 2000, which required van der Kleij to raise £30 million in funding. After leaving the company in 2006, van der Kleij was approached by the British Government to assist in the set-up of its Global Entrepreneur Programme—an initiative to help UK-based technology companies expand and globalise their business.
Tech City
In 2011 British Prime Minister David Cameron announced a plan to make the United Kingdom a global leader in number of technology startups, with the creation of Tech City, designed to compete with Silicon Valley. Eric van der Kleij was appointed to take charge of the enterprise.
References
British businesspeople
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Stigmata is a 1999 American supernatural horror film directed by Rupert Wainwright and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was written by Tom Lazarus and Rick Ramage. Its story follows an atheist hairdresser from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, who is afflicted with stigmata after acquiring a rosary formerly owned by a deceased Italian priest who himself had suffered from the phenomenon. It stars Patricia Arquette, Gabriel Byrne, Jonathan Pryce, Nia Long, and Rade Šerbedžija.
The film was produced by FGM Entertainment and was released on September 10, 1999. It grossed $18.3 million during its opening weekend and $89.4 million worldwide, against a budget of $29 million. It received generally negative reviews and has a 22% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Despite its negative reviews, Stigmata more than tripled its budget.
Plot
In the Brazilian village of Belo Quinto, Father Andrew Kiernan, a former scientist and a Jesuit priest who investigates supposed miracles, examines a statue of the Virgin Mary weeping blood at the funeral of Father Paulo Alameida, who had previously experienced stigmata. While Andrew is collecting evidence, a young boy steals a rosary from the father's hand. The boy later sells it to a woman in a marketplace, who sends it to her daughter, Frankie Paige, living in Pittsburgh.
Shortly afterward, Frankie is attacked by an unseen force while bathing, and receives two deep wounds on her wrists. As the wounds are treated, doctors cannot find the cause. Frankie asks a priest if he is Andrew Kiernan, the scientist, priest and investigator. When the priest says he is Father Derning, the lights in the train flash and Frankie is whipped from behind by an unseen force. While Frankie is hospitalized again, the priest sends security tapes showing the attack to the Vatican, and Andrew is sent to investigate.
Andrew interviews Frankie, believing her wounds may also be stigmata. When she tells him she is an atheist, Andrew tells her that stigmata is when the deeply devoted are struck with the five wounds that Jesus received during the crucifixion. Frankie begins to research on her own what the cause could be. Her head begins to bleed, the third stigmata wound caused by the Crown of Thorns. Frankie runs home, where Andrew is waiting, and then runs into an alley. As Andrew pursues her, Frankie smashes a glass bottle and uses the shards to carve symbols on the hood of a car: when Andrew approaches her, she yells at him in another language.
Andrew takes Frankie to Father Derning's church, and the Vatican translates what she was yelling in Aramaic. The next morning, Andrew returns to her apartment to find her writing on the wall, now covered in Aramaic. Frankie talks in a male voice, speaking Italian. Wounds appear in her feet, the fourth wound of stigmata. Andrew emails photographs of Frankie's apartment wall to the Vatican, where Brother Delmonico recognizes the words and deletes the pictures. He tells Andrew the words are from a document the church found that looked to be an entirely new gospel. Father Dario shows the pictures to Cardinal Daniel Houseman, who also recognizes them. Delmonico phones Marion Petrocelli and tells him the missing gospel has been found in Pittsburgh.
Andrew goes to Frankie's apartment to find the wall she wrote on painted over, and Frankie attempts to seduce him. When Andrew rejects her, she attacks him and denounces his beliefs in a male voice, ending with Frankie levitating off the bed, crying tears of blood. Houseman and Dario arrive with Derning and take Frankie to another church, sending Andrew to Derning's. At Derning's church, Andrew meets Petrocelli, who tells him the words Frankie has been writing are part of a document found outside Jerusalem they believed to be a gospel in the exact words of Jesus. Petrocelli, Delmonico and Alameida were assigned to translate it, but Houseman ordered them to stop. Alameida refused and stole the document to continue translating it alone, having been excommunicated by Houseman.
Petrocelli tells Andrew that the document was Jesus telling his disciples that the Kingdom of God is in all of us and not confined to churches. Petrocelli tells Andrew that Alameida suffered from stigmata. Andrew races to the church where Frankie is, while Houseman and Dario attempt to perform an exorcism on Frankie. Frankie shouts at them in a male voice, and Houseman attempts to strangle her. Andrew stops him, and the room is set on fire. Now believing Frankie is possessed by Alameida's spirit, Andrew offers to be Alameida's messenger instead. He walks unharmed through the fire to retrieve Frankie, bidding Alameida's spirit to depart in peace. Some time later, Andrew returns to Belo Quinto and finds the original documents for the lost gospel in Alameida's church.
Text just before the end credits describes the discovery of the Gospel of Thomas, stating that the Catholic Church refuses to recognize the document as a gospel and considers it heresy.
Cast
Patricia Arquette as Frankie Paige
Gabriel Byrne as Father Andrew Kiernan
Jonathan Pryce as Cardinal Daniel Houseman
Nia Long as Donna Chadway
Rade Šerbedžija as Marion Petrocelli
Enrico Colantoni as Father Dario
Jack Donner as Father Paulo Alameida
Thomas Kopache as Father Durning
Dick Latessa as Father Gianni Delmonico
Portia de Rossi as Jennifer Kelliho
Patrick Muldoon as Steven
Ann Cusack as Dr. Reston
Production
Development was first announced in January 1998, when Frank Mancuso Jr. announced his intention to produce a supernatural thriller helmed by Rupert Wainwright
Reception
Box office
Stigmata, produced on a $29 million budget, premièred at the box office in the number one position, earning $18.3 million in its first weekend, becoming the first film in five weekends to outgross The Sixth Sense at the box office. In the United States, Stigmata earned $50,046,268. Internationally the film earned $39,400,000 for a total worldwide gross $89,446,268.
Critical response
The film received poor reviews. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 22% approval rating, based on 91 reviews (20 positive, 71 negative). The website's consensus reads, "The story is unconvincing and the acting is weak."
Roger Ebert called it "possibly the funniest movie ever made about Catholicism — from a theological point of view." Gabriel Byrne was nominated for a Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor for his performances in both this film and End of Days, where he lost to Ahmed Best as Jar Jar Binks in Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace.
Release
Scream Factory released the film on May 19, 2015 for the first time on Blu-ray.
References
External links
1999 films
1999 horror films
1990s psychological thriller films
American supernatural horror films
American psychological horror films
American horror thriller films
Aramaic-language films
Films scored by Billy Corgan
Films about exorcism
Films about religion
Films critical of the Catholic Church
Films directed by Rupert Wainwright
Films scored by Elia Cmíral
Films set in Brazil
Films set in Pittsburgh
Religious horror films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Samuel ben Hayyim Vital (1598 – 1677) was a Kabalist born in Damascus in the latter half of the sixteenth century. While still young he married a daughter of Isaiah Pinto, rabbi of Damascus. Poverty compelled him to emigrate to Egypt, where, through the influence of prominent men, he was placed in charge of the cabalistic society Tiḳḳune ha-Teshubah. After a brief residence there he went to Safed, where he instructed the physician Jacob Zemah in Kabala. In the middle of the 17th century he returned to Egypt, where he died.
Samuel Vital was the author of both cabalistic and rabbinical works. Among the former may be noted the Shemonah She'arim, an introduction to the Cabala, later embodied in the Eẓ Ḥayyim (Zolkiev, 1772; Korzec, 1785). Among his unpublished writings mention may be made of his Sefer Toẓe'ot Ḥayyim, a commentary on the Bible, and his Sefer Ta'alumot Ḥokmah, on the Cabala.
Jewish Encyclopedia bibliography
Moritz Steinschneider, Cat. Bodl. cols. 834–835, 2495;
David Conforte, Ḳore ha-Dorot, pp. 40b, 42a, 49b;
Azulai, Shem ha-Gedolim;
Giovanni Bernardo De Rossi, Dizionario
Kohn (Kahana), Eben Negef, Vienna, 1874;
Fuenn, Keneset Yisrael;
Benjacob, Oẓar ha-Sefarim;
Julius Fürst, Bibl. Jud. iii. 479–482.
References
People from Damascus
Kabbalists
Egyptian Sephardi Jews
Sephardi Jews in Ottoman Syria
Bible commentators
17th-century rabbis of the Ottoman Empire
1598 births
1677 deaths
Rabbis in Safed
Árran is the Lule Sámi center in the village of Drag in Hamarøy Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. The center was established in 1994 to foster and promote the Lule Sámi language and culture. It does this by arranging on-site and video conference courses in Lule Sámi, publishing books, and doing research. The center has a museum, a souvenir shop, and a Lule Sámi day-care center on its premises. One of the major projects that it was involved with was the Lule Sámi on-line course Sámasta and soon it will be publishing a Norwegian–Lule Sámi dictionary.
Since 1999, Árran has published the popular scientific journal Bårjås, which is published in Lule Sámi and Norwegian/Swedish. The latter articles have summaries of the topic in Lule Sámi.
References
External links
Árran
Lule Sámi
Lule Sámi people
Sámi in Norway
Hamarøy
Beeroth (; Be'erot, lit. "wells"; in LXX ) was a Biblical city seven miles northwest of Jerusalem. The city was an ancient Hivite settlement, and is mentioned in Joshua 9:17, 18:25, 2 Samuel 4:2-3, Ezra 2:25 and Nehemiah 7:29. Another town named Beeroth is mentioned in Deuteronomy 10:6.
Identification
Because there are no known ruins for Beeroth, the location of the city is disputed. The most noted source materials are the texts of the Bible, the Onomastikon of Eusebius, the annotations of this same text by Jerome, and the Madaba Map The distance Eusebius gives puts Beeroth somewhere between modern Biddu and Nebi Samwil. The city was part of an Hivite confederacy under the apparent rule of Gibeon, "a royal city" that sued for peace after the Hebrews destroyed Jericho and Ai as described in Joshua 9. Later much of the area taken in this initial campaign (including Beeroth) was given to Benjamin as inheritance in Joshua 18. Beeroth may have been the place to which Gideon's youngest son, Joatham or Jotham, fled to escape from Abimelech after his 69 brothers had been killed (Judges 9:21).
The town was then inhabited until the Babylonian captivity in 586 BCE, and the people of this town returned to the area 70 years later than referenced in Ezra and Nehemiah. Whether they re-built and inhabited the town is not described in the text.
Edward Robinson in the early 19th century thought Al-Bireh was the site of Be'eroth, but modern scholars believe Be'eroth should be identified with Khirbet el-Burj near Beit Iksa. Other scholars suggested that it may be modern Biddu, or slightly east of Biddu.
See also
Cities in the Book of Joshua
References
Hebrew Bible cities
Canaanite cities
Eldev Coal Mine () is in Dalanjargalan sum (district) of Dornogovi Province in South-Eastern Mongolia. This mine is 21 km N from sum center (Olon Ovoo railway station of the Trans-Mongolian Railway) and 300 km SE of Mongolian capital Ulan Bator.
Eldev mine is operated by Mongolyn Alt Corporation (MAK) LLC, a mining and processing company of Mongolia. Annual production rate is of bituminous coal marketed domestically and abroad to China via railroad.
Major customers of the Eldev coal mine in Mongolia:
- Erdenet Mining Corporation
- Khutul Cement & Lime Plant
- Darkhan Metallurgical Plant
- Ulaanbaatar Railway JV, an operator of the Trans-Mongolian Railway
- Darkhan City Power Plant
References
Eldev Coal Mine owners web site accessed 10 October 2017
Coal mines in Mongolia
Surface mines in Mongolia
Çörüş is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Aadyakiranangal is a 1964 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. Bhaskaran. The film stars Sathyan, Madhu, Ambika and K. R. Vijaya, with a musical score by K. Raghavan. The film won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam. It was based on a novel by K. E. Mathai.
Cast
Sathyan as Kunjukutty
Madhu as Pappachan
Ambika as Gracy
K. R. Vijaya as Marykutty
Adoor Bhasi as Krishnan Ashan
Jose Prakash as Damodaran
P. J. Antony as Kariyachan
T. R. Omana as Pennukunju
Gopi
Thoppil Bhasi as Pulayan
Adoor Pankajam as Kunjeli
Bahadoor as Velu
Elizabeth as Eliyamma
Haji Abdul Rahman as Appukuttan
Kambissery Karunakaran as Kuttichan
Kedamangalam Ali as Kuriachan
Kunjandi as Paappi
Kuthiravattam Pappu
Master Ajith P Bhaskaran as Joyimon
Philomina as Annamma
S. P. Pillai as Avaran
Sunny as Sunny
Vasu Pradeep as Thevan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. Raghavan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films based on Indian novels
Films with screenplays by Thoppil Bhasi
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
The Adventures of Maddog Williams in the Dungeons of Duridian is a 1992 video game developed by Game Crafter. The game is a cross between a text adventure and a role-playing game in which the player assumes the role of Maddog Williams, a shopkeeper and inventor from the seaside town of Marinor.
Maddog Williams was released on Amiga, Atari ST and DOS and a sequel was planned for release titled Escape from Cylindria. Currently the game is freely available for download from the developers' website.
Gameplay
Players control the eponymous Maddog Williams and must guide him through eight quests. The quest begins in Maddog's home; the player is able to explore before gradually finding clues on how to progress further due to the relatively non-linear nature of the game compared to other adventures. The game's environments house objects to manipulate and non-player characters to converse with for information, as well as enemies who can be vanquished through combat.
References
External links
Game Crafters homepage
1992 video games
Adventure games
Amiga games
Atari ST games
DOS games
Video games developed in the United States
Chitwoodchabaudiidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Chitwoodchabaudia Puylaert, 1970
References
Nematodes
Johannes Lambrechts "Janro" van Niekerk (born 5 November 1982) is a South African rugby union footballer. His regular playing position is loosehead prop. He represented between 2006 and 2011 and between 2012 and 2014.
After Van Niekerk's Griquas contract expired at the conclusion of the 2014 Currie Cup Premier Division, Van Niekerk moved back to Paarl to pursue a work opportunity.
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1982 births
Afrikaner people
South African people of Dutch descent
South African rugby union players
Rugby union props
Griquas (rugby union) players
Boland Cavaliers players
Rugby union players from Worcester, South Africa
Terry Starr (born March 1951) is a Tsimshian Nation artist from the Gispaxlo'ots tribe of British Columbia, Canada.
Early years
Starr's mother was from Kitsumkalum of the Eagle Clan, and his father was from Lax Kw'alaams, or the town of Port Simpson of the Killerwhale clan. His predominant family crest is the Eagle on his mother's side, while his sub crest is the Killerwhale on his father's.
Alu'-Alums or 'Crying for or longing after something or someone' Starr was given this childhood name when he was six years old by the Chief of the Tribe when his grandfather died. Thla-enak or 'It's been a long time' - his adult name was given to him by the acting Chief when Starr returned to the village after a long absence.
Career
Subsequent to completing a college business course in 1982, Starr purchased two adzes and three knives, his first carving tools. Tim Paul of the Nuu-chah-nulth Nation and Richard Hunt of the Kwakwaka'wakw people were among the first to influence Starr on the basic techniques of carving wood. Their ancestral styles greatly influence the artwork that he creates today. In 1984, he sat and learned carving techniques from Richard Hunt, master Kwagiulth artist at Thunderbird Park and the Royal British Columbia Museum in Victoria, British Columbia.
Starr is best known for his masks reflecting the traditional pigments and form lines of his ancestry. He usually paints only a portion of his masks to deliberately reveal the fluid grain of the wood. His pieces can be found in many local and international collections. For example, the Paul and Joan Gluck Collection of Native Arts contains more than 200 art pieces collected for more than 20 years and is considered one of the largest in the world. Starr was featured in an exhibit at one of the largest historical museums in the United States, the Historical Museum of Southern Florida.
On two separate occasions Starr has been contracted to construct a full-scale replicas of a traditional Tsimshian bighouse. For both of these projects, he was responsible for hiring and training a crew of carvers. One was for the Canadian Museum of Civilization in Gatineau, Quebec, and the other was onsite at the Port Simpson village where he grew up.
Selected exhibitions
1987 Hands of Creation, Inuit Gallery, Vancouver, BC
1989 Masks: An Exhibition of Northwest Coast Masks, Inuit Gallery, Vancouver, BC
1990 Painted Drums of the Northwest Coast, Inuit Gallery, Vancouver, BC
1993 Changing Faces, Stonington Gallery, Seattle, WA
1994 Life of the Copper: A Commonwealth of Tribal Nations, Alcheringa Gallery, Victoria, BC
References
1951 births
Living people
20th-century First Nations people
Artists from British Columbia
First Nations painters
People from the North Coast Regional District
Tsimshian woodcarvers
Akören is a village in the Kemer district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Kemer District, Burdur
Gary Slater, (born 15 May 1961), is a British sports journalist, who has worked for The Daily Telegraph and The Times. As a Warrington Wolves historian he has written several books for the popular rugby league football club. In 2014 he was the ghostwriter for an autobiography of Mike Nicholas, a former rugby league footballer.
Personal life
Gary grew up in Penketh, Warrington with three siblings (Mark Slater, Julie Slater and Neil Slater). He studied at Penketh High School then went to university at the Imperial College London. Gary had four sons with his first wife Jane Slater including Jack Slater (Digital Media Designer).
Societies
Gary joined the Labour Party (UK) in 1978 and is now a member of the Warrington South CLP. He is also a member of the National Union of Journalists, the Rugby League Writers' Association and Camra (the Campaign for Real Ale).
Career
Gary began work as a journalist in Warrington at the Warrington Guardian where he became deputy sports editor. In 1996 Gary started work for The Daily Telegraph at Canada Place in Canary Wharf, London. He left the Telegraph Media Group in 2017 and started working for The Times. Aside from Gary's work as a journalist, he has also written seven books about the Warrington Wolves Rugby League football club and former players and was part of the team who created the Warrington Wolves Heritage Wall at the Halliwell Jones Stadium in 2013.
Publications
Warrington Rugby League Club - Images of Sport (2000)
Warrington Rugby League Football Club 100 Greats (2002)
So Close to Glory: Warrington Rugby League Football Club 1919 to 1939 (2008)
The Warrington Wolves Miscellany (2012)
Jack Fish: A Rugby League Superstar (2012)
From Swn-Y-Mor to Seattle: Nicko's Rugby Odyssey (2014)
Wire till I die: My life in rugby league (2016)
References
1961 births
People from Warrington
British sports journalists
Living people
Alumni of Imperial College London
Krogulcza Mokra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Krogulcza Mokra
Juda is an unincorporated census-designated place located in the town of Jefferson, in Green County, Wisconsin, United States. Juda is 5 miles east of Monroe along Wisconsin State Highway 11, and 81. As of the 2010 census, its population was 357.
On March 30, 1967, nine students from Juda's Union High School, all girls, were killed when a Delta Air Lines DC-8 jet crashed into the motel where they had been staying during a senior class trip to New Orleans, Louisiana.
Notable people
Charle Newman, baseball player
Gabriel Zophy, Wisconsin politician
Education
The Juda School District is located in Juda.
References
Census-designated places in Wisconsin
Census-designated places in Green County, Wisconsin
Glaphyria peremptalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Massachusetts, North Carolina and Texas.
The wingspan is about 13 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in May and from August to September.
References
Moths described in 1878
Glaphyriini
"In Camelot" is the 59th episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the seventh of the show's fifth season. Written by Terence Winter and directed by Steve Buscemi, it originally aired on April 18, 2004.
Starring
James Gandolfini as Tony Soprano
Lorraine Bracco as Dr. Jennifer Melfi
Edie Falco as Carmela Soprano
Michael Imperioli as Christopher Moltisanti
Dominic Chianese as Corrado Soprano, Jr.
Steven Van Zandt as Silvio Dante
Tony Sirico as Paulie Gualtieri *
Robert Iler as Anthony Soprano, Jr.
Jamie-Lynn Sigler as Meadow Soprano
Drea de Matteo as Adriana La Cerva *
Aida Turturro as Janice Soprano Baccalieri
Steven R. Schirripa as Bobby Baccalieri
Vincent Curatola as Johnny Sack
John Ventimiglia as Artie Bucco
Kathrine Narducci as Charmaine Bucco
Steve Buscemi as Tony Blundetto
* = credit only
Guest starring
Jerry Adler as Hesh Rabkin
Also guest starring
Synopsis
Tony's Aunt Concetta dies. After the funeral, Tony happens to meet Fran Felstein, his father's longtime comàre, at his father's grave. They continue to meet, and Tony learns more about his father from her. He learns that, pressured by his mother Livia, his father took his childhood dog Tippy away; he gave it to Fran, and it became her son's dog. Fran also remembers Junior who, she says, almost used to stalk her; Junior tells Tony he loved her but was not bold enough to tell her. Fran also tells Tony about a one-time fling with President John F. Kennedy.
Tony and Fran tour a midget car racetrack in New Egypt; she has explained that Tony's father had promised to leave her a share of the racetrack, but that Phil and Hesh Rabkin cheated her out of it. Tony undertakes to collect the money on her behalf and has a sitdown with Phil and Hesh, mediated by Johnny. While Hesh agrees to pay, Phil objects to paying 25% and delays payment. When Tony spots him in the street, there is a car chase that ends with Phil crashing into a truck. Later, Tony is able to collect $150,000 for Fran.
Junior, with his mental health and memory now improved due to new medication, says he is going stir crazy while still under house arrest. He begins going to every funeral he can, even when he knows the deceased only slightly, just to get out of the house. However, at the funeral of Concetta's husband, who died shortly after his wife, Junior begins crying uncontrollably and has to be helped away by Bobby and Janice. Junior later breaks down in his physician's office when he mentions the lack of purpose in his life.
Christopher begins to spend time with J.T. Dolan, a television screenwriter he met in rehab. The two offer to support one another when they get the urge to use. After he loses a sports bet to J.T., Chris introduces him to the family's high-stakes poker games. J.T. runs up $60,000 in debt and starts missing payments; Chris and Little Paulie go to his apartment and beat him up. J.T. loses some writing jobs, causing him to turn to heroin. Chris then helps direct him back toward rehab.
Tony's friendship with Fran begins to sour as he learns that his father was often with her when he was needed, including the night Livia was hospitalized for a miscarriage; on that occasion, Tony had to lie to his mother to protect his father. Furthermore, Fran starts to openly disparage Livia to Tony and, after claiming she was broke, buys expensive clothes with the money he obtained for her. Dr. Melfi suggests he could have more sympathy for Livia, forgive her, and forget. Tony remains unsympathetic, saying that Livia did make his father give Tippy away. As the episode closes, Tony starts regaling his buddies at the Bada Bing with exaggerated accounts of Fran's involvement with JFK.
First appearances
J.T. Dolan: Christopher's Alcoholics Anonymous friend, who is also a screenwriter.
Burt Gervasi: Cousin of Carlo Gervasi, and associate in the Soprano Family.
Deceased
This episode had five deaths, the most in the series, although they all happened offscreen and none of them were murders.
Aunt Concetta: died of a heart attack
Vincent Patronella: claimed by Junior to be a distant relation
Mrs. Crilli: sister of Uncle Junior's cousin by marriage
Unnamed Boy: 7 years old, died in a jacuzzi; "son of Sal from the dry-cleaners"
Uncle Nicolo "Zio" Concetta: husband of Concetta
Production
Although the seventh episode of the season, it was produced sixth, due to scheduling availability of previous episode director Peter Bogdanovich, as episode director Steve Buscemi wanted to direct an episode in which his character was minimally featured.
Title reference
Fran Felstein claimed to have had an affair with President John F. Kennedy, whose administration was nicknamed "Camelot."
Connections to prior episodes
JFK's United States Navy uniform hat was also worn by Irina in the series pilot.
Cultural references
The Baccalieri children are watching Beethoven on TV when Tony pays the family a visit.
Aunt Concetta reportedly had a heart attack and died after watching Meet the Press.
During Tony's flashback scene to 1975, his teenage self is watching the Cannon episode "Man in the Middle" when his father calls.
At the reception after Concetta's funeral, Junior wants to sing a song with his table, starting to sing “Volare,” but stops after no one follows along.
J.T. Dolan mentions he wrote for Nash Bridges and That's Life, and Christopher comments he thought the latter show was unrealistic. Christopher also makes disparaging remarks about director Jon Favreau who is featured in the second-season episode "D-Girl."
Dolan says his agent is working to get him a job writing for Law & Order, created by Dick Wolf.
Dolan has a framed poster of Dr. Strangelove hanging in his apartment, which Christopher and Little Paulie later smash over his head when they beat him up.
Dolan later tries to sell his Emmy Award at the pawnshop for some money, but the clerk only offers a few dollars for it, saying it is no Academy Award.
Fran Felstein mentions going to see Enzo Stuarti sing at Manhattan's famous Copacabana in the 1950s.
The racetrack that Tony and Fran visit is referred to in the episode as "Chikamauga Raceway in New Egypt." While scenes at the track were filmed at Riverhead Raceway in Riverhead, New York, New Egypt is home to the New Egypt Speedway.
When Tony shows Fran JFK's hat, she sings "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" by Marilyn Monroe to him.
Dolan plays the computer game Snood on his laptop and mentions Pulp Fiction.
Music
Kylie Minogue's "Can't Get You Out of My Head" is playing when Chris and J.T. are in the gym.
The song playing when Chris and J.T. talk at the Bada Bing is "Tongue" by Johnny Heartsman.
The song blaring from Tony's stereo as he pursues Leotardo is "Rock the Casbah" by The Clash.
When Tony takes Fran Felstein to dinner, the title track from John Coltrane's album My Favorite Things is playing.
The song played at the Bada Bing at the end of the episode, when Tony is exaggerating Fran's exploits with JFK, is "Session" by Linkin Park, from their album Meteora.
The song played over the end credits is "Melancholy Serenade", the theme from The Jackie Gleason Show, which was composed by Gleason. Fran said that Gleason was present at the March 1961 party at which she met President Kennedy. Other references to Gleason are made throughout the show (e.g., at Tony B's homecoming party at the Bing).
During a flashback scene of Johnny Soprano, the song "Misty Blue" by Dorothy Moore is playing in the background.
References
External links
"In Camelot" at HBO
The Sopranos (season 5) episodes
2004 American television episodes
Television episodes about funerals
In phytosociology and community ecology an association is a type of ecological community with a predictable species composition and consistent physiognomy (structural appearance) which occurs in a particular habitat type. The term was first coined by Alexander von Humboldt and formalised by the International Botanical Congress in 1910.
An association can be viewed as a real, integrated entity shaped either by species interactions or by similar habitat requirements, or it can be viewed as merely a common point along a continuum. The former view was championed by American ecologist Frederic Clements, who viewed the association as a whole that was more than the sum of its parts, and by Josias Braun-Blanquet, a Swiss-born phytosociologist. On the other end of the argument was American ecologist Henry Gleason, who saw these groupings of plant species as a coincidence produced by the "fluctuation and fortuitous immigration of plants, and an equally fluctuating and variable environment".
See also
Plant community
Species aggregate
Alliance (taxonomy)
References
Further reading
Community ecology
Habitats
Ecology terminology
Habitat
, born as is a Japanese actor famous for his lead role as Samurai swordsman Akikusa Shintaro in The Samurai (TV series). This series made a huge impact when shown in Australia in 1965. He worked in television from 1958 to 1972 after which he became a businessman. He also became skilled in Iaido, the art of swift sword drawing.
Life
Born in Yokohama, Ose's real name was Kazunari Ose. He graduated from Keio University School of Foreign Languages. In 1952 he joined the Daiei Motion Picture Company (who made Rashomon and Zatoichi among others) and appeared in a number of films.
Career
Ose's career began in 1958 when he starred as the hero in the tokusatsu TV series Gekko Kamen (Moonlight Mask), before landing the leading role as Shintaro in The Samurai.
Ose got the part of Gekko Kamen when producer Shunichi Nishimura went to the Toei movie lot and picked him from some photographs, then interviewed him on the spot. At the time there were three candidates for the part, but the actor needed to have clear-cut features which would be easy to draw so Ose was chosen.
Through Gekko Kamen, Ose gained popularity with children as the mysterious masked hero despite the fact his face was hidden by a mask and his identity kept secret to preserve the mystery. It made a star of Ose and its two theme songs became big hits. He took one character from creator Yasunori Kawauchi's given name and incorporated it in his stage name in recognition of the boost to his career this role gave him. Made by Senkosha Productions it was directed by Funatoko Sadao. Funatoko next directed him in Jaga no me (Eye of the Jaguar) which proved to be another success before his famous role in The Samurai TV series. At the height of his television career he left The Samurai for a film contract. He was replaced by a new star Shinichiro Hayashi who appeared in the new series titled The New Samurai. It was filmed in color, but the dubbed prints were black and white.
After The Samurai, Ose acted in about 20 feature films including some period pieces and gangster films, until his sudden retirement in 1969.
Ose was also a recording artist. One of the singles released in English was called Lonely Night.
Australian tour
The Samurai was the first Japanese produced series shown on Australian television and the Australian press gushed about Ose as Shintaro. Ose toured Australia in December 1965 and appeared in 12 live 90-minute shows in 15 days at the Sydney Stadium and at Festival Hall in Melbourne before returning to Japan. Originally only the Sydney shows were booked, but pressure from Melbourne promoters changed his program. Each show drew more than 6,000 people watching him slay dragons and fight ninjas in performance.
Ose first saw the extent of his popularity when he was mobbed at airports in both Sydney and Melbourne by fans wearing homemade kimono, brandishing ninja stars fashioned from cardboard or tin can lids, and waving Samurai bubble gum wrappers with his picture on them.
Personal life
Ose retired from acting in 1969 and from 1971 he concentrated on managing an acting agency until 1977 when he finally left show business altogether. He ran a promotion and property development company that included a golf course and a chain of noodle shops called "Goninbayashi" (five musical).
Ose married award winning actress, Hizuru Takachiho in April 1964. Born in Kobe, Japan in 1932, Takachiho appeared in 26 films from 1951 until 1969. She won awards for Zero no shoten (Zero Focus) and Haitoku no mesu in 1962. They have one son, Yasuhiro, born in October 1965. Ose had his share of accidents, falling and injuring himself during some swordplay at a theatre. He lives in Tokyo and is an expert in Iaido. He is 5'7" (1.70 m) tall.
Major TV roles
Moonlight Mask (1958–1959)
The Samurai (TV series) (1962–1965)
Eye of the Jaguar (1959)
References
Japanese male actors
People from Yokohama
1937 births
Living people
Kiran Badloe (born 13 September 1994) is a Dutch windsurfer. He won the gold medal in the men's event at the 2019 RS:X World Championships and 2020 RS:X World Championships.
In October 2020, he competed at the iQFoil International Games held at Campione, Lake Garda.
At the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan, he won gold for the Netherlands in windsurfing.
After his Olympic win, Badloe garnered media attention for the distinctive "blue colored arrow haircut" he sported during the competition. The hairstyle was an homage to the cartoon character Aang from the Avatar: The Last Airbender series. Badloe explained the show's connection to his haircut ahead of his medal race:
In March 2022, his portrait was added to a mural in the Schilderswijk neighbourhood of The Hague, Netherlands, alongside other Dutch competitors of the Summer or Winter Olympics and Paralympics held in 2021 and 2022.
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Sportspeople from Almere
Dutch windsurfers
Olympic sailors of the Netherlands
Sailors at the 2020 Summer Olympics – RS:X
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in sailing
RS:X class world champions
Surinamese people of Indian descent
Surinamese Hindus
20th-century Dutch people
21st-century Dutch people
Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 56.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Mount Perren is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1968 after Walter Perren, a Swiss climbing guide and Parks Canada service warden. The peak forms part of the backdrop to Moraine Lake in the Valley of the Ten Peaks of Banff National Park.
Geology
The mountains in Banff Park are composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, the mountain has a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below -20 C with wind chill factors below -30 C in the winter.
Further reading
Dave Birrell, 50 Roadside Panoramas in the Canadian Rockies, P 87
Western Canada, P 279
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
External links
Parks Canada web site: Banff National Park
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Mountains of Banff National Park
Kootenay National Park
Eceköy can refer to:
Eceköy, Bozüyük
Eceköy, Tefenni
Metaxmeste phrygialis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae described by Jacob Hübner in 1976. It is found in mountainous areas of Europe, including the Alps.
The wingspan is about 15 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
External links
UKMoths
Swedish Moths
Odontiini
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1796
Dzierzkowice may refer to the following places in Poland:
Dzierżkowice, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Dzierżkowice, Opole Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Gmina Dzierzkowice, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Dzierzkowice, seat of Gmina Dzierzkowice, divided into several localities:
Dzierzkowice-Góry, a village in Gmina Dzierzkowice
Dzierzkowice-Podwody, a village in Gmina Dzierzkowice
Dzierzkowice-Rynek, a village in Gmina Dzierzkowice
Dzierzkowice-Wola, a village in Gmina Dzierzkowice
Dzierzkowice-Zastawie, a village in Gmina Dzierzkowice
The Escala i Corda XVII Professional League 07-08 of the Circuit Bancaixa is the top-level championship of the Escala i corda, a modality of Valencian pilota, organized by the firm ValNet. During the very first days the Valencian Pilota Federation disagreed with the way it was organized and gave no "official" title to this season, but finally ValNet and the FPV reached an agreement.
It is played in several rounds. The first two ones are a league all-against all; the two worst teams are disqualified. Every victory is worth 3 points, but if the losing team attains 50 jocs they sum up 1 point. This way, in the first round there are eight teams, in the second round there are six teams, and four in the semi-finals. The finals are played to the best of 3 matches.
Teams
Alcàsser:
Víctor, Jesús and Oñate
Benidorm:
Genovés II, Sarasol II and Héctor
Aquagest - L'Eliana:
Álvaro, Solaz and Espínola
Pedreguer:
León, Fèlix and Salva
Edicima - Petrer
Miguel, Grau and Raül II
Sagunt
Pedro, Dani and Herrera
València:
Núñez, Melchor and Tino
Vila-real:
Mezquita, Tato and Canari
Feridors
Miguelín, Oltra and Pedrito.
Replacing players
Escalaters:
Adrián I, Colau and Primi.
Mitgers
Javi, Pere and Santi.
Punters:
Aucejo, Nacho and Tomàs II.
Scores
1st Round
1st Round classification
Notes to the 1st Round
On November 22 Espínola gets a finger broken and is replaced by Nacho for the 1st Round.
On November 24 Núñez is replaced by Colau.
2nd Round
2nd Round classification
Eliminatories
Finals
Honor gallery
Other seasons
Circuit Bancaixa 04/05
Circuit Bancaixa 05/06
Circuit Bancaixa 06/07
References
External links
Official webpage
Pilotavalenciana.es webpage
Valencian pilota competitions
Valencian pilota professional leagues
Harendra Singh is an Indian field hockey coach and former international player. He is a former head coach of India's men's, women's and junior teams.
Playing career
Hailing from Chhapra, Bihar, Singh started his career as a halfback playing with IFFCO Tokio in Delhi. In 1988, he joined the Mahindra & Mahindra team in Mumbai on the insistence of former India coach J. M. Carvalho. He switched to Air India in 1990 and later became the company's senior manager. Singh made his international debut at the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing, where India won silver. He represented the Indian hockey team in 43 matches before retiring at the age of 26 citing "too much politics in hockey."
Coaching career
Singh started playing for the French club HC Lyon in 1995 under coach Tony Fernandes who asked Singh to manage the club's junior side "realising his potential as coach". After a few years of coaching in France, he returned to India and worked in various coaching and managerial roles of national senior and junior teams in tournaments such as 2000 Summer Olympics, 2005 Men's Hockey Junior World Cup, 2006 Men's Hockey World Cup, 2006 Asian Games, 2009 Men's Hockey Asia Cup and 2010 Men's Hockey World Cup. He was awarded the Dronacharya Award in 2012.
Singh was appointed head coach of the Indian junior team in 2014, and the team won the 2016 Men's Hockey Junior World Cup. In September 2017, he was appointed as the head coach of the India women's national field hockey team which went on to win the gold medal at the 2017 Women's Hockey Asia Cup.
In May 2018, Singh was named as the head coach of the men's national team, replacing Sjoerd Marijne of the Netherlands who took over the women's team. Singh thus became the first Indian to be appointed full time as the men's team head coach since 2008. Prior to this, he had three stints with the team as interim head coach. The team won silver at the 2018 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy, his first assignment in the role, losing the final to Australia in penalties. Singh was removed as the head coach in January 2019, as the team struggled in other tournaments in 2018. He was reportedly offered the job of head coach of the men's junior team, which he rejected.
In 2021, he was appointed head coach of the United States men's national team.
References
Indian male field hockey players
Indian field hockey coaches
People from Chhapra
Recipients of the Dronacharya Award
Field hockey players at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in field hockey
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The men's javelin throw at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 29 and 30 August 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
30 August
†: Vasiliy Yershov ranked initially 5th (85.06m), but was disqualified for infringement of IAAF doping rules.
Qualification
29 August
†: Vasiliy Yershov initially reached the final, but was disqualified later for infringement of IAAF doping rules.
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 23 athletes from 12 countries participated in the event.
(2)
(2)
(3)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(2)
References
Javelin throw
Javelin throw at the European Athletics Championships
Meer Ali is an Indian television actor and a fashion model. He was seen playing lead in &TV's show Main Bhi Ardhangini and is currently portraying Devraj Indra in Sony TV show Vighnaharta Ganesha for which he was nominated in the category (Best actor in a Negative role ). He also played lead in shows like super cop vs super villain "shapath", Miley Jab Hum Tum, Dahleez (2016 TV series), and was also seen in several shows such as Shubh Arambh (colours), Alif Laila 2 (Dangal), kahath Hanuman &TV, and in some mega stories of P.I Private Investigator, Savdhaan India, Aahat (season 6) and CID.
Awards
Meer Ali was nominated in the category Best Actor in a Negative Role in Zee TV's Gold Awards 2019 September 2019.
Meer Ali was nominated in the category Best Actor in Supporting Role for Star Plus's TV show Navya in New Talent Award 2012.
Television
References
External links
Living people
Indian male models
Indian male television actors
Male actors in Hindi television
Male actors from Mumbai
Year of birth missing (living people)
Transient evidence is term used in criminal forensics to indicate elements of physical evidence that might be expected to degrade or disappear within a particular time frame. As such, it is one of the five primary categories of physical evidence codified in Legal Medicine by the American College of Legal Medicine, along with conditional evidence, pattern evidence, transfer evidence and associative evidence. While, in a sense, many types of evidence degrade with the passage of time (such as witness recollections, a victim's clothing, etc.), the term is specific to factors with an inherently limited period of existence. A bloodstain itself is not transient evidence, despite its mutable nature. The condition and appearance of that bloodstain at a given point of time would, however, be transient evidence.
Transient medical evidence
Transient evidence is frequently relied upon in the determination of time of death. The condition of rigor mortis begins to manifest after about 3 hours after death, and lasts about 72 hours. It then disappears as proteolytic enzymes from lysosomes break down the stiffness of the corpse. The reduction in internal temperature after death, a process known as algor mortis, can also be used to estimate demise.
Another noteworthy transient condition is livor mortis, the purplish pooling of blood within the body after the heart has stopped beating. Emergency responders are instructed to recognize it as a sign that CPR should not be attempted. Investigators may use it to determine if a body has been moved or repositioned after death. Livor mortis starts 20 minutes to 3 hours after death and is congealed in the capillaries in 4 to 5 hours. Maximum lividity occurs within 6–12 hours.
By far, the most commonly documented transient medical evidence is blood alcohol level. Since the development of accurate portable breathalyzer technology, the determination of illegal intoxication has become a matter of field forensics.
Transient environmental evidence
Certain aspects of a crime scene may manifest themselves only for brief periods. For instance, the distinctive smoke and odor an incendiary device emits may be evident only within the first few minutes. Those arriving on the scene later, when the blaze is fully fueled by the structure itself, might perceive no indicators of suspicious origin, and indeed might not search for such a device among the debris.
Other examples include: the heat of a gun barrel, indicating it had been recently fired. The color of a bloodstain, indicating its freshness. The absence of transient environmental evidence can also be evidentiary, as in the case of odors associated with decomposition. If a skeletal body is found within the confines of a frequented space (such as in a closet in a public bar), the fact that no one complained about the smell during putrefaction is a strong indicator that the body has been relocated.
Transient contextual evidence
Not all scenes can remain preserved during the course of an investigation. A vehicular incident, for example, must often be quickly cleared from the road. An exterior scene can be promptly compromised by weather. Sometimes aspects of the scene are intentionally destroyed in the process of investigation: one might, for instance, break down a locked door to discover what is on the other side, destroying a pattern of blood spatters on the door in the process.
In all such instances, the advent of photography has become invaluable. Immediate and extensive photographing of a scene is often the only means of preserving transient contextual evidence, which is why photographic documentation, in standard protocol, takes precedence to all other steps of investigation (subsequent to securing the scene). Investigators are encouraged "to not hesitate to photograph something which has no apparent significance at that time - it may later prove to be a key element in the investigation." .
References
Forensic evidence
Priority School Building Programme is a United Kingdom government scheme launched in 2014 to address the capital investment needs of schools most in need of urgent repair.
The £4.4 billion Priority School Building Programme (PSBP) is rebuilding and refurbishing school buildings in the worst condition across the country. There are two phases of the programme covering a total of 537 schools. Under the first phase, PSBP1, 260 schools were rebuilt and/or refurbished: 214 through capital grant and 46 using private finance. The first school opened in April 2014 and the vast majority of others opened before the end of 2017.
Under the second phase, PSBP2, focuses on individual blocks rather than whole schools. 277 schools have been or will be rebuilt and refurbished using capital grant, by the end of 2021.
References
External links
Classroom space guidelines
Education in England
Programmes of the Government of the United Kingdom
Governance of England
Procurement
Ray Cattouse (born 24 July 1952) is a British former boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1980 and 1982 and fought for the European title.
Career
Born in Balham, London, and managed by Terry Lawless, Cattouse made his professional debut in September 1975, a points defeat to Barton McAllister. He was unbeaten in his next 18 fights, leading to a challenge for Johnny Claydon's BBBofC Southern Area lightweight title, the fight also an eliminator for the British title. Cattouse won, and went on to meet Dave McCabe in March 1980 for the British title. Cattouse stopped McCabe in the eighth round to become British champion.
Cattouse successfully defended the title a year later against McCabe, stopping him in the fifteenth and final round. In February 1982 Cattouse challenged for Giuseppe Gibilisco's European title in Italy, the fight ending in a draw. He made his second defence of the British title in October 1982, losing it after being stopped in the fourteenth round by George Feeney, only the second defeat of Cattouse's career and a contest that was hailed as the fight of the year.
He fought twice in 1983, a win over Willie Booth and a draw with Paul Chance, and was due to meet Rene Weller for the European title in February 1985, but the fight didn't happen and Cattouse retired from the sport.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
English male boxers
Lightweight boxers
Boxers from Greater London
Larimichthys is a genus of drum fish commonly known as yellow croakers. Pseudosciaena is a commonly used but invalid synonym for Larimichthys. The genus includes major fishery species in the Northwest Pacific, principally by China: with a catch of 438 thousand tonnes in 2012, small yellow croaker Larimichthys polyactis is 24th among the 70 "principal" capture species, and also the annual catches of large yellow croaker Larimichthys crocea are significant at 70 thousand tonnes.
Species
There are currently 4 recognized species in this genus:
Larimichthys crocea (J. Richardson, 1846)—large yellow croaker
Larimichthys pamoides (Munro, 1964)—southern yellow croaker
Larimichthys polyactis (Bleeker, 1877)—(small) yellow croaker
Larimichthys terengganui (Seah, Hanafi, Mazlan & Chao, 2015)
References
Sciaenidae
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Katsutoshi Kawai. It was serialized in Shogakukan magazine Weekly Shōnen Sunday from August 1996 to January 2005, with its chapters collected in 30 tankōbon volumes. The manga spawned two anime television series adaptations, Monkey Turn and Monkey Turn V, which were both produced by OLM and aired on TV Tokyo in 2004, totalling 50 episodes.
Monkey Turn won the 45th Shogakukan Manga Award in the shōnen category in 2000.
Plot
The series follows Kenji Hatano, a young man who sets out to master the world of kyōtei (hydroplane racing). Over the course of the series he develops a serious rivalry with fellow racer Hiro Doguchi.
Characters
Initially a high school student who was dreaming of being a professional baseball player, Hatano quits after losing a match against another school. His coach, who sees talent in Hatano, then introduces him to the world of motorboat racing. Hatano promises to become the top racer in Japan within three years. He realizes this feat by mastering the "monkey turn," a high-speed cornering technique used in boat racing.
Hatano's principal rival. His style of racing is much reviled by other racers on the circuit.
Hatano's childhood friend and romantic interest. She is very supportive of Hatano and attends all of his races.
Media
Manga
Monkey Turn was written and illustrated by Katsutoshi Kawai. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday from August 21, 1996 to January 1, 2005. Shogakukan collected its chapters in thirteen tankōbon volumes, published from February 18, 1996 to February 18, 2005.
Anime
Monkey Turn was adapted into a 25-episode anime television series by OLM, Inc., which aired on TV Tokyo from January 10 to June 26, 2004. A second 25-episode season, titled Monkey Turn V, was broadcast from July 3 to December 18, 2004.
Reception
The manga series won the 45th Shogakukan Manga Award in the shōnen category in 2000.
References
External links
Monkey Turn at ShoPro Entertainment
Monkey Turn at VAP
1996 manga
2004 anime television series debuts
Hydroplanes
Motorsports in anime and manga
OLM, Inc.
Shogakukan manga
Shōnen manga
TV Tokyo original programming
Winners of the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga
World Logic Day is an international day proclaimed by UNESCO in association with the
International Council for Philosophy and Human Sciences (CIPSH) in November 2019 to be celebrated on 14 January every year. It was first celebrated on 14 January 2019, before the UNESCO declaration. World Logic Day intends to bring the intellectual history, conceptual significance and practical implications of logic to the attention of interdisciplinary science communities and the broader public.
Date
The date chosen to celebrate World Logic Day, 14 January, corresponds to the date of death of Kurt Gödel and the date of birth of Alfred Tarski, two of the most prominent logicians of the twentieth century.
Proclamation
The proclamation of World Logic Day was proposed to the UNESCO Executive Board in the middle of 2019. It was discussed and adopted at the 207th session of the UNESCO Executive Board in October 2019 and proposed to the 40th General Conference of UNESCO. On 26 November 2019, the 40th General Conference proclaimed 14 January to be World Logic Day,
coordinated by CIPSH.
Celebrations
The Logica Universalis Association, an informal meta-association promoting logic closely linked to Jean-Yves Béziau, promoted the celebration of World Logic Day 2019 by encouraging logicians worldwide to organise independent events on 14 January 2019. Approximately sixty such events were organised in 33 countries. The success of this informal first World Logic Day formed part of the deliberations of the 40th UNESCO General Conference in November 2019 which led to the formal proclamation by UNESCO.
On the first World Logic Day after the UNESCO proclamation, the Director-General of UNESCO, Audrey Azoulay, issued a statement highlighting the importance of logic:
In the twenty-first century – indeed, now more than ever – the discipline of logic is a particularly timely one, utterly vital to our societies and economies. Computer science and information and communications technology, for example, are rooted in logical and algorithmic reasoning.
World Logic Day 2020 was celebrated by approximately sixty events in 35 countries.
References
World Logic Day
January observances
Philosophy events
Logic
Moon Over Las Vegas is a 1944 American musical comedy film directed by Jean Yarbrough and starring Anne Gwynne, David Bruce and Barbara Jo Allen.
Plot
Beautiful wife Marion Corbett (Anne Gwynne) heads for Las Vegas hoping to make her husband Richard (David Bruce) jealous. But problems arise when another man catches her fancy, and she gets involved.
Cast
Anne Gwynne as Marion Corbett
David Bruce as Richard Corbett
Barbara Jo Allen as Auntie
Vivian Austin as Grace Towers
Alan Dinehart as Hal Blake
Lee Patrick as Mrs. Blake
Joe Sawyer as Joe
Milburn Stone as Jim Bradley
Gene Austin as Singer Gene Austin
Doris Sherrell as Singer Doris Sherrell
Grace Sherrell as Singer Grace Sherrel
Connie Haines as Singer Connie Haines
Capella & Patriciaas Dance Team
Lillian Cornell as Singer
Anne Triola as Accordion Player
Jimmie Dodd as Singer
The Sportsmen Quartet as Singing Group
Addison Richards as Judge
Mantan Moreland as Porter
Eddie Dunn as Conductor
Tom Dugan as Herman
Pat West as Taxi Driver
Muni Seroff as Waiter
References
Bibliography
John Russell Taylor & Arthur Jackson. The Hollywood Musical. McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1971.
External links
1944 films
1944 musical comedy films
American musical comedy films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Jean Yarbrough
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
General elections were held in the British Virgin Islands on 12 November 1979. The result was a victory for the opposition Virgin Islands Party (VIP) led by former Chief Minister Lavity Stoutt over the incumbent United Party (UP) led by Willard Wheatley. The newly formed Virgin Islands National Movement (VINM), led by Elvin Stoutt, also contested the elections but did not win any seats.
The supervisor of elections was Trevor A.F. Peters. Voter turnout was 74.8%.
The 1979 general election was the first election to be conducted after the Legislature had been expanded from seven to nine elected seats. Three of the nine seats were not contested, with only a single candidate standing in the 3rd, 7th and 8th Districts. For the 3rd District, this was the second consecutive general election where the seat was uncontested.
The Virgin Islands Party won the election despite receiving only 733 votes in aggregate across all seats, and just 27.8% of the vote. This low figure was in part was caused by the high number of uncontested seats, but also reflected significant voter disenchantment with the political process.
Background
By 1979 internal fighting had severely limited the capability of almost every political party in the British Virgin Islands. After internal fighting, the VI Democratic Party (VIDP) was left with just one candidate: its founder, Q.W. Osborne. The United Party fared little better: it was able to field two candidates. Neither party would win a contested seat, although Willard Wheatley would win the 7th District by default for the United Party as he was unopposed. The newly created Virgin Islands National Movement fielded the second most candidates with three, and even the Virgin Islands Party could only muster four.
Results
The Virgin Islands Party won all four of the seats it contested. Still short of being able to form a government, they moved to secure the loyalty of Oliver Cills (who had previously been a member of the VI Democratic Party), giving them a majority with which to form a government.
The victory of the Virgin Islands Party with just 733 votes and a 27.8% share of the vote are both record lows for a general election in the British Virgin Islands.
Candidates who were elected for the first time included future Chief Minister, Cyril Romney, and future Minister, Omar Hodge, who would hold his seat for the next 32 years (the third longest such span in British Virgin Islands politics).
The defeat of Q.W. Osborne in the 5th District signalled the end of the VI Democratic Party. Following the elections, the United Party was the only party left in existence from the 1967 general election.
By constituency
Footnotes
Elections in the British Virgin Islands
British Virgin
General election
November 1979 events in North America
British Virgin
Adolfina Fägerstedt (31 August 1811-1902), was a Swedish ballerina. She was considered as one of the leading members of the Royal Swedish Ballet in the 1830s and 1840s.
She became a student of the Royal Swedish Ballet in 1821, a figurante in 1827, and a premier dancer (ballerina) from 1831 to 1844 and at that point regarded as a leading member of the Swedish ballet. In the 1830s, she is referred to as one of the most notable female members of the Royal Swedish Ballet alongside Sophie Daguin, Carolina Granberg and Charlotta Alm.
Among her roles where the favorite sultana in the pantomime ballet Paschan och slafvinnan by Anders Selinder with Peter Håkansson, the sister in Hemkomsten by August Bournonville with Per Christian Johansson and Sophie Daguin, one of the Three Graces with Carolina Granberg and Charlotta Ek in Ett mythologiskt divertissement by Selinder, and a Pas de cinq with Daguin, Charlotte Norberg, Carolina Friebel and the French guest artist François Lefèbvre.
The chronicler and theater historian said of her:
"mamsell Adolfina Fägerstedt, ballerina 1831—1844, who had numerous admirers, even some very powerful ones and, when she died in 1902 in an age over ninety, left an astounding home, filled with old silver and a magnificent coffee set of genuine china. Her aging housekeeper, to whom she had willed everything, died shortly after as well, and her 80,000 kronor as well as the magnificent furnishings where dispersed among the peasantry of Roslagen."
References
Sources
Nils Personne: Svenska teatern : några anteckningar 7. Under Karl Johanstiden : 1835-1838
Fredrik August Dahlgren: Förteckning öfver svenska skådespel uppförda på Stockholms theatrar 1737-1863 och Kongl. Theatrarnes personal 1773-1863. Med flera anteckningar.
1811 births
1902 deaths
19th-century Swedish ballet dancers
Royal Swedish Ballet dancers
My Point of View is the second album by pianist Herbie Hancock. It was released in 1963 on Blue Note Records as BLP 4126 and BST 84126. Musicians featured are trumpeter Donald Byrd, trombonist Grachan Moncur III, tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley, guitarist Grant Green (on two tracks), bassist Chuck Israels and drummer Tony Williams.
Overview
For his second album, Hancock remained rooted in the hard bop and soul jazz movements. As with his first album, he put together a classic hard bop small group, adding a trombone on three tracks to the trumpet and tenor sax parts he had previously written. Donald Byrd's 1961 album Royal Flush was Hancock's Blue Note debut. Hank Mobley, like Byrd, was in the midst of recording a long run of Blue Note albums as a leader. Additionally, Hancock added guitarist Grant Green for two songs that had a more pronounced soul jazz feel. With the composition "King Cobra", Hancock worked in the modal jazz idiom, which he used in 1965 when writing the jazz standard “Maiden Voyage”.
The album was one of the first releases featuring drummer Tony Williams, who was 17 years old at the time of this recording. Williams and Hancock joined Miles Davis's band two months after My Point of View was recorded, as part of a new group that would evolve into the "Second Great Quintet". With the exception of bassist Chuck Israels, every player on the album went on to release numerous jazz albums as a bandleader during the 1960s and 1970s, and each had at least two albums as a leader on Blue Note Records during the 1960s.
Composition
"Blind Man, Blind Man" was written by Hancock trying to evoke "something that reflected my Negro background". The blind man standing in the corner playing his guitar was in fact one of the things Hancock experienced in his neighbourhood in Chicago. The piece is reminiscent of "Watermelon Man", one of his greatest hits. According to Hancock, "King Cobra" was an attempt to "expand the flow [of jazz tunes and chords] so that it would go in directions beyond the usual".
Track listing
All compositions by Herbie Hancock
"Blind Man, Blind Man" – 8:19
"A Tribute to Someone" – 8:45
"King Cobra" – 6:55
"The Pleasure Is Mine" – 4:03 (incorrectly labelled as 8:00 on the CD reissue)
"And What If I Don't" – 6:35
"Blind Man, Blind Man" (Alternate Take) – 8:21 (re-release only)
Personnel
Herbie Hancock – piano
Donald Byrd – trumpet
Grachan Moncur III – trombone
Hank Mobley – tenor saxophone
Grant Green – guitar (only 1, 5 & 6)
Chuck Israels – bass
Tony Williams – drums
References
Herbie Hancock albums
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Blue Note Records albums
1963 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
