Polly A. Phipps is an American sociologist and social statistician. She is a Senior Survey Methodologist in the Office of Survey Methods Research of the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. She has also collaborated with several societies of mathematicians to survey the employment of recent doctorates in mathematics.
Education and career
Phipps is originally from Spokane, Washington. She has a bachelor's degree, master's degree, and Ph.D. in sociology, from the University of Washington, Vanderbilt University, and University of Michigan respectively. At the University of Michigan, Phipps' doctoral research included studying the inroads made by women into previously male-dominated careers in pharmacy and insurance; her 1989 dissertation was Sex segregation and the changing sex composition of insurance adjusters and examiners. She joined the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the late 1980s.
Recognition
In 2006–2007, the Washington Statistical Society gave Phipps their President's Award.
She was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association in 2013.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American sociologists
American women sociologists
American statisticians
Women statisticians
University of Washington alumni
Vanderbilt University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
Ronald Burns Wylde (7 January 1913 – 8 July 2000) was a South African born Scottish athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games. He was also a medical doctor who practised in Grahamstown. South Africa. He attended St. Andrew's College, Grahamstown, and studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh.
At the 1934 Empire Games he was a member of the Scottish relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4×440 yards event. In the 440 yards competition he was eliminated in the heats.
References
External links
commonwealthgames.com results
1913 births
2000 deaths
South African people of Scottish descent
Scottish male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Alumni of St. Andrew's College, Grahamstown
The 1963 Penn State Nittany Lions baseball team represented Pennsylvania State University in the 1963 NCAA University Division baseball season. The head coach was Chuck Bedlar, serving his 1st year.
The Nittany Lions lost in the College World Series, defeated by the Texas Longhorns.
Roster
Schedule
! style="" | Regular Season
|- valign="top"
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1 || April 2 || at || Unknown • Gettysburg, Pennsylvania || 9–0 || 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2 || April 4 || || New Beaver Field • University Park, Pennsylvania || 7–3 || 2–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 3 || April 6 || || New Beaver Field • University Park, Pennsylvania || 8–6 || 3–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 4 || April 11 || at || Hoy Field • Ithaca, New York || 17–0 || 4–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 5 || April 17 || || New Beaver Field • University Park, Pennsylvania || 3–1 || 5–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 6 || April 20 || || New Beaver Field • University Park, Pennsylvania || 4–5 || 5–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 7 || April 22 || at Bucknell || Unknown • Lewisburg, Pennsylvania || 9–1 || 6–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 8 || April 29 || at || Shipley Field • College Park, Maryland || 3–2 || 7–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 9 || April 29 || at Maryland || Shipley Field • College Park, Maryland || 5–1 || 8–1
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 10 || May 3 || || New Beaver Field • University Park, Pennsylvania || 6–2 || 9–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 11 || May 4 || || New Beaver Field • University Park, Pennsylvania || 1–3 || 9–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 12 || May 14 || at || Unknown • Annapolis, Maryland || 5–6 || 9–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 13 || May 16 || at || Unknown • Morgantown, West Virginia || 4–5 || 9–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 14 || May 21 || at || Erny Field • Philadelphia, Pennsylvania || 5–0 || 10–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 15 || May 25 || || New Beaver Field • University Park, Pennsylvania || 2–1 || 11–4
|-
|-
|-
! style="" | Postseason
|- valign="top"
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 16 || May 31 || vs || Bill Clarke Field • Princeton, New Jersey || 3–0 || 12–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 17 || May 31 || || Bill Clarke Field • Princeton, New Jersey || 11–2 || 13–4
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 16 || June 10 || vs Arizona || Omaha Municipal Stadium • Omaha, Nebraska || 1–8 || 13–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 17 || June 11 || vs Western Michigan || Omaha Municipal Stadium • Omaha, Nebraska || 3–0 || 14–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 18 || June 12 || vs Texas || Omaha Municipal Stadium • Omaha, Nebraska || 4–6 || 14–6
|-
|-
|
References
Penn State Nittany Lions baseball seasons
Penn State Nittany Lions baseball
College World Series seasons
Henry Charles Sturt (; 9 August 1795 – 14 April 1866), of Crichel House, Dorset, was a British landowner and politician.
Background
Sturt was the son of Charles Sturt (1763–1812), who was the son of Humphrey Sturt and his wife Mary Pitfield, daughter of Charles Pitfield and Dorothy Ashley.
Political career
Sturt was elected to Parliament for Bridport in 1817, a seat he held until 1820. In 1823 he was appointed Sheriff of Dorset and later represented Dorchester in 1830 and Dorset between 1835 and 1846.
Family
Sturt married Lady Charlotte Penelope, daughter of Robert Brudenell, 6th Earl of Cardigan. They had several children, including Henry Sturt, who was elevated to the peerage as Baron Alington in 1876, and Col. Charles Napier Sturt, MP for Dorchester. Sturt died in April 1866, aged 70.
References
External links
Leigh Rayment's Historical List of MPs
1795 births
1866 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
People from Dorset
UK MPs 1812–1818
UK MPs 1818–1820
UK MPs 1826–1830
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1837–1841
UK MPs 1841–1847
Walter Rye (31 October 1843 – 24 February 1929) was a British athlete and antiquary, who wrote over 80 works on Norfolk.
Early life
Walter Rye was born on 31 October 1843 in Chelsea, London. He was the seventh child of Edward Rye, a solicitor and bibliophile, and his wife, Maria Rye née Tuppen. His sister was the social reformer Maria Rye, and his brother was the entomologist Edward Caldwell Rye. His grandfather was Edward Rye of Baconsthorpe, Norfolk.
Career
Rye was the "father" of cross-country running (or paper chasing, as it was then known), being the principal founder in 1868 of the Thames Hare and Hounds, and its president until his death. He won over 100 prizes for walking, running and cycling. He also served as the athletics correspondent of the Sporting Gazette.
He regularly visited Norwich throughout his life, and helped save a number of its historic buildings from destruction. He was a founder member of the Norfolk Broads Protection Society. In 1900 he retired from his career as a solicitor and settled in Norwich; and only eight years later was elected Mayor, an office he held in the year 1908–9.
Personal life
Rye married Georgina Eliza Sturges in 1870: he described her as "the prettiest and pluckiest creature I have ever met". The couple had seven sons and three daughters, including the solicitor and conservative politician Frank Rye.
Rye died at his Norwich home, 66 Clarendon Road, on 24 February 1929. He is buried in the village of Lamas, Norfolk.
References
Further reading
External links
1843 births
1929 deaths
People from Chelsea, London
Mayors of Norwich
English antiquarians
Historians of Norfolk
Contributors to the Victoria County History
English male cross country runners
Eslamabad (, also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Ashrafābād) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,763, in 2,350 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Pui Fan Lee (born ) is a British-Hong Konger actress and presenter. Along with Sue Monroe, Chris Jarvis, and Sidney Sloane she was one of the first presenters on CBeebies, the BBC television channel for younger children. She is known for portraying Po in the original 1997–2001 run of the children's television series Teletubbies, and for presenting the CBeebies preschool education series Show Me.
Lee's family came from Hong Kong. She was born in Birmingham, and grew up in Nottingham. She moved to London to study drama. She took on the role of Po shortly after leaving Drama school. She was the first presenter, alongside Chris Jarvis to introduce programming on the BBC digital channel CBeebies.
Lee lives in North London.
In 2004, Lee had a minor role as a Thai jail girl in the 2004 film Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason.
In 2019, she made a guest appearance in the British soap opera EastEnders.
References
External links
Profile at Blackburn Sachs Associates
Interview on CBeebies.com
The Chris and Pui Roadshow website
Living people
English puppeteers
Animal impersonators
British actresses of Asian descent
English people of Hong Kong descent
English television actresses
English television presenters
20th-century English actresses
21st-century English actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Japan Federation of Foods and Tobacco Workers' Unions (Shokuhin Rengo) was a trade union representing workers in food processing and related industries in Japan.
The union was established in 1995, when the Japan Federation of Food Industries Workers' Unions merged with the National Federation of Food Industry Workers' Unions and the Japan Tobacco and Allied Workers' Union. It was a founding affiliate of the Japanese Trade Union Confederation, and by 1996 had 116,747 members. In 2000, it merged with the Food Industry Workers' Unions Council to form the Federation of All Japan Foods and Tobacco Workers' Unions.
References
Food processing trade unions
Trade unions established in 1995
Trade unions disestablished in 2000
Trade unions in Japan
Mike Miles may refer to:
Mike Miles (school superintendent), school superintendent in Dallas, Texas
Mike Miles (basketball), American college basketball player
See also
Michael Miles, New Zealand-born television presenter in Great Britain
Michael A. Miles, American marketer and businessman
Rudolf Belin (born 4 November 1942) is a Croatian retired football manager and player.
Club career
Belin started his career with Dinamo Zagreb in 1960, where he won the Yugoslav Cup three times and the 1967 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, beating the English side Leeds United and went on to make 410 appearances for the club until 1970, when he moved to Beerschot VAC in Belgium and he spent two years. He was voted Croatia's 36th footballer of the century in 2000 chosen by Večernji List.
International career
He made his debut for Yugoslavia in an October 1963 friendly match away against Romania and earned a total of 29 caps scoring 6 goals. His final international was an October 1969 World Cup qualification match against Belgium. He also was a participant at the 1968 European Championship.
Managerial career
After retiring, he graduated from the Physical Education School at the University of Zagreb, becoming a coach, while he also spent a considerable time acting as Director of Dinamo's Youth Football Academy and also coached Toronto Croatia in Canada, during 1998.
Belin coached the Iraq national team in 2001.
References
External links
Serbia national football team website
1942 births
Living people
Footballers from Zagreb
Association football defenders
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
Olympic footballers of Yugoslavia
Footballers at the 1964 Summer Olympics
UEFA Euro 1968 players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
K. Beerschot V.A.C. players
Yugoslav First League players
Belgian First Division A players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Yugoslav football managers
Croatian football managers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb managers
Toronto Croatia managers
Yugoslav First League managers
Canadian Professional Soccer League (1998–2005) managers
Iraq national football team managers
Croatian expatriate football managers
Expatriate soccer managers in Canada
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate football managers in Iraq
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Iraq
My Broadcasting Corporation is a Canadian broadcasting company founded in 2004 by Jon Pole and Andrew Dickson. Based in Renfrew, Ontario, the company operates a number of radio stations in small to medium sized markets in Ontario. All of its stations offer local news, weather, sports and community events seven days a week.
History
The roots of My Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) date back to Ottawa Valley Radio in the mid-1980s (CKOA Arnprior and CKOB Renfrew). Those stations were owned by Jamie Pole, the father of current MBC co-owner and President Jon Pole. Jon's business partner and Executive VP of MBC, Andrew Dickson, was an announcer at CKOB in the late '70's and then filled in as morning announcer when Jamie Pole owned the station. The original morning man for myFM, Bob Rose (deceased) was the morning man for Ottawa Valley Radio for many years. Several former Ottawa Valley Radio staffers have returned to myFM and continue to be part of the team, including Rob Mise and Peter DeWolf (deceased).
Over the years, MBC built or acquired a number of stations to a total of 21 - all in Ontario. MBC has been listed for the last eight years as one of Canada's fastest growing companies by Profit Magazine.
Expansion efforts
In 2006, the company applied for a second station in the Pembroke market, to play classic rock, although its application was denied. Similarly, the company's application to launch a new station in St. Thomas was denied in 2009.
In early 2009, the company also announced a tentative deal to acquire CIYN-FM in Kincardine, which received CRTC approval on May 13, 2009. The company also received CRTC approval to launch a new station in Brighton on May 15, 2009.
On August 2, 2013, My Broadcasting submitted applications to operate new FM radio stations in Arnprior and Carleton Place, and acquiring Peterborough station CJMB-FM outright from McNabb Broadcasting. CJMB, if the application is approved, would be the company's first station in one of Ontario's larger radio markets; as well, the company planned to operate CJMB as a sports radio station which would be the company's first expansion outside of its conventional "my FM" branding and adult contemporary formatting. The CRTC approved the acquisition of CJMB-FM on December 11, 2013.
On December 9, 2013, My Broadcasting submitted an application to operate a new FM radio station at Orangeville, proposed to operate at 101.5 MHz, the new station received approval on July 18, 2014. My Broadcasting previously submitted an application to operate the new station there in 2012 but the application was soon withdrawn.
On an unknown date, My Broadcasting Corporation submitted an application to the CRTC to broadcast on 107.7 FM (later 97.5) in Carleton Place, this application would be denied by the CRTC on April 2, 2014. Also on that date, the CRTC approved the new station in Arnprior, which will replace CHMY-FM-1 at 107.7.
In June 2015, My Broadcasting announced a deal to purchase Pineridge Broadcasting, the owner of CHUC-FM and CKSG-FM in Cobourg and CJWV-FM in Peterborough, Ontario.
On July 11, 2016, myFM submitted an application (call applications) to operate a new FM radio station at 93.7 MHz in Georgina, Ontario.
On December 7, 2016, myFM submitted an application to operate a new FM radio station at 99.7 MHz in Simcoe, Ontario. This application received CRTC approval on June 9, 2017
On April 13, 2017, My Broadcasting submitted an application to operate a new FM radio station in Georgina, Ontario, as part of the CRTC's call applications. This application is pending CRTC approval.
On February 26, 2021, it was announced that Norm Wright and Brian Perkin (Perth FM Radio Inc.), had sold CHLK-FM 88.1 Perth, Ontario to My Broadcasting Coorporation (MBC) and is pending CRTC approval.
In August 2022, the company announced a deal to acquire CIXL-FM and CKYY-FM in Welland, Ontario from Wellport Broadcasting.
Stations
Former Stations
On June 25, 2021, the CRTC approved a sale of CIMA-FM Alliston, CJML-FM Milton and CKMO-FM Orangeville to Local Radio Lab, led by former Haliburton Broadcasting Group owner Christopher Grossman.
On June 30, 2021, the CRTC approved a sale of CIYN-FM Kincardine, CIYN-FM-1 Goderich and CIYN-FM-2 Port Elgin to Lakeside Radio Broadcasting Corp., owned by Greg Hetherington and Ray Stanton.
Notes
1 Purchase approved by the CRTC in May 2009; transaction completed November 30, 2009.
References
External links
My Broadcasting Corporation - www.myfmradio.ca - Official website
My Broadcasting Corporation - Historical information from broadcasting-history.ca - Canadian Communications Foundation
Radio broadcasting companies of Canada
Companies based in Ontario
Privately held companies of Canada
This is a list of present equipment used by the Indian Army.
Individual equipment
Infantry weapons
Knives and Bayonets
Small arms
Explosives
Vehicles
Armoured combat vehicles
Utility and staff transport
Goods and field transport vehicles
Engineering and support vehicles
Unmanned ground vehicle
Artillery
Air Defence
Missile systems
Anti-tank guided missiles
Ballistic and cruise missiles
Aircraft
Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
Vessels
Radar
Future procurements
Vehicles
Future Ready Combat Vehicle (FRCV)- up to 1770 in number to replace the T-72 MBT. The tanks would have 120/125mm smooth bore gun, be in medium weight class (50 tonnes) with a crew of 3/4 personnel.
Future Infantry Combat Vehicle (FICV)- up to 1750 in number to replace the older BMP-2 Sarath
Artillery systems
Under the Field Artillery Rationalization Plan, Indian Army plans to procure around 3000 155 mm towed, wheeled and tracked artillery systems. The requirement for artillery guns to be met with indigenous development and production. Production of crucial bi-modular charge system will be started soon at Nalanda ordnance factory. HEMRL, a DRDO lab has developed the technology indigenously.
State-run Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) will deliver two types of indigenously developed 155mm howitzers to the Indian Army based on the FH77B howitzer purchased way back in 1986. One version will be 155/39 calibre while the other will be 155/45 calibre. Trials are to be completed by June 2013
Government is also evaluating 155mm/52 self-propelled howitzers wherein three Indian vendors, including two private sector companies, have been selected for trials of their equipment.
Infantry equipment
Sniper Rifles - 5000 new sniper rifles in .338 Lapua Magnum to be procured to replace old Dragunov SVD.
Anti-materiel rifles - 1000 new anti material rifles are to acquired for which global RFI's have been issued by the MOD.
Ballistic helmet - The Indian Government has approved procurement of 170,000 (1.7 Lakh) ballistic helmets.
Bulletproof vest - The Ministry of Defence has ordered about 186,138 (1.86 Lakh) bulletproof vests on 9 April 2018. These will be manufactured in India by SMPP Pvt Ltd. This is in addition to the 50,000 vests ordered in 2016 under emergency procurement.
Aviation
HAL Light Combat Helicopter - HAL has obtained a firm order to deliver 114 HAL LCH to the Indian Army.
HAL Light Utility Helicopter: The Indian army has projected a requirement for up to 197 light helicopters to replace its aging fleet of Chetaks and Cheetahs. The Indian Army chose Eurocopter Fennec under a US$550 million contract in the summer of 2007. Under this contract, 60 helicopters were to be supplied from Eurocopter in fly-away condition and the rest were to be assembled by HAL in India. This order was later scrapped due to allegations of unfair field trials from one of the competing company, Bell Helicopters. A fresh tender process was initiated later in which Eurocopter Fennec and Kamov Ka-226 were shortlisted for user trials. Trials were completed and Kamov Ka-226 was declared the winner and about 200 helicopters are to be made in India under the "Make in India" initiative, Indian Army has planned to replace obsolete Chetaks and Cheetahs with it, until the arrival of HAL LUH, as the later would be ready for its first flight only by 2017.
See also
Currently active military equipment by country
List of regiments of the Indian Army
Women in Indian Armed Forces
References
Indian Army
Military equipment of India
Indian Army
Equipment
Bjorn Larsen or Bjørn Larsen may refer to
Bjørn Larsen (1922–2007), Norwegian economist and civil servant
Bjorn Larsen (rower) (born 1979), American rower
Bjørn-Inge Larsen (born 1961), Norwegian physician and civil servant
Claus Bjørn Larsen (born 1963), Danish press photographer
Niels Bjørn Larsen (1913–2003), Danish ballet dancer, choreographer and balletmester
was a Japanese sculptor born in Miyagi Prefecture and grew up in Hokkaido. In 1932 he moved to Tokyo to become a painter. Becoming influenced by Aristide Maillol and Charles Despiau, Sato decided to specialize in sculpture.
From 1934 on, Sato spent the next seventy years making art works primarily from bronze to much acclaim. He was a dedicated artist working from 8am until 8pm every day and died on 30 March 2011 at the age of 98.
References
1912 births
2011 deaths
Japanese sculptors
Artists from Miyagi Prefecture
Una Rosa Blu (A Blu(e) Rose) is the seventh studio album by Mexican pop singer-songwriter Gloria Trevi, released by Univision Records on October 2, 2007 (see 2007 in music) in Latin America and the United States. It was produced by Sergio George, Bob Benozzo and Armando Avila. This album sold over 2.000,000 copies. In the US, the album sold about 50,000 copies during the first day of release [4] 1 and later received gold and platinum certifications by the RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) .2 In Mexico, it received Gold Record and Platinum and reached fifth place in sales nationwide. Una Rosa Blu reached the highest position of third place on the Billboard Latin Pop Albums, within a few weeks of its release. In Spain it was one of the Top 100 best selling albums in 2009.
Promoting Una Rosa Blu was accompanied by five simple: Psicofonias, Cinco Minutos, Pruebamelo, El Favor De La Soledad and Lo Que Una Chica Por Amor Es Capaz which were published during 2007 and 2009. These courts reached the top five radio stations in popularity in Mexico and Latin America
Renowned producer Sergio George was nominated for a Latin Grammy Awards in 2009 in the category "Producer of the Year" for his work on the subject's life is going, track number 6 on Una Rosa Blu, and other productions with various artists. Armando Avila, who produced most of the songs, was recognized as "Producer of the Year" at the Billboard Latin Music Awards in April 2010.
Track listing
Singles
Charts
Sales and certifications
References
2007 albums
Gloria Trevi albums
Spanish-language albums
Albums produced by Sergio George
Red Crescent Building Number 1 ( – Sākhtemān-e Shomāreh-ye Yek Helāl Āḥmar) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 35, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Phyllonorycter celtifoliella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Illinois, Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia, Florida, Georgia, Maryland and Texas in the United States.
The larvae feed on Celtis species, including Celtis occidentalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. The mine, lies between two veins and is somewhat variable in shape. The pupa is suspended in a few silken threads.
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
mothphotographersgroup
celtifoliella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1871
Armando Rafael Maita Urbáez (born 26 August 1981) is a Venezuelan international footballer who plays professionally for Yaracuyanos as a striker.
Club career
Born in San Félix, Maita has played club football for Mineros de Guayana, Carabobo, Aragua, Maracaibo, Monagas, Deportivo Táchira, Deportivo Anzoátegui, Atlético Huila and Deportivo Petare.
International career
He earned five international caps for Venezuela between 2006 and 2008.
References
External links
Armando Maita at Footballdatabase
1981 births
Living people
People from Bolívar (state)
Venezuelan footballers
Association football forwards
A.C.C.D. Mineros de Guayana players
Carabobo F.C. players
Aragua FC players
UA Maracaibo players
Monagas S.C. players
Deportivo Táchira F.C. players
Deportivo Anzoátegui players
Atlético Huila footballers
Deportivo Petare players
Asociación Civil Deportivo Lara players
Caracas FC players
Atlético Pantoja players
Yaracuyanos FC players
Venezuelan Primera División players
Categoría Primera A player
Venezuela international footballers
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in the Dominican Republic
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in the Dominican Republic
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
The 2014 World Judo Juniors Championships was held between 22 and 26 October 2014 in Fort Lauderdale, United States. The final day of competition featured men's and women's team events, both won by team Japan.
Medalists
Source:
Men
Women
Medal table
References
External links
U21
World Championships, Junior
World Junior
World Judo Junior Championships
Glyphipterix callicrossa is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in Australia, including Western Australia.
References
Moths described in 1907
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
Tvarožná Lhota is a municipality and village in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 900 inhabitants.
References
External links
Villages in Hodonín District
Moravian Slovakia
Ramm Hansen (July 22, 1879 – December 30, 1971) was an early to mid-20th-century Norwegian-born, American architect.
Hans Leonard Ramm Hansen was born at Moss in Østfold, Norway. Hansen graduated cum laude from the Royal Academy of Art and Architecture in Oslo, Norway. In 1901 he moved to Salt Lake City and became a draftsman for Richard K.A. Kletting. Soon after, he partnered with different architects, including Cannon & Fetzer, who he designed the Park Building at the University of Utah. In 1916, he an entered a partnership which lasted into the 1950s with Don Carlos Young, Jr. (1882-1960), son of prominent architect Don Carlos Young.
His best-known existing works are the Mesa Arizona Temple, Idaho Falls Idaho Temple, and the Washington Chapel (now operated by the Unification Church at 2810 Sixteenth Street in Washington D.C.). Hansen served on a board of six architects for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) which oversaw the design of the Idaho Falls Idaho Temple. Hansen designed numerous other civic buildings and churches for LDS Church, some of which are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Images of works
Other selected works
Washington Chapel (1933) 2810 Sixteenth St., Washington D.C (Currently the Unification Church)
Riverton 2nd Ward Meetinghouse *NRHP listed as part of the Riverton Historic District
American Fork 2nd Ward Meetinghouse (1929 addition) *NRHP listed
Federal Reserve Bank (demolished)
Deseret Gymnasium (1910; demolished 1963)
References
1879 births
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
Norwegian Latter Day Saints
Architects of Latter Day Saint religious buildings and structures
Architects from Utah
People from Moss, Norway
1971 deaths
"Hot Game" ( Hat Geim; Hotto Gēmu) is a song by South Korean boy band A-Jax. It was released on July 11, 2012 as the group's second single. On August 9, Universal Sigma announced that the song was re-recorded in Japanese and would be released as the group's second Japanese single, on October 31, 2012.
Background
After the promotions of the single "One 4 U", DSP Media, group's label, started an event called "Wing Car Project", to the group meet their fans outside Seoul. A special truck was used to the group travel for the cities. The cities stated are Daegu on July 7, Busan on July 8 and Daejeon on July 9. In that same statement, it was also announced that the group will be releasing a new digital single in July. One day later, it was revealed a photo of the truck's back, revealing the name of the new single, titled "Hot Game". The song was first performed in Daegu's event. DSP Media also informed that the song will be promoted as "One 4 U" follow-up song.
Japanese version
On August 9, Universal Sigma and DSP Media announced that a Japanese re-recorded version of the song will serve as the group's second single. On September 28, Sigma updated the news with more details of the single, jacket covers and track listing. The single will be released in four editions: a CD+DVD, including the CD single and a DVD including the song's music video and a special off-shot video, a CD+Photobook edition, including the CD and a special photobook and two Regular editions: first press, with a cover of the song "A Song Calling Your Name", originally sung by SS501, as bonus track and a normal edition, including only the CD single with the normal track list.
Composition
The song was written by Kim Ji-hyang, also known for writing songs for the groups U-KISS, Girl's Day, for the artist Lee Hyori and more. It was composed by Steven Lee, same composed of the songs "One 4 U" and "Never Let Go", released by the group.
Music video
Korean version
The music video of the song was released simultaneously with the digital release of the song, on July 11. The music video features Kara's member Nicole Jung.
Promotions
The promotions of the song on TV music shows will start on July 12, on Mnet's M! Countdown. The song is also being promoted on the shows Music Core, Inkigayo, Show Champion and Music Bank.
Track listing
Chart performance
Korean version
The song debuted at number 59 on Gaon's Weekly singles chart, in the week of July 19, with 5.075.196 points. The song also charted in Gaon's Streaming and Download chart, in number 143 with 162.302 streams and in number 99 with 31.610 downloads, respectively.
Japanese version
Oricon
Release history
References
External links
2012 singles
Korean-language songs
Japanese-language songs
Dance-pop songs
2012 songs
Surge Narrows Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the south tip of Maurelle Island and on adjacent islands in the Discovery Islands archipelago in that province's South Coast region.
References
Provincial Parks of the Discovery Islands
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1996
1996 establishments in British Columbia
Caniaba is a village in New South Wales, Australia, on the outskirts of Lismore.
Towns in New South Wales
Tomáš Svoboda may refer to:
Tomáš Svoboda (composer) (born 1939), Czech-American classical composer
Tomáš Svoboda (ice hockey) (born 1987), Czech ice hockey forward
Tomáš Svoboda (triathlete) (born 1985), Czech triathlete and aquathlete
Mademoiselle V. in the Costume of an Espada is an 1862 painting by Édouard Manet, now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Manet exhibited the painting with Déjeuner sur l'herbe and Young Man Dressed as a Majo at the Salon des Refusés in 1863. The subject of the painting is Victorine Meurent, dressed as a bullfighter.
References
1862 paintings
Paintings by Édouard Manet
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Bullfighting in art
The Rhodius or Rhodios () was a river of the ancient Troad, having its sources in Mount Ida, a little above the town of Astyra; it flowed in a northwestern direction, and after passing by Astyra and Cremaste, discharged itself into the Hellespont between Dardanus and Abydus. Strabo states that some regarded the Rhodius as a tributary of the Aesepus; but they must have been mistaken, as the river is mentioned on the coins of Dardanus. Pliny the Elder states that this ancient river no longer existed in his time; and some modern writers identify it with the Pydius mentioned by Thucydides. Strabo also writes that the towns of Cleandria and Gordus were located on this river.
References
Troad
Rivers of Turkey
Locations in the Iliad
Ancient Greek geography
The 2019 Antalya Open (also known as the Turkish Airlines Open Antalya for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on grass courts. It was the 3rd edition of the event, and part of the ATP Tour 250 series of the 2019 ATP Tour. It took place at the Kaya Palazzo Resort in Belek, Antalya Province, Turkey, from June 23–29.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of June 17, 2019.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Altuğ Çelikbilek
Cem İlkel
Ergi Kırkın
The following players received entry using a protected ranking into the singles main draw:
Jozef Kovalík
Janko Tipsarević
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
JC Aragone
Steve Darcis
Kevin Krawietz
Viktor Troicki
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Ričardas Berankis → replaced by Bradley Klahn
Retirements
Damir Džumhur
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of June 17, 2019.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Sarp Ağabigün / Yankı Erel
Tuna Altuna / Cem İlkel
Champions
Singles
Lorenzo Sonego def. Miomir Kecmanović, 6–7(5–7), 7–6(7–5), 6–1
Doubles
Jonathan Erlich / Artem Sitak def. Ivan Dodig / Filip Polášek, 6–3, 6–4
References
External links
Official website
Antalya Open
Antalya Open
Antalya Open
Antalya Open
The 2017 Boodles Challenge was an exhibition tournament held before Wimbledon to serve as a warm-up to players. Taking place from 27 June to 1 July 2017 at Stoke Park in London, it was the 16th edition of the Boodles Challenge. As with last year, no player was declared champion.
Participants
On 21 June, the tournament organizers announced a preliminary list with 12 confirmed players for this edition:
Roberto Bautista Agut
Pablo Carreño Busta
Juan Martín del Potro
Ernests Gulbis
Philipp Kohlschreiber
Thanasi Kokkinakis
Nick Kyrgios
Benoît Paire
Albert Ramos Viñolas
Gilles Simon
Alexander Zverev
David Goffin (withdrew due to a right ankle injury suffered during the French Open)
Results
Day 1 (27 June)
The last two matches of the day were cancelled due to rain.
Day 2 (28 June)
The Shapovalov vs Berankis match was cancelled due to rain, with the score tied 4–4 in the 1st set.
Day 3 (29 June)
Day 4 (30 June)
Day 5 (1 July)
References
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Mark Hughes (born 15 December 1976 in Kurri Kurri, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. He played club football for the Newcastle Knights in the Australian National Rugby League (NRL) and later for the Catalans Dragons in the Super League, primarily as a or . In 2013, he was diagnosed with brain cancer and subsequently established the Mark Hughes Foundation.
Club career
Hughes played for the Kurri Kurri Bulldogs in their 1995 grand final victory. He then joined the Newcastle Knights and in his debut season he was on the wing in Newcastle's maiden Grand Final victory over Manly in the 1997 Optus Cup final. He subsequently shifted to the centres where he played in the Knights' 2001 NRL grand final victory.
Having won the 2001 NRL Premiership, the Knights traveled to England to play the 2002 World Club Challenge against Super League champions, the Bradford Bulls. Hughes played at centre in Newcastle's loss. Hughes was selected for all three games for the New South Wales Blues in the 2001 Origin series where he played at fullback. In 2011, 10 years after The 2001 final at The once a knight reunion lunch, Hughes spoke about his memories of The 2001 final and the buildup to the game. Hughes said "I remember how nervous and stiff The Parramatta players were and how they were dressed in their "Miami Vice black suits" to the grand final breakfast".
Injuries hampered Hughes' later career and limited his representative appearances. At the end of 2005, he left the Knights to join French club the Catalans Dragons for the 2006 Super League season.
In 2010 he was named fullback of Kurri Rugby League Club's team of the century.
Career highlights
First Grade Debut: 1997 - Round 9, Newcastle Knights v Gold Coast Chargers at Gold Coast Stadium, 3 May. He scored a try on debut.
Representative selection: 2001, State of Origin
Premierships: 1997, Newcastle Knights defeated Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles 22–16 and 2001, Newcastle Knights defeated Parramatta Eels 30–24.
References
1976 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Catalans Dragons players
Country New South Wales Origin rugby league team players
Kurri Kurri Bulldogs players
New South Wales Rugby League State of Origin players
Newcastle Knights players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Kurri Kurri
Garcinia dulcis is a tropical fruit tree native to the Philippines, Java, Lesser Sunda Islands, eastern Indonesia (Sulawesi, Kalimantan, and the Maluku Islands), and Papua New Guinea. It was domesticated early and spread inland into mainland Asia. It is commonly known as mundu or munu in Indonesia and Malaysia, baniti or taklang-anak in the Philippines, and maphuut or ma phut in Thailand.
The tree is harvested from the wild as a local source of food, medicine or dyeing material and is sometimes cultivated for its fruit, which is occasionally sold locally. Garcinia dulcis is not grown commercially.
Description
Garcinia dulcis is an evergreen tree with horizontal branches and a dense, pyramidal crown. It can grow up to 15 metres tall and has a short, straight trunk, which can develop to a size of 30 cm in diameter. The tree grows best in areas where annual daytime temperatures are within the range of 22–30 °C and is well adapted to shade and humid conditions. Flowering usually occurs twice a year after long periods of drought.
Uses
The orange coloured fruits can be eaten fresh; they contain a sour, juicy pulp, which can be preserved into jam. Green dye can be obtained from the bark, when mixed with indigo it gives a brown colour which is used to dye mats. From the unripe fruits a yellow dye, called gamboge, can be extracted, but is considered inferior to other dyes from members of the same genus as Garcinia xanthochymus. Garcinia dulcis also has medicanal purposes; it can be used for the treatment of wounds or scurvy.
See also
Garcinia binucao
Garcinia gummi-gutta
Garcinia morella
References
dulcis
Flora of Myanmar
Flora of Peninsular Malaysia
Flora of the Maluku Islands
Flora of Sulawesi
Flora of the Philippines
Flora of New Guinea
Flora of Queensland
Flora of the Andaman Islands
Flora of the Nicobar Islands
Charles Williams (born September 14, 1953) is a former Canadian football defensive back in the Canadian Football League who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He played college football for the Jackson State Tigers. He also played in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles.
References
1953 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Canadian football defensive backs
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Jackson State Tigers football players
The terms Nobilissimus (most noble) and nobilissima familia (most noble family) have been used since the 11th century for the King of Hungary and his family. But it were then only a few that were mentioned in documents as such:
in the year 1055 Bela I of Hungary.
in the year 1093 Saint Ladislaus I of Hungary.
in the year 1161 Ladislaus II of Hungary.
in the year 1213 Gertrude of Merania.
in the year 1226 Coloman of Lodomeria.
in the year 1386 Saint Hedwig of Poland.
Besides the most noble family of the King of Hungary were three other families mentioned in court verdicts in the 14th century in Hungary and in Dalmatia as "nobilissima familia" (most noble family):
in the year 1322 the most noble family of Budislav de genere Percal in a supreme court verdict in a case about the right of jurisdiction in a village.
in the year 1340 the most noble family of Job Zabroczky de Kesmark, because he could through his genealogy verify, that his family once had come from Dalmatia, because he was the son of Adam, son of Demetrius, son of Jonas, son of Hervard, son of Koloman, son of Gothard, son of Benedictus.
in the year 1360 the most noble family of duke Gilet de Fraknó, because he gave Fraknó back to the crown.
References
Magyar Országos Levéltár
Hungarian noble families
Darma () is a rural municipality located in Salyan District of Karnali Province of Nepal.
It Has established by including 3 VDCs named Dhakadam, Valchaur and Darmakot. The total area of darma rural municipality is 81.46 sq.km
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Salyan District, Nepal
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Rhodacra parvusa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand.
References
Moths described in 1995
Olethreutini
Vertical Interval Timecode (VITC, pronounced "vitsee") is a form of SMPTE timecode encoded on one scan line in a video signal. These lines are typically inserted into the vertical blanking interval of the video signal.
With one exception, VITC contains the same payload as SMPTE linear timecode (LTC), embedded in a new frame structure with extra synchronization bits and an error-detection checksum. The exception is that VITC is encoded twice per interlaced video frame, once in each field, and one additional bit (the "field flag") is used to distinguish the two fields.
A video frame may contain more than one VITC code if necessary, recorded on different lines. This is often used in production, where different entities may want to encode different sets of time-code metadata on the same tape.
As a practical matter, VITC can be more 'frame-accurate' than LTC, particularly at very slow tape speeds on analog formats. LTC readers can lose track of code at slow jog speeds whereas VITC can be read frame-by-frame if need be. Conversely, at high speeds (FF/rew.), the VITC is often unreadable due to image distortions, so the LTC is often used instead. Some VCRs have an auto selection between the two formats to provide the highest accuracy.
VITC is 90 bits long: 32 bits of time code, 32 bits of user data, 18 synchronization bits, and 8 bits of checksum. It is transmitted using non-return-to-zero encoding at a bit rate of 115 times the line rate. (The unused 25 bit times are to leave room for the horizontal blanking interval.)
Bit 14 is set to 1 if drop frame numbering is in use; frame numbers 0 and 1 are skipped during the first second of every minute, except multiples of 10 minutes. This converts 30 frame/second time code to the 29.97 frame/second NTSC standard.
Bit 15, the color framing bit, is set to 1 if the time code is synchronized to a (color) video signal. The frame number modulo 2 (for NTSC and SECAM) or modulo 4 (for PAL) should be preserved across cuts in order to avoid phase jumps in the chrominance subcarrier.
Bits 35, 55, and 75 differ between 25 frame/s time code, and 30/29.97 frame/s. The bits are:
Field flag (bit 35 for 29.97/30 frame/s, bit 75 for 25 frame/s): This is an additional least-significant bit for the frame number, distinguishing the two interlaced fields in one video frame. It is set to 0 during the first field of a frame, and to 1 during the second. This bit replaces the "polarity correction" bit in linear timecode.
"Binary group flag" bits BGF0 and BGF2 (bits 55 and 75 for 29.97/30 frame/s, bits 35 and 55 for 25 frame/s): These indicate the format of the user bits. Both bits zero indicates no (or unspecified) format. Only BGF0 set indicates four 8-bit characters (transmitted little-endian). The combinations with BGF2 set are reserved.
Bit 74 ("Binary group flag 1") was previously unassigned, but is used to indicate that the time code is synchronized to an external clock. If zero, the timecode start time is arbitrary.
The checksum in bits 82–89 is a simple bytewise XOR of the previous 82 bits (including the sync bits, so bit 82 is the XOR of bits 74, 66, ..., 2), which can be described as a CRC with generator polynomial x8+1. (Preset to zero, no inversion.)
The exact nature of the color frame sequence depends on the video standard being used. In the case of the three main composite video standards, PAL video has an 8-field (4 frame) color frame sequence, and NTSC and SECAM both have 4-field (2 frame) color frame sequences.
Preserving the color framing sequence of video across edits and between channels in video effects was an important issue in early analog composite videotape editing systems, as cuts between different color sequences would cause jumps in subcarrier phase, and mixing two signals of different field dominance would result in color artifacts on the part of the signal that was not in sync with the output color frame sequence.
To help prevent these problems, SMPTE time code contains a color framing bit, which can be used to indicate that the video material the timecode refers to follows a standard convention regarding the synchronization of video time code and the color framing sequence. If the color framing bit was set in both types of material, the editing system could then always ensure that color framing was preserved by constraining edit decisions between input sources to keep the correct relationship between the timecode sequences, and hence the color framing sequences.
See also
Related technologies and standards
Linear timecode
Burnt-in timecode
CTL timecode
MIDI timecode
AES-EBU embedded timecode
Rewritable consumer timecode
References
Timecodes
Film and video technology
Create/Destroy/Create is the debut studio album by Canadian indie-rock band Goodnight, Sunrise. It is a loose concept album divided into three movements which deal with the cyclical nature of people's lives. The album can be played in an infinite repeated loop, because it begins and ends with a ticking clock. The album artwork features an intricate ambigram design designed by Polish artist Daniel Dostal. The album had success on Canadian campus radio, charting with !earshot on a number of stations.
Track listing
Personnel
Andrew Charters - bass, backing vocals
David Kochberg - lead vocals, guitar
Vanessa Vakharia - lead vocals, keyboards
Paul Weaver - drums
Chris Sampson - engineering, production
Noah Mintz - mastering
Dean Marino - guitar engineering
References
External links
2013 debut albums
Goodnight, Sunrise albums
There are at least 15 named lakes and reservoirs in Cleburne County, Arkansas.
Lakes
Trestle Hole, , el.
Reservoirs
Betty Brown Lake, , el.
Bullard Lake, , el.
Dunaway Lake, , el.
Greers Ferry Lake, , el.
Greers Ferry Nursery Pond, , el.
Grisso Lake, , el.
Kennedy Lake, , el.
Lake Eden, , el.
Magness Lake, , el.
Miss Jenny Lake, , el.
Parish Lake, , el.
Rodgers Lake, , el.
Sherlock Lake, , el.
Stair Lake, , el.
See also
List of lakes in Arkansas
Notes
Bodies of water of Cleburne County, Arkansas
Cleburne
First Camp, sometimes referred to as First Camp Sverige is a private chain of campgrounds in Sweden and Denmark. First Camp was founded in 2002 when five entrepreneurs within the Swedish tourism industry decided to start the first private chain of campgrounds in Sweden. In 2019, First Camp merged with the other major campsite chain in Scandinavia, Nordic Camping, which was rebranded to First Camp.
Following the merger, the group is Scandinavia's largest campsite chain with 39 campsites in Sweden and 5 in Denmark. Total revenues in 2019 reached almost 400 mn SEK.
References
External links
First Camp's English site
Tourism in Sweden
Johan Tobias Cronje (born 13 April 1982, in Bloemfontein) is a South African track and field athlete who specializes in the 1500 metres event. With a personal best of 3:31.93 he is the current South African record holder in the 1500 metres.
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
800 m – 1:45.64 (Berlin 2013)
1000 m – 2:18.56 (Dubnica nad Váhom 2010)
1500 m – 3:31.93 (Rieti 2013) NR
One mile – 3:50.70 (Eugene 2014) NR
3000 m – 8:02.14 (Torino 2004)
5000 m – 13:59.52 (Germiston 2009)
Indoor
1000 m – 2:18.48 (Stockholm 2008)
1500 m – 3:37.49 (Karlsruhe 2014)
External links
1982 births
Living people
South African male middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of South Africa
World Athletics Championships medalists
Afrikaner people
Sportspeople from Bloemfontein
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for South Africa
South African Athletics Championships winners
Commonwealth Games competitors for South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
African Games competitors for South Africa
Leimbach () is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Martynas Jankus or Martin Jankus (7 August 1858 in Bittehnen (Lit.: Bitėnai), near Ragnit – 23 May 1946 in Flensburg, Germany, reburied in Bitėnai cemetery on 30 May 1993) was a Prussian-Lithuanian printer, social activist and publisher in East Prussia, called the Patriarch of Lithuania Minor. He was one of the publishers of Aušra, the first Lithuanian-language newspaper for both Lithuania Minor and Lithuania Major. Jankus used various pen names, including V. Giedris, Martyneitis, Bitėnų Merčius, and Gyvoleitis.
Biography
After graduating from a primary school in Bitėnai, Jankus continued self-education. From the last decade of the 19th century he was an important figure in the pro-Lithuanian movement, and was close to the Lithuanian National Revival movement in Lithuania. He was one of the founders of several cultural organizations, including the Birutė Society, founded in 1885 in Tilsit. From 1889 to 1892 Jankus was its chairman. In 1890, together with Dovas Zaunius and Jonas Smalakis, Jankus founded the first Lithuanian political organization in East Prussia. He maintained active correspondence with Lithuanian Americans and activists of the Latvian, Polish and Belarusian national movements.
For his public activities Jankus was penalized by the Prussian authorities about forty times – arrests, monetary fines, and the like. He spent his earnings on the publication of Lithuanian books and newspapers during the Lithuanian press ban in Russia. Jankus was one of the suppliers for the knygnešiai, smugglers of illegal books into Russia. After the Russian Empire occupied the Klaipėda Region in December 1914, Jankus and his family were deported to Samara Governorate in Siberia, where his father and his youngest son Andrius died. In 1918, Jankus returned to his homeland, where he actively promoted the idea of incorporating Lithuania Minor into Lithuania proper. In November 1918, Jankus signed the Act of Tilsit. In 1920 he was co-opted into the Council of Lithuania and later became chairman of the Supreme Salvation Committee of Lithuania Minor. In 1925 Jankus returned to live in Bitėnai.
After the Klaipėda Region was seized by Germany following the ultimatum of 1939, Jankus moved to Kaunas, the temporary capital of Lithuania. During the Nazi occupation he was forbidden to deliver public speeches. In 1944 he returned to Bitėnai and was forced to evacuate by Nazi authorities. Martynas Jankus died in Germany, but expressed his will to his daughter that his body should be burned and, when Lithuania had regained independence, his ashes should be moved to the Bitėnai cemetery.
Publisher
During 1882 and 1883 Jankus published Lithuanian songs that he had collected himself. In 1883 he was one of the founders of Aušra, the first Lithuanian-language newspaper. Jankus not only supported the publication financially, but also served as its editor. He also published Aušros kalendorius (1884–1885) and the newspaper Garsas (1886–1887). Jankus was also behind the first Lithuanian-language satirical newspaper Tetutė. Other newspapers published by Jankus include Naujoji Aušra (1892), Lietuviškas darbininkas (1894), Ūkininkų prietelius, Saulėteka (1900–1902), Dienos lapas (1909–1910, Jankus was an editor), Varpas and Ūkininkas. Jankus himself wrote forty-five books and booklets.
Printing house
In 1889 he bought a printing house in Ragnit, which was later moved to Tilsit where it was active until 1892. Then the printing house was moved to Jankus' own house in Bitėnai, where it operated until 1909. At its peak, the house had three printing machines. It is estimated that Jankus's printing house published at least 360 books and twenty-five periodicals. During the Lithuanian press ban in Russia, Bitėnai also served as a warehouse for illegal Lithuanian books and the Aušra archives. After the Lithuanian press ban was lifted in 1904, the printing house lost its significance and went bankrupt in 1909. The equipment was sold in 1912.
Many works by Lithuanian authors were published for the first time by Jankus. Such works included the historical novel Senutė by Vydūnas, over fifty booklets by Petras Vileišis, the first chapter of Metai by Kristijonas Donelaitis, and other works by contemporary Lithuanian authors, including Jonas Biliūnas, Lazdynų Pelėda, Gabrielė Petkevičaitė-Bitė, Antanas Kriščiukaitis-Aišbė, and others.
Awards
1928 – awarded Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas, 3rd level
1938 – awarded Order of Vytautas the Great, 2nd level
1928 – awarded Crown Order by Italy, 3rd level
1939 – bust was built in Kaunas
1981 – Martynas Jankus memorial museum was established in Bitėnai. In 1999 it was moved to the reconstructed Jankus printing house.
References
1858 births
1946 deaths
Lithuania Minor
Lithuanian politicians
Lithuanian ethnographers
Lithuanian book smugglers
Commander's Crosses of the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas
Szaporca () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Mokrishte () is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. the population is 2,090. It located at an altitude of 210 m, at 2,5 km to the south west of Pazardzhik and at 0,1 km of the railway-stop/station Sofia-Plovdiv.
Agriculture is efficient and productive with large areas covered with orchards (apples and pears) and vegetables. Livestock breeding is also well developed (sheep). There is a school and chitalishte.
Villages in Pazardzhik Province
is a third-person shooter video game developed by Yuke's and published by D3 Publisher for the PlayStation 4. It is a spin-off of the Earth Defense Force series, similar to Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon, geared more toward Western audiences with a more serious tone compared to the main series by Sandlot. A Japanese release date was initially set for late 2018, but the game was delayed into 2019. It was released simultaneously worldwide on April 11, 2019.
Gameplay
Like previous entries in the series, Earth Defense Force: Iron Rain is a third-person action shooting game, where the player takes control of an Earth Defense Force (EDF) soldier and battles an onslaught of alien enemies. The game features four soldier classes, the Trooper, Jet Lifter, Heavy Striker, and Prowl Rider, all of which feature the option to play as a male or female soldier. The game uses the same type of ammo system as other EDF games, with most weapons having no ammunition limit and only limited by reloading times. Enemies drop Energy Gems, which can be picked up to power the player's Energy Core. Energy Gems also serve as the in-game currency, which the player collects during missions and can subsequently use to purchase new weapons or apparel for the playable character. On some missions, the enemy Kindred Rebellion faction may enter the combat area to try to loot Energy Gems dropped by fallen Aggressors. While the Rebellion will attack Aggressors, it is also hostile toward the EDF.
In addition to a campaign consisting of 52 total missions, Earth Defense Force: Iron Rain includes multiple online game modes. Players can play the co-op campaign online with up to five other players, or engage in the PvP "Mercenary Mode," where two teams of four compete to collect the most Energy Gems. One team is the EDF, while the other is the Kindred Rebellion, and both battle against waves of Aggressors and the other team to collect all dropped Energy Gems. Two-player split-screen gameplay is also available for the offline campaign.
Reception
Earth Defense Force: Iron Rain has an aggregate score of 69 on Metacritic based on 49 reviews.
Notes
References
2019 video games
D3 Publisher games
Earth Defense Force
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation 4 games
Third-person shooters
Unreal Engine games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Akari Kaida
Windows games
Yuke's games
The Swilcan Bridge, or Swilken Bridge, or Swilcanth as it was known, is a small stone bridge in St Andrews Links golf course, Scotland. The bridge spans the Swilcan Burn between the first and eighteenth fairways on the Old Course, and has become an important image in the sport of golf. The bridge had previously been known as the Golfers' Bridge, and had been known as this for hundreds of years previously.
The bridge itself is extremely small; at its farthest extent it measures about 30 feet long, eight feet wide and six feet tall, in the style of a simple Roman arch. Originally built at least 700 years ago to help shepherds get livestock across, it has the modern photographic advantage of great backdrops on three sides: the course's grand Royal and Ancient Clubhouse and Hamilton Grand on one, often a packed grandstand of enthusiasts on another, and rolling hills facing toward the North Sea, on the last.
It is customary for champions of golf to publicly show some sort of homage or respect to the structure. For example, in early July 2010 at The Open Championship Tom Watson was photographed kissing the bridge. Also, at the 2005 Open Championship, Jack Nicklaus gave his final farewell to professional golf while standing on the bridge.
On the second floor of the World Golf Hall of Fame museum in St. Augustine, Florida, there is a life-size stone replica of the Swilcan Bridge, accompanied with a floor-to-ceiling photograph of the Royal & Ancient clubhouse and Hamilton Hall in the background.
References
External links
Bridges in Fife
History of golf
The 2012–13 Football League (known as the npower Football League for sponsorship reasons) was the 114th season of the Football League. It began in August 2012 and concluded in May 2013, with the promotion play-off finals.
The Football League is contested through three Divisions: the Championship, League One and League Two. The winner and the runner-up of the League Championship are automatically promoted to the Premier League and they will are joined by the winner of the Championship playoff. The bottom two teams in League Two are relegated to the Conference Premier.
Promotion and relegation
From Premier League
Relegated to Championship
Bolton Wanderers
Blackburn Rovers
Wolverhampton Wanderers
From Championship
Promoted to Premier League
Reading
Southampton
West Ham United
Relegated to League One
Portsmouth
Coventry City
Doncaster Rovers
From League One
Promoted to Championship
Charlton Athletic
Sheffield Wednesday
Huddersfield Town
Relegated to League Two
Wycombe Wanderers
Chesterfield
Exeter City
Rochdale
From League Two
Promoted to League One
Swindon Town
Shrewsbury Town
Crawley Town
Crewe Alexandra
Relegated to Conference Premier
Hereford United
Macclesfield Town
From Conference Premier
Promoted to League Two
Fleetwood Town
York City
Championship
Table
Play-offs
Results
League One
Table
Play-offs
Results
League Two
Table
Play-offs
Results
Managerial changes
References
External links
Football League website
BBC Sport
2012-13
2012–13 in English football leagues
Janey O'Neil Buchan ( Kent; 30 April 1926 – 14 January 2012) was a Scottish Labour Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Glasgow constituency from 1979 to 1994.
Early life
Jane Kent was born in Glasgow, a city where her father Joseph was a tram driver, and her mother Chrissie Sinclair was a domestic servant. She left school at the age of 14, and worked as a typist. Both parents were members of the Communist Party, and she was a member of the Young Communist League in her early life; she left the Communist Party after 1956.
She attended commercial college and was a councillor on Strathclyde Regional Council from 1974 to 1979, when she was elected to the European Parliament in the in 1979 for the first time. As an MEP she sat on the European Parliament's Culture Committee as well as being involved in the Scottish Arts Council and Scottish Gas Consumers Council. She was Life President of the Scottish Minorities Group (later Scottish Homosexual Rights Group and subsequently Outright Scotland).
Her lifetime of activity encompassed many fields. She was an early and active campaigner against apartheid and for nuclear disarmament. She was a supporter of Scottish traditional music and arts, and booked Pete Seeger for his first concert abroad after his passport was reissued in 1961. She helped run the People's Festival in 1949–52 during the Edinburgh Festival; the events she worked on helped create the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. As a Glasgow city councillor, she organised the first charity Christmas card sales in the UK. As a member of the council's arts committee, she was instrumental in providing funding for the first films made by Bill Forsyth, who went on to direct major UK and Hollywood films including Local Hero.
Personal life
In 1946, at the age of 19 Jane Kent married Norman Buchan, a schoolteacher who later became Labour MP from 1964 for West Renfrewshire, and later Paisley South. He died in 1990. Janey Buchan died at a nursing home in Brighton, East Sussex, in 2012, aged 85 years. She was survived by her brother, Enoch Kent, her son Alasdair (a journalist), four grandchildren and one great-grandson.
The papers of Norman and Janey Buchan were donated to Glasgow Caledonian University. The Janey Buchan Political Song Collection is held in the University of Glasgow's School of Culture and Creative Arts. Her parliamentary papers are also archived. In 2019, she was one of the candidates for "Greatest Glaswegian" in the Glasgow Times.
References
External links
1926 births
2012 deaths
Councillors in Glasgow
Scottish Labour councillors
Scottish Labour MEPs
MEPs for Scotland 1979–1984
MEPs for Scotland 1984–1989
MEPs for Scotland 1989–1994
20th-century women MEPs for Scotland
Women councillors in Glasgow
Lord Frederick Montagu (8 November 1774 – 4 October 1827) was a British politician. He was Postmaster General between 1826 and 1827.
Background
Montagu was a younger son of George Montagu, 4th Duke of Manchester, and Elizabeth, daughter of Sir James Dashwood, 2nd Baronet. William Montagu, 5th Duke of Manchester, was his elder brother. He was educated at Harrow School.
Political career
Montagu sat as Member of Parliament for Huntingdonshire between 1796 and 1806 and between 1818 and 1820. He served under the Earl of Liverpool as Postmaster General between 1826 and 1827.
Personal life
Montagu died unmarried in October 1827, aged 52.
References
External links
1774 births
1827 deaths
Younger sons of dukes
People educated at Harrow School
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1796–1800
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1801–1802
UK MPs 1802–1806
UK MPs 1818–1820
United Kingdom Postmasters General
Frederick
Milan Cheylov is a Canadian television director/producer. A professional stage actor at 15, Cheylov ran Bootleg Theatre in Toronto for ten years. He acted in theatre, television and film for almost twenty years. He started producing and directing short films and television shows in his mid-twenties. Cheylov moved to LA in 2006 to direct the Emmy-Award-winning action drama "24" (where he also became a producer), among many others. He has directed over 150 episodes of television, from drama ("24", "Dexter", "Agents of Shield", "Once Upon A Time", "Prison Break") to comedy ("Rosewood", "Las Vegas", "Chuck", "The Chris Isaak Show"). He was Co-Executive producer on Fox TV's "Rosewood", and most recently was Co-Executive Producer on ABC's "Station 19". Cheylov is married to NY Times-bestselling author Lori Lansens ("The Girls", "Rush Home Road", "The Mountain Story", upcoming "This Little Light"). They have two children and live in Los Angeles.
As a director, some of his television credits include:
Street Legal
Flash Forward
The Famous Jett Jackson
PSI Factor: Chronicles of the Paranormal
Earth: Final Conflict
Relic Hunter
Monk
The Chris Isaak Show
The 4400
Las Vegas
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Prison Break
24 (also supervising producer)
Bones
Person of Interest
The Finder
Once Upon a Time
The Event
Dexter
Rizzoli & Isles
Wisdom of the Crowd
Station 19
Deputy
The Cleaning Lady
FBI: International
As an actor, he had a regular role on the television series The Edison Twins as well as guest starring on the shows The Twilight Zone, Night Heat, Diamonds and doing voice work on Star Wars: Droids.
References
External links
Living people
Canadian people of Russian descent
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian expatriates in the United States
Canadian male film actors
Canadian film editors
Film directors from Toronto
Canadian film producers
Canadian male television actors
Canadian television directors
Canadian television producers
Canadian male voice actors
The (German) or (Danish) is a transport corridor between Copenhagen, Denmark, and Hamburg, Germany.
As the Danish and German names (literally: bird flight line) imply, the corridor is also an important bird migration route between arctic Scandinavia and Central Europe.
History
Proposals for a more direct "bird flight line" date back from the 1920s. Construction was started on the Danish side in 1941 after the Nazi occupation force pushed the matter, but work was halted again in 1946. After World War II, Warnemünde (near Rostock) was included in the territory of East Germany. Political divisions made traffic between Denmark and West Germany via Warnemünde inconvenient.
From 1951 to 1963 a ferry line from Gedser to Großenbrode operated as a temporary solution. In addition, traffic between Copenhagen and Hamburg would either be directed over the Great Belt ferry, Funen and Jutland or the Gedser-Warnemünde ferry. Construction of the "bird flight line" was restarted in 1949 and completed in 1963.
On 14 December 2019 at 20:02 the last train from DSB and Deutsche Bahn arrived in Rødbyhavn. Trains between Hamburg and Copenhagen will run via Funen and Jutland until the Fehmarnbelt connection is completed. The rail ferry was discontinued because service would have been degraded massively while works on Sydbanen are ongoing.
Ferry link
The core of the connection is the ferry link between Rødby (Denmark) and Puttgarden (Germany). The line is operated by Scandlines. Ferries take 45 minutes and operate twice an hour, 24 hours a day.
The projected Fehmarn Belt Fixed Link, an undersea tunnel, will replace the ferries. Danish-German negotiations on 29 June 2007 culminated in an agreement to complete the link by 2028, essentially on the basis of Danish funding.
Landside connections
Road
The road connection consists of:
European route E47 on the Danish side.
Autobahn A1 (European routes E 47 and E22) on the German side, and the two-lane Bundesstraße 207/E 47 on the northernmost section. An additional of motorway was completed by 2008, still leaving the last a two-lane road.
Railway
The rail connection consists of:
of double track from Copenhagen to Vordingborg; maximum speed 160 to 180 km/h (99 to 112 mph); electrified for to Ringsted
of single track from Vordingborg to Rødby; maximum speed
of single track from Puttgarden to Lübeck
of double track from Lübeck to Hamburg, electrified.
Until 2019, three to five EuroCity trains a day in each direction used train ferries to provide passenger services between Copenhagen and Hamburg, operated with DBAG Class 605 trains by Deutsche Bahn (out of service since 2017) and Danish IC3 trains. With the completion of the Great Belt Bridge freight trains are no longer directed via Rødby-Puttgarden, but via Funen and Jutland. Since the end of 2019, passenger trains have also used this route, which is longer but around 20 minutes faster and allows longer trains. Only some of the IC3 trains were capable of going to Germany.
These current bridges and tunnels are part of the connection:
Masnedsund Bridge and Storstrøm Bridge, Sealand/Falster (rail)
Farø Bridges, Sealand/Falster (motorway E47)
Frederick IX Bridge, Falster/Lolland (two-lane road and rail)
Guldborgsund Tunnel, Falster/Lolland (motorway E47)
Rødbyhavn (harbour, Denmark)
Puttgarden (harbour, Germany)
Fehmarn Sound bridge, Fehmarn/Germany (two-lane road E47 and rail)
High-speed railway under construction
The 'Railway axis Fehmarn Belt' is the Priority Project 20 of the Trans-European Transport Network (TEN-T) that seeks to establish a high-speed rail line Copenhagen–Hamburg, and which central section is the Fehmarn Belt Tunnel's railway. In the north, it connects to the Øresund Bridge/Drogden Tunnel (Priority Project 11) and the Nordic Triangle railway/road axis (Priority Project 12), and in the south to Bremen and Hanover. The full line currently under construction consists of several new railways to be built and old railways to be upgraded, to achieve at least a maximum speed of 200 km/h on all sections:
Copenhagen–Ringsted Line, opened on 31 May 2019, currently operating at 180 km/h, upgrading to 250 km/h in 2023.
Sydbanen (Ringsted–Rødbyhavn), new tracks to be laid by 2021, to be electrified to reach 200 km/h by 2024.
Fehmarn Belt Tunnel (Rødbyhavn–Puttgarden), 200 km/h, to be completed in 2028. (since revised)
Puttgarden–Lübeck railway, to be electrified and upgraded to reach 200 km/h up from the current 100–160 km/h. The new Fehmarn Sound Tunnel (to be completed in 2028) is part of this section.
Lübeck–Hamburg railway, to be upgraded to reach 200 km/h.
Beeline in pictures
See also
Scandlines
Fehmarn Belt Fixed Link
Gedser-Rostock bridge
References
External links
Scandlines
Connections across the Baltic Sea
Road transport in Germany
Transport in Denmark
Railway lines in Schleswig-Holstein
International transport
Rail transport in Germany
20th-century introductions
Train ferries
Fugleflugtslinjen
International trade
Trade routes
Denmark–Germany relations
Queen Elizabeth's Men was a playing company or troupe of actors in English Renaissance theatre. Formed in 1583 at the express command of Queen Elizabeth, it was the dominant acting company for the rest of the 1580s, as the Admiral's Men and the Lord Chamberlain's Men would be in the decade that followed.
Foundation
Since the Queen instigated the formation of the company, its inauguration is well documented by Elizabethan standards. The order came down on 10 March 1583 (new style) to Edmund Tilney, then the Master of the Revels; though Sir Francis Walsingham, head of intelligence operations for the Elizabethan court, was the official assigned to assemble the personnel. At that time the Earl of Sussex, who had been the court official in charge of the Lord Chamberlain's Men in its first Elizabethan incorporation, was nearing death. The Queen's Men assumed the same functional role in the Elizabethan theatrical landscape as the Lord Chamberlain's Men before and after them did: it was the company most directly responsible for providing entertainment at court (although other companies also performed before the Queen).
The task of convening the new troupe apparently needed Walsingham's strong arm, since it was assembled by raiding the best performers from the companies existing at the time. But it also signaled a new awareness on behalf of the Queen and the privy council of the potential for combining theatrical and espionage activities, since players frequently traveled, both nationally and internationally, and could serve the crown in multiple ways, including the collection of information useful to Walsingham's spy network. Leicester's Men, till then the leading company of the day, lost three to the new assemblage (Robert Wilson, John Laneham, and William Johnson), while Oxford's troupe lost both of its leading men, the brothers John and Laurence Dutton; Sussex's Men were pillaged of leader John Adams and star clown Richard Tarlton. Other prominent members of the new company were John Singer, William Knell and the "inimitable" John Bentley. Tarlton quickly became the star of the Queen's Men – "for a wondrous plentiful pleasant extemporal wit, he was the wonder of his time."
It has been proposed that Elizabeth had a specific political motive behind the formation of the company. Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester and Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford were using their companies of players to compete for attention and prestige at each year's Christmas festivities at Court; Elizabeth and her councillors apparently judged the competition, and the noblemen's egos, to be getting out of hand. By culling the best players in their troupes to form her own, she slapped down ambitious aristocrats and asserted her own priority.
Status
Their genesis made Queen Elizabeth's Men unique among the acting companies of the age: "The Queen's Men were a deliberately political company in origin, and their repertory appears to have followed the path no doubt pointed out for them by Sir Francis Walsingham." In the plays they acted, "one finds no conflict or disturbance that is not settled in the interests of Tudor conservatism." The political controversies that marked later companies and plays – The Isle of Dogs, The Isle of Gulls, and others – did not occur with the Queen's Men. They may, however, have run afoul of higher authorities in 1589, shortly before their dissolution, for involving themselves too vigorously in the Martin Marprelate episode by parodying Martin on the public stage.
The Queen's company was officially authorized to play at two locations in London, the Bel Savage Inn on Ludgate Hill, and the Bell Inn in Gracechurch Street, within the City near Bishopsgate in the western wall. The former was a large open-air venue, but the latter may have been enclosed. With this arrangement, Queen Elizabeth's Men may have anticipated the dual summer and winter playing sites that the King's Men achieved only a quarter-century later with the Globe and Blackfriars Theatres.
Dominance
The creation of the company took advantage of the growing versatility and professionalism of the community of actors in this era. Elizabeth's Court had had a troupe of interlude players in previous years and decades; but they were judged unsatisfactory, and the Court depended on the companies of child actors for better-quality entertainment. But as John Stow wrote of this period in his Annals (1615):
Comedians and stage-players of former times were very poor and ignorant...but being now grown very skillful and exquisite actors for all matters, they were entertained into the service of diverse great lords: out of which there were twelve of the best chosen, and...were sworn the Queen's servants and were allowed wages and liveries as Grooms of the Chamber."
The company entertained at Court primarily in the winter, and during the summer they toured the towns of the shires; they may have reached as far as Scotland in 1589. In London they were initially allowed to perform only at the Bull and Bell Inns – though in later years they may have acted at James Burbage's Theatre as well.
The number of twelve founding members is more revealing than it seems at first: Queen Elizabeth's Men was the first large company of actors in English Renaissance theatre, twice the size of its predecessors. (Sussex's Men had six members in the 1570s. When Elsinore Castle receives a troupe of touring players in Hamlet, Act II, scene ii, their number is only "four or five." The players in Sir Thomas More are "four men and a boy....") The size of the new company enabled it to act a new kind of play, built on a larger scale than ever before. In particular, the development of the history play, which was such a distinctive feature of the later 1580s and the 1590s, would not have been possible without a large company to handle the performances. The Famous Victories of Henry V (c. 1583), one of the earliest of this type of play, has twenty speaking parts in the first 500 lines; and the plays that were to follow, including Shakespeare's histories, are constructed on a similar scale. These were, in effect, the "Hollywood spectaculars" of their era, and represent a leap to a new level of complexity and professionalism; before the establishment of the Queen's Men, such plays would have been unactable. When the Queen's Men were finally supplanted at Court in the winter of 1591–92, it required an assemblage of personnel from both the Admiral's Men and Lord Strange's Men to fill their place.
An extreme instance of the above phenomenon may be found in the example of the Queen's Men's production of The True Tragedy of Richard III. By one reconstruction, four actors were required to play seven roles each, and the boy actors, unusually, also had to double roles, for the Queen's Men to fill the 68 separate roles in the play.
Decline
William Knell was killed in 1587 in a sword fight when he got into an argument with another actor of the troupe, one John Towne. Richard Tarlton died in 1588, at a time when Queen Elizabeth's Men were facing new competition from the Admiral's Men, who were playing the plays of Christopher Marlowe with Edward Alleyn in the leads. The character of the troupe also changed around this time; they were joined by John Symons and other acrobats from Lord Strange's Men. And with this different emphasis and orientation, they appear to have lost the high regard they previously enjoyed. They played only once at Court in the 1591 Christmas season, while a combination of Admiral's and Lord Strange's Men performed six times in the same period. The disruption of the 1592–93 period, when the London theatres were closed due to bubonic plague and the companies of actors struggled to survive, hit the Queen's company hard. When the actors re-organized themselves in 1594, primarily in the re-formed Lord Chamberlain's and Admiral's companies, Queen Elizabeth's Men were passé. John Singer completed his stage career with a decade with the Admiral's Men; the others toured the provinces and sold off their play books to London stationers.
(A nucleus of the company may have continued on for some years, under other names and with other patrons. Two of the Queen's Men, John Garland and Francis Henslowe, were later with Lennox's Men, under the patronage of Ludovic Stuart, 2nd Duke of Lennox; that company toured the countryside from 1604 to 1608.)
Plays
Because of the publication of some of their plays in the early 1590s, the repertory of Queen Elizabeth's Men is known to a limited degree. The following plays were acted by the company:
The Famous Victories of Henry V
Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay (Robert Greene)
James IV (Robert Greene)
King Leir
A Looking Glass for London and England (Robert Greene and Thomas Lodge)
The Old Wives' Tale (George Peele)
Sir Clyomon and Sir Clamydes
The Troublesome Reign of King John
The True Tragedy of Richard III
Notes
References
Chambers, E. K. The Elizabethan Stage. 4 Volumes, Oxford, Clarendon Press, 1923.
Gurr, Andrew. The Shakespearean Stage 1574–1642. Third edition, Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 1992.
Halliday, F. E. A Shakespeare Companion 1564–1964. Baltimore, Penguin, 1964.
McMillin, Scott. The Elizabethan Theatre and "The Book of Sir Thomas More." Ithaca, N.Y., Cornell University Press, 1987.
McMillin, Scott, and Sally-Beth MacLean. The Queen's Men and Their Plays. Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 1998.
English early modern theatre companies
1583 establishments in England
William Shakespeare
The National People's Congress Financial and Economic Affairs Committee () is one of nine special committees of the National People's Congress, the national legislature of the People's Republic of China. The special committee was created during the first session of the 6th National People's Congress in March 1983, and has existed in every National People's Congress since.
Chairpersons
References
Financial and Economic Affairs Committee
Troy Dye (born September 18, 1996) is an American football middle linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Oregon.
Early years
Dye attended Norco High School in Norco, California. He played safety in high school. As a senior he had 105 tackles and four interceptions. He committed to the University of Oregon to play college football.
College career
Dye was a four-year starter at Oregon. As a freshman in 2016 he started nine of 11 games, finishing with a team-high 92 tackles, 6.5 sacks and one interception. As a sophomore in 2017, he started all 13 games and again led the team in tackles with 107 and had four sacks and one interception. He led the team in tackles for a third straight year his junior year in 2018 with 115 and added two sacks and an interception over 13 starts. Dye returned for his senior year in 2019, rather than enter the 2019 NFL Draft.
Professional career
Dye was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the fourth round (132nd overall) of the 2020 NFL Draft. He was placed on injured reserve on September 24, 2020. He was activated on October 31, 2020.
Personal life
His brother, Travis Dye, plays running back at USC. His brother, Tony Dye, played free safety for the Cincinnati Bengals, for coach Mike Zimmer, Troy's former coach in Minnesota.
References
External links
Oregon Ducks bio
1996 births
Living people
People from Norco, California
Players of American football from California
Sportspeople from Riverside County, California
American football linebackers
Oregon Ducks football players
Minnesota Vikings players
Victor Leonard Floyd (born January 24, 1966) is a former American football running back in the National Football League who played for the San Diego Chargers. He played college football for the Florida State Seminoles. He also played in the World League of American Football for the Sacramento Surge and New York/New Jersey Knights and in the Arena Football League for the Orlando Predators.
References
1966 births
Living people
American football running backs
San Diego Chargers players
Sacramento Surge players
New York/New Jersey Knights players
Orlando Predators players
Florida State Seminoles football players
is a puzzle game for iOS and Android, developed and published by Mobcast with Resonair as co-developer. It was the second smartphone game in the Lumines series after Lumines: Touch Fusion. The objective is to rotate and drop 2×2 blocks to create squares of the same color as a vertical line sweeps across the board to erase completed squares and award points to the player. It was released in Japan, Australia, and New Zealand on July 19, 2016, and later worldwide on September 1, 2016.
Creator of the Lumines series, Tetsuya Mizuguchi, decided to work with Mobcast and Resonair after discovering the previous rights holder, Q Entertainment, had quit the video game business. Mobcast was responsible for developing the game and Resonair provided visual concepts. The game received downloadable content in the form of albums, a freemium version titled Lumines: Puzzle & Music Neo, and a lite version for Facebook. It was well-received by critics with praise focused on the touch controls, songs, and visuals while also criticizing the amount of content in the initial release of the game. Distribution of Lumines: Puzzle & Music ended on March 17, 2020.
Gameplay
Lumines: Puzzle & Music is a tile-matching puzzle game. Stages are composed of a 12×10 playing field with a series of 2×2 blocks varying between two-color blocks falling from the top of the playing field. The game is played using the touchscreen interface of the players' smartphone devices. Players can move the blocks left or right by swiping towards its corresponding direction on the screen, tap it to rotate, and swipe downward to drop the block instantly. A vertical line known as a "timeline" sweeps across the playing field from left to right and erases any 2×2 squares it touches. The goal is to manipulate the blocks to create 2×2 squares of the same color in order for the timeline to erase them and grant points. Multiple squares can be combined and share the same blocks. Two special blocks exist in the game: Shuffle and Chain. Shuffle blocks randomize any group of blocks in the playing field that it touches. Chain blocks link any adjacent blocks of the same color together, allowing them to be erased by the timeline without needing to create a square. There are two game modes: Album mode where players can play a set of tracks, and Single Skin mode where players can choose a Skin and play it endlessly. Time Attack mode was introduced on March 2, 2017. In Time Attack mode, players attempt to reach the highest possible score within 90 seconds.
Development and release
In March 2014, concept creator of the Lumines series, Tetsuya Mizuguchi, resigned from Q Entertainment. After leaving the company, Mizuguchi learned Q Entertainment quit the video game business which led him to approach Mobcast and Resonair in co-developing a new Lumines title for smartphones. In January 2015, the rights to both Lumines and Meteos were acquired by Mobcast, which announced the development of a new Lumines mobile game. The rights for Lumines were originally intended to be moved to Enhance Games but was instead transferred to Resonair. The game was originally titled Lumines 2016 but was later officially named Lumines: Puzzle & Music. Mizuguchi served as producer and supervisor of the game; Eiichiro Ishige, who also left Q Entertainment, provided concepts for visuals as part of Resonair while Mobcast was responsible for programming the game. Both Mizuguchi and Eiichiro chose to have the game be vertical-oriented instead of horizontal based on feedback from player testers. Mobcast spent seven months refining the touch controls on the game including swipe speed, angle, distance, and hold times.
Lumines Puzzle & Music released on iOS and Android on July 12, 2016, in Japan, New Zealand, and Australia and on September 1, 2016, worldwide. The initial game includes two albums, one composed of eight new songs and the other of six songs from the original game, including Mondo Grosso's "Shinin'". Another Lumines mobile title, a free-to-play entry titled Lumines Vs. was scheduled to release in the 4th quarter of 2016 but no news came after its announcement. Instead, a freemium version of Puzzle & Music titled was released on November 21, 2016. The freemium version included the "Rez Pack" playlist made up of six songs from the original Rez video game. A lite version of the game was made available worldwide on Facebook Instant Games on December 26, 2016. Distribution of both the paid and freemium versions of the game ended on March 17, 2020.
Additional playlist packs were released for purchase. On September 9, 2016, Mobcast released the "Ultra Japan Pack" playlist which contained songs that were performed on Ultra Japan of 2016. On November 16, 2016, Mobcast released the "Sekai No Owari Pack" playlist containing five songs from the band Sekai no Owari. On March 30, 2017, Mobcast released the "Retro Game Remix Pack" playlist which contained remix songs from Xevious, Pac-Man, and Tower of Druaga as a collaboration with Bandai Namco.
Reception
Luminess: Puzzle & Music was received positively among critics. It received an aggregated score of 84 out of 100 based on six reviews. Pocket Gamer praised the game for maintaining the experience as its predecessors despite using a free-to-play business model, calling it "solid" and "dependable". Hardcore Gamer complimented the visuals, music, and for its transitioning into smartphones. However, Hardcore Gamer also gave criticism the touch controls on the game still had a delay and would have preferred the ability to use a game controller. TouchArcade compared the game to its predecessor Lumines Touch Fusion, noting that both versions had good music, however, Puzzle & Music had better controls than Touch Fusion. DigitallyDownloaded.net praised the gameplay for being able to be played in short sessions.
A common criticism is the amount of content the game has. TouchArcade criticized the number of game modes but ultimately praised the game stating it would be unrealistic for wanting more. Both Gamezebo and DigitallyDownloaded.net were disappointed in this but remained hopeful for future downloadable content.
References
Notes
References
External links
Official Site
2016 video games
Android (operating system) games
IOS games
Puzzle video games
Video games developed in Japan
Lumines
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League for the 1992–93 season.
Overview
Bahrain Riffa Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1992–93 in Bahraini football
New Waterford Girl is a 1999 Canadian comedy-drama film directed by Allan Moyle, and written by Tricia Fish. It stars Liane Balaban as Agnes-Marie "Mooney" Pottie, a teenager in New Waterford, Nova Scotia who dreams of life beyond her small-town home. She is inspired and fascinated when Lou Benzoa (Tara Spencer-Nairn), an idiosyncratic girl from New York City, moves into the house next door. Agnes learns Lou has a talent for boxing, leading to her taking Lou in as “muscle” in an attempt to make some changes around town.
The film's cast also includes Mary Walsh, Nicholas Campbell, Cathy Moriarty, Andrew McCarthy, Mark McKinney, Bette MacDonald, Ashley MacIsaac, Krista MacDonald, Cassie MacDonald, Darren Keay and Patrick Joyce.
Plot
Agnes-Marie “Mooney” Pottie is a 15-year-old girl and black sheep of her family who is sick of her life in the isolated coastal community of New Waterford. She is considered an exceptional student by her depressive, semi-alcoholic English teacher, Cecil Sweeney, who also nurtures an inappropriate crush towards Mooney that is not reciprocated. Based on her talent, Cecil suggests she should attend an arts school in New York City. Mooney manages to get a scholarship at one school, but her religious parents, Francis and Cookie, refuse to let her go.
When a family from New York City moves in next door, Mooney quickly becomes friends with the eldest daughter, Lou. Lou is the daughter of a jailed boxer, and though she is of modest stature, she is able to knock men out when they are lying, something the devoutly Catholic townspeople consider as something of a religious miracle. Lou develops a side hustle, knocking out the unfaithful men of the town in exchange for money from their wronged girlfriends. Meanwhile, Mooney concocts a plan to leave town. She begins to openly kiss different boys in town in order to gain a reputation for promiscuity, though she never actually has sex with any of them.
Not wanting to be left out, many boys claim they have slept with Mooney. Mooney then tells her parents she is pregnant, which she knows will cause them to send her away where she can then escape and run away to Manhattan. However, the plan backfires as the boys of the town, having wised up to Moonie's plan, threaten to reveal the truth about never having slept with Mooney. Though Mooney orders Lou to punch them out to show they are liars, they do not fall down when she hits them which shows they are telling the truth. Joey, one of the boys, gives the girls an ultimatum—Lou must face off with New Waterford's reigning boxing champion in a match, or Mooney's secret will be made public.
Lou ends up winning the match, but Mooney sees Joey outing her to her father anyway. Her father now believes she lied about being promiscuous primarily to cover up the fact that the father of her baby is Cecil. Francis goes to confront Cecil at his trailer, which sits on the edge of a cliff. Cecil, grasping what is going on, claims he is the father and kisses Mooney. Mooney's mother, arriving in time to see the kiss, gets in her car and rams it several times into Cecil's trailer, causing it to topple over the cliff and land on the beach below.
Later, Mooney boards a train to Antigonish, Nova Scotia, where she is to spend the rest of her supposed pregnancy. After exchanging goodbyes with her family, Mooney is given a letter by her mother just before leaving. Seeing her tearful family, she announces she wants to stay. Her mother orders her to get back on the train. On the train, Mooney reads the letter which reveals that her mother knows what her plans are and wishes her luck.
Cast
Liane Balaban as Agnes-Marie “Mooney” Pottie
Andrew McCarthy as Cecil Sweeney
Nicholas Campbell as Francis Pottie
Tara Spencer-Nairn as Lou Benzoa
Mary Walsh as Cookie Pottie
Cathy Moriarty as Midge Benzoa
Mark McKinney as Doctor Hogan
Darren Keay as Lexter Pottie
Kevin Curran as Joey
Krista MacDonald as Betty-Anne Pottie
Cassie MacDonald as Darlene Pottie
Adrien Dixon as Felix Pottie
Patrick Joyce as Darcy Benzoa
Bette McDonald as Fry Cook #2
Ashley MacIsaac as Town Fiddler
Production
At the time of production, lead actress Liane Balaban was not an actress. She met producer Julia Sereny at a relative's Seder and was invited to audition for the role.
Reception
New Waterford Girl has a rating of 92% based on 12 reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. A.O. Scott of The New York Times wrote the film "is not exactly a new story, but the filmmakers' sense of local color, their springy, disjointed narrative style and a general refusal on their part or the actors' to stoop to caricature give this version a freshness and intensity that recall the television series "My So-Called Life" of blessed memory."
Writing for The Village Voice, Amy Taubin said the film is "a tender and hilarious vision of female adolescence," and praised Allen Moyle's direction, commenting "New Waterford may be a one-street town, but the Nova Scotia coast has a rough, romantic beauty, and the closer Mooney comes to getting out, the more she feels the pull of the place. Moyle shows us Nova Scotia through Mooney's eyes—a gray sky softly edged with pink at sunset, a brilliantly blue wooden house."
References
External links
New Waterford Girl at Rotten Tomatoes
1999 films
English-language Canadian films
1990s English-language films
Canadian coming-of-age comedy-drama films
Films set in Nova Scotia
Films shot in Nova Scotia
1990s coming-of-age comedy-drama films
Canadian teen films
Canadian boxing films
Films about women's sports
Films directed by Allan Moyle
Films set in the 1970s
1999 comedy films
1999 drama films
Films about Catholicism
Films about friendship
1990s female buddy films
1990s Canadian films
The Daihatsu Costa is a concept car introduced at the 2005 Tokyo Motor Show. It is basically a city car designed to be taken to the beach.
The Costa weighs 1,654 pounds (750 kg) and has no doors, similar to a golf cart. It is powered by a 660 cc turbocharged 3-cylinder engine. Its light weight and comparatively powerful engine make it relatively fast for its size.
There are no plans to bring the Costa into production.
References
Tokyo Motor Show 2005 Highlights (Costa featured)
Daihatsu Costa Concept - Automobile Magazine
IGN: 2005 Tokyo Motor Show - Part 2 (with Costa)
Costa
The olivaceous piha (Snowornis cryptolophus) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. In regard to population density and range this species is not considered vulnerable.
Habitat
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
olivaceous piha
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
olivaceous piha
olivaceous piha
olivaceous piha
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2016 Sun Belt Conference football season was the 16th season in which the Sun Belt Conference operated a football league, and was part of the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The season began on September 1 with Appalachian State facing Tennessee. This was the third season for the Sun Belt since realignment that took effect in 2014, which added the tenth and eleventh members — Idaho and New Mexico State. Both teams were previously independents before joining the conference. The Sun Belt Conference is a "Group of Five" conference under the College Football Playoff format along with the American Athletic Conference, Conference USA, the Mid-American Conference, and the Mountain West Conference.
In this season, the Sun Belt football conference included 11 members: Appalachian State, Arkansas State, Georgia Southern, Georgia State, Idaho, Louisiana–Lafayette, Louisiana–Monroe, New Mexico State, South Alabama, Texas State, and Troy. The conference championship was determined by win–loss record within the conference.
Arkansas State entered the season as defending Sun Belt champions, as they went undefeated in 2015 conference play. The Red Wolves went on to lose to Louisiana Tech in the New Orleans Bowl 28–47.
Preseason
2016 predictions
The 2016 preseason coaches predictions were released on July 21, 2016, with the vote conducted by the head football coaches of each conference school. Appalachian State was picked to win the conference for the first time in school history. After coming second in the conference last year which resulted a trip to the Camellia Bowl, the Mountaineers returned 22 starters on the field for the upcoming season. Arkansas State, which had won at least a share of the conference title in four of the previous five seasons and was returning 13 starters (6 on offense, 7 on defense), was tapped to finish second.
Below are the results of the coaches poll with total points received next to each school and first-place votes in parentheses.
1. Appalachian State – 114 (5)
2. Arkansas State – 110 (5)
3. Georgia Southern – 98 (1)
4. Georgia State – 73
5. Louisiana–Lafayette – 70
6. Troy – 70
7. South Alabama – 62
8. Idaho – 48
9. New Mexico State – 37
10. Texas State – 30
11. Louisiana–Monroe – 14
References:
Season
For the first time in the 16-year history of Sun Belt football, a team from the conference was ranked in the top 25 of the AP Poll. In Week 11, the Troy Trojans, with a record of 8-1, received the #25 spot in the AP Poll. The Trojans lost their next game, to Arkansas State, to drop back out of the rankings.
Sun Belt vs other Conferences
Sun Belt vs Power Conference matchups
This is a list of the power conference teams (ACC, Big Ten, Big 12, Pac-12, SEC) Sun Belt played in non-conference play. (Rankings from the AP Poll):
2016 records against non-conference opponents
Regular Season
Postseason
Players of the Year
2016 Sun Belt Player of the Year awards
All-Sun BeltTeam
Coaches All-Conference Selections
Honorable Mention: Appalachian State: Barrett Burns, A. J. Howard, Taylor Lamb, Myquon Stout; Arkansas State: Justice Hansen, Chris Humes, Waylon Roberson, Kendall Sanders; Georgia Southern: Kevin Ellison, Darius Jones, Jr., Ukeme Eligwe, B. J. Johnson III; Georgia State: Shawanye Lawrence, Alonzo McGee, Keith Rucker, Chandon Sullivan; Idaho: Trent Cowan, Kaden Elliss, Tony Lashley, Jordan Rose; Louisiana-Lafayette: Keenan Barnes, Karmichael Dunbar, Eddie Gordon, Tre'maine Lightfoot; Louisiana-Monroe: Justin Backus, David Griffith, Ajalen Holley, Frank Sutton, Jr.; New Mexico State: Kourtland Busby, Greg Hogan, Anthony McMeans, Tyler Rogers; South Alabama Roman Buchanan, Kalen Jackson, Xavier Johnson, Kevin Kutchera; Troy: Ryan Kay, William Lloyd, Kamryn Melton, Baron Poole; Texas State: Aaron Brewer, Bryan London, Gabe Loyd , Jordan Mittie.
Home attendance
Bold – Exceed capacity
†Season High
References
Mircan Kaia (Mircan Kaya) is a singer, songwriter with a distinctive voice and an engineer from Turkey with her roots in Georgia who has produced several albums and directed and coordinated international engineering projects.
Early years
Born in a mountain village in the Black Sea Region of Turkey, the daughter of a Laz family, Mircan's life is the primary source of her music. In her early childhood years she went through a period where she listened so intensely that her family thought she could not speak. Ever since, Mircan has preferred sitting in silence so she can call to mind the sounds of nature.
She started singing very early, in infancy, when she would rather sing adult songs than those for babies and children. Singing with orchestras in wedding ceremonies became an activity for her. She got her first guitar when she was 12 years old.
While attending the university for her engineering degree, she was singing at the classical Turkish music chorus of the university, doing traditional folk dance, aesthetic gymnastics as well as writing & composing songs and singing with her rock band.
She made her first overseas journey during these years – to Jordan, where she went on a scholarship given by the university. There she saw Petra, the mysterious desert atmosphere and the Dead Sea. The tunes she improvised along the path to Petra were to pave future roads for her.
Career
Music
Mircan Kaya, who lives now for the most part in Turkey and Italy has become increasingly well known in recent years for her distinctive music; but she brings to the Turkish cultural scene much more than her music.[1][2]
After the release of her first two albums "Bizim Ninniler (Our Lullabies)" and "Kül (Ashes)", in 2006, she expanded the operational scope of her engineering company in advanced engineering and earthquake technologies and founded UCM (UnCatalogued Music Production).She released three more albums in two years time. Sala, Numinosum and Outim.
Numinosum is a musical journey based on the concept of "numinous conscious" used by Carl Gustav Jung. She combined her own lyrics with the poetry of Rumi. This album was recorded in Bristol, UK, with the post jazz group Limbo. Roger Mills and Osman Kent worked on the final edition, mixing, mastering and sound engineering of the album.
Before she set off for her advanced master study at the University of Padua and the Technical University of Catalonia, she released her most avant-garde music project OUTIM – Once Upon a Time in Mingrelia, a work combining journeys to Georgia and Eastern Black Sea of Turkey, writing a book, constructing a house with local materials and carpenters, recording a music album using her own lyrics as well as the words of the Mingrelian poet Xhelimishi Xasani.This album was also recorded with Limbo in Bristol, UK.
Mircan's third album "Sala" was reviewed by FROOTS magazine and described as a Pre-Raphaelite tapestry, a genius work full of juxtapositions.
In 2010, she was awarded the best film music award at 47th Antalya International Golden Orange Film Festival with the music she has produced for the film "Kar Beyaz/White as Snow" directed by Selim Gunes. The film music was produced in collaboration with musicians in Turkey, Australia and England. The music contains songs from her albums "Sala", "Outim","Numinosum", "Kul & Ashes" as well as two new songs she composed with the work of great living women poet of Turkey, Gulten Akin.
On her album "Elixir" which was released in 2010 she composed the poems of Gülten Akın. The album was in the "Best of 2010" by the world music program "Crossing Continents" of California KDVS Radio, a program produced by Gil Medovoy.
In January 2012 Mircan Kaia was awarded the Best Film Music Award at the 44th SIYAD Cinema Awards.
In March 2012, Mircan Kaia recorded the first contemporary lullaby album in Laz – Mingrelian language in London with British musicians. The album Nanni contains ten original lullabies in Laz – Mingrelian language and one lullaby in Abhaz language.
In the same year she also released her album Minor on which she rendered the folk songs of minority people of Turkey as well as her own compositions. The album has been reviewed and praised by World Music Central.
In 2014, Mircan Kaia scored the music of short film The Chocolate Wrapper directed by Murat Kebir in London. The Film was awarded the Best Foreign Film at the International Family Film Festival in the US.
In 2014, Mircan Kaia's first book "Gece Karanlık Cekirge ve Sen / Night Darkness Grasshopper and You" was published.
Her album Insula which was released in 2018 has been charted by the Trans Global World Music Chart
In the same year she has released the album Hush covering world lullabies in different languages.
"Kırmızı Gül (Red Rose)" and "Tatlı Dilli / Sweet Talker" have followed the album Hush.
The latest musical work by Mircan Kaya is her single "Sevemem Seni Eskisi Gibi".
On all her recent albums she continued to collaborate with musicians from different countries.
Mircan Kaia is the mother of a daughter (Setenay Ece Kaya, aka SKAIA)
and a son (Oğuzhan Kaya)
Engineering
She has expertise in project management and Coordination, structural design, structural analysis of historic constructions, earthquake resistant structural design, anti seismic technologies, and earthquake protection devices.
She is the Agent of an Italian company in Turkey and dealing with earthquake protection technologies, anti seismic devices, energy dissipation, expansion joints, etc.
Between 2002 and 2005 she completed several structural projects. During this period she worked for Enka Construction for tender preparation of the three drinking water treatment plants of Oued Athmania, Koudiat Medaouar and Ain Tin in Algeria. She has carried out part of the analysis in Algeria at the Athmania Dam Construction Site.
In 1999–2002 she worked in Enka Teknik, as the civil engineer responsible for the design and supervision of the treatment plants of two power plants in Adapazarı and Izmir.
In 1995–1999, for U+M Architectural Engineering and Consultancy Ltd, she worked as the founding partner of the company.
In 1995– 1997 she worked at Seyas Sey Architectural, Engineering, Consultancy as the business development manager and the head of the infrastructural department. She completed the Samur Apsheron Irrigation Project in Azerbaijan as the project manager, infrastructural projects of Kemer Golf and Country Club in İstanbul. She signed the contract for the Kayseri Waste Water Treatment Plant in Germany.
In 1989–1992 she worked at Yapi Merkezi- Freyssinet International Joint Venture, as the business development manager and deputy general manager. She was trained by the French technical manager during this period on post-tensioned concrete, alternative bridge design, expansion joints, and bearing pads.
In 1986–1989 she worked at Sogreah-Seyas Joint Venture, as the key engineer for the computer based mathematical modelling of the Istanbul Drinking Water Network and SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) Project.
In October 2008, Mircan began working on an advanced master's degree on historical artifacts with rotations in universities in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Czechoslovakia through a European Commission grant. She also studied music theory in England.
As the founding member of the Turkish Association of Seismic Isolation, Mircan Kaya has acted also as the President of the Association for two years.
She has several published scientific papers.
Honours
Ehnology Award from MOTIF FOUNDATION, 2014, for her music show Kanavice
Yıldız Technical University, Best Artist of the Year, 2014, for her achievements in both artistic productions and technological activities as an alumnus.
International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival, Best Original Film Music 2010, for White as Snow.
44th SİYAD Awards, Best Music 2011, for White as Snow.
President of TASI, Turkish Association for Seismic Isolation, 2012.
Music Director of IMO Music Istanbul Chamber of Civil Engineers, 2012.
Member of Italian Chamber of Commerce, 2002–2012.
Advanced MSc Degree in The Structural Analysis of Historic Constructions, European Commission Scholarship University of Padua, Technical University of Catalonia, University of Minho, University of Prague, 2008–2009.
MSc Degree in Earthquake Engineering, Boğaziçi University, 2006–2009.
Degree in Civil Engineering, Yıldız Technical University.
Discography
Bizim Ninniler, 2005, Çan Music
Kül, 2005, Kalan Music
Kül & Ashes, 2006, UCM Productions
Sala, 2006, UCM Production
Kül & Ashes, 2006, UCM Productions
Numinosum, 2007, UCM Productions
OUTIM (Once Upon a Time in Mingrelia), 2008, UCM Productions
Elixir, 2010, UCM Productions
Nanni, 2012, UCM Productions
Minor, 2012, UCM Productions
Minor, 2012, UCM Productions
Elixir, 2014, UCM Productions
Insula, 2018, UCM Productions
Kırmızı Gül, 2018, UCM Productions
Hush, 2018, UCM Productions
Tatlı Dilli / Sweet Talker, 2019, UCM Productions
Sevemem Seni Eskisi Gibi, 2020, UCM Productions
References
A Rich Tapestry of Musical and Vocal Inspirations, Mircan – Minor (UCM Productions, 2012) http://worldmusiccentral.org/2013/05/15/a-rich-tapestry-of-musical-and-vocal-inspirations/
https://linktr.ee/MIRCKAIA
External links
Living people
Turkish musicians
Laz people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Turkish civil engineers
Turkish people of Laz descent
Turkish people of Georgian descent
Corio N.V. is a former Dutch-based real estate investment company which owned and managed shopping centres. Headquartered in Utrecht, the firm primarily consists of a portfolio of retail properties worth €7.2 billion in the Netherlands, France, Italy, Spain, Germany, and Turkey. The company was formed in 2000 by the merger of the property funds VIB and WBN, initially also investing significantly in office buildings and other commercial property. These activities have since been scaled back in favour of retail real estate. At the end of 2010 around 4% of Corio's holdings were in properties other than shopping centres, down from 47% in 2000. The company is listed on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris and is a constituent of the benchmark AEX index since March 2008. In 2015 Corio merged with the French real estate investment company Klépierre.
References
External links
Real estate companies established in 2000
Real estate companies of the Netherlands
Shopping center management firms
Companies based in Utrecht (province)
2015 mergers and acquisitions
Dutch companies established in 2000
Kim Hyang-gi (born 31 January 1980) is a South Korean handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1980 births
Living people
South Korean female handball players
Olympic handball players of South Korea
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Handball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Ruth Wallace (born 1 February 1993) is an Australian rules football player who plays for Norwood Football Club in the SANFL Women's League. She is also former soccer player who played for Adelaide United in the Australian W-League.
In 2014, Wallace ran the New York Marathon as part of the Indigenous Marathon Project.
References
Australian women's soccer players
Living people
Adelaide United FC (A-League Women) players
A-League Women players
1991 births
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Adelaide Football Club (AFLW) players
Indigenous Australian players of Australian rules football
Women's association football midfielders
Lang Suan (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Chumphon province, southern Thailand.
History
Lang Suan was originally a mueang reporting directly to Bangkok. During the Thesaphiban reforms at the end of the 19th century it was put under monthon Chumphon. On 29 April 1917 the district's name was changed from Mueang Lang Suan to Khan Ngein (ขันเงิน). On 1 April 1932 the province was abolished and its districts were incorporated into Chumphon province. On 14 November 1938 the district's name was changed to Lang Suan (หลังสวน).
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Lamae and Phato of Chumphon Province, La-un of Ranong province, and Sawi and Thung Tako of Chumphon. To the east is the Gulf of Thailand.
The main river of the district is the Lang Suan.
Administration
The district is divided into 13 sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 147 villages (mubans). The town (thesaban mueang) Lang Suan includes the tambon Lang Suan and parts of Khan Ngoen, Pho Daeng, Laem Sai, and Wang Tako. The sub-district municipality (thesaban tambon) Paknam Lang Suan includes tambon Pak Nam. There are a further 12 tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com (Thai)
Districts of Chumphon province
Former provinces of Thailand
Yaakov Moshe Kulefsky (December 14, 1925 - November 30, 2000) was an American-born rabbi and teacher. He served as both dean and rosh yeshiva at Yeshivas Ner Yisroel for decades, until the last year of his life.
Early life
His parents, Raphael Nisan Shlomo (Nathan) and Rachel (Rose), had a business in Chicago, where he was born. The family moved to St. Louis for a better opportunity. This "opportunity" did not include a better Jewish education, and at age 15 he was sent to study in Chicago's Beis Medrash L'Torah, specifically to learn from Dovid Lifshitz. Three years later he transferred to Mesivta Torah V'Daas. Despite his yeshiva rabbinical student status, he was drafted into the United States Army August 1944.
While on leave during his training period mid-week, he spent time in a Jewish book store frequented by his future father-in-law. He was discharged in early 1946. He married Sarah Gartenhouse on June 18, 1947. Through 1954, he studied at Bais Medrash Elyon, in Monsey, at which time, with the help of a cousin already at Yeshiva Ner Yisroel, he accepted a teaching position.
Teacher
A student, asking his teacher, Kulefsky, how he remembered so many details connected with so many topics he taught, was told: "Do you remember how many children you have? Do you remember their names?" His teaching role began while in the U.S. Army; when given a Shabbos off, he'd walk
miles from his training base to Yeshiva Torah Vodaas and lecture.
Dean, Ner Yisroel
He also was involved with the testing process for rabbinical ordination at Ner Yisroel.
When the school was able to accept students permitted to leave Iran, he "became almost like a surrogate parent to them." Kulefsky served as the rosh yeshiva from Rabbi Weinberg's death in 1999 until his own death on November 30, 2000.
Yissocher Frand compared how his personality was able to "transmit to literally thousands of talmidim" because his method was like giving "a baby its first lollypop" leading to many a life-long connection.
An example of his being gentle was when a student asked for permission to skip part of a day in yeshiva to attend an out-of-town wedding. When Rabbi Kulefsky delayed a direct yes or no, the student asked, "So is it OK?" and was told, "I can't tell you whether it's OK for you to go. I have
enough problems worrying about my bittul Torah; I can't speak for yours."
Some of his teachings were encapsulated in "Chidushei Rav Kulefsky."
Personal
Rabbi Kulefsky was a first born only son; he had 3 sisters. He was survived by his wife of 53 years and their "two sons, three daughters, 40 grandchildren and 12 great-grandchildren, and buried in Baltimore County's Agudath Israel Congregation Cemetery a day after he "delivered his last class November 29.
References
External links
Purim Grammen by Harav Yaakov Moshe Kulefsky, zt"l
Jacob Morris Kulefsky in the 1940 Census
1925 births
2000 deaths
American Orthodox rabbis
20th-century American rabbis
El Hadj Malick Niang (born 9 December 1995) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a forward for US Gorée.
References
1995 births
Living people
Senegalese footballers
Sportspeople from Dakar
Senegal international footballers
US Gorée players
Association football forwards
The World Group II was the second highest level of Fed Cup competition in 1998. Winning nations advanced to the World Group Play-offs, and the losing nations were demoted to the World Group II Play-offs.
Italy vs. Austria
Australia vs. Russia
Croatia vs. Japan
Argentina vs. Slovakia
References
See also
Fed Cup structure
World Group II
Eilema barbata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in the Philippines.
References
barbata
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1949 season.
Overview
It was contested by 12 teams, and Sarkanais Metalurgs won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
This is the list of episodes for The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in 2019.
2019
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
References
Sources
Lineups
Official site
Episodes 2019
Lists of American non-fiction television series episodes
Lists of variety television series episodes
Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
Agnoli is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Johannes Agnoli (1925–2003), German-Italian political scientist
Valerio Agnoli (born 1985), Italian bicycle racer
See also
Agnolin
Agnolo
Italian-language surnames
Miss World Germany is a national Beauty pageant in Germany to select an official candidate for the Miss World pageant.
History
Between 1951 and 1991 the Miss Germany winner went to Miss World. In 1989 German beauty pageant for Miss World has been built but Miss Germany Company select the official representative from Miss World Germany pageant for first time in 1992. Since 2000, the pageant changed name as German's Miss World pageant until 2001. In 2002-2007, Miss World Germany pageant selected the winner as Miss World Germany. In 2008-2009 it changed as Miss World Deutschland to Schönste in 2010-presents, after in 2014 changed to Miss Deutschland Organisation and 2018 to SHOWSTARS.
Titleholders
Color key
2008-2009: Miss World Deutschland
2002-2007: Miss Germany World
2000-2001: German's Miss World - MGC
1992-1999: Miss World Germany - MGC
1952-1991
See also
Miss Germany
Miss Universe Germany
Miss International Germany
Miss Earth Germany
References
External links
Beauty pageants in Germany
Recurring events established in 1989
1989 establishments in Germany
Germany
German awards
Starting in 1899, the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT; 1896–1923) and Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation (BMT; 1923–1940) operated rapid transit lines in New York City — at first only elevated railways and later also subways.
Until 1907, these lines were leased to the Brooklyn Heights Railroad, which also operated the BRT's surface transit lines. In 1907, the lease of the Brooklyn Union Elevated Railroad was canceled, and this company began to operate most of the rapid transit lines. A new company, the New York Consolidated Railroad, was formed in 1912 as the rapid transit operating subsidiary, and that same year the New York Municipal Railway was formed to enter into Contract 4 of the Dual Contracts with the city, under which the BRT gained subways and elevated extensions.
In 1923, as part of the reorganization of the BRT into the BMT, the two companies were merged to form the New York Rapid Transit Corporation; the Brooklyn and Queens Transit Corporation was similarly formed in 1929 as the surface transit subsidiary. When the New York City Board of Transportation took over the BMT in 1940, the company ceased to operate.
BRT (1899–1923)
The Brooklyn Union Elevated Railroad was incorporated on January 30, 1899, and acquired the property of the bankrupt Brooklyn Elevated Railroad on February 17. The BRT gained control a month later, on March 25, and leased the elevated company to the Brooklyn Heights Railroad, until then solely a street railway company, on April 1. The other elevated company in Brooklyn, the Kings County Elevated Railway, was sold under foreclosure to the BRT on July 6, 1899, and reorganized on August 1 as the Kings County Elevated Railroad.
The first step in simplifying the corporate structure was made in 1900, when the Sea View Railroad (Brighton Beach Line) was merged into the Kings County Elevated (on May 9) and the Kings County Elevated was then merged into the Brooklyn Union Elevated (on May 24). The lease to the Brooklyn Heights was canceled effective March 1, 1907, after which the Brooklyn Union Elevated operated itself. At the same time, the lease of the ground-level Canarsie Railroad, which was run as part of the elevated system, was transferred to the Brooklyn Union Elevated. The Sea Beach Railway (Sea Beach Line) and South Brooklyn Railway (Culver Line), which had been operated by the Brooklyn Heights as part of its elevated system, were released for independent operation.
Thus, as of March 1907, the following lines were operated with elevated trains:
Brooklyn Union Elevated Railroad
Brighton Beach Line, Park Row, Lower Manhattan to Coney Island
via Long Island Rail Road Manhattan Beach Division to Manhattan Beach
Broadway Line, Broadway Ferry, Williamsburg to Cypress Hills
via incline and Long Island Rail Road Atlantic Avenue Division to Jamaica, Queens; also via Rockaway Beach Division to Rockaway Park, Queens
Canarsie Line, Broadway Ferry, Williamsburg to Canarsie Landing
Fifth Avenue Line, Park Row, Lower Manhattan to Bay Ridge
Fulton Street Line, Park Row, Lower Manhattan to City Line
Lexington Avenue Line, Park Row, Lower Manhattan to Cypress Hills
Myrtle Avenue Line, Park Row, Lower Manhattan to Ridgewood, Queens
Nassau Electric Railroad
West End Line, Park Row, Lower Manhattan to Coney Island (operated by the Brooklyn Union Elevated north of 36th Street); the Nassau Electric also operated 86th Street Line trolleys on the West End Line south of Bath Beach
Sea Beach Railway
Sea Beach Line, Park Row, Lower Manhattan to Coney Island (operated by the Brooklyn Union Elevated north of 36th Street, and by the Sea Beach over Nassau Electric trackage rights on the West End Line between 36th Street and Bath Junction); the Sea Beach also operated trolleys west of Bath Junction
South Brooklyn Railway
Culver Line, Park Row, Lower Manhattan to Coney Island (operated by the Brooklyn Union Elevated north of 36th Street); many trolleys were also operated over the line
The Sea Beach Railway was soon leased by the Brooklyn Union Elevated, but the other two lines — the Culver and the West End — continued to be operated separately. On November 30, 1912, the Brooklyn Union Elevated Railroad, Canarsie Railroad, and Sea Beach Railway merged to form the New York Consolidated Railroad.
The New York Municipal Railway was incorporated on September 27, 1912, in order to lease the BRT lines built by the city under Contract 4 of the Dual Contracts. This lease was made for 49 years from January 1, 1917. Under the terms of the contract, the two systems were to be operated as one, and the city had the right of recapture, under which it could take back the lines it owned for city operation after ten years. Contract 4 elevated lines were completed above the West End tracks in 1917 and the Culver tracks in 1920, ending elevated operations on the surface. Despite being leased to the New York Municipal Railway, all the new lines were operated by the elevated company - the New York Consolidated Railroad.
The following construction was done under Contract 4:
Broadway Subway, Lower Manhattan to Long Island City, Queens
Canal Street Subway, Lower Manhattan
Centre Street Loop Subway, Lower Manhattan
Gravesend Avenue Elevated, Coney Island, Brooklyn to Sunset Park, Brooklyn
Eastern District Subway, Midtown Manhattan to East New York, Brooklyn
Fourth Avenue Subway, Bay Ridge, Brooklyn to Downtown Brooklyn
New Utrecht Avenue Elevated, Coney Island, Brooklyn to Sunset Park, Brooklyn
Trackage rights over the Astoria Elevated and Corona Elevated in Queens, leased to the Interborough Rapid Transit Company
The following construction was done at the New York Municipal Railway's own expense:
Brighton Beach Elevated reconstruction, Coney Island
Flatbush Avenue Subway, Prospect Park, Brooklyn to Downtown Brooklyn
Jamaica Avenue Elevated, Cypress Hills, Brooklyn to Jamaica, Queens
Liberty Avenue Elevated, City Line, Brooklyn to Ozone Park, Queens
Lutheran Cemetery Elevated, Ridgewood, Queens to Middle Village, Queens
Sea Beach Line reconstruction (depressed), Coney Island to Bay Ridge, Brooklyn
Stillwell Avenue Terminal at Coney Island
Express (third) track on the Broadway Elevated, Fulton Street Elevated, and Myrtle Avenue Elevated
BMT (1923–1940)
The New York Consolidated Railroad and New York Municipal Railway were merged in June 1923, the same month that the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company was reorganized as the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation, to form the New York Rapid Transit Corporation.The remaining Contract 4 lines were soon completed. On June 1, 1940, the New York City Board of Transportation took over operations.
BMT services were assigned numbers in 1924, which appeared only on the fronts of trains and in schedules. In 1960, the New York City Transit Authority brought the BMT into the IND letter system, and most services were reassigned as letters. Since then, many changes have been made; see the individual articles about the letters for more detail, and New York City Subway nomenclature for more general information.
Terminals shown in the table below are pre-letters. This chart shows the letter code assigned to each BMT service in 1960; important changes happened on a few lines between then and when the letters were first publicly used. While the BMT number code was officially retired in the 1960s, two of these markers would continue to appear on equipment until as late as the early 1980s. For instance the BMT 7 marker appeared on Franklin Avenue Shuttle trains as late as 1982.
Divisions
The BMT's predecessor BRT organized the rapid transit lines into two divisions, the Eastern Division and the Southern Division. When BMT service began on the Corona and Astoria Lines in 1923, a Queens Division was added. When the dual-operated Queens lines were divided between the BMT and IRT in 1949, the Queens Division was dissolved.
All the lines running to southern Brooklyn, including the Brighton–Franklin Line plus the Broadway Line as far as Queensboro Plaza and the BMT Nassau Street Line as far north as Chambers Street constitute the Southern Division. All the rest of the system are the Eastern Division except the Astoria and Flushing Lines, which were the Queens Division. The Astoria Line has been part of the Southern Division since 1949, and the Flushing is no longer a BMT Line.
The divisions maintained separate car fleets and maintenance bases, to the extent that some types of cars were assigned only to one division or the other, and common equipment, such as the BMT Standards, were nevertheless divided by car number between the divisions.
The distinction between Eastern and Southern BMT Divisions continues to date, partly for operational and maintenance reasons, and partly because the Eastern Division is limited to the shorter 60-foot cars. When the Chrystie Street Connection joined the IND and BMT operationally in 1967, it did not change the Division boundaries, but it did break the strict assignment of types of car to one division or another.
Prior to Chrystie Street, operation of a service on both divisions was exceedingly rare, until the QJ and RJ services were introduced in 1967. There were some instances of joint trackage, mainly on the Nassau Street Line and approaching Brooklyn Bridge. Currently, there is no service operating on both divisions.
When the BMT introduced line numbers in 1924, it divided them by division: 1 to 4, the Southern Division subway services, 5, 6 and 7, the Southern Division elevated services, 8 and 9 to the Queens Division and 10 to 16, the Eastern Division services.
In 1940, with City ownership, the Divisions were officially restyled as "Sections" to avoid having Divisions of Divisions: i.e., "BMT Division, Eastern Section" but they are usually still referred to as "Divisions" to the present.
After 1940
Current BMT lines in Manhattan are exclusively subway. Its Brooklyn lines include one long subway line, the Fourth Avenue Line, and one subway connector, hooking the pre-existing Brighton Beach Line to the main subway at a large flying junction at DeKalb and Flatbush Avenues. The remaining Brooklyn lines are on elevated structures, in open cuts or on embankments, or on short portions of surface trackage. Several Brooklyn lines extend into Queens, and these are elevated, except for the final station on the Myrtle Avenue Line, which is on an embankment, and the BMT Archer Avenue Line, a stub underground line which opened in 1989, with IND services operating above it. The BMT's only line in Queens which comes directly from Manhattan, the BMT Astoria Line, is entirely elevated.
References
History of the New York City Subway
Defunct companies based in New York (state)
Rapid transit
Imma niveiciliella is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Snellen in 1885. It is found on Sulawesi.
References
Moths described in 1885
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Rech is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated in the Ahr valley.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
This was the first edition of the tournament.
Marcel Granollers won the title after defeating Matteo Viola 6–2, 6–0 in the final.
Seeds
All seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
2019 ATP Challenger Tour
Big Band Record is an album by trombonist Ray Anderson and the George Gruntz Concert Jazz Band which was released on the Gramavision label in 1994.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "The often riotous trombonist is fortunate to have his complex but always lively music interpreted by quite an all-star group and Gruntz's arrangements give each musician at least one opportunity to solo. ... it is little surprise that this was one of the top jazz albums released in 1994".
Track listing
All compositions by Ray Anderson except where noted
"Lips Apart" – 9:57
"Anabel at One" – 13:20
"My Wish" – 6:05
"Raven-a-Ning" – 4:28
"Leo's Place" – 8:03
"Seven Monsters" – 10:40
"Waltz for Phoebe" – 5:13
"The Literary Lizard" – 9:53
"Don't Mow Your Lawn" (Ray Anderson, Jackie Raven) – 8:34
Personnel
Ray Anderson – trombone
George Gruntz – piano
Lew Soloff – trumpet
Ryan Kisor – trumpet
John D'earth – trumpet
Herb Robertson – trumpet
Art Baron – trombone
Dave Bargeron – trombone
Dave Taylor – bass trombone
Howard Johnson – tuba, baritone saxophone
Tim Berne – alto saxophone
Marty Ehrlich – alto saxophone, clarinet, soprano saxophone, bass clarinet
Ellery Eskelin – tenor saxophone
Sal Giorgianni – tenor saxophone
Larry Schneider – tenor saxophone
Mark Feldman – violin
Drew Gress – bass
Tom Rainey – drums
References
Ray Anderson (musician) albums
George Gruntz albums
1994 albums
Gramavision Records albums
Lochwinnoch railway station was a railway station serving the village of Lochwinnoch, Renfrewshire, Scotland. The station was part of the Dalry and North Johnstone Line on the Glasgow and South Western Railway.
History
The station opened on 1 June 1905, and closed to passengers on 27 June 1966. This station was located in the village on the north west side of Castle Semple Loch, being closer to the village centre than the original Lochwinnoch station (renamed Lochside during this station's lifetime) which is still located at the south east end of Castle Semple Loch.
Little remains of the station, although a bricked up entrance remains under a bridge. The station site is now occupied by housing, and the trackbed to the east and west is now part of National Cycle Route 7.
References
Notes
Sources
Disused railway stations in Renfrewshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1905
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1966
Beeching closures in Scotland
Former Glasgow and South Western Railway stations
Feilitzsch is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Hof (district)
Isodemis longicera is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 22 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream, with weak, cream brown and brown suffusions. The markings are brownish with dark brown parts. The hindwings are pale brownish grey.
Etymology
The specific epithet refers to the terminal process of the sacculus and is derived from Latin longus (meaning long) and cera, from Greek keras (meaning a horn).
References
Moths described in 2009
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Newfoundland and Labrador First Party was a Canadian political party registered at both the federal and provincial levels of government in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The party advocated for Newfoundland and Labrador interests.
Election results
Federal results
Provincial results
History
The provincial party was publicly launched on November 5, 2004, and officially registered in February 2006. It ran in its first election in a February 21, 2006, by-election in the Placentia and St. Mary's electoral district where the party's president Tom Hickey won 31 of 4,862 votes. After the provincial election, the party dissolved itself at the provincial level to focus on the federal platform which it felt was the most productive arena in which to advocate for fairness and equality for the province within Canada.
The federal party, also led by Hickey, became eligible for registration by Elections Canada on November 15, 2007. It gained registered status in September 2008 as it entered three candidates in the 2008 federal election, where it attained 1.75% of the votes in those three districts.
Hickey was the founder of the First Party, which was established as a party in November 2004. Hickey (who ran unsuccessfully for the party in a Placentia—St. Mary's by-election held in 2006, winning only 31 votes) led the party from 2004 until 2008, when he was succeeded as party leader by Wayne Bennett.
Deregistration
The Party Executive was given official notification by registered letter to the Chief Agent of the party that as of January 31, 2011, the party would cease to exist and would be deregistered by Elections Canada. This deregistration was for failure to comply with the required submission of a minimum of 250 signed Declarations of Membership Forms in the allotted time period given.
Wayne Bennett contested the riding of Humber—St. Barbe—Baie Verte in the 2011 federal election, as an Independent. He received 332 votes, 1.106 percent of the votes in the riding. Bennett would also go on to unsuccessfully seek the leadership of both the provincial Progressive Conservative and New Democratic parties.
See also
List of Newfoundland and Labrador political parties
Secessionist movements of Canada#Newfoundland & Labrador
Notes
External links
First
Political parties established in 2004
Political parties disestablished in 2011
2004 establishments in Newfoundland and Labrador
Nadwa ('forum') may refer to:
Al Nadwa, a daily newspaper in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, between 1958 and 2013
Nadwa University, an Islamic seminary in Lucknow
See also
Nadwan, Patna, India
Nadwasarai, a village in Mau district, Uttar Pradesh, India
Nadwi (disambiguation)
Nadvi
Andrew Castle and Nduka Odizor were the defending champions, but did not participate together this year. Castle partnered Roger Smith, losingin the quarterfinals. Odizor partnered Cyril Suk, losing in the quarterfinals.
Wayne Ferreira and Stefan Kruger won the title, defeating Paul Haarhuis and Mark Koevermans 6–4, 4–6, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Mark Kratzmann / Jason Stoltenberg (first round)
Udo Riglewski / Michael Stich (first round)
Broderick Dyke / John Fitzgerald (first round)
Paul Haarhuis / Mark Koevermans (final)
Draw
Draw
References
Draw
Next Generation Adelaide International
1991 ATP Tour
1991 in Australian tennis
St. Joseph Parish is a Catholic parish in Webster, Massachusetts, located in the Diocese of Worcester. Founded in 1887, it was the first parish designated for Polish immigrants in New England.
In 1998, its parish church was raised to the dignity of a minor basilica by Pope John Paul II.
History
Polish immigrants came to this part of the United States after the country failed to win its independence in the January Uprising of 1863. New immigrants initially attended the Mass at St. Louis Church in Webster, assisted by the Polish clergy of New York. As the number of immigrants continued to increase, with the consent of the Bishop of Springfield, Massachusetts, the new Parish of St. Joseph Parish was established in 1887.
The first pastor was a graduate of SS. Cyril and Methodius Seminary in Orchard Lake, Fr. Franciszek Chalupka. Thanks to the generosity and hard work of these first immigrants, Fr. Chalupka was able not only to repay the debt of the parish, but also to acquire land for the construction of a parochial school, which opened in September 1892, administered by the Felician Sisters. Recognizing the need to have a final resting place of the earth, land was purchased in 1903 at Worcester Road for the parish cemetery.
Pastors
Fr. Franciszek Chałupka (1887-1908)
Fr. Stanisław Łączyński
Fr. Wacław Lenz
Fr. Tarnowski OFM Conv
Fr. Czeluśniak OFM Conv
Fr. Bok OFM Conv
Fr. Jaskulski OFM Conv
Rev. Msgr. Prelate Anthony Cyran (1910-1935)
Rev. Msgr. dr. Prelate Andrew Lekarczyk (1935-1965)
Rev. Msgr. Stanislaus Kubik (1935-1983)
Fr. Thaddeus Stachura (1983-1993)
Rev. Msgr. Prelate Anthony Czarnecki (1993-2019)
Rev. Grzegorz Chodkowski (2019-)
School
St. Joseph School was founded in 1892. The Congregation of the Felician Sisters, whose charism was education, were invited as Polish school personnel. It was their first missionary establishment in New England, where it continues to this day.
In the first year, 90 children attended St. Joseph School and their number increased in 1906 to 500, indicating the rapid growth of the parish within a decade. In 1924, fire destroyed a school building, leaving 1100 children without classrooms. Under the leadership of the parish priest, Fr. Anthony Cyran, a new, 20-classroom school was built and opened in 1925. The number of students in the St. Joseph School grew steadily over the decade, reaching its peak of 1105 students and 18 teachers in 1928. But in 1992, at 100th anniversary of the parish, there were only 197 registered children.
See also
St. Joseph Basilica
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Joseph Parish - ParishesOnline.com
St. Joseph Parish - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Worcester
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Worcester
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Basilica churches in Massachusetts
Religious organizations established in 1887
Buildings and structures in Webster, Massachusetts
Erigeron lobatus is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name lobed fleabane. It has been found the state of Sonora in northwestern Mexico as well as in the southwestern United States (Arizona, southern Nevada, southeastern Utah).
Erigeron lobatus is a branching annual herb up to 50 centimeters (20 inches) tall, producing a taproot. The leaves are up to 10 cm (4 inches) long, with pinnatifid or bipinnatifid lobes. The plant produces 1-5 flower heads per stem, each head with up to 110 white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows in desert regions, often alongside creosotebush.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in Arizona in 1930, isotype of Erigeron lobatus
Flora of the Southwestern United States
lobatus
Plants described in 1934
Flora of Sonora
Carol Lowery Delaney (born December 12, 1940) is an American anthropologist and author.
Delaney earned an A.B. in philosophy from Boston University in 1962, an M.T.S. from Harvard Divinity School in 1976, and her Ph.D. in cultural anthropology from the University of Chicago in 1984.
Anthropological work
She specializes in the anthropological sub-discipline of cultural anthropology, focusing on gender and religion. Her original anthropological fieldwork was conducted in Turkey from 1979-1982. Additional fieldwork was conducted in Belgium, 1984–85, among Turkish immigrants. Recent research has focused on the religious beliefs of Christopher Columbus.
Delaney was a Assistant Director of the Center for the Study of World Religions, Harvard University, 1985-87. At Stanford University, she was a Assistant Professor of Anthropology, 1987-1995; Associate Professor, 1995-2005; Emerita, 2005. At Brown University, she was Visiting Professor in Religious Studies, 2006 and 2007. From 2007 to the present, she served as a Research Scholar in that department and is also an Invited Research Scholar at the John Carter Brown Library at Brown University.
Bibliography
The Seed and The Soil: Gender and Cosmology in Turkish Village Society. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1991.
Naturalizing Power: Essays in Feminist Cultural Analysis. Co-edited with Sylvia Yanagisako. New York: Routledge Press, 1995.
Abraham on Trial: The Social Legacy of Biblical Myth. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1998. Finalist for National Jewish Book Award [category: Scholarship]; also a special mention for Victor Turner Prize of the Society for Humanistic Anthropology and inspiration for an opera of the same title by Andrew Lovett.
Tohum ve Toprak Turkish translation, of The Seed and the Soil, with new introductory essay. Istanbul: IletisimYayinlari, 2001. Second printing, 2009.
Investigating Culture: An Experiential Introduction to Anthropology. Oxford: Blackwell Publishers. 2003 in UK; 2004 in US. Second, revised edition, with Deborah Kaspin, 2011.
Columbus and the Quest for Jerusalem. New York: Free Press/Simon and Schuster, 2011. One of “Best Books of 2011,” Times Literary Supplement. December 2, 2011.
Selected articles
"Columbus's Ultimate Goal: Jerusalem."
“Untangling the Meanings of Hair in Turkish Village Society.”
"The Hajj: Sacred and Secular."
"The Meaning of Paternity and the Virgin Birth Debate."
Fellowships and awards
National Endowment for the Humanities, John Carter Brown Library at Brown University, 2004–05
Fellow, Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences, Stanford University, 1996–97
Fellow, Harvard Divinity School, 1992–93
Fellow, Stanford Humanities Center, 1989–90
Mark Perry Galler prize for the most distinguished dissertation in the social sciences at the University of Chicago, 1985.
Fulbright Advanced Research Fellowship, 1984–85
Fulbright-Hays Dissertation Fellowship, 1981–82
National Science Foundation, Dissertation Grant, 1981–82
Fulbright Cultural Exchange Scholar, 1979–80
References
External links
Carol Delaney's website
Carol Delaney's Author page
Interview with John Shuck about Columbus and the Quest for Jerusalem
Interview with John Shuck about Abraham on Trial
Boston University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
American women anthropologists
Living people
1940 births
Harvard Divinity School alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Boston University alumni
21st-century American women
The citron-headed yellow finch (Sicalis luteocephala) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in the Andes of Bolivia and far northern Argentina. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
citron-headed yellow finch
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
citron-headed yellow finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alberto López Arteseros (born 9 March 1988) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a winger.
Club career
López joined in RCD Mallorca's youth system in 1999, aged 11, and made his senior debuts with the B-team in 2007–08 season, in the fourth division. He made his professional – and La Liga – debut on 20 April 2008, in a 4–1 away win over Real Murcia.
In July 2012 López moved abroad, signing a contract with Pierikos F.C. However, after appearing sparingly in Greece, he returned to his country a year later, signing contract with CE Constància.
References
External links
Futbolme profile
1988 births
Living people
Footballers from Palma de Mallorca
Spanish footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Association football wingers
RCD Mallorca B players
RCD Mallorca players
Pierikos F.C. players
CE Constància players
Hans-Peter Seidel (born 24 April 1958, in Stuttgart, West Germany) is a computer graphics researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Computer Science and Saarland University.
Education and career
Hans-Peter Seidel earned his doctorate degree in Mathematics at the University of Tübingen in 1987, under the supervision of Rainer Löwen; his dissertation was entitled Symmetrische Strukturen und Zentralkollineationen auf topologischen Ebenen. In 1989, still at Tübingen University, he earned a habilitation degree in computer science. Since 1999, he has been a director at the Max Planck Institute for Computer Science and a professor at Saarland University. Prior to his position at Max Planck Institute, he was a member of a faculty at the University of Erlangen from 1992 to 1999.
Awards
In 2003, Seidel was the first computer graphics researcher to win the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize and in 2017, the European Association for Computer Graphics had awarded him with the Europhysics Medal "for his outstanding scientific contributions to computer graphics and geometric modelling, for his academic achievements as a scholar and mentor, and for his leadership in developing the Eurographics Association."
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Computer graphics researchers
University of Tübingen alumni
Saarland University faculty
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg faculty
Scientists from Stuttgart
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize winners
The Radio Amateur Civil Emergency Service (RACES) is an emergency radio service authorized in Part 97.407 of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rules and regulations governing amateur radio in the United States.
The concept of a standby "Radio Amateur Civil Emergency Service" to replace the conventional "Amateur Radio Service" during wartime was developed in 1952 as result of input from the American Radio Relay League and the Department of the Army's Office of Civil Defense. During World War II, the Amateur Radio Service had been silenced and a new War Emergency Radio Service (WERS) had to be created from scratch in a process that took six months.
The resulting standby RACES service was designed to provide a quicker and smoother transition in the event the President ever needed to silence the regular Amateur Radio Service again when invoking the War Powers Act of 1941. Despite four wars involving the United States since 1952, this has never happened.
Enrollment
FCC licensed amateur radio operators may choose to enroll in RACES in order to provide emergency communications supporting the state, county and local emergency management agencies. The operator registers their amateur radio license and their station with the appropriate emergency management official and may receive credentials according to the emergency management agency's policies.
Activation
RACES stations are only activated by the state, county or local emergency management authority to operate on their behalf. Only amateur radio stations who have previously registered with state and local governments to provide emergency radio communications for them in times of emergency can be activated. Other amateur radio operations might be suspended and operations under the RACES rules might be restricted to certain frequencies within the amateur radio bands.
If amateur radio operators, registered as RACES stations, regularly conduct on air training but not at the request or direction of the emergency management official, then those stations are operating in the amateur radio service and not RACES.
In addition to wartime communications, operations under the RACES rules can provide or supplement communications during emergencies where normal communication systems have sustained damage. It may be used in a wide variety of situations, including natural disasters, technological disasters, nuclear accidents, nuclear attack, terrorist incidents, and bomb threats.
Participation
In the past, actual RACES station licenses were also issued to civil defense organizations. To prevent abuse of station licenses by officials who were not licensed amateur radio operators, limitations on the duration of non-emergency operation and stations that might be contacted were incorporated into part 97.407. Such RACES station licenses are no longer issued, and any operations under the RACES rules would now use licensed amateur radio operators as control operators.
In daily practice, most amateur radio operators enrolled with their local government for possible operations under the RACES rules are also members of the Amateur Radio Emergency Service, organized by the American Radio Relay League. ARES provides emergency communications in the conventional Amateur Radio Service without the need for an emergency declaration from the government or direction from the emergency management official.
See also
Amateur Radio Emergency Service
Emergency management
Military Auxiliary Radio System
NetHope
RAYNET in the United Kingdom.
Skywarn
References
External links
Current State/Local Guidance from FEMA. RACES is mentioned in the plan (issued after the CPG 1-15 document)
An interpretation of FEMA document CPG 1-15. This document is referenced by the SLG document from FEMA.
ARRL ARES manual (2015). See chapter 2. It answers the question, "Is RACES an organization?".
Amateur radio emergency communications organizations
Disaster preparedness in the United States
Emergency communication
Organizations established in 1952
United States communications regulation
1952 establishments in the United States
The pharyngeal apparatus is an embryological structure.
It consists of:
pharyngeal grooves (from ectoderm)
pharyngeal arches (from mesoderm)
pharyngeal pouches (from endoderm)
and related membranes.
References
Pharyngeal arches
Animal developmental biology
Iris Y. Martinez (born February 25, 1956) is an American politician and administrator. In 2020, she was elected Clerk of the Circuit Court of Cook County. She previously served as a member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 20th district since 2003. A member of the Democratic Party, she rose to Assistant Majority Leader in the State Senate. As court clerk and as a state senator, she is the first Latina to have held either of those offices.
Early life
Martinez is a graduate of Northeastern Illinois University and the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Senate career
Senator Martinez was the first Latina woman to be elected to the Illinois State Senate. In her first year in Springfield, Martinez ensured that community agencies like the Children's Place, an agency that works with children and families affected by HIV and AIDS, and Concordia Avondale Community Center, which provides daycare, after-school programs and a center for seniors, received state funding to continue their programming. Martinez was particularly concerned with issues surrounding women's health. She passed legislation that obligates health insurance companies to provide women with contraceptive coverage. In recognition of this legislation, Martinez received the Profile in Courage Award from Planned Parenthood. Martinez targeted Illinois drivers with out of state reckless homicide and DUI convictions with the passage of a new law. This law ensures that convictions received in other states are included in Illinois driving records and subject to state laws regarding further prosecution of these offences. To help protect consumers from becoming victims of identity theft, Martinez helped pass a law that requires all insurance cards be issued without a Social Security number.
In 2004, Martinez was awarded the Hillary Clinton Leadership Award, presented to an elected official by the Illinois Democratic Women's organization. Martinez is the Chairperson of the Pensions Committee and Vice Chairperson of the Housing and Community Affairs Committee. She serves as a member of three additional committees: Commerce, Health and Human Services, and Insurance.
In 2006, Martinez endorsed judicial candidate Ramon Ocasio III over the Cook County Democratic Party endorsed candidate, Ed Lechowicz, the son of former State Senator Ted Lechowicz, saying she did so to increase the number of Latinos on the Cook County judiciary.
In 2008, Martinez faced a primary challenge from state representative Richard T. Bradley, who represented half of her district in the House. Bradley had originally announced his intention to seek re-election to his former seat in the Illinois House but decided instead to challenge Martinez when Deb Mell announced her candidacy for his House seat. Martinez was re-elected, defeating Bradley and another candidate.
In 2018, J.B. Pritzker appointed Martinez to Powering Illinois' Future transition committee, which is responsible for infrastructure and clean energy policies.
After her election to serve as the Clerk of the Circuit Court, local party leaders appointed Tina Pacione-Zayas to the seat.
2020 Clerk of the Circuit Court of Cook County election
On August 14, 2019, Cook County Circuit Clerk Dorothy A. Brown announced that she would not seek re-election in 2020. Martinez later announced that she would seek the Democratic nomination for Circuit Clerk. Despite not being endorsed by the Cook County Democratic Party, Martinez won the primary with 33.73% of the vote and 50,000 more votes than party-endorsed candidate Michael Cabonargi. In addition to failing to receive the party's endorsement in the primary, she had also failed to receive other notable endorsements. Consequentially, her primary victory was regarded as an upset.
Martinez won the general election and was sworn in on December 1, 2020. She is the first Latina to serve in the position, and the second woman of color to hold the position.
Tenure as Clerk of the Circuit Court of Cook County
Soon after taking office, Martinez complained about the state of the office she inherited from Dorothy A. Brown. In response, Brown released a statement that was highly critical of Martinez.
Electoral history
State Senate
2002
2004
2008
2012
2016
2018
Clerk of the Cook County Circuit Court
2020
References
External links
Senator Iris Y. Martinez (D) 20th District at the Illinois General Assembly
By session: 98th, 97th, 96th, 95th, 94th, 93rd
Senator Iris Y. Martinez at Illinois Senate Democrats
1956 births
Living people
Clerks of the Circuit Court of Cook County
Hispanic and Latino American women in politics
Illinois state senators
Northeastern Illinois University alumni
University of Illinois Chicago alumni
Women state legislators in Illinois
Illinois Democrats
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Hispanic and Latino American state legislators in Illinois
St Martin's Parish Church, Guernsey is also known as the Saint Martin de la Bellouse and is located in a dip in an ancient village, in the parish of Saint Martin, Guernsey.
The earliest reference to a religious building on the site was in 1048. The original building was built over, with the oldest parts of the current building dating back to 1225 with a second aisle added in the next century.
La Gran'mère du Chimquière stands at the entrance gate.
The current rector is the Reverend Daniel Foot.
History
There was a Neolithic tomb on the site of the church to which La Gran'mère du Chimquière was possibly linked. This standing stone menhir, dating from 2500 – 1800BC is shaped into a female figure and has had the head recarved, into a more Roman style at a later date. She stands at the main gate and it is traditional for new brides to place flowers on her head for luck.
Close by is a healing spring, la Fontaine de la Bellouse.
Guernsey was Christianised in the sixth century AD.
A wooden church existed on the site in 1048 when Williams, Duke of Normandy granted St. Martin's as a Parish Church to the Abbot of Marmoutier, near Tours.
The Church was consecrated on 4 February 1199.
The connection with Marmoutier Abbey continued until 1415 when King Henry V confiscated the revenues being sent to France. The Church remained part of the Diocese of Coutances in France until in 1568 when the Channel Islands churches were finally transferred to the Diocese of Winchester.
Building
The earliest part, the nave, tower and chancel, date from 1225 to 1250, with the northern aisle being added a century later. The porch was added around 1520 and has a sundial dated 1751.
The font is the oldest in the island, dating from before the reformation. The pulpit dates from 1657 and the organ was installed in 1848.
There are three bells weighing 448, 677 and 947 lbs which were recast by a French bell-founder, Jean Baptiste Brocard at Glategny in Saint Peter Port in September 1736.
The clock was installed by Peter Le Page of St Peter Port in 1869, the bells were linked and the chiming apparatus installed.
Births, Marriages and Deaths
The church records, now held at the Priaulx Library, show baptisms and marriages from 1660 and burials from 1728.
Media
In 2000 the church appeared on a Christmas stamp issued by Guernsey Post.
Artists who have painted the church include John Louis Petit.
See also
List of churches, chapels and meeting halls in the Channel Islands
References
Saint Martin's
Tourist attractions in Guernsey
13th-century church buildings in England
Paul Nicholls may refer to:
Paul Nicholls (actor) (born 1979), English actor
Paul Nicholls (horse racing) (born 1962), British National Hunt horse trainer
Paul Nicholls (sportsman) (1946–2009), Australian cricketer/WAFL footballer
See also
Paul Nichols (born 1981), American college football coach and former player
Paul F. Nichols (born 1952), American politician
Paul Nicolas (1899–1959), French international footballer
Paul Nicholas (born 1944), English actor and singer
Paul Nicholson (disambiguation)
Wayne Garvie (born 9 September 1963) is an English television industry executive, working as President, International Production at Sony Pictures Television since 2017.
Early life
Garvie was born in Plymouth, Devon, where his father was a Royal Marine and his mother a shopworker. The family moved to Suffolk and he attended a private school Woodbridge School, Suffolk, England. He holds a first class honours degree and Honorary DLitt from the University of Kent and is both a Ph.D. in Economic History and Honorary Doctor of Letters from the University of Sheffield.
Career
Garvie joined Granada Television in Manchester in 1988 as a sports researcher. He spent ten years at Granada as a producer on various entertainment shows such as This Morning, The Krypton Factor and Live from the Lilydrome, before becoming Director of Broadcasting in 1996, with responsibility for what was then the ITV broadcaster for the North West of England.
In 1998 he moved to the BBC, first as Head of Entertainment & Features Manchester, before taking overall responsibility for all the television and radio output from Manchester and well as the BBC's television music shows. This period saw the launch of archive based pop culture strands such as I Love the ‘70s, When…Ruled the World, as well as the revamp of traditional favourites such as A Question of Sport and Top of the Pops. He became an advocate for greater BBC representation in the North West which eventually led to the creation of MediaCityUK in Salford. He also oversaw the Music production arm of Entertainment for the BBC. In 2002, he was promoted to Head of Entertainment Group for the BBC, overseeing the Corporation's inhouse production teams.
Garvie is credited with changing the culture of the department and the birth of a new era of programmes at the BBC. Among the shows his team brought to the screen were Strictly Come Dancing, Honey, We're Killing the Kids, Hard Spell and Dragons' Den, which he predicted would become a major hit: “It is symbolic of everything we are trying to do”.
The announcement of Strictly Come Dancing was not met with great enthusiasm, with commentators mocking its launch and claiming it would only irritate broadcasting watchdogs who had criticised the BBC for derivative entertainment. Garvie's comment at the launch: “What could be more public service than inviting the nation to enjoy the thrills and spills of ballroom dancing?” was mocked in the press. The show went on to become not only a hit in the UK, but around the world, licensed to 60 countries, with The Guinness Book of Records declaring it the world's most successful reality format.
At first, BBC Worldwide failed to sell the format in the US, but Garvie took his team to sell directly which led to ABC commissioning Dancing with the Stars. This was the first time the BBC had produced a show in the US for American network television and led to the creation of the first BBC production unit outside of the UK. From there Garvie left the BBC's public service arm to join BBC Worldwide in a newly created role of Managing Director Content and Production.
At BBC Worldwide, Garvie took responsibility for growing brands such as Dancing with the Stars, Top Gear and Doctor Who internationally. He also initiated new strategies of starting BBC production companies around the world and investing in new start up British independents. The first of these was Left Bank Pictures led by former Granada executive Andy Harries, followed by Big Talk, Clerkenwell and Baby Cow.
In 2010 Garvie left BBC Worldwide to join All3Media as Managing Director International Production. He left within two years to join Sony Pictures Television as Chief Creative Officer for International Production, working to Andrea Wong who had commissioned Dancing with the Stars for ABC. In 2017, following Wong's departure, he was promoted to President, International Production.
As President he now oversees SPT's global network of production companies outside the US, covering Europe, Asia, Latin America and Australia.
In the UK, Sony is the majority owner of Left Bank Pictures – producers of The Crown, Quiz and Strike Back. In 2020, Garvie led the acquisition of Eleven, producers of Sex Education, and led an investment in Whisper Group. Sony also has a number of minority investments in drama companies such as Fable Pictures – Anne Boleyn – Blueprint Pictures - A Very English Scandal, and Stolen Picture - Truth Seekers. Garvie also greenlit a television series based around Anthony Horowitz's Alex Rider books, the first time the studio had produced a series in the UK without a commission from producers Eleventh Hour Films.
In 2018 Garvie approached Jeremy Clarkson to present a return of Who Wants to be a Millionaire, although the host later said “I wasn't really listening, I never thought it would actually happen”. The show has since become a staple of the ITV schedule and led to a round of further reboots of the format around the world.
Personal life
Garvie is married to Tess Willmott, MD of lifestyle communications agency Sauce, and has two daughters from a previous marriage. He writes occasional novels under the penname of Jack Fernley, he is Fellow of the Royal Television Society and a long time season ticket holder at Manchester United.
Television programmes
Strictly Come Dancing
Dragons' Den
Honey, We're Killing the Kids
Hardspell and The House of Tiny Tearaways
The Weakest Link
A Question of Sport
Mastermind
Eurovision
Later with Jools Holland
References
BBC people
1963 births
Living people
People educated at Woodbridge School
Alumni of the University of Kent
The World Vitiligo Day, observed on June 25, is an initiative aimed to build global awareness about vitiligo. Vitiligo occurs in 1-2% of the population worldwide; a loss of color in the skin creating a variety of patterns on the skin from loss of pigment. Vitiligo is often called a disease instead of a disorder and that can have a significant negative social and/or psychological impact on patients, in part because of numerous misconceptions still present in large parts of the world.
The idea of a World Vitiligo Day was first nursed by Steve Haragadon, the founder of the Vitiligo Friends network, and then developed and finalized by Ogo Maduewesi, a Nigerian vitiligo patient who is the founder and Executive Director of the Vitiligo Support and Awareness Foundation (VITSAF). In her words, “World Vitiligo Day is a day to create extensive awareness on vitiligo and a day dedicated to all living with vitiligo globally”.
The first World Vitiligo Day (also defined as “Vitiligo Awareness Day” or “Vitiligo Purple Fun day”, from the color chosen as Vitiligo Awareness Color) was observed on June 25, 2011. The choice of June 25 as World Vitiligo Day is a memorial to musical artist Michael Jackson, who suffered from vitiligo from the early 1980s until his death, which occurred on June 25, 2009.
The main event of the first World Vitiligo Day occurred at Silverbird Galleria's Artrum in Lagos, Nigeria, with the participation of several volunteers with different experiences (dermatologists, motivational speakers, dancers, artists, comedians, patients), united by the common will of spreading knowledge and awareness about vitiligo. Simultaneously, other events took place in other parts of the world, organized by local associations.
In 2012, Vitiligo Research Foundation (VRF), a non-profit organization aiming to fund and fast-track medical research, as well as connect investigators, care providers, patients and philanthropists, to accelerate vitiligo research and relieve the suffering of patients, registered the Web domain name 25june.org and joined VITSAF and cooperating organizations to increase the efficacy of their efforts in favor of global vitiligo awareness. A goal of the World Vitiligo Day 2012 was to raise 500,000 signatures to address the United Nations in order to:
recognize this disease associated with severe social complications;
recognize the desire to pursue multilateral efforts in therapy development and health-care education;
designate June 25 as the World Vitiligo Day to be observed by the United Nations and Member States every year.
References
External links
World Vitiligo Day, annual on 25 June
The Vitiligo Friends network
Vitiligo Support and Awareness Foundation (VITSAF)
Association Française du Vitiligo
June observances
Vitiligo
Michael Jackson
Hostynne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
From 1920 to 1935, Hostynne was the locus for aid activities by Jane Pontefract Ada Jordan, Sydney and Joyce Loch, and other British Quakers.
References
Hostynne
Euchrysops cyclopteris is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Cameroon, the Central African Republic, Sudan and Ethiopia.
References
Butterflies described in 1876
Euchrysops
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Arthur Gardiner Butler
Begunah is a 1957 Indian family entertainment romance film produced by Anupchand Shah and Mahipatray Shah. The film directed by Narendra Suri in hindi language under the Rup Kamal Chitra company. The film was released on 8 March 1957.
Releasing Issue
The film was banned 10 days after its release because it was a plagiarized version of American film Knock on Wood (1954, starring Danny Kaye, Mai Zetterling). The producers of Knock on the Wood filed a copyright lawsuit in India. They won the case and the judge ordered all prints of Begunah to be destroyed. Therefore, no known prints of this film exist anymore. However, the songs especially Mukesh number "Aye Pyase dil Bezuban" picturized on music director Jaikishan became quite popular and is still heard today.
Two other songs worth a mention are the comic Kishore Kumar “ Aaj na Jane pagal manwa kahe ghabraye” and the Manna Dey and Lata Mangeshkar duet “Dil albela pyar ka mausam”
Cast
Kishore Kumar
Shakila
Helen
Jaikishan Dayabhai Panchal
Raja Nene
David Abraham
Soundtrack
References
External links
1957 films
1950s Hindi-language films
1957 drama films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian drama films
Hindi-language drama films
Hogback Hill () is a rounded mountain, high, rising just north of Hjorth Hill and west of Cape Bernacchi, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was charted and given this descriptive name by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, under Robert Falcon Scott.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Michael Rolf Kunze (born 9 November 1943, in Prague) is a foremost German musical theater lyricist and librettist.
He is best known for the hit musicals Elisabeth (1992), Dance of the Vampires (1996), Mozart! (1999), Marie Antoinette (2006), and Rebecca (2006).
He has also written the lyrics for a number of hit songs (under the pseudonym Stephan Prager), including the number one Billboard hit "Fly, Robin, Fly" (1976), and was one of the top 1970s record producers, producing songs for musical acts Silver Convention, Penny McLean, and Sister Sledge. Kunze has won a Grammy Award, ECHO Lifetime Award and holds 79 Gold and Platinum records.
Early life
Born in Prague, Kunze is the son of actress Dita Roesler and Walter Kunze, a writer, cartoonist and journalist, who worked for the German language newspaper Prager Tagblatt. He grew up in Southern Germany and attended Klenze Oberrealschule in Munich. He studied law, philosophy and history at the Ludwig-Maximilian University in Munich.
Early career
Kunze started writing music and lyrics during his high school years in the early
sixties. The Hamburg folklore group, City Preachers, recorded an LP with some
of those early songs. The record was anything but a commercial success, but it
made the music business aware of Michael Kunze. The first song Kunze
produced with Peter Maffay, a 20-year-old newcomer, was called "Du" (English Translation: "You"). It topped the German charts in the summer of 1970 and went gold.
His recordings dominated the 1970s music charts in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. When
he produced his first international act, he hit both the top of the Billboard and Cashbox charts in the U.S. with the song, "Fly, Robin, Fly".
His group, Silver Convention, represented by composer Sylvester Levay and Michael Kunze
himself, influenced disco music and was the first German aggregation ever to
win the coveted Grammy Award. Based on his success in the U.S. – after "Fly,
Robin, Fly" came such hits as "Lady Bump" and "Get up and Boogie" – Michael
produced albums with a vast and varied array of internationally known
performers, including Julio Iglesias, Nana Mouskouri, Herbie Mann, Lulu,
Gilbert Bécaud, Sister Sledge and Caterina Valente.
In 1981, Kunze stopped working as a producer but continued to write lyrics for top artists. Taking a temporary hiatus from show business, he wrote the book Highroad to the Stake: A Tale of Witchcraft (German Title: Strasse ins Feuer). It was translated into several languages; The New York Times called it "a vivid story of a witch." He wrote a second book, Give Way To Freedom (German Title: Der Freiheit eine Gasse) on the 1848 democratic revolution in Southern Germany.
Later career
In the 1980s, the musical began making its way into the center of Kunze's activities. First, he adapted Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical Evita, which was the beginning of his collaboration and friendship with the legendary Broadway director, Harold Prince. The success of his adaptation opened the doors of the German-speaking market for the modern Anglo-American musical and made him the preferred translator for international hit shows. His German version of Cats ran for seven years in Vienna, making it one of the greatest hits of all time in that city. The numerous other musicals Kunze has translated into German include The Phantom of the Opera, A Chorus Line, Song and Dance, Into the Woods, Follies, Assassins, Side by Sondheim, Dorian Gray, Little Shop of Horrors, Aspects of Love, Sunset Boulevard, Kiss of the Spider Woman, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Lion King, Mamma Mia! and Elton John's Aida.
Kunze also started working for television. He conceived and wrote several, 90-minute shows for the major German and Austrian networks (Liebe ist .../ZDF, Sport Gala/ARD, Weil wir leben wollen /ZDF) and developed the ARD Series Showgeschichten. In 1991, he conceived the international Peter Ustinov Gala in Paris, celebrating Sir Peter Ustinov´s 70th birthday, starring Sir Yehudin Menuhin, Klaus Maria Brandauer, Petula Clark, Tony Curtis and Montserrat Caballé.
With the annual Bambi Award Gala, he created the German counterpart to the American Academy Award presentation. His once-a-year special, Die Peter-Alexander-Show, starring Germany's top musical entertainer, Peter Alexander, and, among others, Richard Chamberlain, Joan Collins and Liza Minnelli (ORF) reached cult status in the 1990s. He also conceived Der Goldene Löwe, the German counterpart to the American Emmy Awards show. Over the years, he has also written a number of articles for German magazines and newspapers (Stern, Frankfurter Allgemeine, ZEITMagazin, Playboy, Süddeutsche Zeitung), exploring his views on the function of entertainment in society and current media issues.
Current career
Since the 1990s, Kunze is creating original musicals in his own style. In September 1992, his musical Elisabeth, about the life of the Empress Elisabeth of Austria, opened at Vienna's Theater an der Vienna (music by Sylvester Levay). The show ran in Vienna for more than six years and was immediately regarded as the rebirth of the contemporary continental musical theater in Europe. It was soon exported to other countries, such as Japan, Hungary, Sweden, Holland and Germany.
Collaborating with Roman Polanski (director) and Jim Steinman (composer),
Kunze wrote his first English libretto and lyrics for the musical, Dance of the Vampires. In October 1997, a German version opened at the Viennese Raimund Theater. On 3 March 2000, the show was transferred to Stuttgart, Germany. In December 2003, it opened in Hamburg, where it ran for another three years before opening in Berlin. The show also reached Broadway, where, despite Kunze's protests, an unauthorized version ran, for three months. It is currently running in Warsaw, Stuttgart, Vienna, Budapest and Tokyo.
Kunze's Mozart! (music: Sylvester Levay; director: Harry Kupfer), dramatizing the famous composer's life, premiered in October 1999 in Vienna (Theater an der Vienna). It continues to play and run in Hamburg, Germany; Karlstad, Sweden; Tokyo, Japan; and Budapest, Hungary.
In 2006, two new Michael Kunze musicals opened. While Rebecca, based on Daphne du Maurier's famous novel, premiering on 28 September at Vienna's Raimund Theater, became another hit, Marie Antoinette disappointed. The latter show, dramatizing the events of the French Revolution, opened first in Tokyo and then in 2008, in Bremen, Germany. Both productions, though praised by critics, were financial failures.
In September 2009, Kunze gave the keynote speech at Second European Conference of the Musical Theater Educators Alliance International, "A Tale of Two Cities", in Hamburg, Germany.
His musicals are considered the foundation of a new genre in contemporary musical theater, called the Drama Musical. Its dramatic structure integrates elements of the film structure into the classic two-act drama form.
Awards
56 gold records
23 platinum records
Grammy Award for Fly, Robin, Fly, music by Sylvester Levay (1975)
Paul-Lincke-Ring (1989)
Goldene Feder des Deutschen Textdichter-Verbandes (1991)
Heinz-Bolten-Baeckers-Preis of the GEMA-Stiftung (1993)
Musical of the Year Award for Mozart! (musical) (2000)
Musical of the Year Award for Elisabeth (2001)
ECHO Lifetime Award (2005)
Musical of the Year Award for Rebecca (musical) (2007)
German Music Authors' Awards (2010)
Major works
Adaptations
1980 – "I Love My Wife" German version (Theater Oberhausen)
1981 – "Evita" German version (Theater an der Vienna)
1983 – "Cats" German version (Theater an der Vienna)
1985 – "Le Cochon" (Le Cochon qui voulait maigrir) German version (Burgtheater Vienna)
1985 – "Song and Dance" German version (Deutsches Theater, Munich)
1986 – "A Chorus Line" German version (Raimundtheater)
1986 – "Little Shop of Horrors" German version (Szene Wien)
1987 – "Wodka-Cola" (Leave it to Me) German version (Staatstheater Stuttgart)
1988 – "The Phantom of the Opera" German version (Theater an der Vienna)
1988 – "Avos!" German version (Stadttheater, Grosses Haus, Freiburg)
1989 – "Czechow" German version (Theaterfestival Konstanz)
1990 – "Into the Woods" German version (Stadttheater, Heilbronn)
1991 – "Follies" German version (Theater des Westens, Berlin)
1992 – "Dorian Gray" German version (Stadttheater, Heilbronn)
1993 – "Assassins" German version (Stadttheater, Heilbronn)
1993 – "Kiss of the Spider Woman" German version (Raimundtheater)
1995 – "City of Angels" German version (Stadttheater, Heilbronn)
1995 – "Sunset Boulevard" German version (Rhein-Main-Theater, Niedernhausen)
1996 – "Aspects of Love" German version (Staatsoperette, Dresden)
1999 – "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" German version (Musicaltheater Berlin)
2001 – "The Lion King" German version (Hafentheater Hamburg)
2002 – "Mamma Mia!" German version (Operettenhaus Hamburg)
2003 – "Wicked" German version (Palladiumtheater Stuttgart)
Original musicals
1991 – "Hexen Hexen" (Sylvester Levay) Deutschhof, Heilbronn, 15 June
1992 – Elisabeth (Levay) Theater an der Vienna, 3 September
1997 – Dance of the Vampires (Jim Steinman) Raimund Theater, 4 October
1999 – Mozart! (musical) (Levay) Theater an der Vienna, 2 October
2006 – Marie Antoinette (Levay) Imperial Theatre, Tokyo, 7 January
2006 – Rebecca (Levay) Raimund Theater, Vienna, 3 September
2014 – Lady Bess (Levay) Imperial Theater, Tokyo, 13 April
References
External links
michaelkunze.info Official Site
storyarchitekt.com Official Site
Michael Kunze's blog
Michael Kunze's Drama Musicals
Broadway World West End Interview: Writer And Interpreter Michael Kunze
Broadway World West End: "German Music Authors' Awards to Honor Lyricist Michael Kunze"
Broadway World West End:"REBECCA: Author, Lyricist And Translator Michael Kunze Opens Website To Questions"
Playbill.com Celebrity Buzz: Michael Kunze
The Playwrights Database, Michael Kunze
Official website
Official fan portal
Offizieller Rebecca Fanclub
1943 births
Musicians from Munich
Living people
German musical theatre librettists
Studienstiftung alumni
German bloggers
German record producers
German lyricists
German male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century German dramatists and playwrights
21st-century German dramatists and playwrights
Male bloggers
The 1990 Bexley Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
Events in the year 1163 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Magnus V Erlingsson
Events
The first .
The Norwegian Law of Succession was introduced.
Archbishop Eysteinn Erlendsson crowned Magnus V of Norway. This was the first time such a ceremony had taken place in Norway.
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
29 September – Sigurd Markusfostre, pretender and rival king (born c. 1155).
References
Norway
This page lists board and card games, wargames, miniatures games, and tabletop role-playing games published in 2017. For video games, see 2017 in video gaming.
Games released or invented in 2017
The 7th Continent
Azul
Bärenpark
Bears vs. Babies
Charterstone
Civilization: A New Dawn
Dark Souls – The Board Game
Feudum
Gaslands
Gloomhaven
Legend of the Five Rings: The Card Game
Near and Far
Planetarium
Spirit Island
Werewords
Game awards given in 2017
Great Western Trail won the Spiel Portugal Jogo do Ano.
Significant games-related events in 2017
On December 26, 2017, Steve Jackson announced he had re-acquired rights to The Fantasy Trip products he authored for Metagaming, specifically Melee, Wizard, Death Test, Death Test 2, Advanced Melee, Advanced Wizard, In the Labyrinth, and Tollenkar's Lair.
Deaths
See also
List of game manufacturers
2017 in video gaming
References
Games
Games by year
Balchikly () is a rural locality (a village) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 192 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Balchikly is located 26 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novokuruchevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Yara may refer to:
People
Yara (given name)
Yara (surname), a Japanese surname
Yara (singer) (born 1983), Lebanese pop singer
Yara (footballer) (born 1964), Brazilian footballer
Locations
Yara, Cuba, a town and municipality in Granma province
Yara, a rural village in Elb Adress, Trarza Region, Mauritania
Yara, a fictional Caribbean island country that serves as the location for the first-person shooter Far Cry 6
Mythology
Yara (mythology), a figure in Brazilian mythology
Yara-ma-yha-who, a legendary creature found in Australian Aboriginal mythology
María Lionza, legendary figure in Venezuela whose is sometimes called Yara
Film and television
Yara (TV series), a 1979 Mexican television series
The Wound (1998 film), a Turkish feature film originally titled Yara
Yara, a 2018 Lebanese feature film a 2018 feature film written and directed by Abbas Fahdel
Yara (2021 film), an Italian feature film
Other
YARA, a malware research tool
Yara (genus), a genus of beetles
Yara International, a Norwegian chemical company
Yara International School, a private school in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
YARA, ICAO airport code for Ararat Airport, Victoria, Australia
Yara, an evil character in The Tower of the Elephant by Robert E. Howard
Hiawatha is an unincorporated community and near-ghost town, formerly a coal mining town in southwestern Carbon County, Utah, United States. While the town's former corporate limits were almost entirely within Carbon County, the western part was within the Manti-La Sal National Forest and a very small part extended west into Emery County.
Description
The town is located at the base of Gentry Mountain, some southwest of Price. It used to be a vibrant mining town, with a population of above 1,500 in the 1940s. Coal was discovered here in 1909, a mine was built, a railroad was constructed, and the city was incorporated in 1911. Another nearby village called Blackhawk was merged with Hiawatha in 1915.
Hiawatha was a company town. The United States Fuel Company, which owned the Hiawatha mine and had its headquarters there, essentially ran the town. After the 1940s, production began to drop and people moved away. The population fell from 439 in 1960, to 43 in 1990. The city was disincorporated on November 20, 1992.
On December 12, 1997, the permit for the Hiawatha Mines Complex was transferred from U.S. Fuel Company to Hiawatha Coal Company. The company plans to recommence mining in the near future. In September 2006, the Carbon County commission approved the rezoning of three of Hiawatha's six sections as residential, at the request of the property owner ANR Inc. It is estimated that around three or four families currently live in Hiawatha. Some homes have been remodeled, and further construction is ongoing.
Hiawatha was also notable for having a vibrant Greek immigrant community, particularly from the island of Crete.
Climate
This climatic region is typified by large seasonal temperature differences, with warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Hiawatha has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfb" on climate maps.
See also
List of ghost towns in Utah
John E. Moss, a politician born in Hiawatha
References
External links
Populated places established in 1911
Ghost towns in Carbon County, Utah
Company towns in Utah
1992 disestablishments in Utah
Mining communities in Utah
Ghost towns in Utah
Hei Ha! is a 2002 album by New Zealand singer Mahinarangi Tocker. The songs were written by Tocker, with the exceptions of Raukawa, Takiri and Ko Te Nau Pararahi which are traditional songs, while Nga Hau E Wha and I'll Breathe You were co-written with David Downes.
Track listing
"E Te Matua" – 0:58
"Raukawa" – 0:48
"Nga Hau E Wha" – 0:43
"When I Grow Up" – 3:34
"A Woman Who Feels Nothing" – 3:22
"Kei Hea Koe" – 3:42
"Tender" – 2:08
"To Beat With Her Heart" – 4:13
"Takiri" – 1:05
"Forever" – 5:16
"Danger Kissing" – 3:33
"Maggie Goodbye" – 3:57
"Ko Te Nau Pararahi" – 0:58
"Holy Laws" – 0:43
"Where Do We Grow To?" – 4:37
"I'll Breathe For You" – 4:19
References
Mahinārangi Tocker albums
2002 albums
A placental artery may refer to:
A maternal spiral artery
A fetal chorionic artery
Celenna centraria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Snellen in 1880. It is found in Sumatra and Borneo.
External links
Hypochrosini
{{DISPLAYTITLE:<span style = "font-family: Times New Roman">XPL0}}
XPL0 is a computer programming language that is essentially a cross between Pascal and C. It looks somewhat like Pascal but works more like C. It was created in 1976 by Peter J. R. Boyle who wanted a high-level language for his microcomputer and wanted something more sophisticated than BASIC, which was the dominant language for personal computers at the time.
XPL0 is based on PL/0, an example compiler in the book Algorithms + Data Structures = Programs by Niklaus Wirth. The first XPL0 compiler was written in ALGOL. It generated instructions for a pseudo-machine that was implemented as an interpreter on a Digital Group computer based on the 6502 microprocessor. The compiler was converted from ALGOL to XPL0 and was then able to compile itself and run on a microcomputer.
XPL0 soon proved its worth in a variety of products based on the 6502. These embedded systems would otherwise have had their code written in assembly language, which is much more tedious to do.
Boyle used XPL0 to write a disk operating system called Apex. Beginning in 1980 this was sold, along with XPL0, as an alternative to Apple DOS for the Apple II computer, which was based on the 6502.
Since those early years XPL0 has been implemented on a dozen processors, and many features have been added. There are now optimizing native code compilers with 32-bit integers in place of the original 16-bit versions. Open source compilers for Windows and MS-DOS on PCs and Linux on the Raspberry Pi are available from the link below.
Examples
This is how the traditional Hello World program is coded in XPL0:
code Text=12;
Text(0, "Hello World!")
Text is a built-in routine that outputs a string of characters. The zero (0) tells where to send the string. In this case it is sent to the display screen, but it could just as easily be sent to a printer, a file, or out a serial port by using a different number.
In XPL0 all names must be declared before they can be used. The command word code associates the name Text to built-in routine number 12, which is the one that outputs strings. There are about a hundred of these built-in routines that provide capabilities such as input and output, graphics, and trig functions.
The 32-bit versions of the compilers automatically insert code declarations, thus the program above can simply be written as:
Text(0, "Hello World!")
The TPK algorithm provides an example that can be compared to other languages:
func real F(T);
real T;
return sqrt(abs(T)) + 5.*Pow(T, 3.);
int I; real Y, A(11);
[for I:= 0 to 10 do A(I):= RlIn(0);
for I:= 10 downto 0 do
[Y:= F(A(I));
if Y > 400. then [IntOut(0, I); Text(0, " TOO LARGE")]
else [IntOut(0, I); RlOut(0, Y)];
CrLf(0);
];
]
Graphics has been a feature of XPL0 since its days on the Apple II computer.
int X, Y, Color;
[SetVid($101); \set video mode to 640x480x8
repeat for Y:= 0 to 128-1 do
for X:= 0 to 128-1 do
Point(X, Y, X or Y xor Color);
Color:= Color+1;
DelayUS(50_000); \0.05 seconds
until ChkKey;
]
References
Fish, Larry (February 1979). "A Block-Structured Language for Microcomputers". Kilobaud, p. 24.
External links
XPL0 official website
XPL0 Programming Language Manual
The story behind Apex and XPL0
PL/I'm programming language family
Procedural programming languages
Programming languages created in 1976
Debbie Miller (born 27 September 1950) is a Canadian sprinter. She competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1950 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Canadian female sprinters
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Olympic female sprinters
Lygia Pape (7 April 1927 – 3 May 2004) was a Brazilian visual artist, sculptor, engraver, and filmmaker, who was a key figure in the Concrete movement and a later co-founder of the Neo-Concrete Movement in Brazil during the 1950s and 1960s. Along with Hélio Oiticica and Lygia Clark, she was an important artist in the expansion of contemporary art in Brazil and pushed geometric art to include aspects of interaction and to engage with ethical and political themes.
Early life and career
Lygia Pape was born on 7 April 1927 in Nova Friburgo, Brazil. Pape studied philosophy at the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFTJ). Afterwards, she received an informal training in fine arts, and studied with Fayga Ostrower at the Museum of Modern Art, Rio de Janeiro.
Concrete Art
By the age of 20, Pape had joined the concrete art movement. The term "concrete art" was coined by the Dutch artist Theo van Doesburg in 1930.
The Tecelares Series
In the 1950s, Pape created her Tecelares Series. The Tecelares wood prints were originally seen purely as works of Concrete art because of their precise and geometric aesthetic. The woodblock prints are minimalistic; they feature planes of black ink and thin lines that reveal the white rice paper underneath. The production of the series seems straightforward: Pape incised the entire surface of the woodblock with thin lines, adding several non-orthogonal lines to create the appearance of distinct planes and the suggestion of movement and space in a work that would be otherwise flat and static.
In Tecelares, Lygia Pape used "weaving" as a metaphor to evoke handiwork and a connection to Brazil's traditional and indigenous culture. Pape spoke of how indigenous Brazilian cultures had used geometry to express fundamental concepts, like the concept of collective identity. Thus, for Lygia Pape, geometry didn't represent industry or mechanization, but rather it expressed a transcendent idiom. Instead of using a gridded and rigid composition, Pape blended natural and organic patterns with incised lines that are intertwined to "warp and weft." Pape used simple materials, crafted minimally by her own hands to incorporate expression into a work that is not expressionistic.
Sem Titulo [Untitled] (1959)
This 1959 artwork in the Tecelares series, takes the same woodblock carving technique and is incised by thin parallel lines which are disrupted by the non-orthogonal lines that cut across the print. The two horizontally oriented lines that cut across the print break up the continuity of the parallel lines, creating the illusion of a separate plain and thus, space.
Although Pape used a ruled edge and a compass to create the lines in Sem Título [Untitled] (1959), there are slight variations in the width of the lines, revealing that a hand rather than a machine made the forms. Additionally, the rice paper's delicacy had absorbed the ink, creating imprecise edges. The black ink of the woodprint's background also reveals the natural wood grain of the block print as one can see the porous marks of the wood between the incised lines on the print. So despite the woodprint's originally Concrete identity, Sem Título [Untitled] (1959), is now understood as a transitional piece from the Concrete movement into the Neo-Concrete, as it is infused with non-mechanical and "handmade" qualities that seem more expressive than mechanistic.
, 1959
, 1959
Sem Titulo [Untitled] (1960)
The 1960s version of Tecelares is even more organic and expressive than the earlier 1959 version. The print shows the grain of the woodblock even more overtly in the bottom portion of the print, while the top portion remains relatively muted. As in the other prints in this series, Sem Título [Untitled] (1960) is cut by diagonal lines that disrupt the continuity of the horizontal wood grain pattern, creating movement and distinct planes in the artwork, though they are considerably more subtle than the 1959 Sem Título [Untitled] print of the same series. Also similar to the 1959 print, the 1960 print has the same imprecise quality created by the feathering of the ink on the rice paper. It also has a very organic quality, which is produced through the patterns and swirls of the wood grain. Because of this organic pattern, this print seems to overtly oppose the mechanic properties associated with Concrete art.
, 1960
Grupo Frente
In 1952, at the age of 25, Pape met fellow Brazilian artists Hélio Oiticica, Ivan Serpa, and Aluísio Carvão. Together the quartet formed the Grupo Frente. The Grupo Frente organized a subtle movement that rejected the national painting style of Brazil. Grupo Frente began exploring abstract and concrete art styles that distanced themselves from overly political art. The group was united by their desire to reject modern Brazilian art. Grupo Frente was revolutionary for their studies in line, form, and color. Grupo Frente organized two solo exhibitions. Their first exhibition was at the Ibeu gallery in Rio in 1954, under the artist guidance of Ferreira Gullar. Their second exhibition was in 1955 at the Museum of Modern Art in Rio. Both exhibits highlighted non-traditional use of line, geometric shapes and color.
Neo-Concrete Movement
After her involvement with the Grupo Frente Concrete artists, Pape transitioned into the short wave of Neo-Concrete art.
As scholar Adele Nelson suggested, the Grupo Ruptura artist Waldemar Cordeiro and the Grupo Frente Ferreira Gullar had a debate on each other's “inadequate and overzealous rigor in their respective approaches to geometric abstraction”, which promoted and inspired the former members of Grupo Frente including Lygia Pape to initiate the Neo-Concrete movement in 1959. Neo-Concrete Movement advocates for a more expressive and corporeal viewing experience than the “overly rational” art-making approach embraced by Grupo Ruptura.
In 1959 Pape was a signatory of the Neo-Concrete Manifesto, along with Lygia Clark and Helio Oiticica. In explaining her approach, Lygia Pape said:
Pape specifically during her Neo-Concrete period was interested in the “proposal to ‘live the body.'” This phrase indicates Pape's interest in how the physical body acts as our mediator for all sensual experiences. Pape sought to explore this idea of the body's relation in space by creating multi-sensorial experiences in her artwork.
Livro da Criacao [Book of Creation], (1959)
The sculpture/book/poem Livro da Criacao [Book of Creation] is emblematic of the early Neo-Concrete works. The work consists of sixteen unbound cardboard "pages". The pages are 12 x 12 inches each and feature abstract images that are supposed to signify a significant moment in the creation of the world, such as the recession of water, the discovery of fire and agriculture, hunting, and navigation. As a Neo-concrete artist, Lygia Pape's Livro da Criacao [Book of Creation] synthesizes reason and emotion. The participant is meant to have a phenomenological experience by handling the book. Each reading of the work might be different based on the individual's experiences. As Lygia Pape noted, "It's important to say that there are two plausible readings: for me it is the book of the creation of the world, but for others it can be the book of "creation." Through each person's experiences, there is a process of open structure through which each structure can generate its own reading."
Later career
Later on in the 1960s and 1970s, Pape produced more videos and installations using sarcastic and critical metaphors against the Brazilian dictatorship. From the 1980s onward, these metaphors became more subtle.
Among the videos produced in this period, the seminal film made in 1975 by Pape, Eat Me, has evoked the interest in exploring the attraction and repulsion in gender and sexuality. The sensual movements of a female and a male mouth are presented in slow motion, which is referred to as an implication of a vagina as well as the actions of “sucking and expelling objects”, according to Claudia Calirman. Although Pape persisted that this work should not be viewed as a thesis, the film reveals sexism by “implicating the viewer in the objectification of women”.
Her artwork worked as a vehicle for existential, sensorial, and psychological life experiences, much of it based in geometry and relying on both the intellectual and physical participation of the viewer. A 1967 work, O Ovo, had installation participants crawl inside a cube-shaped structure of wooden boards covered in plastic film, and then push through the film to simulate the act of being born.
From 1972 to 1985, Pape taught semiotics at the School of Architecture at the Universidade Santa Úrsula in Rio de Janeiro, and was appointed professor in the School of Fine Arts of the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro in 1983 as well. In 1980 she received a masters degree in philosophy from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. In her teaching, Pape introduced her mostly middle and upper class students to the informal architecture of Rio de Janeiro's favelas, with particular focus on Maré. In her films, photography, and teaching of the 1970s and 1980s, Pape sought to investigate architectural forms and sociability of urban space in Rio de Janeiro.
Pape's first retrospective exhibition was held in 2000, with a close focus on her print practice in chronological delineation. She viewed these works as “a generative source of her fifty-plus years of artistic creation”. When reinterpreting these artworks, Pape also adopted the form of photography with no surprise.
The Ttéias series
Of all of Pape's works, Ttéias (1979) is perhaps most emblematic of her artistic process. The Ttéias was first conceived in 1979, but it was not until the 1990s that it was produced in full scale. In 1978 Lygia Pape began to experiment arranging and rearranging metalic strings together with her students at the Parque Lage Gardens in Rio de Janeiro. Pape invented the word "Ttéias", which is a pun based on the Portuguese word for "web" ("teia") and for "a person or thing of grace" ("teteia"). This series consists of an immersive staging of semi-transparent prisms, which were created using gold thread. This piece blends realism and imaginary art, allowing the viewer to interperate Ttéias by walking through it.
Death
Pape died on 3 May 2004 in Rio de Janeiro at age of 77.
Select exhibitions
1998 Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles
2000 CAMJAP Lisbon
2000 Artur Barrio, Antonio Manuel, Lygia Pape, Museu Serralves, Porto
2002 steirischer herbst, Graz
2002 Brazil: Body and Soul, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York
2003 Galerie der Stadt Sindelfingen
2003 50. Biennale di Venezia
2003 Galeria Fortes Vilaça, São Paulo
2004 Museu de Arte Moderna, São Paulo
2004 Haus der Kunst, Munich
2004 Le Magasin, Grenoble
2005 Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago
2005 Museum of Contemporary Art, Thessaloniki
2005 Quarter, Florence
2005 Museum für Gegenwartskunst, Siegen
2006 Bronx Museum of the Arts
2006 Museu de Arte Moderna, São Paulo
2006 Museu de Arte Moderna, Rio de Janeiro
2006 1 Galeria Graca Brandao, Porto
2006 Barbican Centre, London
2007 Instituto Tomie Ohtake, São Paulo
2007 Museu de Arte Moderna, Rio de Janeiro
2008 Kunsthalle Kiel
2008 Contemporary Brazilian Art Museum of Contemporary Art, Tokyo
2008 Museu de Arte Moderna, Rio de Janeiro
2009 Making Worlds, 53rd Biennale di Venezia, Venice
2009 Folder Museum of Modern Art, New York
2011 Lygia Pape: Magnetized Space, Serpentine Galleries, London
2011 Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía, Madrid
2017 Lygia Pape: A Multitude of Forms, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
2018 Lygia Pape: Ttéia 1,C, Moderna Museet, Stockholm
2022 Lygia Pape. The Skin of ALL, Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen, Düsseldorf
Art market and estate
Pape did not work with a commercial gallery until later in life.
Projeto Lygia Pape, the artist's estate, was founded by the artist before her death in 2004 and is administered by her daughter Paula Pape. In 2017, Paula Pape filed a suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against LG Electronics, several vendors of its mobile phones and Getty Images Korea alleging an infringement of copyright of her mother's 2003 sculpture TtEia 1, C in packaging materials, advertising and promotions for the K20 V mobile phone.
References
External links
Official website
Lygia Pape at Venice Biennale 2009
1927 births
2004 deaths
People from Nova Friburgo
Brazilian contemporary artists
20th-century Brazilian women artists
Danton Supple is a British record producer and mixer, best known for his work with Coldplay.
Early career (1985–1994)
Danton Supple was introduced to the world of recording studios in the 1980s, at his girlfriend's uncle Paddy Kingsland's BBC radiophonic workshop studios in Hammersmith, West London, "a place full of technology and music". Lacking the then required grade 8 in music to do a related course at college level, he instead looked into a way of turning his knowledge of maths and physics to getting a job in a studio and work his way up.
While working at the recently established Shoreditch-based Strongroom Studios in 1986, Supple was introduced to a visiting producer from the renowned SARM Studios, leading to four years of audio training in West London. During his time at SARM, Supple did every job "From manning the reception to working behind the mixing desk or editing tape", eventually worked alongside legendary Record producer Trevor Horn as assistant engineer. Three years at the now defunct Westside Studios followed, engineering sessions for Clive Langer and Alan Winstanley and honing his skills with recording bands and acoustic instruments, before eventually going freelance in 1994.
Record producer and mixer (1994–present)
Initially, Supple's freelance career focused mostly on mixing and engineering, working with artists as diverse as Pet Shop Boys, Morrissey, Jimmy Nail, Cathy Dennis, U2 or Suede among many others. He also increasingly moved into production, with R.O.C.'s eponymous 1996 debut album and Morrissey's 1997 "Rare Tracks" album amongst his first producer credits.
In 2003, Danton Supple co-produced British Indie Rock band Starsailor's gold-certified second studio album, "Silence Is Easy" with Phil Spector and John Leckie, which reached number 2 in the UK charts in September 2003. The album's third single Four to the Floor produced by Supple attained chart positions around Europe and Australia, reaching number 1 in France and Wallonia.
Having previously mixed British Rock band Coldplay's 2002 breakthrough Grammy Award-winning album "A Rush of Blood to the Head", the band opted to bring him on board as producer to start over on their troubled third studio album, which had been slated for a 2004 release but had already been delayed due to the band's dissatisfaction with the sound achieved from previous sessions. "X&Y" was released to general critical acclaim in June 2005, with NME seeing it as reinforcing the band's status as "the band of their time". The album was the worldwide best-selling album of 2005, receiving multiple music awards as well as nominations including Best Rock Album and Best Rock Song at the 48th Grammy Awards.
In 2009, Supple produced Spandau Ballet's seventh and final studio album, "Once More". The same year, he engineered U2's compilation album "The Best of 1980-2000" and produced the charity record "War Child 10" among other projects
In the last decade, Supple has worked extensively as producer, engineer and mixer with artists including Thirteen Senses, Starsailor, Tina Arena, Norma Jean Martine, Charlie Simpson, Oh Baby, Elbow, Amy Macdonald and Kylie Minogue.
Danton Supple's most recent production work includes American singer/songwriter Ben Wylen's debut album "People Say", released in 2020.
References
English record producers
1965 births
Living people
Mixing engineers
A Street trading licence (England and Wales), known as a street trader's licence in Scotland, is a legal requirement to vend goods and services on the streets of the UK.
History
In England and Wales, street trading is governed by the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1982. In Northern Ireland, street trading is regulated by the Street Trading Act (NI) 2001.
Legal requirement
Whether self-employed or an employee, a street trading licence is required to pursue the act of street trading in a public place from a kiosk, vehicle, or moveable stall.
To acquire one you can be 17 or older. Street trading may not be allowed during the early hours of the morning.
Exemptions
There are exemptions for selling:
Milk
Coal, or any solid fuel
Public charitable collections, as regulated by section 119 of the Civic Government (Scotland) Act 1982
Market traders do not pay for street trading licences at licensed market venues.
Prohibitions
There are roads, listed by each district council, that you cannot sell from.
Applications
A street trading licence can cost around £150 to £500 for a year. Acquiring the licence can take several weeks from each district council, where it is decided by a Licensing Committee.
If the individual making the application has not lived in the UK for at least 10 years, then they need a Certificate of Good Conduct or Criminal Record Certificate from their country of origin.
See also
Street food
Street fundraising
References
External links
England and Wales
Scotland
Rushcliffe Borough Council
Local government in the United Kingdom
Government documents of the United Kingdom
Licenses
Retailing in the United Kingdom
Street vendors
Streets in the United Kingdom
Extensions is an album by jazz bassist Dave Holland released on the ECM label in 1990. The record is Dave Holland's eighth album to be released on the ECM label. It features two members of his previous quintet— saxophonist Steve Coleman and drummer Marvin "Smitty" Smith—alongside guitarist Kevin Eubanks, in his first appearance on a Holland record. Holland recorded "Processional" again on his later sextet album Pass Is On.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick awarded the album 4 stars, calling it a "tight and enjoyable quartet date" and "One of his better albums from this period, Extensions should please any Holland fan, and is an agreeable and non-threatening jumping in point for the curious".
Extensions are voted Album of the Year (1989) by Downbeat Magazine.
Track listing
"Nemesis" (Kevin Eubanks) - 11:31
"Processional" (Dave Holland) - 7:16
"Black Hole" (Steve Coleman) - 10:10
"The Oracle" (Dave Holland) - 14:32
"101° Fahrenheit (Slow Meltdown)" (Steve Coleman) - 4:50
"Color of Mind" (Kevin Eubanks) - 10:11
Recorded September 1989, Power Station, New York
Personnel
Steve Coleman – alto saxophone
Kevin Eubanks – electric guitar
Dave Holland – double bass
Marvin "Smitty" Smith – drums
References
External links
Dave Holland albums
1990 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
The 2013 railroad strike in South Korea was a 22 days general strike by members of the Korea Railroad Corporation Union of Korean Railway Workers' Union and Korean Confederation of Trade Unions, Federation of Korean Trade Unions in South Korea between December 9 and December 30, against the establishment of the KTX from Suseo's subsidiary company of Korail.
See also
Korean Railway Workers' Union
Korail
Reference
2013 labor disputes and strikes
Labour disputes in South Korea
Rail transport strikes
2013 in South Korea
Uttarakhand Power Corporation Limited (UPCL) is the company responsible for electricity transmission and distribution within the Indian state of Uttarakhand. The incumbent chairman is Smt. Radha Raturi.
References
Electric power companies of India
Uttarakhand
Luke Gillespie (born April 16, 1957) is an American jazz and classical pianist.
Early life and education
Born in Kyoto, Japan, Gillespie grew up in Osaka. He attended Canadian Academy, an international school in Kobe, Japan. He lived in Ft. Worth, Texas, in 1st grade, and Memphis, TN, in 6th grade. Returning to the USA for college, Gillespie majored in Music Performance at Indiana University, studying Jazz and Classical Piano, Music History and Comparative Arts and Literature. He studied classical piano with Yoshiko Sato, a professor at Osaka College of Music from age 8-18. He also studied both jazz (bachelor's and master's degrees with David Baker) and classical piano (master's and doctor's degrees with Michel Block and Leonard Hokanson, a student of Artur Schnabel) at Indiana University School of Music.
Professional career
Gillespie is an active performer of jazz and classical piano music. He also teaches at various jazz camps, and jazz festivals around the country. Gillespie has been the recipient of many prestigious awards such as best performance from the Indianapolis Star in 1993, the 1990 Copland Piano Concerto Competition winner at Indiana University, and the 1994 Indianapolis Jazz Festival Competition award.
He has recorded with the Arts Center Jazz Collective, David Baker, Bruce Bransby, Buselli-Wallarab Jazz Orchestra, James Campbell, Steve Davis (drums), Everett Greene, Sylvia McNair, Dan Perantoni, Eugene Rousseau, Dominic Spera, Wanda Stafford, and Tom Walsh (with whom he toured Europe in May 2002-03, Japan in May 2004-05, and China in May 2009). He has performed with Jamey Aebersold, Eric Alexander, Ron Blake, Benny Golson, Wycliffe Gordon, Bunky Green, Jimmy Heath, Steve Houghton, Ingrid Jensen, Kelley Johnson, Pat LaBarbera, David Liebman, James Moody, Ed Neumeister, Chris Potter, Rufus Reid, Arturo Sandoval, Jim Snidero, Rodney Whitaker, the Smithsonian Jazz Masterworks Orchestra and Pablo Ziegler.
Discography
''Footprints'' (RIAX, 2003)
References
External links
Indiana University Faculty Profile
RIAX.com
Musicians from Indiana
1957 births
Living people
Criss Cross Jazz artists
Arnold Zweig (10 November 1887 – 26 November 1968) was a German writer, pacifist and socialist.
He is best known for his six-part cycle on World War I.
Life and work
Zweig was born in Glogau, Prussian Silesia (now Głogów, Poland), the son of a Jewish saddler. (He is not related to Stefan Zweig.) After attending a gymnasium in Kattowitz (Katowice), he made extensive studies in history, philosophy and literature at several universities – Breslau (Wrocław), Munich, Berlin, Göttingen, Rostock and Tübingen. He was especially influenced by Friedrich Nietzsche's philosophy. His first literary works, Novellen um Claudia (1913) and Ritualmord in Ungarn, gained him wider recognition.
Zweig volunteered for the German army in World War I and saw action as a private in France, Hungary and Serbia. He was stationed in the Western Front at the time when Judenzählung (the Jewish census) was administered in the German army. Shaken by the experience, he wrote in his letter dated 15 February 1917, to Martin Buber: "The Judenzählung was a reflection of unheard sadness for Germany's sin and our agony. ... If there was no antisemitism in the army, the unbearable call to duty would be almost easy." He began to revise his views on the war and came to view the war as one that pitted Jews against Jews. Later he described his experiences in the short story Judenzählung vor Verdun. The war changed Zweig from a Prussian patriot to an eager pacifist.
By the end of the war he was assigned to the Press department of the German Army Headquarters in Kaunas and there he was first introduced to the East European Jewish organizations.
In a quite literal effort to put a face to the hated 'Ostjude' (Eastern European Jew), due to their Orthodox, economically depressed, "unenlightened", "un-German" ways, Zweig published with the artist Hermann Struck Das ostjüdische Antlitz (The Face of East European Jewry) in 1920. This was a blatant effort to at least gain sympathy among German-speaking Jews for the plight of their eastern European brethren. With the help of many simple sketches of faces, Zweig supplied interpretations and meaning behind them.
After World War I he was an active socialistic Zionist in Germany. After Hitler's attempted coup in 1923 Zweig went to Berlin and worked as an editor of a newspaper, the Jüdische Rundschau.
In the 1920s, Zweig became attracted to the psychoanalytical theories of Sigmund Freud and underwent Freudian therapy himself. In March 1927 Zweig wrote to Freud asking permission to dedicate his new book to Freud. In the letter Zweig told Freud: "I personally owe to your psychological therapy the restoration of my whole personality, the discovery that I was suffering from a neurosis and finally the curing of this neurosis by your method of treatment."
Freud returned this ardent letter with a warm letter of his own, and the Freud-Zweig correspondence continued for a dozen years – momentous years in Germany's history. This correspondence is extensive and interesting enough to have been published in book form.
In 1927 Zweig published the anti-war novel The Case of Sergeant Grischa, which made him an international literary figure. The theme of his sequence of World War I fiction is that Germany was perverted by brutal men who shifted the purpose of the war from defense to conquest. Major contestants in this struggle are characters in his books. Some, like Kaiser Wilhelm II, Field Marshal von Hindenburg, and commander on the Eastern Front during the last two years of the war Prince Leopold of Bavaria, are named. Others are masked, but would have been easily identified by many readers at the time: for example, General Ludendorff is "Schieffenzahn", the politician Matthias Erzberger is "Deputy Hemmerle", General Max Hoffmann is "Clauss", and Field Marshal von Eichorn is "von Lychow".
From 1929 he was a contributing journalist of socialist newspaper Die Weltbühne (World Stage). That year, Zweig would attend one of Hitler's speeches. He told his wife that the man was a Charlie Chaplin without the talent. In 1933, Zweig witnessed the destruction of his books in the Nazi book burning. He remarked that the crowds "would have stared as happily into the flames if live humans were burning." He decided to leave Germany that night.
Exile in Palestine
When the National Socialist German Workers Party took power in Germany in 1933, Zweig was one of many Jews who immediately went into voluntary exile. Zweig went first to Czechoslovakia, then Switzerland and France. After spending some time with Thomas Mann, Lion Feuchtwanger, Anna Seghers and Bertolt Brecht in France, he set out for Mandatory Palestine, then under British rule.
In Haifa, Palestine, he published a German-language newspaper, the Orient. In Palestine, Zweig became close to a group of German-speaking immigrants who felt distant from Zionism and viewed themselves as refugees or exiles from Europe, where they planned to return. This group included Max Brod, Else Lasker-Schüler and Wolfgang Hildesheimer. During his years in Palestine, Zweig became disillusioned with Zionism and turned to socialism.
In Haifa, Zweig underwent psychoanalysis with Ilya Schalit. His novels De Vriendt Goes Home and A Costly Dream are partly set in Mandatory Palestine and describe, among other things, the encounter between Zionism, socialism and psychoanalysis. In De Vriendt Goes Home, a young Zionist, recently immigrated to Palestine from Eastern Europe, kills the Dutch Jew De Vriendt who, on the basis of a more orthodox religious sentiment, was seeking an understanding with the local Arab population. During his stay in Palestine, Zweig may have been the main link between Freud and the local psychoanalytic community.
His 1947 book concerned the Altona Bloody Sunday (Altonaer Blutsonntag) riot, an SA march on 17 July 1932 that turned violent and led to 18 people being shot dead, with four Communists including Bruno Tesch subsequently being beheaded for their alleged involvement.
East Germany
In 1948, after a formal invitation from the East German authorities, Zweig decided to return to the Soviet occupation zone in Germany (which became East Germany in 1949). In East Germany he was in many ways involved in the communist system. He was a member of parliament, delegate to the World Peace Council Congresses and the cultural advisory board of the communist party. He was President of the DDR Academy of Arts, Berlin from 1950 to 1953.
He was rewarded with many prizes and medals by the regime. The USSR awarded him the Lenin Peace Prize (1958) for his anti-war novels. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature seven times.
After 1962, due to poor health, Zweig virtually withdrew from the political and artistic fields. Arnold Zweig died in East Berlin on 26 November 1968, aged 81.
Bibliography
.
, republished in revised form as .
Ritualmord in Ungarn (Ritual Murder in Hungary), 1914
.
Playthings of Time
Der große Krieg der weißen Männer [The Great War of the White Men] - a cycle in six parts
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Film adaptations
The Case of Sergeant Grischa (1930), US film directed by Herbert Brenon. This film is presumed lost, as no negative or print material is known to have survived.
The Axe of Wandsbek (1951), directed by Falk Harnack, produced in East Germany
Der Streit um den Sergeanten Grischa (1968), directed by Helmut Schiemann as a TV film in two parts for the East German broadcaster Deutscher Fernsehfunk
(1970), East German film directed by Egon Günther
Erziehung vor Verdun (1973), East German film directed by Egon Günther
(1982), a West German TV film docudrama directed by Heinrich Breloer and
See also
List of peace activists
References
Further reading
.
.
Cohen, Robert, "Arnold Zweig's War Novellas of 1914 and their Versions: Literature, Modernity, and the Demands of the Day." War, Violence and the Modern Condition. Bernd Hüppauf (ed.). De Gruyter, 1997. 277–289.
.
External links
1887 births
1968 deaths
People from Głogów
People from the Province of Silesia
Cultural Association of the GDR members
Members of the Provisional Volkskammer
Members of the 1st Volkskammer
Members of the 2nd Volkskammer
Members of the 3rd Volkskammer
Members of the 4th Volkskammer
East German writers
20th-century German novelists
German male novelists
German newspaper editors
German anti-war activists
Jewish novelists
German Zionists
Jewish socialists
Jewish German writers
German Jewish military personnel of World War I
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to Mandatory Palestine
Exilliteratur writers
Recipients of the National Prize of East Germany
Kleist Prize winners
Recipients of the Patriotic Order of Merit (honor clasp)
Lenin Peace Prize recipients
Geulim (, lit. Redeemed) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Netanya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
Geulim was founded on 17 November 1938 as a tower and stockade settlement by Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany, and was initially named "Bnei Geulim" (lit. Sons of the Redeemed).
In 1945 the residents moved to Kfar Yedidia, and members of the Talmon organisation of Yemenite immigrants settled in the area. They changed the name to Talmon-Geulim, and later to just Geulim.
During 1948 Arab–Israeli War it was temporarily occupied by Arab forces.
References
German-Jewish culture in Israel
Yemenite Jews in Israel
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1938
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1938 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
Mararanjani (pronounced māraranjani) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 25th Melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Sharāvati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 1st rāgam in the 5th chakra Bana. The mnemonic name is Bana-Pa. The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu ma pa dha na. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
(the notes in this scale are chathusruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham, shuddha nishadham)
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Kantamani, which is the 61st melakarta.
Janya rāgams
Mararanjani has a few minor janya rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which Janasammodini is one of the better known rāgams. See List of janya rāgams for all rāgams associated with this scale.
Compositions
A few compositions set to Mararanjani are:
Manasa srirama by Thyagaraja
Sharavati by Muthuswami Dikshitar
Ramapathina by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Mararanjani's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields Vanaspati, a minor melakarta rāgam. Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Vanaspati.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
Hylomus rhinoceros is an aposematic species of dragon millipede in the family Paradoxosomatidae. It is only known from Champasak and Sekong Provinces in southern Laos.
It was first described, along with H. rhinoparvus, in 2015. Both species were discovered in Laos, the first dragon millipedes identified there, H. rhinoceros in the south of the country and H. rhinoparvus in the north. The holotype is in the Museum of Zoology, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.
The body length is in males and in females. The color is dark red.
References
Millipedes of Asia
Arthropods of Laos
Endemic fauna of Laos
Animals described in 2015
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cascavel () is an archdiocese located in the city of Cascavel in Brazil.
History
May 5, 1978: Established as Diocese of Cascavel from the Diocese of Toledo
October 16, 1979: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cascavel
Leadership
Bishops of Cascavel
Armando Círio, O.S.I. (later Archbishop) (1978.05.05 – 1979.10.16)
Archbishops of Cascavel
Armando Círio, O.S.I. (1979.10.16 – 1995.12.27)
Lúcio Ignácio Baumgaertner (1995.12.27 – 2007.10.31)
Mauro Aparecido dos Santos (2007.10.31 – 2021.03.11)
Adelar Baruffi (2021.09.22 – ...)
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
José Antônio Peruzzo, appointed Bishop of Palmas-Francisco Beltrão, Parana in 2005
Nélio Domingos Zortea, appointed Bishop of Jataí, Goias in 2015
Suffragan dioceses
Diocese of Foz do Iguaçu
Diocese of Palmas–Francisco Beltrão
Diocese of Toledo
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Archdiocese website
Cascavel
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Roman Catholic ecclesiastical provinces in Brazil
Christian organizations established in 1978
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
The Malathyros executions () refer to the mass execution by firing squad of 61 male civilians from the village of Malathyros in Crete, Greece by German forces on 28 August 1944 during World War II.
Background
The village of Malathyros (also spelled Malathiros, ) is located at an altitude of , southeast of Kissamos and southwest of Chania. During the Axis occupation of Crete, the village had a population of approximately 300 people who sheltered British SOE personnel and aided local resistance fighters.
Commander of the German garrison on Crete at the time was General Friedrich-Wilhelm Müller.
The executions
In the early morning of 28 August 1944, German forces surrounded Malathyros. Male villagers were dragged from their homes and herded to the school. For the entire day, they were interrogated to reveal the whereabouts of the British, but they refused to cooperate despite being tortured and brutally beaten. Near sunset, they were marched outside the village and shot in a nearby canyon. The village was looted.
Aftermath
The executions almost eradicated the male population of the village, leaving many women without any support in raising their orphaned children. No reparations were ever paid to the families of the victims.
One of the hostages, Giannis Kartsonakis (Γιάννης Καρτσωνάκης), survived the execution and the following coup de grâce and was later ordained Orthodox priest.
A monument commemorating the victims has been erected in the village square. A memorial service is held annually at the church.
On 16 December 1998, Malathyros was declared a martyred village (Presidential Decree 399, ΦΕΚ A 277/16.12.1998).
See also
Razing of Anogeia
Skourvoula executions
Viannos massacres
Holocaust of Kedros
Alikianos executions
References
External links
German occupation of Crete: Malathiros (in German -- translate)
Mass murder in 1944
Nazi war crimes in Greece
1944 in Greece
Massacres in Greece during World War II
Massacres of men
Violence against men in Europe
August 1944 events
Crete in World War II
War crimes of the Wehrmacht
The Pick of Billy Connolly is a Billy Connolly compilation album.
Track listing
The album contained the following tracks:
"C and W Super Song"
"In Appreciation (The Welly Boot March)"
"Scottish Highland National Dress"
"Welly Boot Song"
"When in Rome"
"Sexie Sadie and Lovely Raquel"
"Ivan the Terrible"
"D.I.V.O.R.C.E."
"Football Violence"
"Tell Laura I Love Her"
"Marvo & the Lovely Doreen"
Charts
References
1981 live albums
Billy Connolly albums
Stand-up comedy albums
In theology, logology deals with the verbal nature of doctrines in suggesting a further possibility that there may be analogies between "logology" and theology. According to literary theorist Kenneth Burke, logology works through the forms of religious language and its functions in the political sphere when rhetoric acts as a symbolic action. If it is true that language is symbolic, then speech is the result of man acting as a symbol-using animal, making it necessary to understand that logology can also be defined as the study of "words about words".
In rhetoric, logology focuses not in finding the truth or falseness of a statement or phrase, but rather why that particular word or string of words was chosen and how those choices influenced the way those words were interpreted and understood by the receiver. There is a belief that there is an analogy between the words chosen and the word that those words express.
For example, if theology is discourse concerning God, then there is a difference between "God" and the word "God". In relating the definition of logology to the term "theology", it then becomes clear that the correct meaning of theology is not "words about God" but instead "words about the word God".
References
Meaning in religious language
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1990 season.
Overview
Ministry of Transports won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Ronald Lising is a Filipino international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
In 2005, Lising won the gold medal in the singles event at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games in Angeles City.
He won a fours bronze medal (with Christopher Dagpin, Angelo Morales and Leo Carreon) at the 2009 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, held in Kuala Lumpur.
Lising was selected as part of the five-man team by the Philippines for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was due to be held in the Gold Coast, Australia.
References
Living people
Filipino male lawn bowls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Southeast Asian Games medalists in lawn bowls
Competitors at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Shovel Creek is a stream in the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington. It is a tributary of the Snake River.
Shovel Creek was named for the fact prospectors had dug for gold along the stream.
See also
List of rivers of Washington
References
Rivers of Asotin County, Washington
Rivers of Wallowa County, Oregon
Rivers of Oregon
Rivers of Washington (state)
In the 2017–18 season, Espérance Sportive de Tunis competed in the Ligue 1 for the 63rd season, as well as the Tunisian Cup. It was their 65th consecutive season in the top flight of Tunisian football. They competed in Ligue 1, the Champions League, the Arab Club Champions Cup and the Tunisian Cup.
Squad list
Players and squad numbers last updated on 18 November 2017.Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Pre-season
Competitions
Overview
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center"
|-
!rowspan=2|Competition
!colspan=8|Record
!rowspan=2|Started round
!rowspan=2|Final position / round
!rowspan=2|First match
!rowspan=2|Last match
|-
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|-
| Ligue 1
|
| style="background:gold;"| Winners
| 15 August 2017
| 10 May 2018
|-
| Tunisian Cup
| colspan=2| Round of 32
| colspan=2| 4 February 2018
|-
| 2017 Champions League
| colspan=2| Quarter-finals
| 16 September 2017
| 23 September 2017
|-
| 2018 Champions League
| Preliminary round
| style="background:gold;"| Winners
| 10 February 2018
| 9 November 2018
|-
| Club Champions Cup
| Group stage
| style="background:gold;"| Winners
| 24 July 2017
| 6 August 2017
|-
! Total
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Tunisian Cup
2017 Champions League
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
2018 Champions League
Preliminary round
First round
Group stage
Group A
Club Championship Cup
Group stage
Group C
Semi-finals
Final
Squad information
Playing statistics
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted alphabetically by surname when total goals are equal.
Transfers
In
Out
Notes
References
2017-18
Tunisian football clubs 2017–18 season
Presidential elections were held in Guinea on 9 May 1982. Incumbent Ahmed Sékou Touré was the only candidate (as the country as a one-party state with his Democratic Party of Guinea as the sole legal party at the time), and was re-elected unopposed. Voter turnout was reported to be 98.8%.
Results
References
Guinea
Presidential elections in Guinea
1982 in Guinea
Single-candidate elections
One-party elections
May 1982 events in Africa
Lydnevi is a fictional North Slavic language created in 2002 by the Czech linguist Libor Sztemon.
Example
Otec navo,
Jaš jési na nebesai,
Da jest posvetyn tavo nam.
Da jest prihedyn tavo kralestvo.
Da jest stanyn tavo vilja, jako na nébe, tako y na zéma.
As navo bréd e keždanyn davat i nave danas.
Ø adpoštat i nave as navo dluhem jako y me adpoštalesom i navo dluhare.
Ø nevøvedat as nave vø pokušenje, ale nesvabodat as nave é zølyn.
Navad tavo jest kralestvo y moc y slava navéke.
Amén.
References
Artistic languages
Constructed languages introduced in the 2000s
2002 introductions
Jacob Atlee Beidler (November 2, 1852 – September 13, 1912) was an American businessman and politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1901 to 1907.
Biography
Born in Tredyffrin Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, Beidler attended the country schools, and Locke's Seminary, Norristown, Pennsylvania.
He moved to Ohio and settled in Willoughby in Lake County in 1873. He engaged in business as a coal dealer and later as an operator.
Beidler was elected a member of the city council of Willoughby in 1881.
He moved to his farm, "Belle Vernon," near Willoughby, in 1881 and engaged in raising dairy cattle.
He served as president of the Belle Vernon-Mapes Dairy Co..
He served as vice president of the Cleveland, Painesville & Eastern Railroad Co.
Presidential elector in 1896 for McKinley/Hobart.
Congress
Beidler was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-seventh, Fifty-eighth, and Fifty-ninth Congresses (March 4, 1901 – March 3, 1907).
Owing to ill health he declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1906 to the Sixtieth Congress.
Later career
He resumed his former business activities.
He served as president of the Rhodes & Beidler Coal Co.
He served as member of the State board of agriculture.
Death
He died at "Belle Vernon," near Willoughby, Ohio, September 13, 1912.
He was interred in Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland, Ohio.
Sources
1852 births
1912 deaths
People from Chester County, Pennsylvania
People from Willoughby, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
1896 United States presidential electors
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Pratibadi Kalam, formerly Kalamer Shakti, is an Indian Bengali language daily newspaper published from Agartala, Tripura. Anal Roy Choudhury is the founder and chief editor of the newspaper.
See also
Agartala
References
Bengali-language newspapers published in India
External links
PRATIBADI KALAM
Until 2013, the Shawn Hornbeck Foundation was a non-profit charitable organization based in Richwoods, Missouri, devoted to the search for and rescue of abducted children. It ran the Shawn Hornbeck Search and Rescue Team.
The rescue team was founded by Pam and Craig Akers following the disappearance of their son Shawn Hornbeck (born July 17, 1991). Hornbeck was eleven years old on October 6, 2002, when he was kidnapped while riding his bicycle near his home in Richwoods, Missouri. Shawn Hornbeck was missing for over four years before being discovered on January 12, 2007, along with another teenage boy. They had been kidnapped by Michael J. Devlin.
The Shawn Hornbeck Search and Rescue Team was a member of NASAR (National Association for Search and Rescue) and a member of SARCOM (Search and Rescue Council of Missouri). It was also involved with the National Search Dog Association.
History
The Akers founded the Shawn Hornbeck Search and Rescue Team following the disappearance of their son Shawn Hornbeck. Hornbeck was eleven years old when he was kidnapped while riding his bicycle near his Richwoods, Missouri home on October 6, 2002.
Shortly after Hornbeck's disappearance, his parents appeared on The Montel Williams Show, where self-described psychic Sylvia Browne erroneously told the Akers that Hornbeck was dead. Browne also described the abduction, telling them several things about the abductor that later proved to be incorrect.
Hornbeck was missing for over four years before being discovered on January 12, 2007. Police were searching for 13-year-old Ben Ownby of Beaufort, Missouri, who had gone missing earlier that week. Aided by a descriptive tip from teenager Mitchell Hults of Beaufort, Missouri, police searched Michael J. Devlin's apartment in Kirkwood, Missouri. Hornbeck and Ownby were both found alive there.
Prosecution
In June 2007, Devlin was charged with 80 counts in the abductions and molestations of Hornbeck and Ownby. On October 8, 2007, Devlin pleaded guilty to all charges filed against him and was sentenced to life imprisonment.
See also
Laura Recovery Center
Polly Klaas Foundation
Texas EquuSearch
References
Charities based in Missouri
Child abduction in the United States
Children's charities based in the United States
Child abuse in the United States
Collyns Ambassa Laokandi (born 9 October 1995) is a Chadian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Régional 1 club Cormontreuil FC.
Career
Laokandi, who moved to France at the age of eight, started his career with the reserves of French Ligue 1 side Reims. After that, he played college soccer in the United States, where he said "it's completely different from France. Here, it's work, work, work... Because if you don't get good grades, you don't play. You have no choice. In France, there are a lot of individualities, there, everyone plays and defends together. They are very focused on the physical, more than the technique." In 2017, Laokandi signed for American club New York Red Bulls U-23. In 2019, he signed for French amateur club Cormontreuil FC.
References
External links
Collyns Laokandi at playmakerstats.com
Living people
1995 births
Chadian footballers
Chad international footballers
Association football defenders
Chadian expatriate footballers
Chadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's soccer players
Southern New Hampshire Penmen men's soccer players
Championnat National 3 players
Naturalized citizens of France
French people of Chadian descent
Chadian emigrants to France
People from N'Djamena
Régional 1 players
Mate Lacić (born 12 October 1980 in Split) is a Croatian footballer (defender) who last played for Polish club Cracovia.
Honours
Polish Cup:
2007
External links
1980 births
Living people
Croatian footballers
Croatian expatriate footballers
RNK Split players
TSV 1860 Munich II players
Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski players
GKS Bełchatów players
MKS Cracovia (football) players
Maccabi Netanya F.C. players
HŠK Posušje players
NK Široki Brijeg players
HNK Rijeka players
Croatian Football League players
Ekstraklasa players
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Association football defenders
Explorer Two, Explorer II, Explorer 2, or variation, may refer to:
Vehicles
Explorer II (1935), a manned high-altitude balloon from National Geographic and the U.S. Army that set the manned high altitude record
(1989), a cruise ship
Raven Explorer II, a U.S. autogyro kitplane
JUST Explorer II, a Chinese scientific research autonomous underwater vehicle
[[Foday Explorer|Foday Explorer]] II, a Chinese SUV
Other uses
Explorer 2 (1958), a failed U.S. Army exploratory satellite
Rolex Explorer II (1971), a wristwatch developed for explorers and adventurers
Charter Arms Explorer II pistol, a .22 calibre pistol
See also
Explorer (disambiguation)
Explorer 11 (1961), a NASA space telescope
(1966), a hydrographic survey ship
Lobesia kurokoi is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand.
References
Moths described in 1995
Olethreutini
Cactus Flower is a 1969 American screwball comedy film directed by Gene Saks and starring Walter Matthau, Ingrid Bergman, and Goldie Hawn, who won an Academy Award for her performance.
The screenplay was adapted by I. A. L. Diamond from the 1965 Broadway play of the same name written by Abe Burrows, which in turn was based upon the French play Fleur de cactus by Pierre Barillet and Jean-Pierre Gredy. Cactus Flower was the ninth highest-grossing film of 1969.
Plot
Twenty-one-year-old Toni Simmons attempts to commit suicide by inhaling gas from her stove. Toni's neighbor, Igor Sullivan, smells the gas and rescues her by using mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, which evolves into a kiss after Toni regains consciousness.
Toni's suicide attempt came after being stood up by her lover, Manhattan dentist Julian Winston. Julian had told Toni from the beginning of their relationship that he had a wife and three children. Unbeknownst to Toni, Julian is not married; and Toni hates lying above all other transgressions. Impressed that Toni had been willing to die over him, Julian decides to marry Toni. However, she is concerned for his wife's well-being, and insists on meeting her to ensure that she has agreed to divorce him and will be taken care of. Julian asks Stephanie Dickinson, his longtime nurse, to pose as his wife. At first unwilling, she ultimately relents, since she has long been in love with her employer.
When Toni and Stephanie first meet at the record store where Toni works, Toni senses Stephanie's feelings for Julian and asks Julian to help Stephanie find another man. Julian lies again, telling her that his wife already has a boyfriend. Toni immediately insists on meeting him, and Julian's friend Harvey is enlisted in the role of Stephanie's boyfriend. After a "coincidental" encounter with Stephanie and Harvey at a club, Harvey is swiftly chased off by Julian after his real girlfriend runs into the foursome and humiliates his supposed girlfriend.
Embracing her newfound confidence, Stephanie finally accepts the overtures of Julian's patient Señor Arturo Sánchez, a Latin diplomat. After attending a ball with him, she invites him to the club from the earlier night, where Toni, Julian, and Igor have also returned. Stephanie and Igor quickly hit it off, to the dismay and jealousy of both Julian and Toni. After dancing with gleeful abandon at the club with Igor, Stephanie arrives at work the next morning giddy and still wearing her evening gown from the night before. She happily shares a few vague details with Julian about her night spent on the beach. Stephanie then notices that the cactus on her desk has bloomed.
Moments later, Stephanie and Julian get into an argument and Stephanie quits. She visits Toni's apartment to come clean to her, telling her that she is actually Julian's nurse, and he has never been married. After she leaves, Julian arrives to tell Toni that his wife refuses to divorce him, but that he and Toni can continue their relationship. Toni is exasperated with his dishonesty, and decides to do a little lying of her own. She leaves him for Igor, but fools Julian into believing that she and Igor have been seeing each other all along.
Julian storms off and encounters Stephanie at the office the next morning. She has returned to pick up the cactus she keeps on her desk, which has flowered, like her. Julian tells her that he and Toni have split up and although he was initially devastated, he realized he was relieved he would not have to marry Toni. Stephanie is overjoyed and embraces him, just as he confesses he has fallen in love with her. They kiss.
Cast
Walter Matthau as Julian Winston, a dentist
Ingrid Bergman as Stephanie Dickinson, Winston's assistant
Goldie Hawn as Toni Simmons, Winston's girlfriend
Jack Weston as Harvey Greenfield, Winston's patient and friend
Rick Lenz as Igor Sullivan, Toni's neighbor, a writer
Vito Scotti as Señor Arturo Sánchez, a diplomat and patient of Winston
Irene Hervey as Mrs. Durant, a patient of Winston
Eve Bruce as Georgia, Harvey Greenfield's date
Irwin Charone as Toni's employer, a record store manager
Matthew Saks as Stephanie Dickinson's nephew
Release
The film premiered at two locations in New York City, the Paris Theater and Astor Theatre, on Monday, December 15, 1969.
Reception
The film was a box office success, becoming the ninth highest-grossing film of 1969.
Howard Thompson of The New York Times stated that "both the expansive scenario of I. A. L. Diamond and the flexible direction of Gene Saks open up and even ventilate the story". Roger Ebert gave the film 3½ stars out of four and declared that "the chemistry works" and "the movie is better than the play". Gene Siskel gave the film two stars out of four, writing, "This is a film in the old style, but not in the good old style. The lines are neither current nor witty." Variety wrote that the names of the stars "should pack some boxoffice punch. The film, however, drags, which is probably the [worst] thing that can be said of a light comedy. It's due to sloppy direction by Gene Saks and the miscasting of Matthau opposite Miss Bergman." Charles Champlin of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "Cactus Flower was a successful Broadway comedy and it translates to the screen quite nicely ... It is a craftily contrived piece of silliness enacted by competent and attractive people: Laugh In Goldie Hawn, Walter Matthau and Ingrid Bergman in that order of laudability."
In her first major film role, Goldie Hawn, once described by Time as the "dizzy cream puff who is constantly blowing her lines [on Laugh-In]", was praised in that same magazine for being "a natural reactress; her timing is so canny that even her tears run amusingly". Hawn's performance in the film won her the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 85% based on 20 reviews, with an average score of 6.9/10. On Metacritic, the film received a score of 67 based on 5 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Awards and nominations
Music
The film score was composed, arranged and conducted by Quincy Jones and featured vocalists Sarah Vaughan and Johnny Wesley and the soundtrack album was released on the Bell label in 1969.
The Vinyl Factory stated, "The music Jones supplied for this trippy film is Quincy's nod to psychedelia and sunshine pop – covering the Monkees' 'I'm a Believer', and 'I Wonder What She's Doin' Tonight', which was penned by Boyce and Hart, also of Monkees fame. Sarah Vaughan adds some gravity with 'The Time for Love Is Anytime', and there's even a groovy version of 'To Sir, With Love'. A sweet cocktail." The score also contains a second Monkees cover, "She Hangs Out", written by Jeff Barry, another artist who had worked with the Monkees.
Track listing
All compositions by Cynthia Weil and Quincy Jones except where noted
"The Time for Love Is Anytime ("Cactus Flower" Theme)" − 2:48
"To Sir with Love" (Mark London, Don Black) − 3:30
"I Need to Be Bee'd With" (Quincy Jones, Ernie Shelby) − 2:35
"I'm a Believer" (Neil Diamond) − 3:00
"The Time for Love Is Anytime ("Cactus Flower" Theme)" − 3:25
"The Time for Love Is Anytime ("Cactus Flower" Theme) [Piano Version]" − 3:25
"She Hangs Out (Doin' the Dentist)" (Jeff Barry) − 3:45
"The Spell You Spin" (Quincy Jones, Dave Grusin, Bob Russell) − 3:48
"I Wonder What She's Doin' Tonight" (Tommy Boyce, Bobby Hart) − 3:00
"The Time for Love Is Anytime ("Cactus Flower" Theme) [Organ Version]" − 3:17
Personnel
Orchestra arranged and conducted by Quincy Jones including
Sarah Vaughan (track 1), Johnny Wesley (track 3) − vocals
Jimmy Haskell − arranger (tracks 1, 5, 6 & 10)
Bobby Bryant − fluegelhorn
Artie Kane, Roger Kellaway − piano
Dennis Budimir − guitar
Earl Palmer − drums
Carol Kaye − electric bass
Gene Estes, Emil Richards, Larry Bunker − percussion
Influence
The film has been remade several times. An unauthorized Hindi version titled Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya?, starring Salman Khan, Sushmita Sen and Katrina Kaif, was released in 2005. In 2007, it was remade in Kannada as Sathyavan Savithri, starring Ramesh Aravind. An English language remakes, Just Go With It, starring Adam Sandler and Jennifer Aniston, was released in 2011. An Egyptian version titled Nos Sa'a Gawaz (Half-Hour Marriage), starring Rushdy Abaza, Shadia and Adel Imam, was released in 1969.
Also, the film is recognized by American Film Institute in this list:
2002: AFI's 100 Years...100 Passions – Nominated
References
External links
1969 films
1969 comedy films
American comedy films
American films based on plays
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Gene Saks
Films featuring a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award-winning performance
Films featuring a Best Supporting Actress Golden Globe-winning performance
Films scored by Quincy Jones
Films set in New York City
Films with screenplays by I. A. L. Diamond
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
The Paramount Theatre is located in downtown Abilene, Texas at 352 Cypress Street.
The Paramount was built in 1930 by H. O. Wooten, adjacent to his Hotel Wooten. Opening night was May 19, 1930, with the film, Safety in Numbers starring Carole Lombard. On February 12, 1931, Universal Pictures selected the Abilene Paramount, along with a few others in the Interstate Theatre chain, to exhibit the 1931 horror classic Dracula, a full two days before its Valentine's Day premiere. The Paramount continued to operate as a movie theater until the 1970s, when the decline of downtown Abilene resulted in declining box office revenue. The theater was closed in 1979 for the first time since opening in 1930. The Abilene Preservation League formed the Paramount Committee to prevent the building from eminent demolition by working with the National Register of Historic Places. The Paramount was later restored with funding from Julia Matthews and the Dodge Jones Foundation in 1986. The Paramount currently features: films, live theatre performances, 1,187 split-aisle seats, Spanish-Moorish interior, and a domed ceiling with moving clouds and glittering stars.
At the Paramount, visitors can catch performances featuring: Abilene Ballet Theatre, the Abilene Opera association, the Celebration Singers, the Abilene Children's Performing Arts Series, Abilene Community Band, the Classical Chorus of Abilene, and a large variety of professional and amateur shows.
The theatre also produces live theatre. In 1993, the Paramount began putting together the annual Paramount Summer Musical. Every summer, for decades the theatre has put on productions casting local amateur actors, and employing some of the best musicians, choreographers, set designers, and costumers from the area. The theatre has also worked closely with all three local university theatre departments. In 2003, the Paramount began an annual children's show each January. And in 2016 the theatre began staging a play each September.
The Paramount is best known, though, as a movie house. The annual Paramount Film Series has shown hundreds of films since the relaunch of the theatre in 1987. In 2019, over 14,000 people came to see a movie at the Paramount.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taylor County, Texas
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Abilene, Texas
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Tourist attractions in Taylor County, Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Taylor County, Texas
The Hochthürmerberg (variously also called the Hochthürmchen, Hochthürmen or Hochthürmer), is a hill, , in the Eifel region. It is situated in the county of Euskirchen in North Rhine-Westphalia near the state border with Rhineland-Palatinate in Deutschland.
Location
The Hochthürmerberg is located within the Ahr Hills (Ahr Eifel) south of the village of Houverath in the county of Euskirchen ni North Rhine-Westphalia and northeast of the village of Kirchsahr in the county of Ahrweiler in Rhineland-Palatinate. The state border runs roughly along the 440-metre contour line over the southern flank of the hill. The Hochthürmerberg's neighbouring hill is the Hasenberg.
Summit and viewing points
At the summit are the remains of a circular rampart. The summit dome is wooded and offers no views at all. However, from a section of the Ahr-Fen Way, which is located between Kirchsahr and Krälingen, there are views of the Hohe Acht, the Michelsberg, the Nürburg and even the Scharteberg and Döhmberg. Near Krälingen there is a good view of the region of the Middle and Lower Ahr; nearby rise the hills of Krausberg, Neuenahrer Berg and the neighbouring Hasenberg.
References
Mountains and hills of North Rhine-Westphalia
Mountains and hills of the Eifel
Euskirchen (district)
Ficus vasta (; warka) is a fig plant found in Ethiopia and Yemen. The tree is a species of sycamore-fig.
Description
Ficus vasta is a large tree, with a massive trunk, and spreading branches whose tips form an inverted bowl up to 50m in diameter. It reaches a height of 25m. The trunk is smooth and grey, and is commonly buttressed. The bark is smooth and grey, except on young branches where it is yellow-white-brown, and flaking when dry. The leaves are elliptical, reaching 25 x 20 cm, hairy, and rough to the touch. They are often distinguished from other species of fig by its large heart-shaped leaves and massive trunk.
The figs grow in clusters, are 2 cm in diameter, and spherical. When ripe they are green with pale green spots. They are hairy and their opening is clear.
Ficus vasta grows as an epiphyte or as a chasmophyte. As the young tree grows, it sends down roots which thicken and become trunk-like, often fusing together and completely engulfing the trunk of the tree or rock it grew on. This process often kills the host tree and completely engulfs or covers the rock face.
Uses
The figs are edible, being collected by children. They are also eaten by sheep, goats, monkeys (including baboons) and birds. The figs can be eaten right off the tree, or when half-dry, or when dry. Dry figs are usually stored and eaten as needed.
Ecology
Ficus vasta grows in or near the Horn of Africa. It is primarily endemic to Ethiopia and Yemen, but can also be found in the Sudan, Somalia and Saudi Arabia, and into Uganda and Tanzania in the African Great Lakes region. The tree grows along rivers forming stands or thickets. Additionally, it is found in dry savannah, and grows at elevations between 1,400m and 2,500m. It is not cultivated under domestication, and is disappearing due to human pressure, mainly in its use as firewood.
See also
Strangler fig
References
Sources
Berg, C.C. 1988. New taxa and combinations in Ficus (Moraceae) in Africa. Kew Bulletin 43: 77- 97.
Berg, C.C. 1989. Moraceae. In: R.M. Polhill (ed.) Flora of Tropical East Africa. A.A. Balkema, Rotterdam.
Berg, C.C. 1990. Distribution of African taxa of Ficus (Moraccae). [Proc. 12th AETFAT]. Mitt. inst. Allg. Bot. Hamburg 23: 401-405.
Berg, C.C. 1990. Annotated check-list of the Ficus species of the African floristic region, with special reference and a key to the taxa of southern Africa. Kirkia, 13: 253-291.
Berg, C.C. 1991. Moraceae. In: E. Launert & G.Y. Pope (eds) Flora Zambesiaca 9, 6. Natural History Museum, London.
Berg, C.C. & Hijman, M.E.E. 1989. Chapter 11. Ficus. Flora of Tropical East Africa (ed. R.M. Polhill). 43-86. A.A. Balkema, Rotterdam.
Berg, C.C., Hijman, M.E.E. & Weerdenburg, J.C.A. 1984. Moracées (incl. Cécropiacées). Flore du Gabon 26: 1–276.
Berg, C.C., Hijman, M.E.E. & Weerdenburg, J.C.A. 1985. Moracées (incl. Cécropiacées). Flore du Cameroun 28: 1–298.
Berg, C.C. & Wiebes, J.T. 1992. African fig trees and fig wasps. Koninklijke Nederlandse Akademie van Wetenschappen. Amsterdam, 1-298 pp.
Bouček Z., A. Watsham & J.T. Wiebes, 1981. The fig wasp fauna of the receptacles of Ficus thonningii (Hymenoptera, Chalcidoidea). Tijdschrift Voor Entomologie, 124(5): 149-233.
Burrows, J. & Burrows, S. 2003. Figs of southern & south-central Africa. Umdaus Press, Hatfield. 379 pp.
vasta
Taxa named by Peter Forsskål
Flora of Ethiopia
Flora of Yemen
Flora of Sudan
The Rivière Rouge is a tributary of the east bank of the Montmorency River, flowing in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province of Quebec, in Canada. This watercourse successively crosses the regional county municipalities (MRC) of:
La Jacques-Cartier Regional County Municipality: municipality of Sainte-Brigitte-de-Laval;
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality: municipality of Château-Richer.
This forest and mountain valley is served by a forest road passing on the east side of the river. Forestry is the main economic activity in this valley; second, recreational tourism.
Because of its altitude, the surface of the upper Red River is generally frozen from late November to early April; however, safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to the end of March. The water level of the river varies with the seasons and the precipitation; the spring flood occurs in March or April.
Geography
The Rouge River takes its source from a small lake (length: ; altitude: ) landlocked between the mountains. The mouth of this lake is located in the municipality of Château-Richer, at:
north of a mountain peak reaching ;
south of a mountain peak reaching ;
east of a curve of the Montmorency River;
north-west of the north-west bank of the Saint Lawrence river;
south-east of the confluence of the Rouge and Montmorency rivers.
From the mouth of this head lake, the Red River descends on , with a drop of according to the following segments:
to the west, collecting a stream (coming from the south) corresponding to a bend in the river, then towards the north to another stream (coming from the southwest);
north between two mountains, collecting a stream (coming from the east) and crossing a small lake (altitude: ) until its mouth, corresponding to the discharge of a small stream (coming from the north);
first towards the west by collecting a stream (coming from the north), then by forming a small loop towards the south to collect a stream (coming from the south) and towards the north by collecting another stream (coming from the west), up to the outlet (coming from the east) of Château lakes and at La Source;
towards the north in a deep valley by entering Château-Richer, then bending towards the north-west after having skirted a mountain (located on the west side), until the Rouge River East (coming from the east) which constitutes the outlet of Lac Grand;
towards the northwest first by collecting the discharge (coming from the north) from an unidentified lake, then by forming a curve towards the south to collect a mountain stream (coming from the south), to its mouth.
The Rouge River flows into a bend on the east bank of the Montmorency River. From this confluence of the Rouge River, the current flows over generally south by the course of the Montmorency River, to the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Toponymy
The toponym "Rivière Rouge" was formalized on December 13, 1996 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Notes and references
Appendices
Related articles
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality
La Jacques-Cartier Regional County Municipality
Sainte-Brigitte-de-Laval, a municipality
Château-Richer, a municipality
Rouge River East
Montmorency River
List of rivers of Quebec
Bibliography
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality
La Jacques-Cartier Regional County Municipality
Charles Wilkes (April 3, 1798 – February 8, 1877) was an American naval officer, ship's captain, and explorer. He led the United States Exploring Expedition, 1838–1842. His behavior led to two convictions by court-martial, one stemming from the massacre of almost 80 Fijians on Malolo in 1840.
During the American Civil War (1861–1865) he commanded during the Trent Affair, where he stopped a Royal Mail Ship and removed two Confederate diplomats, which almost led to war between the United States and England.
Early life and career
Wilkes was born in New York City, on April 3, 1798, as the great nephew of the former Lord Mayor of London John Wilkes. His mother was Mary Seton, who died in 1802 when Charles was just three years old. As a result, Charles was raised by his aunt, Elizabeth Ann Seton, who would later convert to Roman Catholicism and become the first American-born woman canonized a saint by the Catholic Church. When Elizabeth was left widowed with five children, Charles was sent to a boarding school, and later attended Columbia College, which is the present-day Columbia University. He entered the United States Navy as a midshipman in 1818, and became a lieutenant in 1826.
In 1833, for his survey of Narragansett Bay, he was placed in charge of the Navy's Department of Charts and Instruments, out of which developed the Naval Observatory and Hydrographic Office. Wilkes' interdisciplinary expedition (1838–1842) set a physical oceanography benchmark for the office's first superintendent Matthew Fontaine Maury.
He was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1843.
Columbian Institute
During the 1820s, Wilkes was a member of the prestigious Columbian Institute for the Promotion of Arts and Sciences, which counted among its members presidents Andrew Jackson and John Quincy Adams and many prominent men of the day, including well-known representatives of the military, government service, medical and other professions.
South Seas expedition
In 1838, although not yet a seasoned naval line officer, Wilkes was experienced in nautical survey work, and was working with civilian scientists. Upon this background, he was given command of the government exploring expedition "... for the purpose of exploring and surveying the Southern Ocean,... as well to determine the existence of all doubtful islands and shoals, as to discover, and accurately fix, the position of those which [lay] in or near the track of our vessels in that quarter, and [might] have escaped the observation of scientific navigators." The US Exploring Squadron was authorized by act of the Congress on May 18, 1836.
The Exploring Expedition, commonly known as the Wilkes Expedition, included naturalists, botanists, a mineralogist, taxidermists, artists and a philologist, and it was carried by (780 tons) and (650 tons), the brig (230 tons), the store-ship , and two schooners, (110 tons) and (96 tons).
Departing from Hampton Roads on August 18, 1838, the expedition stopped at the Madeira Islands and Rio de Janeiro; visited Tierra del Fuego, Chile, Peru, the Tuamotu Archipelago, Samoa, and New South Wales; from Sydney sailed into the Antarctic Ocean in December 1839 and reported the discovery "of an Antarctic continent west of the Balleny Islands" of which it sighted the coast on January 25, 1840. After charting 1500 miles of Antarctic coastline, the expedition visited Fiji and the Hawaiian Islands. In Fiji, the expedition kidnapped the chief Ro Veidovi, charging him with the murder of a crew of American whalers. And, in July 1840, two sailors, one of whom was Wilkes' nephew, Midshipman Wilkes Henry, were killed while bartering for food on Fiji's Malolo Island. Wilkes' retribution was swift and severe. According to an old man of Malolo Island, nearly 80 Fijians were killed in the incident.
From December 1840 to March 1841, he employed hundreds of native Hawaiian porters and many of his men to haul a pendulum to the summit of Mauna Loa to measure gravity. Instead of using the existing trail, he blazed his own way, taking much longer than he anticipated. The conditions on the mountain reminded him of Antarctica. Many of his crew suffered snow blindness, altitude sickness and foot injuries from wearing out their shoes.
He explored the west coast of North America, including the Strait of Juan de Fuca, Puget Sound, the Columbia River, San Francisco Bay and the Sacramento River, in 1841. He held the first American Independence Day celebration west of the Mississippi River in Dupont, Washington, on July 5, 1841. The United States Exploring Expedition passed through the Ellice Islands and visited Funafuti, Nukufetau and Vaitupu in 1841. The expedition returned by way of the Philippines, the Sulu Archipelago, Borneo, Singapore, Polynesia and the Cape of Good Hope, reaching New York on June 10, 1842.
After having completely encircled the globe (his was the last all-sail naval mission to do so), Wilkes had logged some 87,000 miles and lost two ships and 28 men. Wilkes was court-martialed upon his return for the loss of one of his ships on the Columbia River bar, for the regular mistreatment of his subordinate officers, and for excessive punishment of his sailors. A major witness against him was ship doctor Charles Guillou. He was acquitted on all charges except illegally punishing men in his squadron. For a short time, he was attached to the Coast Survey, but from 1844 to 1861, he was chiefly engaged in preparing the report of the expedition.
His Narrative of the United States Exploring Expedition (5 volumes and an atlas) was published in 1844. He edited the scientific reports of the expedition (19 volumes and 11 atlases, 1844–1874) and was the author of Vol. XI (Meteorology) and Vol. XXIII (Hydrography). Alfred Thomas Agate, engraver and illustrator, was the designated portrait and botanical artist of the expedition. His work was used to illustrate the Narrative of the United States Exploring Expedition. The Narrative contains much interesting material concerning the manners, customs, political and economic conditions in many places then little known. Wilkes' 1841 Map of the Oregon Territory pre-dated John Charles Fremont's first Oregon Trail pathfinder expedition guided by Kit Carson during 1842.
Other valuable contributions were the three reports of James Dwight Dana on Zoophytes (1846), Geology (1849) and Crustacea (1852–1854). Moreover, the specimens and artifacts brought back by expedition scientists ultimately formed the foundation for the Smithsonian Institution collection. In addition to many shorter articles and reports, Wilkes published the major scientific works Western America, including California and Oregon in 1849 and Voyage round the world: embracing the principal events of the narrative of the United States Exploring Expedition in one volume: illustrated with one hundred and seventy-eight engravings on wood in 1849, and Theory of the Winds in 1856.
Civil War
Wilkes was promoted to the rank of commander in 1843 and that of captain in 1855. At the outbreak of the American Civil War, he was assigned to the command of to search for the Confederate commerce destroyer .
Trent Affair
As part of these duties he visited the British colony of Bermuda in 1861. Acting on orders, Wilkes remained in port for nearly a week aboard his flagship, , violating the British rule that allowed American naval vessels (of either side) to remain in port for only a single day. While Wilkes remained in port, his gunboats and blockaded Saint George's harbor, a key Confederate blockade runner base. The gunboats opened fire at the RMS Merlin.
When Wilkes learned that James Murray Mason and John Slidell, two Confederate commissioners (to Britain and France, respectively), were bound for England on a British packet boat, , he ordered the steam frigate San Jacinto to stop them. On November 8, 1861, San Jacinto met Trent and fired two shots across its bow, forcing the ship to stop. A party from San Jacinto led by its captain then boarded Trent and arrested Mason and Slidell, a further violation of British neutrality. The diplomats were taken to Fort Warren in Boston Harbor.
The actions of "The Notorious Wilkes," as Bermuda media branded him, were contrary to maritime law and convinced many that full-scale war between the United States and the England was inevitable.
He was officially thanked by Congress "for his brave, adroit and patriotic conduct". However, his action was later disavowed by President Lincoln due to diplomatic protests by the British government (Mason and Slidell were released). His next service was in the James River flotilla and he was placed on the retired list on December 21, 1861. Subsequently, after reaching the rank of commodore on July 16, 1862, he was assigned to duty against blockade runners in the West Indies.
West Indies Squadron
As commander of the West Indies Squadron, Wilkes repeatedly complained of having an insufficient force, and he twice seconded to his own fleet ships ordered to other duties, even in spite of direct orders to release them. Though he had a degree of success in the capture of blockade runners, in which he profited personally, he drew criticism for failing in his primary task, the capture of the commerce raiders CSS Alabama and CSS Florida. He also repeatedly exacerbated diplomatic relations with the British, Spanish, Dutch, French, Danes and Mexicans through his arrogant and illegal activities in the West Indies and Bermuda. In violation of international law regarding belligerent nations, he established coal depots on a number of neutral islands and frequently illegally hovered outside of neutral ports. The British accused him of establishing virtual blockades of the ports of Nassau and St. George's, where his arrogant behavior even led to suspicions that he had been sent to intentionally insult the British, while the French similarly accused him of effectively blockading Martinique. Wilkes justified his actions by calling the ports little short of operational bases for blockade runners. His capture of ships such as the Peterhoff, Dolphin, Springbok, and Victor resulted in diplomatic remonstrations explicitly directed against Wilkes. He was recalled from his West Indies command in June 1863, a consequence of multiple factors. His failure to capture the Confederate commerce raiders certainly played a role, and his retention of the USS Vanderbilt in direct contravention of explicit orders to release it to independently hunt the Alabama served as a justification, but he probably owed his removal primarily to the seeming never-ending stream of complaints from neutral nations over his actions.
Court martial
Though supported by him in many of his actions in the West Indies, Wilkes frequently found himself in open conflict with Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles. Welles had recommended that Wilkes had been too old to receive the rank of commodore under the act then governing promotions.
When Welles severely criticized Wilkes in his December 1863 annual report over his retention of the Vanderbilt, Wilkes wrote a scathing response that found its way into the newspapers. A court of inquiry accused Wilkes of responsibility for its publication, and he was brought before a March 1864 court martial, facing charges of disobedience of orders, insubordination, disrespect of a superior officer, disobedience of naval regulations, and conduct unbecoming an officer. He was found guilty of all charges and sentenced to public reprimand and suspension for three years. However, Lincoln reduced the suspension to one year, and the balance of charges were dropped. On July 25, 1866, he was promoted to the rank of rear admiral on the retired list.
Later life
Some historians speculate that Wilkes' obsessive behavior and harsh code of shipboard discipline shaped Herman Melville's characterization of Captain Ahab in Moby-Dick. Such speculation is not mentioned in the United States Navy historical archives.
In addition to his contribution to the United States naval history and scientific study in his official Narrative of the Exploration Squadron (6 volumes), Wilkes wrote his autobiography.
Wilkes died in Washington, D.C. with the rank of Rear Admiral. In August 1909, the United States moved his remains to Arlington National Cemetery. His gravestone says that "he discovered the Ant-arctic continent."
Legacy
The United States Navy named three ships for Wilkes: torpedo boat that served around the turn of the 20th-century, destroyer that served during World War I, and destroyer that served during World War II.
An oceanographic survey vessel, the USS Wilkes (T-AGS-33), was launched in 1969 with the sponsorship of Mrs. Hollis Lyons Joy (Deborah Wilkes Joy), Wilkes' great-granddaughter.
Wilkes Land in Antarctica is named after him.
In 1923, Wilkes Island, one of the three islands surrounding the lagoon at Wake Atoll, was named for Wilkes by Alexander Wetmore who was the lead scientist of the Tanager Expedition.
Captain Charles Wilkes Elementary in Bainbridge Island, Washington was named in his honor.
Wilkes Boulevard in Columbia, Missouri is named in his honor.
The Hawaiian plant genus Wilkesia was named in his honor.
Dates of rank
Midshipman – 1 January 1818
Lieutenant – 28 April 1826
Commander – 13 July 1843
Captain – 14 September 1855
Retired List, 21 December 1861
Commodore, Retired List – 16 July 1862
Rear Admiral, Retired List – 6 August 1866
Publications
Western America, Including California and Oregon, with Maps of Those Regions ... (1849)
Defence of Com. Charles Wilkes (1864)
See also
European and American voyages of scientific exploration
Sources
References
Attribution:
Further reading
Blumenthal, Richard W. Charles Wilkes and the Exploration of Inland Washington Waters: Journals from the Expedition of 1841. Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Co, 2009.
Philbrick, Nathaniel. Sea of Glory: America's Voyage of Discovery: the U.S. Exploring Expedition, 1838–1842. New York: Penguin Books, 2004.
Wolfe, Cheri. Lt. Charles Wilkes and the Great U.S. Exploring Expedition. New York: Chelsea House Publishers, 1991.
External links
Smithsonian Digital Library Narrative of the United States Exploring Expedition, Charles Wilkes USN
Guide to the Charles Wilkes Papers, 1816–1876, Rubenstein Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Duke University
Wilkes Family Papers, J Murrey Atkins Library, UNC Charlotte
1798 births
1877 deaths
19th-century explorers
American explorers
American geographers
American oceanographers
American explorers of the Pacific
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Circumnavigators of the globe
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Explorers of Antarctica
Explorers of Oregon
People of the United States Exploring Expedition
Union Navy officers
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
Mikuláš Tóth (; 10 August 1833 – 21 May 1882) was a Slovak Greek Catholic hierarch. He was the bishop of Slovak Catholic Eparchy of Prešov from 1876 to 1882.
Born in Mukacheve, Austrian Empire (present day – Ukraine) in the Ruthenian family in 1833, he was ordained a priest on 18 December 1857 for the Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Mukacheve. He was appointed as the Bishop of Eparchy by the Holy See on 3 April 1876. He was consecrated to the Episcopate on 21 May 1876. The principal consecrator was Bishop Ivan Pasteliy, and the principal co-consecrator was Bishop Juraj Čásky.
He died unexpected in Prešov on 21 May 1882.
References
1833 births
1882 deaths
19th-century Eastern Catholic bishops
Slovak Greek Catholic bishops
Horrocks Block () is a large rectangular outcrop that is composed mainly of sandstone, lying on the north side of Venus Glacier, southwest of the Keystone Cliffs, on the east side of Alexander Island, Antarctica. It was mapped by the Directorate of Overseas Surveys from satellite imagery supplied by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration in cooperation with the U.S. Geological Survey, and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee from association with Venus Glacier after Jeremiah Horrocks, the British astronomer who predicted and first observed a transit of Venus, in 1639.
Horrocks Block seems to have some relation with nearby Bandstone Block, they appear to be both large rectangular outcrops of sandstone.
References
Rock formations on Alexander Island
The Apostolic Nunciature to Liberia is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Liberia. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Monrovia.
List of papal representatives to Liberia
Apostolic Internuncios
John Collins, S.M.A. (12 July 1951 - 3 March 1961)
Francis Carroll, S.M.A. (9 November 1961 - 25 August 1979)
Pro-Nuncio from 7 March 1966
Apostolic Pro-Nuncios
Johannes Dyba (25 August 1979 - 1 June 1983)
Romeo Panciroli (6 November 1984 - 18 March 1992)
Luigi Travaglino (4 April 1992 - 2 May 1995)
Apostolic Nuncios
Antonio Lucibello (8 September 1995 - 27 July 1999)
Apostolic Nuncios
Alberto Bottari de Castello (18 December 1999 - 1 April 2005)
George Antonysamy (4 August 2005 - 21 November 2012)
Mirosław Adamczyk (13 February 2013 - 12 August 2017)
Dagoberto Campos Salas (28 July 2018 – 14 May 2022)
Walter Erbì (16 July 2022 – present)
References
Liberia
Holy See–Liberia relations
Vatican City
The Waning Sex is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. Based on the 1923 play of the same name by Fanny and Frederic Hatton, the film starred Norma Shearer and Conrad Nagel.
Synopsis
Nina Duane (Norma Shearer) is a criminal lawyer whose gender is professionally resented by Philip Barry (Conrad Nagel), the District Attorney. She wins acquittal for man-chasing widow Mary Booth (Mary McAllister), then defeats her in romancing the D.A.
Cast
Preservation
Prints of The Waning Sex currently exists in the film archives of the Museum of Modern Art and Centre national du cinéma et de l'image animée in Fort de Bois-d'Arcy, France.
References
External links
Lobby card and stills at normashearer.com
1926 films
1926 romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Robert Z. Leonard
American films based on plays
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films with screenplays by F. Hugh Herbert
1920s American films
Silent romantic comedy films
Silent American comedy films
Michał Pruchnik (born 4 July 1991) is a Polish footballer who plays as a forward.
Senior career
Pruchnik's career started with Stal Mielec in 2007 after having moved from the club's youth team. In 2009 he joined Lechia Gdańsk, however after 4 seasons with the club he failed to play for the first team, but had managed 32 games and 11 goals for the Lechia second team. While contracted with Lechia, Pruchnik had two loan spells, firstly with Bałtyk Gdynia before joining Stal Mielec. He rejoined Stal permanently after the loan deal. His time at Stal wasn't as successful as his loan spell, and after a season he had left the club, failing to score a goal. He spent 4 years out of football before returning to play for Piast Tuczempy and Korona Rzeszów in 2018.
References
1991 births
Lechia Gdańsk players
Polish footballers
Association football forwards
Living people
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
The War Eagle Conference is a 11-team high school athletic conference in Northwest Iowa. The schools are classified as 1A and 2A, the two smallest classes in Iowa. The conference is widely recognized as one of the best small school baseball conferences in the state, often sending multiple teams to the state tournament. The WEC has also been successful in boys basketball housing multiple state champions, the most recent being South O'Brien boys in 2015–16 as Class 1A state champions at a record of 25–3. Remsen St. Mary's has been the most recent qualifiers the past two seasons (2016 and 2017)
List of member schools
History
After years of stability as a ten-team league, 2009 saw the league add Remsen-Union (formerly of the Western Valley Activities Conference) and Hartley–Melvin–Sanborn (formerly a Siouxland Conference member). In 2010, Sergeant Bluff-Luton, the lone 3A school in the conference, left the conference to join the Missouri River Activities Conference, which contains four large schools in nearby Sioux City and two Council Bluffs schools. Spalding Catholic merged with Gehlen Catholic before the 2013–14 school year. Trinity Christian of Hull took Spalding Catholic's spot in the schedule. The War Eagle Conference accepted Harris–Lake Park and Clay Central–Everly at the beginning of the 2014–15 and 2015–16 school years, respectively, after the dissolution of the Cornbelt Conference. Starting with the 2016–17 school year, Marcus-Meriden-Cleghorn merged with Remsen-Union to form the MMCRU Royals.
On March 11, 2019, Clay Central–Everly announced it would be closing its high school at the end of that school year, effectively ceasing all athletics. Students were invited to attend area schools.
Sports
The conference offers the following sports:
Fall — Volleyball, boys' cross-country, and girls' cross-country.
Winter — Boys' basketball, girls' basketball, and wrestling.
Spring — Boys' track and field, girls' track and field, boys' golf, and girls' golf.
Summer — Baseball and softball.
External links
Official site
References
High school sports in Iowa
James ("Jimmy") Grashow (born January 16, 1942) is an American sculptor and woodcut artist. He is perhaps best known for his sculptures and large-scale installations (such as cities, fountains, and menageries) made of cardboard.
Grashow was born in Brooklyn, New York and received his BFA (1963) and MFA (1965) degrees from Pratt Institute. He then received a Fulbright Travel Grant to study in Florence. Based in Redding, Connecticut, his works have been exhibited at many museums including the DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park in Lincoln, Massachusetts; the Art Complex Museum in Duxbury, Massachusetts; the Center for the Arts at SUNY Purchase
the Taubman Museum of Art in Roanoke, Virginia and the Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum in Ridgefield, Connecticut.
Grashow also created cover art for record albums such as Jethro Tull's 1969 album Stand Up and the 1971 Yardbirds album Live Yardbirds: Featuring Jimmy Page.
He is the subject of a 2012 documentary entitled The Cardboard Bernini, describing the creation, exhibition, anticipated decay, and ultimate destruction of an enormous cardboard fountain, inspired by the Trevi Fountain in Rome and the work of Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
References
External links
Official website
Artists from Connecticut
People from Brooklyn
Pratt Institute alumni
1942 births
Living people
People from Redding, Connecticut
The 2007 Birmingham–Southern Panthers football team represented Birmingham–Southern College during the 2007 NCAA Division III football season. This was the first season for the Panthers played after a 68-year hiatus. They managed just one win over a varsity opponent, .
Schedule
References
Birmingham–Southern
Birmingham–Southern Panthers football seasons
Birmingham–Southern Panthers football
"Gelem, Gelem" is a song composed by Žarko Jovanović, often used as the anthem of the Romani people. The title has been adapted in many countries by local Roma to match their native orthography and spoken dialect of the Romani language. Some of the song's many titles include
"Đelem, Đelem" (Croatian and Latin Serbian and Bosnian orthography)
"Djelem, Djelem" (German and French orthography)
"Dzelem, Dzelem"
"Dželem, Dželem" (alternative Croatian and Latin Serbian and Bosnian orthography)
"Gyelem, Gyelem" (Hungarian orthography)
"Jelem, Jelem"
"Opré Roma"
"Romale Shavale"
"Ѓелем, Ѓелем" (Macedonian orthography)
"Джелем, джелем" (Russian, Ukrainian and Bulgarian orthography)
"Ђелем, Ђелем" (Cyrillic Serbian and Bosnian orthography)
"Џелем, Џелем" (alternative Cyrillic Serbian and Bosnian orthography)
"Kara Çocuk Raksı" (Turkish version, lit. black child dance)
In an interview with reporter Mike Kalezić, Jovanović himself titled the song "Opre Roma".
After experiencing firsthand the incarceration of Roma during the Porajmos (the Romani Holocaust of World War II), Jovanović later composed the lyrics of "Gelem, Gelem" and set them to a traditional melody in 1949. The song was first adopted by delegates of the first World Romani Congress held in 1971.
Lyrics
Original
Translation
I went, I went on long roads
I met happy Roma
O Roma, where do you come from,
With tents happy on the road?
O Roma, O Romani youths!
I once had a great family,
The Black Legion murdered them
Come with me, Roma from all the world
For the Roma, roads have opened
Now is the time, rise up Roma now,
We will rise high if we act
O Roma, O Romani youths!
Open, God, White doors
So I can see where are my people.
Come back to tour the roads
And walk with happy Roma
O Roma, O Romani youths!
Up, Romani people! Now is the time
Come with me, Roma from all the world
Dark face and dark eyes,
I want them like dark grapes
O Roma, O Romani youths!
Alternate lyrics
There are many versions of "Gelem, Gelem", notably those translated by Ronald Lee.
In 2004, the band Vaya Con Dios released an interpretation, with lyrics in French by their singer Dani Klein, with the similar sounding title "Je l'aime, Je l'aime".
References
Sources
Patrin Web Journal - Gelem, Gelem: Roma Anthem
See also
Romani nationalism
External links
Kosovo Roma Oral History Project - Roma Culture: Music
Romani music
Anthems
Isaac N. Carleton (10 June 1832 – 8 August 1902) was an educator. He taught at Phillips Academy and was the principal of State Normal School in New Britain, Connecticut for twelve years. He was the founder of Carleton School in Massachusetts. He was the president of the American Institute of Instruction for two years.
Youth and education
Carleton was born in Bradford (now part of Haverhill), Massachusetts on 10 June 1832 to Isaac Carleton and Mary Richardson Carleton. He attended Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts from 1852 to 1855. He completed his BA at Dartmouth College in 1859.
Family
Carleton married Laura Tenney Carleton 8 August 1860 in Hartford, Vermont. They raised four children, Grace, Clara, Walter and Theodore. Grace married Forrest F. Dryden, son of New Jersey Senator John F. Dryden. Walter was one of the three founding directors of NEC Corporation, the first Japanese joint venture with foreign capital. Theodore attended Yale University (Day, pg 251).
Career
He went back to Phillips Academy to teach Latin and Greek from 1859 to 1863. He was principal at Peabody High School in 1864. In 1865, Carleton was an associate principal for a young ladies' seminary in Lexington, Massachusetts. He was the acting principal of the State Normal School (now Central Connecticut State University) in New Britain, Connecticut during the summer session of 1866. He was the principal of a young ladies' home and day school in Medford) Massachusetts in 1866 to 1869. This would be later known as Carleton School.
He returned to the New Britain State Normal School as its fifth principal in 1869. During his years there, the school was reported to have recovered the reputation that had been jeopardized by its closure in the 1867 Connecticut State General Assembly. He received an honorary MA from Yale University in 1872. He was selected as President of the American Institute of Instruction in 1878. He served at the New Britain Normal School until 1881. He returned to Bradford, Massachusetts as principal of Carleton School from 1884 to 1901. His school earned an endorsement from Phillips Academy at Andover. He received an honorary Ph.D. from Dartmouth in 1889.
Carleton died 8 August 1902, in Haverhill, Massachusetts.
Carleton School
Carleton School was a college preparatory boarding school in Massachusetts. There are three notable periods that defined Carleton School; it was originally a girls' school, later was a boys' school, and became a military school at the end of its operation. In 1868, the school was located in Medford, Massachusetts. It was called I.N. Carleton's Home and Day School for Young Ladies.
In 1869, Carleton set aside running a private school and went to the New Britain State Normal School (now Central Connecticut State University) in New Britain, Connecticut as its fifth principal. He served there until 1881.
In 1884, Carleton started a new private school. It was referred to as I.N. Carleton's Home and Day School for Boys in 1886, located in Bradford Massachusetts. This was the longest and most defining period in its operation as a boys' preparatory school. By 1896, it was simply called Carleton School. The last period of the school's existence was possibly the most dramatic change.
It was renamed The Carleton Military School in approximately 1901. Carleton still held the position of principal, but a Major Baker ran the military instruction, having previously been a military instructor at Harvard University summer school. Carleton died 8 August 1902, two months after the expected end of the school year. The location of the school continued to be used as a boarding house, called the Carleton House for Boys and Young Men in approximately 1925. The school buildings still stand near the corner of Chadwick and South Main Street in Haverhill, and are used as apartments.
American Institute of Instruction
Upon his selection as its president, the National Journal of Education was quoted: "In the election of Prof. I. N. Carleton, principal of the State Normal School of New Britain as President of the American Institute of instruction, a wise choice has been made. It is a deserved honor to the Normal school fraternity of New England, as well as a compliment to Mr. Carleton's ability as an educator. He is energetic and enthusiastic, and will spare no efforts to make his administration useful and successful."
References
I. N. Carleton, The Carleton School for Young Men and Boys, Lawrence MA: James Ward Jr., 1894.
Herbert E. Fowler, A Century of Teacher Education in Connecticut, New Britain CT: Teachers College of Connecticut, 1949.
Catalogue of The Officers and Graduates of Yale University In New Haven Connecticut 1701–1924, page 591, (1924).
Dartmouth College and Associated Schools General Catalogue, 1760–1940.
Peabody High School, Peabody High School Committee Report, April 1864.
Peabody High School, Peabody High School Committee Report, April 1865.
Mrs. H. D. Carleton (1997), Carleton Family Album.
The Dartmouth, Page 40, January (day unknown) 1868.
The Dartmouth, Page 45, September 19, 1878.
The Dartmouth, Page 215, January 30, 1880.
The Dartmouth, Page 86, October 26, 1883.
The Dartmouth, Page 16, September 26, 1902.
Clarence S. Day Jr., Decennial Record of the Class of 1896 Yale College, New York NY: De Vinne Press, 1907.
Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain, Universities and Their Sons, Boston MA: R. Herndon Co, 1900.
External links
Phillips Academy Andover
Peabody Public Schools
Central Connecticut State University
American educators
Phillips Academy alumni
Dartmouth College alumni
1832 births
1902 deaths
People from Bradford, Massachusetts
Eleanor Mary Sherman Thackara (1859–1915), is most known as the daughter of Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman of American Civil War fame and his wife, Ellen Ewing Sherman. Married to a diplomat, she spent a good deal of her time in Europe.
Early life
Childhood
Known as "Ellie" in the correspondence between her and her father, she was one of eight children, but little is known about her childhood. Her mother was a cousin of Mother Angela Gillespie, directress of St. Mary's Academy in South Bend, Indiana. In 1864, Ellen Sherman took up temporary residence in South Bend, in order to have her young children educated at St. Mary's and Notre Dame du Lac.
In 1879 and at the age of 20, Thackara met Alexander Montgomery Thackara in Washington, D. C. The two began a courtship that lasted a year before their marriage on May 5, 1880, at her parents' home in Washington, D.C.
Family
In 1881, the Lt. Thackara left military service, moving to Philadelphia with Thackara to join the family business . While there, the couple spent three years in the town of Rosemont where Thackara gave birth to four children, Alexander Montgomery "Mont", William Sherman "Sherman", Elizabeth, and Eleanor. Thackara was also mentioned in the New York Evangelist as an upcoming writer as she weighed in on the idea of training schools in Philadelphia, but little else is known about her career in writing.
Later life
Philanthropy
In 1897, Mr. Thackara was appointed by President William McKinley to serve as US Consul in Le Havre, France, moving the entire family overseas. He also served as Consul General in Berlin from 1905 to 1913. While living in France, she served with the Red Cross in Paris, and received awards for her work in the organization. She was elected President of the American Women's Club, a social organization.
Death
In 1913, Eleanor and Thackara returned to Paris when President Woodrow Wilson appointed the Lieutenant as Consul General once again. She died two years after their return on July 18, 1915. She was survived by her four children and her husband Alexander.
References
External links
Sherman-Thackara Collection at Villanova University
1859 births
1915 deaths
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
American expatriates in Germany
American expatriates in France
19th-century American philanthropists
The Party of the Dictatorship of the Proletariat (Partiya Diktaturi Proletariata) (PDP) is a communist political party in Russia, that practices a variant form of Maoist thought most similar to Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, though the Party itself refuses to comment on its beliefs beyond "Marxist", or "Communist". It is the successor to the Samara Stachkom, a Maoist Russian dissident movement from the time of the Era of Stagnation during the Soviet Union.
The PDP was founded in 1990, by Alexei Razlatsky and Grigory Isayev, communist dissidents in the Samara region of Russia. Following several early splits in the party, and the death of Razlatsky in 1989, the party solidified under Isayev's leadership. Since that point, the Party has mainly directed criticism towards the United Russia party of President Vladimir Putin. As Isayev himself said he "Sees almost no difference between the then rotten CPSU and the current rotten 'United Russia'", referencing the latter's former struggles against the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and Leonid Brezhnev in the 1970-80s.
The party is currently based in the city of Samara and was led by Grigory Isayev, until his death in 2020. The Party has never contested elections, as its support is small and highly localized to machine workers in the Samara region, many of whom have been long-time members. Following the death of Isayev, the party's standing remains unclear in Russia, and it may have ceased to exist or returned to a purely underground state.
The PDP publishes the newspaper Zabastovka (English: "strike action").
References
External links
Official website
Non-Official website
1990 establishments in Russia
1990 establishments in the Soviet Union
Communist parties in Russia
Communist parties in the Soviet Union
Maoist organizations in Europe
Maoist parties
Political parties established in 1990
Soviet opposition groups
Angry Birds Trilogy is a video game co-developed by Rovio Entertainment, Exient Entertainment, Housemarque, and Fun Labs and published by Activision.
The game contains the first three games of the popular mobile game series (Angry Birds, Angry Birds Seasons and Angry Birds Rio) and was released for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and on Nintendo 3DS on September 25, 2012 in North America and September 28 in Europe. Both the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game are able to be played with motion controls along with the traditional controllers. The game was released on Wii and Wii U consoles on August 13, 2013 in North America and on August 16 in Europe. The game was released for the PlayStation Vita in October 2013.
This compilation includes exclusive levels that cannot be found on the original games. The game also contains biographies of each bird, except for Hal (green bird), Bubbles (orange bird), and Stella (pink bird). To ensure that the compilation is considerably up to date with more recent versions of the originally released games, Rovio released downloadable content packs, such as the Anger Management Pack and the Fowl Temper Pack, on select platforms. The Anger Management Pack was made available on December 18, 2012, and the Fowl Tempered Pack was made available on March 8, 2013.
Gameplay
In Angry Birds Trilogy, the player controls a flock of multi-colored birds that are attempting to retrieve their eggs, which have been stolen by a group of hungry green pigs (on the Angry Birds Rio levels, the birds are trying to get back to their eggs). On each level, the pigs (in Rio, caged birds or marmosets) are sheltered by structures made of various materials such as wood, glass, and stone, and the objective of the game is to eliminate them on the level. Using a slingshot, players launch the birds with the intent of either hitting the pigs directly or damaging the structures, causing them to collapse and pop the pigs. In various stages of the game, additional objects such as explosive crates and rocks are found in the structures and may be used in conjunction with the birds to pop hard-to-reach pigs.
Controls
Most versions of Trilogy support motion controls (or require them, as in the Wii version), where players can use a pointer-based motion control system (such as the Move's Orb or the Kinect sensor's hand tracker) or a touch screen to operate and aim the slingshot. If motion controls are not preferred, the slingshot is instead controlled with an analog stick.
In all versions, except the Wii and Nintendo 3DS versions, it is possible to quickly reset a level by holding down a certain controller button for two seconds.
Reception
IGN's Lucas M. Thomas noted the enhanced visuals and its extras, but was unfavorable on the motion controls, as opposed to the standard controls, and the price tag. "If you've already spent your $2.97 before [...] just go back to your iPhone. If unhealthily addicted to all things Angry Birds though, feel free to pick up this package.". The latter remark was also made by Ron DelVillano of NintendoLife. Robert Workman of GameZone panned the 3DS version, comparably to the home console versions and the original mobile one, regarding the design as underwhelming and effects as "minimal". Dan Whitehead of Eurogamer decried the Kinect feature on the Xbox 360 version, calling it worse than the gameplay on the mobile versions, and slightly worse than the PlayStation Move.
References
External links
2012 video games
Activision games
Kinect games
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo 3DS eShop games
Nintendo Network games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Move-compatible games
PlayStation Vita games
Trilogies
Video game compilations
Video games developed in Finland
Xbox 360 games
Xbox One games
Wii games
Wii U games
Wii U eShop games
Puzzle video games
Trilogy
Rovio Entertainment games
Housemarque games
Exient Entertainment games
Single-player video games
Fun Labs games
Bodil Anita Johansson, later surname Jacobson (born 19 August 1954) is a former Swedish figure skater from Malmö. She competed at the 1972 Winter Olympics.
Results
References
External links
Skatabase profile
Living people
Olympic figure skaters of Sweden
Swedish female single skaters
Figure skaters at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Malmö
1954 births
The Great Bank Robbery may refer to:
The Great Bank Robbery (1913 film), Danish silent film, originally released as Gorki
The Great Bank Robbery (1969 film), American Western comedy film
Telephony Server Application Programming Interface was a computer telephony integration standard developed and promoted by Novell and AT&T. It consisted of a number of call control commands for switching calls, voice mail and call logging using NetWare servers. Unlike the competing Telephony Application Programming Interface from Microsoft and Intel, it was a server-based system that did not expect client-side equipment to handle call switching. This was important to AT&T, which sold large telephone switches that Telephony Server Application Programming Interface was intended to work with.
Description
Telephony Server Application Programming Interface consisted of two primary parts, the application programming interface itself, and a "telephony service provider" that ran on a server and talked to clients. Novell produced one such provider, "TServer" that ran, unsurprisingly, on NetWare servers. TServer, in turn, talked to a driver specific to the brand of telephony switch being used. NetWare acted primarily as the operating system for TServer to run within, although TServer did make use of NetWare Directory Services for security and provisioning. The whole system from client-side drivers to server to private branch exchange driver was known as "NetWare Telephony Services", at least when using Novell software.
Message formats were based on a standard promoted by the European Computer Manufacturers Association, which was directly supported by a number of European-built switches. When used with one of these switches, the driver between the server and the switch was "thin". "Thicker" drivers were needed for switches that did not directly support these standards. The client-side application programming interface was available for Windows 3.1, Windows 95, Windows NT, OS/2, macOS, UnixWare and Linux.
The interface was a control protocol only, and did not send a voice data across the network for use with software-based phones. It included commands for dialing, hanging up, and other instructions. It required a channel, called a stream, to be set up for all communications.
Telephony Server Application Programming Interface and Versit
Telephony Server Application Programming Interface was created in an era when major telephony vendors were promoting a vision of wide-area networking based on dedicated circuit-switched links. Unlike modern networking systems where each piece of data is separately routed to its destination, these networking systems were essentially a version of the existing phone system carrying data instead of voice, setting up dedicated channels between endpoints. Looking for applications that might make use of such a network, vendors promoted numerous new standards for videotelephony, high-speed fax, etc.
Only the control system was standardized; getting data into and out of a computer remained an issue. There were a number of efforts by various vendors to support this functionality. Apple Computer was promoting GeoPort as the computer-end of such a system, and selected Telephony Server Application Programming Interface as the messaging protocol. The various vendors formed the Versit Consortium and published "The Versit CTI Encyclopedia." The Encyclopedia expanded the basic system to include a data-type identifier to allow it to switch any sort of "call". Additionally, Versit allowed that data to be switched to the computer using GeoPort or a number of other connection options.
References
Paul Cronin, "An Introduction to TSAPI and Network Telephony", IEEE Communications, April 1996
"Telephony Services Application Programming Interface (TSAPI)", NetWare Software Developer Kit, Release 5 (or later) xx Link is dead xx
Application programming interfaces
Telephone service enhanced features
The Most International titles in women's handball is a list of women's handball teams around the world with most international titles representing all the International Handball Federation Affiliated Confederations such as the Asian Handball Federation (AHF), African Handball Confederation (CAHB), European Handball Federation (EHF), North America and the Caribbean Handball Confederation (NACHC), Oceania Continent Handball Federation (OCHF), and the South and Central America Handball Confederation (SCAHC).
Regional Titles are not accounted in this list because it does not affiliate with the International Handball Federation Competitions.
Top 10
Countries with most teams in top 10
Countries with most titles in top 10
References
External link
International Handball Federation - IHF
Handball Archive - todor66.com
Handball-related lists
Green Acres is a census-designated place in Rolette County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 605 as of the 2020 census.
Demographics
Education
The local school district is the Belcourt School District (Turtle Mountain Community School).
References
Census-designated places in Rolette County, North Dakota
Census-designated places in North Dakota
Kenneth Gordon Stewart (born 9 September 1955) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs and the Parramatta Eels.
Biography
Manchester born Stewart was a regular fixture in the South Sydney first-grade side from 1977 to 1983, during which time he served as one of the club's captains. He amassed a total of 145 premiership games, with one finals appearance in 1980. Stewart, who played as a hooker, finished his career with two seasons at Parramatta.
Stewart remained involved in rugby league after retiring, coaching the Moss Vale Dragons in 1993 and 1994. He is a former CEO of the South Sydney Leagues Club.
References
External links
Ken Stewart at Rugby League project
1955 births
Living people
English emigrants to Australia
English rugby league players
Parramatta Eels players
People educated at Matraville Sports High School
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Manchester
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
South Sydney Rabbitohs captains
The Prospect Hawks Football Club is an Australian rules football club which was a member of the Tasmanian State Football League (TSL) from 2014 until 2016. The club is based in Prospect, a Western suburb of Launceston. The club is a rebranding of Western Storm Football Club, the latter of which had competed stand alone in the TSL in 2014 and 2015, in partnership with the local Prospect Senior and Junior Football Clubs.
Club details
The Prospect Hawks Football Club represents the western side of Launceston and areas surrounded by the Great Western Tiers. The club was established as the Western Storm Football Club and entered the Tasmanian state league competition in 2014. The club replaced the South Launceston Football Club at the end of the 2013 season, with the latter exiting the competition due to not pursuing a further licence in the Tasmanian State League beyond the season, despite eventually winning the 2013 premiership. Regardless, the history making 2014 Western Storm list was made up of significant numbers of past premiership players joining the new franchise from South Launceston. Originally, former Hawthorn AFL player Mitch Thorp was selected as coach of the side, though he resigned prior to the 2014 season to become assistant-coach at SANFL club Glenelg.
After a disastrous season on and off the field in 2015, the club was rebranded in 2016 as the Prospect Hawks Football Club, in partnership with local senior and junior clubs in Prospect, to try to improve the club's connection to the western Launceston community. However, the club was unable to put together a competitive senior team, and withdrew from senior competition in 2016 with the intention of returning by 2018; it still fielded a team in the TSL reserves, but was highly uncompetitive. The club's TSL licence was terminated at the end of 2016.
Home stadium
During its time as the Western Storm, the club played all its home games at the Aurora Stadium in Launceston. As the Prospect Hawks, it split its games between Aurora Stadium and Prospect Park.
Training ground
The club is headquartered and trains at Prospect Vale Park in the Meander Valley Council region.
Guernsey
The club guernsey home strip in 2014 was a predominantly dark grey with a significant lighter blue lightning strike sprawled across the front of the guernsey. The away strip was identical with respect to the same lightning strike though it is coloured in a predominantly white background. In the 2015, a new guernsey featured a more prominent impression of the Club's 'Thor' logo, and design combined the club's colours of grey, blue and white.
After relaunching as the Prospect Hawks, the club adopted a design of brown and gold vertical stripes, consistent with that of Australian Football League team .
Results
State League
Attendance records
Record Home Attendance – Tasmanian State League
● 1,500 v North Launceston on 3 May 2014 at Aurora Stadium
Record Finals Attendance – Tasmanian State League
● 5,842 v North Launceston on 21 September 2014 (2014 TSL Grand Final) at Aurora Stadium
Foxtel Cup
Despite only forming as a new club in late 2013, the Western Storm were granted an invitation to compete in the 2014 Foxtel Cup knockout competition ahead of 2013 runners-up Burnie due to its connections to 2013 premiers South Launceston. The Western Storm were the only Tasmanian club to win a preliminary game in the competition's history, and were knocked out in the Semi Final stage.
References
External links
Official club Facebook page
Australian rules football clubs established in 2014
2014 establishments in Australia
Australian rules football clubs in Tasmania
Tasmanian Football League clubs
is the second season of the anime series, Lady Lady!!, produced by Toei Animation Co., Ltd. It consists of a total of 36 episodes and was aired from May 12, 1988 to January 26, 1989 on TV Tokyo. Based on the Japanese shōjo manga Lady!!, by Youko Hanabusa.
Story
Lynn is starting a new life in her new home, living separately from her family. Her sister Sarah is living at her grandfather's place at Warbawn Castle, while her father works endlessly to earn money to take back the Marble Mansion. She is studying at Saint Patrick Academy, a distinguished school famous for horseback riding. Making friends, as well as rivals, along the way to attaining the prestigious honor, the Lady Crest. With her noble steed Andrews, will they overcome obstacles that come in their way to reach their goal? And can Lynn come back to her old home?
Characters
Lynn is a cheerful and friendly 8-year-old girl who slowly wins the affections of the people around her. She is a first-year student at Saint Patrick Academy and a member of equestrian club. When she befriends the unruly horse, Andrews, she becomes the center of attention of the town, as well as the object of ire and envy of her schoolmates who are eying the Lady Crest.
Andrews is an Arabian horse. He has characteristically bay or chestnut in color. He was formerly Vivian's steed. He has a fear of squirrels. He inherited his marvelous skills from his mother, Gloria.
She is Lynn's older half sister. After losing the Marble Mansion, she is now living at the Warbawn Castle, her grandfather's place. Kind and caring, she is often concerned of her younger sister's well-being. Despite living separately, she and Lynn still share a strong bond. They both have golden heart-shaped lockets given to them by their father, the Viscount Marble. In the locket is a picture of the three of them as well as the words engraved that characterize a true Lady: Merciful, Courageous, and Noble. As a skilled flutist, she has a tendency to play the flute whenever she is troubled or in deep thought, and sometimes to comfort her grandfather.
He is Lynn and Sarah's father. After losing the Marble Mansion, George is working hard to pay all of his debts and regain it from the bank. He is frequently away but loves his children dearly.
Misuzu was Lynn's deceased mother. She died in a car crash three years ago. She appears in her dreams to encourage her whenever she is downhearted.
Arthur is the eldest son and heir of the noble Brighton family. He is in love with Sarah.
Edward is Arthur's younger brother and Lynn's childhood friend. He is a student of Winston Churchill Academy. Good-looking and a skilled equestrian, Edward is the object of Vivian's affections . However, he is in love with Lynn.
She is the Countess at Montgomery Mansion where Lynn is living at.
Hailing from France, Sophie is the granddaughter of Countess Montgomery. At the beginning of the series, she puts up a sweet and innocent facade while scheming to put Lynn in a bad light in order to ensure that the Countess' inheritance will go to her family. She loves her mother dearly and does what it takes to please her even though she knows that actions against Lynn were wrong. Fear of being lonely in her life, she is afraid of being put into a dormitory. Lynn, being naïve, cared for her as her little sister and understands what she is going through. Though Sophie has a mother, she does not feel any motherly love from her. After the incident her pet squirrel Louie, Sophie changed her attitude towards Lynn and become friendly with her. She usually carries a doll around with her, the only gift she received from her mother on her birthday.
Jeanne is Sophie's mother. Threatened by Lynn's closeness with the Countess Montgomery, she used her own daughter to make sure that they will be the ones to inherit the Countess' inheritance, frequently threatening Sophie to return her to a dormitory.
Vivian is the captain of Saint Patrick Academy girls' equestrian club. She is renowned as the "queen" of horseback riding because of her outstanding performance in horsemanship and is admired by her peers. Strict and exacting, she is a gifted equestrienne. She is the former rider of Andrews and current rider of Elizabeth. Threatened by Lynn's popularity when she managed to tame Andrews, Vivian treats Lynn harshly. Her feeling of dislike for Lynn is further fueled when she notices that Edward is more interested in Lynn than in her. She allied herself with Mary, who also resented Lynn for ruining her mother's marriage arrangement and to become one of the nobility classes. After the accident, Vivian's attitude towards Lynn gradually changes and began to accept her and even support her in her struggles. She is often accompanied by her entourages Phyllis and Matilda.
Phyllis is a classmate and friend of Vivian and Matilda. She is a member of girls' equestrian club. Like Vivian, Phyllis and Matilda are discontented with Lynn thinking that they will be outdone by a junior who is not affiliated with them.
Matilda is the bespectacled friend of Vivian and Phyllis. She is a member of girls' equestrian club.
Catherine or Cathy, is Vivian's close cousin. She is a transferred first-year student and the newest member of the girls' equestrian club in Saint Patrick Academy. Keen and intelligent, she is a talented equestrienne and only first-year allowed to ride Elizabeth. Unlike her cousin, she sees Lynn as a good friend and a commendable rival. She is also competing for the tournament championship and for the Lady Crest.
Philip is the captain of the St. Patrick Academy boys' equestrian club and an acquaintance of Edward. Like Edward, he is good-looking and a skilled equestrian. He occasionally hangs around at girls' equestrian club's premises to see Vivian practicing. He has feelings for Vivian though he does not want to admit it to her, knowing that she has feelings for Edward.
Lynn's friend and classmate. She is also a member of equestrian club.
Also Lynn's friend and classmate. She is quite timid around people. She recently joined the equestrian club.
Suzie is one of Lynn's classmate and a member of school's disciplinary committee. She is also a member of tennis club, and Mary's underclassman. She is quite discontented with Lynn after the incident with Andrews and the attention she is getting.
His name was not mentioned in the series; he is the headmaster of Saint Patrick Academy. He is an old acquaintance of Countess Isabel Montgomery and her late husband.
Eric is Paul and Suzie's older brother. Ever since their parents died, he has been running a small shop to support his younger siblings.
Paul is Eric's younger brother and one of Lynn's friends.
Nancy is Eric and Paul's younger sister.
Peggy is the daughter of a general store's owner, and one of Lynn's friends.
Henry is the household butler and chauffeur working at Montgomery Mansion. Aside his job, he is also knowledgeable about horseback riding, training and helping Lynn at home to further improve her skills with Andrews.
She is the maid working at Montgomery Mansion.
Jim is the shaggy coach employed by the headmaster to teach horseback riding at Saint Patrick Academy's both boys and girls equestrian clubs. Despite his looks, he is young and good at equestrian skills.
Barbara is a skilled equestrienne from another school and an acquaintance of Cathy. She first appeared on episode 14, as one of the observing spectators during Lynn and Cathy's preliminary competition for the Junior Grand Nationals. Like the two, Barbara is also competing for tournament together with her friends Betty and Anne.
Betty is the freckled blonde equestrienne and a friend of Barbara and Anne. She is another competitor participating in the tournament finals.
Anne is an equestrienne from another school and a bespectacled friend of Barbara and Betty. Like her friends, she is also competing in the tournament finals.
Mary is the daughter of Baroness Magdalene Wavebury and granddaughter of Victor Reynolds. She appeared on episode 22 and continued to the latter half of the series. Mary returned from Switzerland and is enrolled at Saint Patrick Academy, after learning that Lynn is also studying there. She resented Lynn for ruining her mother's marriage arrangement and to become one of the nobility classes, and wants to take revenge by manipulating misfortunes that befall on her and use it to her advantage. She joined the tennis club, being a skilled tennis player. Like other girls in the academy, she's also aiming for the Lady Crest. Though Vivian allied herself with her, Mary has other plans of her own. She will do anything to eliminate her rivals from obtaining the Lady Crest, even putting others in harm's way.
Victor is the chairman of one of Britain's largest company. He is Magdalene's father and, Thomas and Mary's grandfather, subtly he wants to buy the Marble Mansion after the arson fire it happened and he dislikes George because of the incident of Baroness made her hating London along with Thomas.
Narrator
List of episodes
Music
Opening Theme
Lyrics by Mitsuko Shiramine
Composition by Ryo Matsuda
Arrangement by Keiichi Oku
Performed by Kaori Moritani
Courtesy of Columbia Records
Ending Theme
Lyrics by Mitsuko Shiramine
Composition by Masae Nanbu
Arrangement by Keiichi Oku
Performed by Kaori Moritani
Courtesy of Columbia Records
Staff
Director: Hiroshi Shidara
Producer: Kazuo Yokoyama, Hiromi Seki
Episode Director: Toshihiko Arisako, Yasuo Yamayoshi
Character Design: Kazuhiro Ochi
Art Design: Takao Sawada
Storyline: Tomoko Konparu
Planning: Hiromi Seki, Kazuo Yokoyama
Production Manager: Yoshiro Sugawara
Music: Kōhei Tanaka
Production Company: Toei Animation Co., Ltd., Toei Advertising, Ltd.
External links
Toei Animation's Official Website: Hello! Lady Lynn
Author's Official Website: リンのマーブル館
TOEI Animation Europe: Hello! Lady Lynn
1988 anime television series debuts
1989 Japanese television series endings
Anime series based on manga
Historical anime and manga
Toei Animation television
TV Tokyo original programming
Television shows set in England
fr:Gwendoline (anime)
ja:ハロー!レディリン
Cameroon sent a delegation to compete at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States from 8–24 February 2002. This was the nation's first appearance at a Winter Olympic Games. Cameroon sent only one representative, cross-country skier Isaac Menyoli. He finished the sprint in 65th place and the 2 × 10 kilometre pursuit in 80th position.
Background
The Cameroon Olympic and Sports Committee was recognised by the International Olympic Committee on 31 December 1962. The country began participating in Summer Olympics soon after, in 1964, and have participated in every Summer Olympics since. Salt Lake City was Cameroon's first appearance at a Winter Olympic Games. The 2002 Winter Olympics were held from 8–24 February 2002; a total of 2,399 athletes representing 77 National Olympic Committees took part. Cameroon sent one athlete to the Salt Lake City Olympics, cross-country skier Isaac Menyoli. He was selected as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony while a ceremony volunteer carried the Cameroonian flag for the closing ceremony.
Cross-country skiing
Isaac Menyoli was 29 years old at the time of the Salt Lake City Olympics, and was dedicated to use his Olympic participation to promote the cause of AIDS education in his native country. He was living in Wisconsin, and took up skiing in earnest only the year before, and competed successfully in five qualifying races. About Cameroon, Menyoli said "My friends think it is very stupid; we celebrate the Summer Olympics at home but the Winter Olympics are unheard of," On 14 February, he took part in the 2 × 10 kilometre pursuit, finishing the first classical 10 kilometres in 45 minutes and 40.3 seconds, ranking 80th and last. Only the top 60 were allowed to proceed to the second 10 kilometre freestyle portion, and Menyoli was eliminated, the slowest qualifying time being 29 minutes and 4.6 seconds. Five days later, on 19 February, he was a competitor in the sprint, finishing the qualifying round in a time of 4 minutes and 10.07 seconds. Only the top 16 could advance to the next round, and he was again eliminated; the slowest qualifying time was 2 minutes and 53.87 seconds. He ended the event in 65th place out of 69 classified finishers.
Sprint
References
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
Olympics
Khajwa is the largest town, Janpad panchayat and Nagar Panchayat in Chhatarpur district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. It is 11 km from Khajuraho, 5 km from Rajnagar and 38 km from district headquarters Chhatarpur.
Geographics
Khawa is located at . It has an average elevation of 226 metres (741 feet). The khajwa town is divided into 20 wards for which elections are held every 5 years.
Demographics
At the 2011 census, Khajwa had a population of 5892. Khjwa is the most populated town in Chhatarpur district.
Schools
Khajwa primary school.
Bunryanpurwa primary school.
Government School Khajwa.
Primary Child School in khajwa (1st to 5th class).
Government school Rajnagar
A high school opening was announced in 2018.
Hospital
Government Hospital Khajwa.
Transport
Bus stop and bus stand
Rajnagar bus stand.
Khajuraho bus stand.
Khajwa chauraha bus stop.
Train
Rajnagar railway station.
Khajuraho railway station.
Airport
Khajuraho airport.
References
Bundelkhand
Chhatarpur
Cities and towns in Chhatarpur district
Stanley A. Enebo (November 6, 1924 – November 1, 2012) was an American politician and electrician.
Enebo was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He went to the Minneapolis public schools and to University of Minnesota. Enebo also went to Dunwoody College of Technology. He graduated from Metropolitan State University with a degree in labor relations. Enebo served in the United States Army during World War II. He was an electrician and was involved with real estate. Enebo served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1959 to 1966 and from 1971 to 1979 when he resigned from the Minnesota Legislature. Enebo was a Democrat. He then served as director of the Minnesota Public Employees Retirement Association. Enebo lived in Florida from 1987 to 2004. He died in Bellingham, Washington.
Notes
1924 births
2012 deaths
Businesspeople from Minneapolis
Politicians from Minneapolis
Military personnel from Minneapolis
Metropolitan State University alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
American electrical engineers
Minnesota Democrats
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
20th-century American businesspeople
United States Army personnel of World War II
Georgy Nikolaevich Rybin (; April 18, 1901 in Zharkent – March 1, 1974 in Leningrad), was a Russian hуdrographer; explorer of the Arctic seas and the Baltic Sea.
Biography
Family and childhood
Georgy Rybin was born into the family of a hereditary Cossack officer. To help his family, which consisted of his parents and a younger sister, he began to work in the research team of the dredging works of the Irtysh river in Omsk during his summers from 1917 to 1919.
Education and service
In 1919 he graduated from the First Omsk Men's gymnasium with a gold medal, and entered the Tomsk Technical Institute. However, the Civil war impeded his studies, and he was called to the White Army of the admiral Kolchak, to the Cossack's hundred-man unit of the 3d army headquarter. In January 1920 Georgy fell ill with Typhus, then with relapsing fever, and stayed under treatment in Korestelovo village (Erbev's volost of Kansky district, Krasnoyarsk Krai).
In May 1920 he was called to the Red Army as an infantryman, in Tiumen. In September 1920 he was detached to Tomsk to continue his studies in the Tomsk Technical Institute, but there were no more vacancies there. So, Rybin had to enter the Tomsk Land-use Technical School.
Survey in Ubekosibir
After the March 1921 trade contract between RSFSR, the United Kingdom, and Norway, the Kara Trade Expedition was organized under personal leadership of V. I. Lenin.
After passing his exams, in summer of 1921 Georgy Rybin entered military service again in the Detached Hydrographic Party of the Ubekosibir (Siberian Department of Navigation Safety). He was a sounding steersman of the HS (hydrographic ship) No.141.
In 1922 Georgy left his studies and began his first officer's post as an interpreter of the 1st Ob pilot distance. Then he was a foreman on different HSs: "Iney" (photo), "Orlik", "Anna", "Priboy", "Toros", "Tsirkul". During this period, he discovered, documented, and photographed the skeleton of Peter Tessem, member of Amundsen's expedition aboard Maud.
In 1925 Rybin was appointed magnetic deviation chief of the Ob basin. In 1927 he passed his exams and received an external degree from the Hydrographic college. In 1928 he passed his exams and received an external degree from the Odessa Navigation College and was qualified as a navigator.
In 1930 Georgy finished the special courses of the commanding staff of the Red Navy at the oldest college in Russia – the Frunze Naval College (hydrographic class). He became the commander of HS (hydrographic ship) "Tsyrkul" at the Yenisei pilot distance of the Ubekosibir.
Service at Baltic
In 1933 the responsibility for navigation safety in the northern seas was transferred to GlavSevMorPut, and Rybin with all the hydrographers was moved to Leningrad. Here he was appointed chief foreman of the Ubekobalt (Baltic Department of the Navigation Safety); then, commander of HS "Ost"; then, HS group chief.
In 1937 Georgy Rybin entered the Navy Academy – the highest Navy school in Russia which trains the staff for Navy headquarters.
War
He graduated in August 1941, when the Wehrmacht was already close to Leningrad. He became the chief of the Mobile hydrographic group; then, in November, the deputy-chief of the Baltic hydrographic service.
Georguy Ivanovich Zima was the chief of the Baltic hydrographic service. According to his son, Zima told to G. Rybin: "Time is difficult, it's impossible to trust to somebody. Only a cossack can trust to a cossack". Zima came from Kuban cossacks, Rybin from Siberian cossacks.
During the siege in 1942 Georgy suffered from dystrophy.
The most important role of the hydrographers during the siege was the coordination of the artillery shooting. It consisted, first of all, of the precise positioning of the Navy batteries: ships, onshore, railway and anti-aircraft. After performing the batteries formulaires, the task was to position the enemy batteries. That task was performed by geodesical intersection of the flashes. One of the intersection points was located on top of the St Isaac Cathedral.
In November 1941 Rybin was awarded a gold Swiss watch for the geodesical insurance of the artillery shooting. The watch can now be seen in the museum of the Head Department of the Navigation and Oceanography.
In 1944, after reconquering Estonia, the Baltic hydrographic service was moved to Tallinn (Kreuzwaldi 13). Rybin and his family (wife and son) lived on the fourth floor of the same building. His daughter was born in 1946. His son studied at the Russian school in Toompea.
The main task of the hydrographic service in 1944-1945 was the fastest putting the reconquered ports and navaids into operation. Thus, George Rybin with the mobile groups of the hydrographers, moved along the Baltic coast to south- west, took part in the East- Prussian operation and Konigsberg assault.
After war
In 1945 the Baltic fleet was divided into 4th fleet, with the main base in Pillau, and 8th fleet, with the main base in Tallinn. Rybin was appointed the Chief of the 4th fleet hydrographic service, and moved to Königsberg. He entered the CPSU. With his family, he lived in a cottage, and used the Horch car with a sailor as a driver.
The main task of the hydrographers in that period was minesweeping.
In 1947 Georgy Rybin moved to Leningrad where he was appointed the professor of geodesy and hydrography at the Naval college named after Frunze - the eldest existing high school in Russia, in former times- one of the most privileged.
Georgy Rybin was the model of a Russian officer - always polite, smart, accurate. He used to start the dance parties with the first tour of waltz.
Memory
Rybin-yaha (1923)- a river, flowing into the Gulf of the Ob, Kara Sea( Mouth 69º01' N 72º31' Е). Rybin was the first person to put the river on the charts (Russian charts 15337, 13335).
Rybin seamount (1999)- a seamount in the Atlantic Ocean (31°47'2N, 12°49'4W), north-west of the Canary Islands, with a minimum depth of 412 meters compared to the surrounding depths of 2800–3600 meters.The relative height of the seamount is 2788 meters.
In 1999, the Commission for Geographical names of the International Hydrographic Organization and the Intergovernmental Oceanographic committee named an underwater mount with the smallest depth of 412 meters and the relative height of 2700 meters after Georgy – Rybin seamount. The mount was discovered in 1979 by the Baltic Oceanographic expedition of the Russian navy.
See also
Russian Hydrographic Service
References
Сергей Владимирович Попов.
Выходные данные:, Архангельск, Северо-Западное книжное издательство, 1990 http://www.polarpost.ru/Library/Popov-avtograph/text-avtograf_na_karte-17.html
↑ Трибуц В.Ф. "Балтийцы сражаются" Воениздат, 1985
http://militera.lib.ru/memo/russian/tributz_vf/index.html
1901 births
1974 deaths
People from Almaty Region
Soviet Cossacks
Soviet hydrographers
Soviet explorers
Explorers of Asia
Explorers of Siberia
Russian and Soviet polar explorers
Wanit Chaisan (, born 25 July 1992) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a striker.
References
External links
Goal.com
Players Profile - info.thscore.com
1992 births
Chaisan, Wanit
Wanit Chaisan
Wanit Chaisan
Chaisan, Wanit
Wanit Chaisan
Wanit Chaisan
Wanit Chaisan
Wanit Chaisan
Wanit Chaisan
Wanit Chaisan
Wanit Chaisan
Smithville is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
The Algatron was a proposed and prototyped waste filtration and recycling system to be implemented on NASA missions. Designed and built by a pair of sanitary engineers at the University of California, Berkeley, William J. Oswald and Clarence Golueke, the Algatron relied on algae to provide carbon Dioxide absorption and oxygen generation as well as "microbiological waste conversion" for "humans sealed within an isolated capsule.". A working model was built by Oswald and Golueke in 1965 or 1966 under a contract by from the Air Force Cambridge Research Laboratories. Composed of two stacked cylinders lined with Algae, the cylinders would spin in opposite directions. With ports to allow sunlight in, nutrients (the waste and urine) were introduced via some overflow mechanism. Despite the promise that the Algatron represented, and the ways in which Oswald and Golueke "understood that the closed environment of the space capsule was itself just the microcosm of the closed system of the earth's biosphere," the technology would never get past the prototype stage. NASA instead decided to go with fecal bags to deal with waste. The Russians developed a similar system, the BIOS-3, which got as far enough as a successful test run with human occupants in 1965.
See also
Assimitron
Biotron (disambiguation)
Eggatron
Phytotron
References
External links
The Algatron at World of Trons
David P.D. Munns, Engineering the Environment: Phytotrons and the Quest to Control Climate in the Cold War (University of Pittsburgh Press, 2017).
Atmospheric chemistry
Environmental science
Anthony Pohlmann was a Hanoverian soldier who served in the armies of the British East India Company and Daulat Scindia.
Life
Pohlmann arrived in India as a sergeant in a Hanoverian regiment serving the East India Company in Madras. He deserted his regiment in 1792 or 1793 and took employment in the army of the Maratha prince Daulat Scindia.
He served under the French mercenary Benoît de Boigne, who promoted him to captain in 1794. By 1795, he was in command of a battalion of infantry, serving alongside the Anglo-Indian military adventurer James Skinner. In early 1799, Pierre Cuillier-Perron – who superseded de Boigne as the overall commander of Scindia's troops – promoted Pohlmann to colonel and gave him command of Scindia's second brigade. Pohlmann was instrumental at defeating the Rajput armies of Jodhpur and Jaipur at the Battle of Malpura. At the Battle of Assaye in 1803, Pohlmann effectively commanded all the regular battalions in the Maratha army, after Scindia and the Rajah of Berar absented themselves before the battle. He re-entered service with the East India Company as a lieutenant colonel in 1804.
Fiction
Anthony Pohlmann is a significant character in Bernard Cornwell's historical novels Sharpe's Triumph and Sharpe's Trafalgar.
References
Military personnel from Hanover
German mercenaries
British East India Company Army officers
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
People of the Second Anglo-Maratha War
Mercenaries in India
18th-century births
19th-century deaths
K (Hondeghem) Battery is a battery of 5th Regiment Royal Artillery in the Royal Artillery. It currently serves in the Surveillance and Target Acquisition role and is equipped with MAMBA, a type of weapon locating radar.
History
K Battery was formed by the East India Company as 2nd Troop Bengal Horse Artillery on 4 August 1809 in Acra, India, with the majority of the other ranks being British. This fact and that the battery were all mounted to ensure greater manoeuvrability, was unusual during this period. During the next 100 years the battery came under command of the Bengal Horse Artillery then the Royal Horse Artillery and is now under command of the Royal Artillery.
In 1939, K Battery was the last Royal Horse Artillery battery to be mechanised.
At outbreak of the Second World War, K Battery was the current Riding Troop at St John's Wood, and the battery joined 5th RHA, serving alongside G Battery, as part of the British Expeditionary Force during the Fall of France, consisting of D, E and F Troops. It was during the retreat to Dunkirk in 1940 with the British Expeditionary Force, that the battery gained its honour title. With the BEF retreating towards the Belgian coast as the German forces streamed through Belgium, the small village of Hondeghem lay on one of the Germans' main lines of advance and it became essential to hold it. However, the only troops available were K Battery and a detachment of one officer and 80 men of the 2nd Searchlight Regiment, Royal Artillery.
The battery was armed with First World War Mark II 18-pounder guns which had been modernised by the fitting of road wheels and pneumatic tyres. Two of the guns of 'F' Troop were situated inside the village and the other two on the outskirts of the village. At about 07:30 on the morning of the 27 May the enemy, in the form of 6th Panzer Division, appeared and were engaged by the two outer guns. These guns destroyed several enemy vehicles and two or three tanks as they approached. An enemy tank closed on gun of J Sub Section firing its machine gun, the number 2 was killed. The tank then fired its main armament and scored a direct hit killing another member of the detachment and wounding Gunner Manning and Troop Sergeant Major Opie. Small arms fire poured into the gun pit wounding Gunner Manning again, but he gallantly insisted on remaining in action. The enemy tank was then engaged by the gun of I Sub Section just before it was destroyed while enemy infantry dashed in and captured the last few men of J Sub Section. Gunner Manning was taken to hospital by the Germans but died later of his injuries.
The battle then surged into the streets of the village, with continuous, violent and sometimes confused street fighting was carried out for the next eight hours. The two remaining guns kept firing throughout at a very reduced range, as the Germans tried to establish machine guns in the upper windows of the houses. Throughout the day, as the battle continued, the guns were constantly being moved to fresh targets firing at 100 yards or fewer, but by 3pm the gun ammunition began running short, so the artillerymen used their rifles to fire at any Germans who showed their heads. Then at 4:15pm it was decided to try to save the last two guns and the survivors of the small force headed towards St Sylvestre, where the village was found to be occupied by the Germans with both infantry and medium tanks. It was now that the troop commander decided that the best course of action was to charge the enemy without delay. So at his command every man shouted at the top of their voice and assaulted the German position. The Germans lost their nerve and ran. After firing what little ammunition they had into the surrounding countryside, the little column resumed its retreat.
The battery had suffered heavy losses, with 'F' Troop alone losing 45 men out of 63. However, they were rewarded with Major Hoare being awarded the D.S.O., Captain Teacher the M.C., Battery Sergeant Major Millard receiving the D.C.M., and Gunner Kavanagh was honoured with the M.M. In addition three men were Mentions-In-Despatches.
After evacuation at Dunkirk the battery was rebuilt, with men from it going to help form CC Battery, as part of the re-organisation of the Royal Artillery, with the battery consisting of D and E/F Troops. It then, served along with G Battery and CC Battery, in 5th RHA, originally sailing to the Middle East as part of 8th Armoured Division, before 5 RHA joined 7th Armoured Division. It served in North Africa, Italy and North West Europe.
See also
British Army
Royal Artillery
Royal Horse Artillery
List of Royal Artillery Batteries
Bengal Horse Artillery Batteries
References
Bibliography
External links
The Royal Artillery Association
Royal Artillery Today
Ubique Collection
Fire Power Museum
Royal Artillery batteries
1809 establishments in British India
Military units and formations established in 1809
Belén Hoyo Juliá (Valencia, Spain, 5 May 1984) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).
Hoyo is married with 2 children, one of whom was born following a Caesarean section.
She holds degrees in Law and Political sciences from the University of Valencia. She served as vice-secretary of Nuevas Generaciones, the PP's youth wing and as General Coordinator of the party in Valencia Province. She also served as Director of youth for the Generalitat Valenciana.
At the 2011 general election, she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia Province. She was the youngest of the 350 deputies elected. For the 2015 general election, she was placed second on the PP list and was re-elected as one of the five PP deputies in Valencia Province.
References
1984 births
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Living people
Members of the 10th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 11th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 12th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
People from Valencia
People's Party (Spain) politicians
University of Valencia alumni
Politicians from the Valencian Community
Women members of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Intercultural Institute of Ayuuk (ISIA) (Instituto Superior Intercultural Ayuuk) is a small Jesuit University in the indigenous region of the Mixe people in Jaltepec de Candayoc, Oaxaca, Southern Mexico. It addresses the desire of the Mixe people to preserve their livelihood and culture amidst contrary global forces. Support for ISIA has come from the other Jesuit universities in Mexico and from foreign benefactors.
Program
Sustainable human development along with defending the right of indigenous peoples to determine their own future are integral to ISIA's mission, as it promotes "the institutionalization of indigenous practices through education."
The degrees offered are in Sustainable Development, Communication, and Intercultural Education. Ayuuk's work in inculturated communication has been successful in "reducing the digital divide." And its work toward sustainable development has received the support of Tierra international which installed solar panels for the school while teaching the technology to students and faculty.
The institute follows the local custom of “collective work”: every student has a job related to the upkeep and development of the school.
See also
List of Jesuit sites
References
Human rights in Mexico
Cultural promotion organizations
Jesuit development centres
Jesuit universities and colleges in Mexico
Educational institutions established in 1992
1992 establishments in Mexico
ASC Yeggo is a football club from Senegal. They are one of the top-flight football clubs. 3,000 capacity Stade de Ngor is used for their home games.
Football clubs in Senegal
Sports clubs in Dakar
Slovakia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Medalists
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Archery
Slovakia qualified one archer for the Rio Games following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships. Marcel Pavlik entered the competition seeded third, and only needed one match to book his place in Rio. He did this by defeating China's Chen Boping. He ended 5th in his Men's individual compound open event. Peter Kinik has also qualified for the Men's individual compound W1 event where he won the bronze medal on 16 September 2016
Track and field (athletics)
The Slovakian track and field team consisted of 2 men. Adrián Matušík ended up 6th in his Discus throw F44 competition. Marián Kureja competed in the Men's club throw – F51 competition where he won the bronze medal on 16 September 2016
Men
Boccia
Slovakia qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport at the Guilford hosted 2015 Boccia European Team And Pairs Championships, London in the BC4 Pair event. They claimed gold ahead of silver medalist Great Britain and bronze medalists Hungary. They won 4 - 3 against Great Britain in the gold medal match, after having lost 2 - 5 to in group play.
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Slovakia qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Equestrian
Katarina Jobbagyova was given a Bipartite Commission Invitation slot to compete in Rio.
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl. Shooters earned spots for their NPC. Slovakia earned a qualifying spot at this event in the R2 – 10m Air Rifle standing women SH1 event as a result of Veronika Vadovicova winning a gold medal.
The last direct qualifying event for Rio in shooting took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning in November. Radoslav Malenovsky earned a qualifying spot for their country at this competition in the R3 Mixed 10m Air Rifle Prone SH1 event.
See also
Slovakia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Slovak sport
A 3D printed firearm is a firearm that is primarily produced with a 3D printer. They can be classified by the type of 3D printers used: plastic (desktop fused filament fabrication), metal (industrial selective laser melting), or both. While plastic ones are usually used as improvised firearms that evade gun control, 3D-printed metal guns are more commonly thought as a way for legitimate gun manufacturers to exceed traditional design limitations.
Although it is possible to create fully-plastic guns, such firearms tend to be extremely short-lived. Instead, it is more practical to print a plastic frame and use metal in the action and the barrel. The metal parts can be self-made or bought in the form of a parts kit.
A related issue is the production of 3D-printed parts for conventional firearms. Printed high-capacity magazines circumvent limits on assault weapons, sears weaken the control on fully automatic firearms, and pistol braces challenge the limit on short-barreled rifles.
History
In 2012, the U.S.-based team Defense Distributed disclosed plans to design a working plastic gun that could be downloaded and reproduced by anybody with a 3D printer. Defense Distributed has also designed a 3D printable AR-15 type rifle lower receiver (capable of lasting more than 650 rounds) and a variety of magazines. In May 2013, Defense Distributed completed design of the first working blueprint to produce a plastic gun with a 3D printer. The United States Department of State demanded removal of the instructions from the Defense Distributed (DEFCAD) website, deeming them a violation of the Arms Export Control Act. In 2015, Defense Distributed founder Cody Wilson sued the United States government on free speech grounds and in 2018 the Department of Justice settled, acknowledging Wilson's right to publish instructions for the production of 3D printed firearms.
The legal actions against Defense Distributed have inspired the creation of more decentralized 3D-printed firearm communities, including Deterrence Dispensed and FOSSCAD, in 2019. Participants of these internet-based communities remain anonymous, and are sometimes based in jurisdictions that ban custom gun production.
In 2013 a Texas company, Solid Concepts, demonstrated a 3D printed version of an M1911 pistol made of metal, using an industrial 3D printer. In 2014, a New Zealand company, Oceania Defence, demonstrated 3D printed titanium suppressors that are 50% lighter than conventional ones.
The Grizzly is a 3D printed .22-caliber rifle created around August 2013. It was created using a Stratasys Dimension 1200es printer. It was created by a Canadian only known by the pseudonym "Matthew" who told The Verge that he was in his late 20s, and his main job was making tools for the construction industry. The original Grizzly fired a single shot before breaking. Grizzly 2.0 fired fourteen bullets before getting damaged due to the strain.
In October 2020, another 3D-printed 9mm rifle known as the "FGC-9" was created. It is reported that it can be made in 2 weeks with $500 of tools. A second model was later made in April 2021.
Effect on gun control
After Defense Distributed released their plans, questions were raised regarding the effects that 3D printing and widespread consumer-level CNC machining may have on gun control effectiveness.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the Joint Regional Intelligence Center released a memo stating "Significant advances in three-dimensional (3D) printing capabilities, availability of free digital 3D printer files for firearms components, and difficulty regulating file sharing may present public safety risks from unqualified gun seekers who obtain or manufacture 3D printed guns," and that "proposed legislation to ban 3D printing of weapons may deter, but cannot completely prevent their production. Even if the practice is prohibited by new legislation, online distribution of these digital files will be as difficult to control as any other illegally traded music, movie or software files."
Internationally, where gun controls are generally tighter than in the United States, some commentators have said the impact may be more strongly felt, as alternative firearms are not as easily obtainable. European officials have noted that producing a 3D printed gun would be illegal under their gun control laws, and that criminals have access to other sources of weapons, but noted that as the technology improved the risks of an effect would increase. Downloads of the plans from the UK, Germany, Spain, and Brazil were heavy.
Attempting to restrict the distribution over the Internet of gun plans has been likened to the futility of preventing the widespread distribution of DeCSS which enabled DVD ripping. After the US government had Defense Distributed take down the plans, they were still widely available via The Pirate Bay and other file sharing sites. Some US legislators have proposed regulations on 3D printers to prevent their use for printing guns. 3D printing advocates have suggested that such regulations would be futile, could cripple the 3D printing industry, and could infringe on free speech rights.
Legal status
Australia
In Australia, the state law of New South Wales criminalizes the possession of the digital plans and files to 3D print firearms under Section 51F of the Firearms Act 1996. In one case in 2015, a loaded 3D printed firearm was found during a police raid on a meth lab.
In another case in February 2017, Sicen Sun was arrested on charges related to 3D printable guns. During trial in December 2017 he pleaded guilty to charges including possessing a digital blueprint for the manufacture of firearms, manufacturing a pistol without a licence permit, and possessing an unauthorised pistol. In a sentence hearing on August 6, 2018, he told the court he initially wanted to replicate a gun from the videogame Halo and when he started searching blueprints online he downloaded plans for other guns which looked "cool." Sun had previously posted an advertisement to the internet to sell one of his imitation weapons for "$1 million negotiable" on a Facebook buy, swap and sell group, which set off the investigation.
Canada
The Canadian Criminal Code makes it a crime for a person to manufacture (or offer to manufacture) any firearm or ammunition knowing that the person is not authorized to do so under Canadian laws or regulations. Authorizations to manufacture can be obtained, for example, as a capability attached to a firearms business license. The Canadian government moreover has stated that "regardless of manufacturing method, a business licence is required to produce a firearm". At least two separate cases during 2020 have led to charges for 3D printing of firearms.
Germany
The Halle synagogue shooting gained particular notoriety for the use of improvised firearms by the perpetrator. One of the firearms he brought along (though did not use) was a hybrid design where the lower receiver was 3D printed, and he also had 3D printed magazines. He also had manufactured several more 3D printed guns that were not brought along. This sparked questions over the legal status of such firearms, though the consensus in most parties represented in the Bundestag was that no additional legislation would be necessary, as the current German gun law explicitly prohibits the unlicensed manufacture of firearms regardless of method.
Italy
3D-printed firearms are subjected to the same laws as typical gunsmithed firearms, only requiring a license, as long as the firearms stay within legal limits. In November 2021, it was reported that in Naples and other areas of Campania, the local Camorra has begun using 3D-printed firearms and ammunition due to ease of access and for selling on to other gangs. This was found out via the discovery of videos and images on a seized IPhone of said firearms.
Japan
In Japan, in May 2014, Yoshitomo Imura was the first person to be arrested for possessing printed guns. Imura had five guns, two of which were capable of being fired, but had no ammunition. Imura had previously posted blueprints and video of his Zig zag revolvers to the Internet, which set off the investigation.
Singapore
The Singaporean government passed a law in January 2021 that made it an offence for anyone in Singapore to possess a digital blueprint of a gun or gun part without a license under the Guns, Explosives and Weapons Control Act.
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, the Firearms Act 1968 bans the manufacturing of guns and gun parts without government approval. Hence, 3D printed weapons are de facto banned because the law bans all manufacturing, regardless of method. However, the Home Office updated its Guide on Firearms Licensing Law to specifically mention the ban on 3D printed weapons.
In June 2019, Tendai Muswere, aged 26, became the first person in the United Kingdom charged with making a gun with a 3D printer. The firearm in question, which he claims was merely a movie-prop for a dystopian film he was working on, was found during a raid following claims he was growing and selling cannabis. Originally in October 2017, he claimed he was only printing gun-like models, however in February 2018, following another raid, it was found his intentions were to make a working firearm based on his browser history and some working gun components found in his house along with homemade gunpowder.
United States
Under the Undetectable Firearms Act any firearm that cannot be detected by a metal detector is illegal to manufacture, so legal designs for firearms such as the Liberator require a metal plate to be inserted into the printed body. The act had a sunset provision to expire December 9, 2013. Senator Charles Schumer proposed renewing the law, and expanding the type of guns that would be prohibited. Proposed renewals and expansions of the current Undetectable Firearms Act (, ) include provisions to criminalize individual production of firearm receivers and magazines that do not include arbitrary amounts of metal, measures outside the scope of the original UFA and not extended to cover commercial manufacture.
On December 3, 2013, the United States House of Representatives passed the bill To extend the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988 for 10 years (H.R. 3626; 113th Congress). The bill extended the Act, but did not change any of the law's provisions.
The subject of 3D printed guns gained such attention that in 2014, Netflix included it in its documentary "Print the Legend", a film about the significance of 3D printing technology.
On August 27, 2018, a United States federal judge blocked the Defense Distributed and its founder, Cody Wilson, from posting 3D-printed gun blueprints online. Judge Lasnik first imposed a temporary restraining order on Wilson, but that was due to expire, so he mandated a preliminary injunction that blocks online distribution in the United States while the legal proceedings are ongoing.
In January 2020, the Trump Administration published a rule change which would remove 3D-printed gun blueprints from the munitions list and transfer administrative authority over them to the Commerce Department, however in March 2020, U.S. District Judge Jones blocked the rule change. In April 2021, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturned that ruling.
See also
3D printing
Gun control
Gun politics in the United States
Improvised firearm
List of 3D printed weapons and parts
References
External links
Official FOSSCAD Library Repository
How 3-D Printed Guns Evolved Into Serious Weapons in Just One Year, Wired, May 2014.
Should We Be Afraid of the 3D Printed Gun?, Popular Mechanics, May 2014.
Polton is a music record label, established in Poland in 1983. It was one of the three (together with Savitor and Arston) better known Polonia-assisted Polish record labels.
In 1990-1991 it was overtaken by Starstream Communications Group and eventually by Warner Music Group (Polton / Warner Music Poland), the latter eventually closed its office in Poland.
References
Polish record labels
Record labels established in 1983
1983 establishments in Poland
State-owned record labels
Thomas Andrew Jackson (March 2, 1829February 15, 1908) was an American farmer and Republican politician. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the southern half of Green County during the 1869 and 1870 sessions.
Early life
Thomas A. Jackson was born in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, in March 1829. He was raised there but received only one year of formal schooling. As the eldest child in his family, he was hired out to neighboring farms from the age of 12 to bring in money for the family. As a young man, he supplemented that income by teaching school in the winters. In 1854, he became involved with the Pennsylvania state militia and was captain of a Fayette County company known as the Falls City Guards.
He moved west to Wisconsin in 1856. He settled first at Beloit, Wisconsin, where he resided for two years. He then moved further west to the town of Spring Grove, Wisconsin, in Green County, where he established a farm. He remained there only briefly though, spending most of 1859, 1860, and 1861 working as a farmer at the "Scotch Settlement" just south of the Illinois border.
Civil War service
At the outbreak of the American Civil War, Jackson joined a volunteer company known as the "Independent Scotch Infantry", but their company was not admitted to the service in the initial rounds of recruitment.
That fall, he and his brother returned to Green County, Wisconsin, where they commenced organizing a company of volunteers in Spring Grove. Their company was originally intended for the 13th Wisconsin Infantry Regiment, but were too late for that organization. They were instead organized into the 18th Wisconsin Infantry Regiment as Company B of that regiment. While the regiment was being organized in Milwaukee, he and his brother were commissioned first lieutenant and captain of their company, respectively.
The 18th Wisconsin Infantry mustered into federal service on March 15, 1862, and arrived at Pittsburg Landing, Tennessee, on April 5. Within 12 hours of arriving at the field, they were engaged in the Battle of Shiloh. The first hours of the battle were erratic and disorganized, with their division falling back through forested terrain. They eventually reformed a line of battle with other regiments of their division and fought for several hours in this position until the enemy had surrounded them on three sides. At that place, the colonel and major of the regiment were both killed and the lieutenant colonel was wounded. About 175 men of the regiment were captured, including Jackson.
Jackson remained a prisoner of war for nearly seven months until paroled in October. On his return to the regiment, he was promoted to captain of the company. He commanded his company through the rest of the war, participating in the Vicksburg campaign, and Sherman's campaigns through Georgia and the Carolinas.
Postbellum career
After returning from the war, Jackson was elected town clerk of Spring Grove in April 1866 and held that office for seven terms. In the Fall of 1868, he was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly running on the Republican Party ticket. He represented Green County's 2nd Assembly district, which then comprised the southern half of the county. He was re-elected in 1869. After his second term, he was appointed to the State Visiting Committee by the governor, but mostly retired to his farm.
In the late 1870s, he began operating as an underwriter for a fire insurance company in Iowa. He relocated full time to Black Hawk County, Iowa, in 1897.
He died after suffering two strokes on the morning of February 12, 1908.
Personal life and family
Thomas Jackson was the eldest of eleven children of Elijah Jackson, a stone and brick mason. His brother Charles H. Jackson, who served with him in the Union Army, rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Jackson married Mary Ann Morris of Fayette County, Pennsylvania, in 1854. They had nine children together. His wife and six children survived him.
Electoral history
Wisconsin Assembly (1868, 1869)
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, November 3, 1868
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, November 2, 1869
References
External links
1829 births
1908 deaths
People from Fayette County, Pennsylvania
People from Brodhead, Wisconsin
People from Black Hawk County, Iowa
Wisconsin Republicans
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
People of Wisconsin in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
19th-century American politicians
Mercantile Trust and Deposit Company is a historic bank building in Baltimore, designed by the Baltimore architectural firm of Wyatt and Sperry and constructed in 1885. It has a brick-with-stone-ornamentation Romanesque Revival structure, with deeply set windows, round-arch window openings, squat columns with foliated capitals, steeply pitched broad plane roofs, and straight-topped window groups. The interior features a large banking room with a balcony, Corinthian columns and ornate wall plaster work.
The Safe Deposit Company on Redwood Street in Baltimore was one of the few buildings that survived the Great Baltimore Fire of 1904. It was "created as a repository of Southern wealth in 1864" This date was not only "one year before the start of the Civil War but one year after the National Bank Act of 1863".
Coincidentally, the March 10, 1864 grant of the state charter for the Safe Deposit was on the same day that newspapers reported General Sherman's arrival in Vicksburg, MS at the end of the Vicksburg Campaign.
The Safe Deposit Building was finished in 1886, was "red brick with light red firestone trim". Around the turn of the century, the Safe Deposit Company boasted about the security of their vaults. Safe Deposit touted its "Great Vault," whose three fireproof outer doors and two burglar-proof inner ones sat in walls of steel and iron, surrounded by a foot of concrete and 2 feet of brick, according to a company history. Along the street, there were "spy steps" which enabled roving late 19th century policemen to peer into the windows. These "spy steps" provided in the center of the south part of the west wall, and on each side of the doorway are about three feet from the ground. They are a protruding stone step, and at shoulder height is a bronze ring. This was intended to assist a policeman to look in the windows. The "brass ring at shoulder level was used to balance them on the step. The steps are still jutting out into the sidewalk on both the Calvert and Redwood street sides of the Safe Deposit building. However, metal rings are only on one of the Calvert "spy steps" and on the right-hand side of the Redwood Street main entrance.
The February 1904 fire that devastated downtown Baltimore left the Safe Deposit Building still standing. It did, however, sustain some damage when bricks from an adjacent building "fell through the skylight and set fire to the interior". The structural iron in the roof and basement helped to preserve the structure. The exterior and safe deposit boxes survived, but the interior had to be rebuilt.
Mercantile Trust and Deposit Company was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Previously the home of Club Dubai, the building was purchased by Modern Globe LLC for $1.25 million in May 2012 for use by the Chesapeake Shakespeare Company. After improvements estimated to cost about $6 million, there are plans to open the Mercantile building as a new venue for the Chesapeake Shakespeare Company in 2014. Plans call for a thrust stage, surrounded on three sides by two mezzanine levels.
References
External links
, including photo from 1982, at Maryland Historical Trust
Buildings and structures in Baltimore
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Downtown Baltimore
Government buildings completed in 1885
1885 establishments in Maryland
Baltimore City Landmarks
Death of the Virgin is a 1460–65 painting by Petrus Christus.
References
1460s paintings
Paintings by Petrus Christus
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Paintings of people
Wuhan Greenland Center is a tall skyscraper in Wuhan, China. The tower was originally planned to be but It was redesigned mid-construction due to airspace regulations so its height does not exceed above sea level. Another Chinese building, Ping An Finance Center, was also scaled down for similar reasons.
The building was designed by Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architects in conjunction with Thornton Tomasetti Engineers won the design competition to build the tower for Greenland Group, a real estate developer owned by the Shanghai city government. Construction started in 2012 and had been put on-hold numerous times following the redesign in mid-2017 ranging from financial problems, to the Covid-19 Pandemic. The building finally topped-out in late 2020 and was completed in 2022. The Wuhan Greenland Center is Central China's tallest building and cost 4.5 billion dollars, mostly due to the number of times it had been put on-hold.
Original Design
The original plan for the building was to have it rise , surpassing the Shanghai Tower by only and the Tokyo Skytree by , making it the second tallest man-made structure in the world. When the Wuhan Greenland Center reached its 96th floor, construction was halted due to airspace restrictions which led to its subsequent redesign to a building instead of a building. The Wuhan Greenland Center is currently the 14th tallest building in the world.
Floor Directory (Current Design)
Timeline
8 December 2010: Ceremony for construction held.
1 July 2011: Overall construction started.
28 June 2012: Started building underground reinforcement structure.
12 September 2012: Started digging the base.
26 June 2013: Base completed.
4 January 2014: First steel beams installed.
28 July 2014: Basement finished, above-ground construction started.
30 December 2015: The building reached above ground.
April 2016: The building reached above ground and cladding has become visible.
June 2016: The building reached above ground.
27 December 2016: The building reached above ground.
Mid 2017: Construction stalled at 97 floors and the subsequent redesign of the building
Late 2020: Wuhan Greenland Center tops out
Mid 2022: Wuhan Greenland Center is completed
Construction Gallery
See Also
Shanghai Tower
Goldin Finance 117
Banning Shenyang Global Financial Center
List of the tallest buildings in China
List of the tallest buildings in the world
References
Buildings and structures under construction in China
Skyscraper office buildings in Wuhan
2019 in China
Skyscraper hotels in Wuhan
Skyscrapers in Wuhan
Michelle Downer (born 1 April 1978), commonly known as D'Angel, is a Jamaican reggae singer, actress, model, and brand ambassador. She has also given motivational speeches. In 2017 she released No Worries with Spice. The Gleaner calls her the First Lady of dancehall.
Biography
Born in Spanish Town, Jamaica, Downer sang in high school, modeled internationally in the 1990s, and returned home to Jamaica in 2002. D'Angel has an associate degree in Accounting and Management. She considers 2004 and 2005 to be her "breakout years," according to The Gleaner.
D'Angel had a celebrity marriage to singer, Beenie Man, in 2006 and they recorded the single One Man together. D'Angel and Beenie Man had a son together and split up in 2010, later reunited in 2011. They later divorced.
In 2013, D'Angel was banned for 5 years from performing at Sting by Isaiah Laing of Supreme Promotions. The reason for the ban was due to her impromptu performance of a "lyrical battle" with Ninja Man at Sting 30 that Laing considered "raunchy." She was also criticized for her choice of clothing at the event by Billboard, which described her outfit as "provocative" and "revealing."
In 2017, she went on tour in the United States with the theme of "We Can Survive" and addressing violence and crime through her song of the same name.
She was a performer at the 27th IRAWMA Awards in New York and a nominee for Best Female Deejay. She was honored as Singjay of 2008 at the 2009 EME Awards, and was a performer and presenter at the 28th IRAWMA Awards in New York where she was nominated for Best Female Deejay. She won Digicel's People's Choice Award at the Style Observer Awards 2008. In 2017, she won the award for "Female Artiste of the Year" from the Entertainment Distinction Awards. She twice performed at Reggae Sumfest, Jamaica's largest reggae festival. The Gleaner praised her 2016 performance at "Galiday Bounce" in Ewarton.
Her song Stronger reached the top of Jamaica's music video charts. In 2017 she recorded the song "Whipped", a response to Dexta Daps' song Owner.
She has recorded with Jabari C.G. Productions LLC, Majestic Records, and Sweet Rains Records.
Discography
One
Broad Smile
El Pirata y la Sirena
References
Jamaican reggae singers
Jamaican dancehall musicians
People from Spanish Town
Jamaican models
The New James is a studio album by American trumpeter Harry James with The Harry James Orchestra. The album was recorded April 1–3, 1958 and released by Capitol Records on stereo LP (ST-1037), mono LP (T-1037), and a series of three EPs (EAP 1-1037, EAP 2-1037 and EAP 3-1037).
After coasting through the mid-1950s, James made a complete reevaluation of where he was heading in his musical career. Count Basie provided the impetus by making a significant comeback with his newly formed "16 Men Swinging" band, and James wanted a band with a decided Basie flavor. This album is the second of several released on Capitol representative of the Basie style that James adopted during this period, with some of the arrangements provided by former Basie saxophonist and arranger Ernie Wilkins, whom James hired for his own band.
Track listing
Personnel
Leader, Trumpet – Harry James
Saxophone – Willie Smith, Ernest Small, Herb Lorden, Bob Poland, Sam Firmature
Trumpet – Robert (Bob) Rolfe, Nick Buono, Ollie Mitchell
Trombone – Robert (Bob) Edmondson, Ernie Tack, Ray Sims
Piano – Jack Perciful
Guitar – Dennis Budimir
Bass – Russ Phillips
Drums - Jackie Mills
References
Jazz albums by American artists
1958 albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums arranged by Ernie Wilkins
Big band albums
August Johannes Dorner (13 May 1846 in Schiltach, Württemberg – 17 April 1920 in Hannover) was a German Protestant theologian. He was the son of Isaak August Dorner.
Biography
After studying at Göttingen, Tübingen and Berlin, he served as vicar to the German congregation in Lyon and Marseilles. From 1870 to 1873 he was a lecturer at the University of Göttingen, then worked as a professor of theology and as co-director of the theological seminary at Wittenberg (1874-1889). In 1889 he was appointed professor of systematic theology at the University of Königsberg.
Published works
Amongst his works is Augustinus : sein theologisches System und seine religionsphilosoph Anschauung ("Augustinus, his theological system and its religious-philosophical viewpoint", 1873). His other principal writings include:
Das menschliche Handeln : philosophische Ethik, 1895 – Human action: philosophical ethics.
Die Entstehung der christlichen Glaubenslehren, 1906 – The emergence of Christian doctrines.
Individuelle und soziale Ethik, 1906 – Individual and social ethics.
Pessimismus, Nietzsche und naturalismus, mit besonderer beziehung auf die religion, 1911 – Pessimism; Nietzsche and naturalism with a special reference to religion.
Die Metaphysik des Christentums, 1913 – The metaphysics of Christianity.
Also, he was the author of the article on Isaak Dorner in the Allgemeine deutsche Biographie.
Legacy
Dorner is commemorated in the naming of the August-Dorner-Ring in Lantershofen, Grafschaft.
References
1846 births
1920 deaths
19th-century German Protestant theologians
20th-century German Protestant theologians
People from Rottweil (district)
University of Königsberg faculty
German male non-fiction writers
19th-century male writers
Pietro Avogadro (died c. 1730) was an Italian painter of the Rococo period. He was born in Brescia and trained with Pompeo Ghiti. He is mentioned by the biographer Luigi Lanzi. Among his works are a Martyrdom of Saints Crispin for the church of San Giuseppe in Brescia. He is also sometimes referred to as Bresciano Avogadro.
References
1730 deaths
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Brescia
Italian Baroque painters
Year of birth unknown
Life Academy of Health and Bioscience, is an urban public high school located in Oakland, California.
References
High schools in Oakland, California
Public high schools in California
Small schools movement
2001 establishments in California
Oakland Unified School District
Educational institutions established in 2001
The Meath Echo is a newspaper that was created in 2004 when three local papers in County Meath joined forces: The Ratoath News, The Local Echo, and The Ashbourne And District Eagle.
Speaking to Sunday Business Post, the editor of Irish Village Papers Joe Doyle said: The merging of the three titles will enable us to produce our very popular newspapers more often. Like larger national newspapers, The Meath Echo will only concentrate on local issues and local sports.
Content
Local News for Ashbourne, Ratoath, Navan, Kells, Trim, Slane, Dunboyne and more
Sports News for Meath
Things to do in County Meath
Advertisement for local shops
Recruitment for County Meath
Property Section
What's new in Motors
Weekly polls on Current Topics
The Meath Echo Entertainment Section contained:
Free Event Listing for County Meath
Cinema movie reviews
Latest DVD reviews
Retro review competition - review of an all-time classic film e.g. Buffalo 66, The Big Lebowski - Submitted by readers
Competitions
See also
Ashbourne, County Meath
Ratoath
Dunboyne
References
Newspapers published in the Republic of Ireland
Mass media in County Meath
Newspapers established in 2004
Publications disestablished in 2011
Imma flammula is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Alexey Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in Nepal.
The wingspan is 13–16 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous, very gradually becoming darker towards the costa. The costa has a triangular spot just before the middle, gently rounded, the base slightly extended anterad along the costal edge, pale yellow, dusted with orange. There is a larger, pale yellow inverted-cardiform transverse patch below and slightly beyond this. The tip and base suffused with orange, the tip rather pointed, reaching two-thirds across the disc, the base with a slender premedian notch. The basal part of the wing has five brightly orange spots and there is a longitudinal streak along the basal fifth, from beyond the base, half-way between the costa and the fold. Another, more slender streak is found along the fold and the second fifth of the wing length. An oval spot is found beyond and slightly below the upper streak and there is a round spot obliquely below the second streak, above the dorsum. An outwards-curved, broader obliquely transverse streak runs from the fold beyond the base to one-fourth of the dorsum. The terminal part of the wing has a strongly curved transverse series of some ten horizontal orange, almost interconnected marks, more or less slenderly pointed anteriorly, irregularly suffused posteriorly. A paler orange oval longitudinal spot is found before and adjacent to this row above its middle. The hindwings are lighter fuscous with a ferruginous tinge and a pale yellow discal spot.
References
Moths described in 1978
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Krzemień Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Goran Ivanišević and Marc Rosset were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde won the title, defeating John Fitzgerald and Laurie Warder 6–4, 7–5 in the final.
Seeds
Todd Woodbridge / Mark Woodforde (champions)
John Fitzgerald / Laurie Warder (final)
David Adams / Jonathan Stark (first round)
Mike Briggs / Trevor Kronemann (quarterfinals)
Draw
Draw
References
Draw
Doubles
Johan Steyn may refer to:
Johan Steyn, Baron Steyn (1932–2017), South African / British jurist
Johan Steyn (rugby union) (born 1995), South African rugby union player
PlateSpin is a software suite of Micro Focus International. Originally a standalone software company headquartered in Toronto, Canada, registered in Delaware, US as Platespin Inc. and founded by Robert Reive in 1999 with co-founders added later David Richards, Bruno Baloi and M. Verdun. Intel corp. via the Intel64fund was a key investor, along with 4Quarters Capital, Castlehill Ventures(Barry Laver) and AltaMira, the latter three all of Toronto, Canada. The original product for which the patent was filed was the Platespin Operations Center, the first usable VM provisioning tool for low-cost deployment of servers in their VMs to Vmware ESX and GSX on 64bit processors. Platespin Operations Centre was designed to reduce operations cost and more efficiently use the resources of large servers, as well as deal with routine security patches to software servers and their OS efficiently. Today Platespin is a NetIQ suite of software that helps manage physical and virtualized server workloads on VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V, KVM, Citrix XenServer, Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure.
History
After the 9/11 financial meltdown, PlateSpin's immediate market opportunity shrank rapidly, as most large early customer Opportunity IT budgets were frozen, and as a result the team was disbanded by their major interests in Feb, 2003 and placed in receivership. The first company did win some awards such as a 2003 award from Giga Research as "Most promising new technology in a new category: Software Server Provisioning".
Later re-formed by Stephen Pollack in March, 2003 from a Receivership as an Ontario, Canada ltd. numbered company with the same PlateSpin name. A few key members of the original software development, packaging and business development team were rehired to refocus previously created PlateSpin's product line value on a narrower market focus, the converting of physical servers to virtual servers for VMware under the PowerP2V and later the PowerConvert label.
The new PlateSpin created two additional products -- PlateSpin PowerRecon to statistically analyze the data center to help prepare for consolidation and PlateSpin Forge, a disaster recovery solution. The re-worked company rapidly grow from $0 to $25M in five years through PlateSpin's reseller/integrator channel networks.
Over the 5 years of the new PlateSpin, the company reached the milestone of over 10,000 customers worldwide and had reached global headcount of about 225 employees.
On February 25, 2008, Novell announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire PlateSpin Ltd. for 205 million USD. On March 31, 2008, Novell announced that it had completed the acquisition of PlateSpin, which would "become part of the Novell Systems and Resource Management business unit and continue to develop and market its solutions to a global customer base."
On May 18, 2011, Attachmate announced that they had transferred the PlateSpin products from their Novell business unit to their NetIQ business unit.
In November of 2014, Attachmate completed a merger with Micro Focus International (LON: MCRO), a global enterprise infrastructure software company headquartered in Newbury, United Kingdom. As part of its continued operations streamlining, Micro Focus closed the Toronto, Canada office of PlateSpin and moved all remaining North American operations to the United States.
Products
PlateSpin solutions manage physical and virtualized server workloads on VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V, KVM or Citrix XenServer.
PlateSpin Recon (formerly PowerRecon) enables system administrators to inventory their physical and virtual servers, and catalog resources like CPU type, amount of RAM, disk storage, etc. PlateSpin Recon can also monitor the utilization of these resources over time, and create "profiles" that can be used to facilitate server consolidation initiatives.
Support has ended
PlateSpin Migrate (formerly PowerConvert) allows system administrators to migrate workloads between physical and virtual servers in order to match workload to the machine best suited for the job. Support will be discontinued end of September 2021
PlateSpin Protect (formerly PowerConvert) allows system administrators to protect physical and virtual workloads by creating and maintaining virtual machine copies for disaster recovery and business continuity purposes. Discontinued - Support ended August 2019
PlateSpin Forge is a hardware appliance that allows system administrators to protect physical and virtual workloads by leveraging embedded virtualization. PlateSpin Forge includes all of the software, hardware, and storage needed to deploy a simple disaster recovery solution. Discontinued - Support ended August 2019
PlateSpin Transformation Manager helps enterprises, service providers, and systems integrators plan and track large-scale data center transformation projects across physical, virtual, and cloud infrastructures. Support will be discontinued end of June 2022
References
External links
NetIQ's website
Micro Focus' website
Micro Focus Product Lifecycle
Companies established in 2003
Virtualization software
Lew Nichols III (born c. 2001) is an American football running back for the Central Michigan Chippewas. During the 2021 regular season, he led the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision with 1,710 rushing yards.
Early years
Nichols attended Cass Technical High School in Detroit. He played football under Cass Tech head coach Thomas Wilcher. As a senior in 2018, Nichols rushed for 1,078 yards and 23 touchdowns on 84 carries. He was named to all-state teams selected by the Detroit Free Press, The Detroit News, and the Associated Press.
Central Michigan
During the 2019 season, Nichols appeared in four games for Central Michigan, carrying 19 times for 89 yards. As a redshirt freshman during the COVID 19-shortened 2020 season, Nichols rushed for 196 yards and two fourth-quarter touchdowns in a 31–23 victory over rival Eastern Michigan. For the season, he rushed for 508 yards on 78 carries, an average of 6.5 yards per carry. He won the MAC freshman of the year award.
Due to special eligibility rules enacted for the 2020 season, Nichols repeated as a redshirt freshman in 2021. He led all players in NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) with 1,710 rushing yards during the 2021 regular season. He also led the nation with 311 carries. His He had nine 100-yard rushing games in 2021, including totals of 219 yards against Ball State, 215 yards against Kent State, 194 yards against Eastern Michigan, 192 yards against Northern Illinois, and 186 yards against Ohio. His 1,710 yards was the second highest single-season total in Central Michigan history (behind Brian Pruitt's 1,890 yards in 1994).
After the 2021 season ended, Nichols was named the Mid-American Conference Offensive Player of the Year. Despite leading the nation in rushing, Nichols was not selected as a semifinalist for the Doak Walker Award.
References
External links
Central Michigan bio
2001 births
Living people
Players of American football from Detroit
American football running backs
Central Michigan Chippewas football players
Jan de Visser (born 1 January 1968 in the Netherlands) is a Dutch retired footballer.
Honours
Feyenoord
Johan Cruyff Shield: 1999
References
Dutch footballers
Association football wingers
Association football midfielders
AZ Alkmaar players
SC Heerenveen players
Feyenoord players
UEFA Cup winning players
Living people
1968 births
Roger Barows (Japanese: ロジャーバローズ, foaled 24 January 2016) is a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse. He showed some promise as a juvenile in 2018 when he won on his debut and ran second in his only other race. In the following spring he won a minor event in January and finished second in the Kyoto Shimbun Hai before recording an upset victory in the Tokyo Yushun. His racing career was ended by injury in August.
Background
Roger Barows is a bay colt with a white blaze bred in Japan by the Tobino Farm. As a foal in 2016 he was consigned to the Select Sale and was bought for ¥84,240,000 by Hirotsugu Inokuma. The colt was sent into training with Katsuhiko Sumii.
He was from the ninth crop of foals sired by Deep Impact, who was the Japanese Horse of the Year in 2005 and 2006, winning races including the Tokyo Yushun, Tenno Sho, Arima Kinen and Japan Cup. Deep Impact's other progeny include Gentildonna, Harp Star, Kizuna, A Shin Hikari, Marialite and Saxon Warrior. Roger Barows' dam Little Book was bred in the United Kingdom and showed very little racing ability in her home country, recording one third place in ten starts before being sold for 230,000 guineas in 2012 and being exported to Japan. She was a half sister to Donna Blini, the dam of Gentildonna.
Racing career
2018: two-year-old season
Roger Barows began his racing career on 18 August in a contest for previously unraced two-year-olds over 2000 metres at Niigata Racecourse and won from Point of Honor. On his only other start of the year he finished second to Admire Justa in a minor race over the same distance at Kyoto Racecourse on 14 October.
2019: three-year-old season
On his three-year-old debut Roger Barows ran in the Fukujuso Tokubetsu over 2000 metres at Kyoto and won from Hagino Upload and four others. He was then stepped up in class for the Grade 2 Spring Stakes (a major trial race for the Satsuki Sho) at Nakayama Racecourse in which he started the 4.1/1 second favourite. Ridden by Yuga Kawada he came home seventh of the sixteen runners, beaten three lengths by the winner Emeral Flight. Suguru Hamanaka took the mount when the colt started second favourite for the Kyoto Shimbun Hai over 2200 metres on 4 May. He took the lead from the start and maintained his advantage until the final strides when he was overtaken and beaten a neck by the 34/1 outsider Red Genial.
On 26 May, with Hamanaka again in the saddle, Roger Barows was made a 92/1 outsider for the 86th running of the Tokyo Yushun over 2400 metres on firm ground at Tokyo Racecourse. His stablemate Saturnalia started odds-on favourite while the other sixteen runners his old rivals included Admire Justa, Emeral Flight and Red Genial as well as Velox (runner-up in the Satsuki Sho), Danon Kingly, Lion Lion (Aoba Sho), Courageux Guerrier (Kyoto Nisai Stakes) Meisho Tengen (Yayoi Sho) and Nishino Daisy (Tokyo Sports Hai Nisai Stakes). In front of a 110,000 crowd Lion Lion started quickly and set a very fast pace, opening up a clear lead from Roger Barows who was in turn clear of the rest for most of the way. When Lion Lion faltered in the straight, Roger Barows went to the front just inside the last 400 metres and held off the persistent challenge of Danon Kingly to win by a neck with two and a half lengths back to Velox in third place. The winning time of 2:22.6 was a new record for the race. Hamanaka commented "The colt is a stayer with much stamina so he held on strongly even after the uphill climb and ran persistently all the way to the end." He went on to pay tribute to his late grandfather who had introduced him to the sport saying "Without him, I would not have liked horse racing or become a jockey.I could not show him my victory in the Derby, but I did make his dream come true today."
On 6 August Katsuhiko Sumii announced that Roger Barows had been retired from racing after the colt was found to be suffering from a bowed tendon.
In January 2020, at the JRA Awards for 2019, Roger Barows finished fourth in the poll to determine the Best Three-Year-Old Colt.
Stud record
A month later it was announced that Roger Barows would begin his career as a breeding stallion at the Arrow Stud near Shinhidaka, Hokkaido.
Pedigree
Roger Barows is inbred 4 × 4 to Lyphard, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the fourth generation of his pedigree.
References
2016 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Japan
Racehorses trained in Japan
Thoroughbred family 16-f
Northern Moor is a tram stop for Phase 3b of the Manchester Metrolink. It opened on 3 November 2014. and is on the Airport Line on Sale Road. The tram stop is on the Northern Moor / Sale Moor border.
Services
Trams run every 10 minutes between 06:00-19:00 north to Victoria and south to Manchester Airport. Between 19:00 and 23:59, a service operates between Deansgate-Castlefield and Manchester Airport every 20 minutes.
Ticket zones
Northern Moor is located in Metrolink ticket zone 3.
Facilities
The tram stop has two ticket machines, one on each platform. There are eight seats on the platform, a bike rack on the Airport direction platform, but no parking is available.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Northern Moor area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2014
2014 establishments in England
Gavin Cowan (born 18 January 1987) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 2000s. He played at representative level for Scotland at the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, and at club level for Wests Tigers (reserve grade), as a or .
Background
Gavin Cowan was born in Australia, he has Scottish ancestors, and eligible to play for Scotland due to the grandparent rule.
Playing career
Cowan is a Scotland international player. He was named in the Scotland squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. At the time, he was contracted to the Wests Tigers in Australia.
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) RLWC08 profile
(archived by web.archive.org) Scotland profile
1987 births
Australian people of Scottish descent
Living people
Rugby league centres
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league wingers
Scotland national rugby league team players
In mathematical analysis, epi-convergence is a type of convergence for real-valued and extended real-valued functions.
Epi-convergence is important because it is the appropriate notion of convergence with which to approximate minimization problems in the field of mathematical optimization. The symmetric notion of hypo-convergence is appropriate for maximization problems. Mosco convergence is a generalization of epi-convergence to infinite dimensional spaces.
Definition
Let be a metric space, and a real-valued function for each natural number . We say that the sequence epi-converges to a function if for each
Extended real-valued extension
The following extension allows epi-convergence to be applied to a sequence of functions with non-constant domain.
Denote by the extended real numbers. Let be a function for each . The sequence epi-converges to if for each
In fact, epi-convergence coincides with the -convergence in first countable spaces.
Hypo-convergence
Epi-convergence is the appropriate topology with which to approximate minimization problems. For maximization problems one uses the symmetric notion of hypo-convergence. hypo-converges to if
and
Relationship to minimization problems
Assume we have a difficult minimization problem
where and . We can attempt to approximate this problem by a sequence of easier problems
for functions and sets .
Epi-convergence provides an answer to the question: In what sense should the approximations converge to the original problem in order to guarantee that approximate solutions converge to a solution of the original?
We can embed these optimization problems into the epi-convergence framework by defining extended real-valued functions
So that the problems and are equivalent to the original and approximate problems, respectively.
If epi-converges to , then . Furthermore, if is a limit point of minimizers of , then is a minimizer of . In this sense,
Epi-convergence is the weakest notion of convergence for which this result holds.
Properties
epi-converges to if and only if hypo-converges to .
epi-converges to if and only if converges to as sets, in the Painlevé–Kuratowski sense of set convergence. Here, is the epigraph of the function .
If epi-converges to , then is lower semi-continuous.
If is convex for each and epi-converges to , then is convex.
If and both and epi-converge to , then epi-converges to .
If converges uniformly to on each compact set of and are continuous, then epi-converges and hypo-converges to .
In general, epi-convergence neither implies nor is implied by pointwise convergence. Additional assumptions can be placed on an pointwise convergent family of functions to guarantee epi-convergence.
References
R. Tyrrell Rockafellar and Roger Wets, Variational Analysis. Chapter 7 ; Vol. 317. Springer Science & Business Media, 2009.
Peter Kall, Approximation to optimization problems: An elementary review; Mathematics of Operations Research 19, pp. 9–18 (1986)
Hedy Attouch and Roger Wets, Epigraphical analysis; Annales de l'IHP Analyse non linéaire Vol. 6. 1989.
Mathematical series
Topology of function spaces
Convergence (mathematics)
Orbit@home was a BOINC-based volunteer computing project of the Planetary Science Institute. It uses the "Orbit Reconstruction, Simulation and Analysis" framework to optimize the search strategies that are used to find near-Earth objects.
On March 4, 2008, Orbit@home completed the installation of its new server and officially opened to new members. On April 11, Orbit@home launched a Windows version of their client. On February 16, 2013, the project was halted due to lack of grant funding. However, on July 23, 2013, the Orbit@home project was selected for funding by NASA's Near Earth Object Observation program. It was announced that Orbit@home is to resume operations sometime in 2014 or 2015. As of July 13, 2018, Orbit@home is offline according to its website, and the upgrade announcement has been removed.
See also
List of volunteer computing projects
References
External links
Science in society
Free science software
Volunteer computing projects
Near-Earth object tracking
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1509.
Events
unknown dates
Alexander Barclay's The Shyp of Folys of the Worlde and Henry Watson's The Shyppe of Fooles appear. Both are English verse translations ultimately deriving from Sebastian Brant's satire Das Narrenschiff (1494).
Desiderius Erasmus writes The Praise of Folly while staying with Thomas More in England.
The early 14th-century verse romance Richard Coer de Lyon is first published, by Wynkyn de Worde in England.
New books
Prose
Desiderius Erasmus – Stultitiae Laus (The Praise of Folly)
Fortunatus (published in Augsburg)
Francesco Guicciardini – Storie fiorentine (History of Florence)
Manjarasa – Samyukta Koumudi
Luca Pacioli – De divina proportione (illustrations by Leonardo da Vinci)
John Stanbridge – Vulgaria
Drama
Ludovico Ariosto – I suppositi
Poetry
Stephen Hawes
Births
April 25 – Thomas Vaux, English court poet (died 1556)
July 10 – John Calvin, French Protestant religious leader and writer (died 1564)
August 3 – Étienne Dolet, French humanist writer and printer (executed 1546)
unknown dates
Kanaka Dasa, Indian Kannada poet, philosopher, musician and composer from Karnataka (died 1609)
William Turner, English ornithologist and cleric (died 1568)
Deaths
June 28 – John Filipec, Bohemian royal advisor and later monk, proprietor of a printing press (born 1431)
unknown date
Aliénor de Poitiers, Burgundian courtier and writer (born c.1444)
Juraj Šižgorić, Croatian poet writing in Latin (born c. 1440/1445)
References
1509
1509 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
The 1977 Constitution of the Soviet Union, officially the Constitution (Fundamental Law) of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, was the constitution of the Soviet Union adopted on 7 October 1977.
The 1977 Constitution, also known as the Brezhnev Constitution or the constitution of the developed Socialism, was the third and final constitution of the Soviet Union, adopted unanimously at the 7th (Special) Session of the Ninth Convocation of the Supreme Soviet and signed by Chairman of the Presidium Leonid Brezhnev. The 1977 Constitution replaced the 1936 Constitution and the Soviet public holiday of USSR Constitution Day was shifted from 5 December to 7 October. October 7 - USSR Constitution Day was a holiday and not a working day.
The 1977 Constitution's preamble stated that "the aims of the dictatorship of the proletariat having been fulfilled, the Soviet state has become the state of the whole people" and no longer represented the workers and peasants alone. The 1977 Constitution extended the scope of the constitutional regulation of society compared to the 1924 and 1936 constitutions. The first chapter defined the leading role of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) and established the organizational principles for the state and the government. Article 1 defines the USSR as a socialist state, as did all previous constitutions:
The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics is a socialist state of the whole people, expressing the will and interests of the workers, peasants, and intelligentsia, the working people of all the nations and nationalities of the country.
The 1977 Constitution was long and detailed, including twenty-eight more articles than the 1936 Soviet Constitution and explicitly defined the division of responsibilities between the Central Government in Moscow and the governments of the republics. Later chapters established principles for economic management and cultural relations. The 1977 Constitution included Article 72, which granting the official right of constituent republics to secede from the Soviet Union promised in previous constitutions. However, Articles 74 and 75 stated that when a Soviet constituency introduced laws in contradiction to Supreme Soviet, the laws of the Supreme Soviet would supersede any legal difference, but the Union law which regulated the secession was not provided until the last days of the Soviet Union.
Article 74. The laws of the USSR shall have the same force in all Union Republics. In the event of a discrepancy between a Union Republic law and an All-Union law, the law of the USSR shall prevail.
Article 75. The territory of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics is a single entity and comprises the territories of the Union Republics. The sovereignty of the USSR extends throughout its territory.
The 1977 Constitution was repealed upon the dissolution of the Soviet Union on 21 December 1991 and the post-Soviet states adopted new constitutions. Article 72 would play an important role in the dissolution despite the lacuna in the Soviet law, which was eventually filled under the pressure from the Republics in 1990.
Amendment process
Adoption of the Constitution was a legislative act of the Supreme Soviet. Amendments to the Constitution were likewise adopted by legislative act of that body. Amendments required the approval of a two-thirds majority of the deputies of the Congress of People's Deputies and could be initiated by the congress itself; the Supreme Soviet, acting through its commissions and committees; the Presidium or chairman of the Supreme Soviet; the Constitutional Oversight Committee; the Council of Ministers; republic soviets; the Committee of People's Control; the Supreme Court; the Procuracy; and the chief state arbiter. In addition, the governing bodies of official organizations and even the Academy of Sciences could initiate amendments and other legislation.
Soviet constitutions were frequently amended and had been changed more often than the constitutions of most Western countries. Nevertheless, the 1977 Constitution attempted to avoid frequent amendment by establishing regulations for government bodies (especially the lists of ministries, state commissions, and other bodies in the 1936 constitution) in separate, but equally authoritative, enabling legislation, such as the Law on the Council of Ministers of 5 July 1978. Other enabling legislation has included a law on citizenship, a law on elections to the Supreme Soviet, a law on the status of Supreme Soviet deputies, regulations for the Supreme Soviet, a resolution on commissions, regulations on local government, and laws on the Supreme Court and the Procuracy. The enabling legislation provided the specific and changing operating rules for these government bodies.
Amendments to the 1977 Constitution
In October 1988, draft amendments and additions to the 1977 Constitution were published in the Soviet media for public discussion. Following the public review process, the Supreme Soviet adopted the amendments and additions in December 1988. The amendments and additions substantially and fundamentally changed the electoral and political systems. Although Soviet officials touted the changes as a return to "Leninist" forms and functions, citing that the Congress of People's Deputies had antecedents in the Congress of Soviets, they were unprecedented in many respects. The position of chairman of the Supreme Soviet was formally designated and given specific powers, particularly leadership over the legislative agenda, the ability to issue orders (rasporiazheniia), and formal power to conduct negotiations and sign treaties with foreign governments and international organizations. The Constitutional Oversight Committee, composed of people who were not in the Congress of People's Deputies, was established and given formal power to review the constitutionality of laws and normative acts of the central and republican governments and to suggest their suspension and repeal. The electoral process was constitutionally opened up to multiple candidacies, although not multi-party candidacies. A legislative body—the Supreme Soviet—was to convene for regular spring and fall sessions, each lasting three to four months. Unlike the old Supreme Soviet, however, the new Supreme Soviet was indirectly elected by the population, being elected from among the members of the Congress of People's Deputies.
Constitutional rights
The Soviet Constitution included a series of civil and political rights. Among these were the rights to freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of assembly and the right to religious belief and worship. In addition, the Constitution provided for freedom of artistic work, protection of the family, inviolability of the person and home, and the right to privacy. In line with the Marxist-Leninist ideology of the government, the Constitution also granted social and economic rights not provided by constitutions in some capitalist countries. Among these were the rights to work, rest and leisure, health protection, care in old age and sickness, housing, education, and cultural benefits.
Unlike Western constitutions, the Soviet Constitution outlined limitations on political rights, whereas in capitalist countries these limitations are usually left up to the legislative and/or judicial institutions. Article 6 effectively eliminated partisan opposition and division within government by granting to the CPSU the power to lead and guide society. Article 39 enabled the government to prohibit any activities it considered detrimental by stating that "Enjoyment of the rights and freedoms of citizens must not be to the detriment of the interests of society or the state." Article 59 obliged citizens to obey the laws and comply with the standards of socialist society as determined by the Party. The government did not treat as inalienable those political and socioeconomic rights the Constitution granted to the people. Citizens enjoyed rights only when the exercise of those rights did not interfere with the interests of the state, and the CPSU alone had the power and authority to determine policies for the government and society. For example, the right to freedom of expression stipulated in Article 52 could be suspended if the exercise of that freedom failed to be in accord with Party policies. Until the era of glasnost, freedom of expression did not entail the right to criticize the government. The constitution did provide a "freedom of conscience, that is, the right to profess or not to profess any religion, and to conduct religious worship or atheistic propaganda." It prohibited incitement of hatred or hostility on religious grounds.
The Constitution also failed to provide political and judicial mechanisms for the protection of rights. Thus, the Constitution lacked explicit guarantees protecting the rights of the people. In fact, the Supreme Soviet never introduced amendments specifically designed to protect human rights. Neither did the people have a higher authority within the government to which to appeal when their rights were violated. The Supreme Court had no power to ensure that constitutional rights were observed by legislation or were respected by the rest of the government. The Soviet Union also signed the Final Act of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki Accords), which mandated that internationally recognized human rights be respected in the signatory countries. In the late 1980s, however, realigning constitutional and domestic law with international commitments on human rights was publicly debated.
Role of the citizen
Article 59 of the Constitution stated that citizens' exercise of their rights was inseparable from performance of their duties. Articles 60 through 69 defined these duties. Citizens were required to work and to observe labor discipline. The legal code declared evasion of work to be a crime of "parasitism" and provided punishment for it. The Constitution also obliged citizens to protect socialist property and oppose corruption. All citizens performed military service as a duty to safeguard and "enhance the power and prestige of the Soviet state." Violation of this duty was considered "a betrayal of the Motherland and the gravest of crimes". Finally, the Constitution required parents to train their children for socially useful work and to raise them to be worthy members of the socialist society.
The Constitution and other legislation protected and enforced Soviet citizenship. Legislation on citizenship granted equal rights of citizenship to naturalized citizens as well as to the native born. Laws also specified that citizens could not freely renounce their citizenship. Citizens were required to apply for permission to do so from the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, which could reject the application if the applicant had not completed military service, had judicial duties, or was responsible for family dependants. In addition, the Presidium could refuse the application to protect national security, or revoke citizenship for defamation of the Soviet Union or for acts damaging to national prestige or security.
See also
1924 Soviet Constitution
1936 Soviet Constitution
Article 6 of the Soviet Constitution
Notes
References
- Soviet Union
External links
Full Text and All Subsequent Laws Amending the 1977 Constitution of the USSR
Constitution (Fundamental Law) of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, PDF of the English text of the 1977 Constitution
English text of the 1977 Constitution of the USSR
On the Draft Constitution (Fundamental Law) of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and the Results of the Nationwide Discussion of the Draft by Leonid Brezhnev
The Soviet Constitution: A Dictionary, 1986 Soviet text in English.
The New Constitution of the USSR, 1987 Soviet text in English.
Constitutions of the Soviet Union
Constitution
Soviet Constitution
1977 documents
October 1977 events in Europe
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1541.
Events
Late August – Siege of Buda: Ottoman Bektashi dervish poet Gül Baba, companion of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent, believed killed or died during or immediately after the Ottoman relief of Buda.
Elia Levita's chivalric romance, the Bovo-Bukh, is first printed, the earliest published secular work in Yiddish.
unknown dates
The Gustav Vasa Bible, the first official translation of the entire Bible into Swedish, Biblia, Thet är All then Helgha Scrifft på Swensko, is published in Upsala.
The first complete translation of the New Testament into Hungarian, Újszövetség, is the first book printed in Hungary, at Sárvár.
John Calvin translates his Institutio Christianae religionis into French as L'Institution chrétienne.
New books
Prose
George Buchanan
Baptistes
Jephtha
Joachim Sterck van Ringelbergh –
Drama
Lodovico Dolce – Il ragazzo
Giovanni Battista Giraldi – Orbecche
Poetry
Anonymous – The Schole House of Women
Francesco Berni (died 1535) – Orlando innamorato
Jacques Pelletier du Mans – Ars Poetica (translation into French from Latin of Horace)
Births
January 26 – Florent Chrestien, French satirist and Latin poet (died 1596)
Deaths
April 24 – Celio Calcagnini, Ferraran polymath and Latin poet (born 1479)
August
Gül Baba, Ottoman Bektashi dervish poet (birthdate unknown)
Juan de Valdés, Spanish religious writer (born 1500)
unknown date – Giovanni Guidiccioni, Italian bishop and poet (born 1480)
References
1541
1541 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
XM3 may refer to:
XM-3 Rhythm, a satellite operated by XM satellite radio
XM 3, a radio channel from Sirus XM satellite radio; see List of Sirius XM Radio channels
Renault Samsung XM3, a South Korean automobile
Citroën XM 3.0, a French automobile
South African type XM3 tender, a steam locomotive tender
Moller XM-3, a VTOL aircraft; see List of aircraft (Mo)
XM3, a prototype version of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle
XM-3, a U.S. Army Vietnam War era sensor
See also
XME (disambiguation)
XM (disambiguation)
Halit Özgür Sarı (born 4 October 1993) is a Turkish actor and model.
Early life
Halit Özgür Sarı was born in 1993 in Istanbul. His grandfather is of Arab descent who immigrated from Aleppo. He graduated from the Istanbul Bilgi University, Department of Economics after graduating from high school. Halit modelled in his high school and college years and became the face of many brands. He further learnt acting from the Turkish actress Esra Kızıldoğan at the Basic and Advanced Acting Craft Studio during these years in front of the camera with the help of Enginay Kanat.
Career
In 2018, Sarı began his career in the TV series, Diriliş: Ertuğrul, broadcast on TRT 1 created by Mehmet Bozdağ, with the role of 'Süleyman Alp', son of Selcan Hatun. He later gave life to the character of 'Arif' in the Netflix original series, The Protector in 2020, and later took part in () as 'Kerem' which he is mostly known for also broadcast on TRT 1. He also played the role of 'Klinik Müdürü Murat' in the TV series Kırmızı Oda () broadcast on TV8. He is known for appearing in big projects in such a short period of time.
Personal life
Sarı is a strict fan of the football club, Fenerbahçe and he also expressed that he had a dream of being an astronaut when he was little. He also says that he sleeps too much and only wakes up when he is told too but is never late for anything. He is followed by 1 million people on Instagram.
Filmography
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
1986 births
Turkish male television actors
21st-century Turkish male actors
Male actors from Istanbul
Turkish male models
The Bangladesh Swimming Federation is the national federation for swimming and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh. M B Saif is the general secretary of the federation. Admiral M Shaheen Iqbal, Chief of Bangladesh Navy, is the president of Bangladesh Swimming Federation.
History
The Bangladesh Swimming Federation was established in 1972. It was formed by the Government of Bangladesh under the National Sports Council of the Ministry of Youth and Sports. It joined the Asian Swimming Federation in 1978 as a founding member of the Asian Amateur Swimming Federation. It has its own swimming pool, the Syed Nazrul Islam National Swimming Complex.
References
Swimming in Bangladesh
National members of the Asian Swimming Federation
1972 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1972
Swimming
Organisations based in Dhaka
Barron Winchester (September 15, 1932 – February 9, 2002) was an American film and stage actor, possibly best known for his role as Eric Stem in the 1979 cult film Delirium.
Biography
Barron Winchester was born Duane Lee Jones on September 15, 1932. He was a former sergeant in the US Marine Corps and a Korean war veteran.
He had to change his stage name to that of Barron Winchester because the Screen Actors Guild already had the name Duane Jones registered.
Winchester acted on stage and film from around the 1960s until the early 1980s. Later on, he also did work behind the scenes in films such as Cover Story, The Big Brass Ring, starring William Hurt and Sir Nigel Hawthorne. and Gua Sha.
His wife, Theresa Meyer Jones, was the Hermann Area District Hospital's first director of nursing service. At Saint Louis University she was a clinical instructor from 1975 to 1978. Also for the last 23 years of her nursing career she worked in the St. Anthony's Medical Center emergency room. The couple was married for 32 years, from 1970 to 2002.
In 1979 he played the part of the obsessed vigilante Eric Stem in cult film Delirium which was directed and produced by Peter Maris who also directed Ministry of Vengeance and Zombie Hunters.
On February 2, 2002, Winchester suffered a heart attack and was admitted to St. Anthony's Medical Center in St. Louis County. He died seven days later, at age 69. and was buried at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery. Theresa Jones died on January 25, 2008.
Film work
1979 – A Pleasure Doing Business
1979 – Delirium
1981 – Escape from New York
1993 – Cover Story (firearms master)
1999 – The Big Brass Ring (Special effects; makeup assistant)
2001 – Gua Sha (special effects)
2010 – Video Nasties: Moral Panic, Censorship & Videotape (video documentary as himself)
Other works
Dramatic work and accompanying music
1984 – Delta Recon – an original one-act play / by Duane Jones
1985 – Goode's Tattos – a one-character, one-act, one-set play / by Duane Jones.
1990 – A Highway of Innocents – a one-act play / by Barron Winchester
1991 – Goodes Tattoos – a one-act play
References
American male film actors
American male stage actors
1932 births
2002 deaths
20th-century American male actors
Chester was a Canadian bubblegum pop band, active primarily from 1972 to 1975. Although they released only two singles in their original form before breaking up, the single "Make My Life a Little Bit Brighter" was a Top 10 hit on the Canadian pop charts in 1973 and the band garnered a Juno Award nomination for Most Promising Group at the Juno Awards of 1974.
The band was formed by keyboardist Glen Morrow in 1972, and included vocalist Jim Mancel, guitarist and backing vocalist Mike Argue, bassist Mel O'Brien and drummer and pianist Wedge Monroe. In summer 1973, their single "Make My Life a Little Bit Brighter" premiered on RPM magazine's RPM100 and Adult Contemporary charts, eventually peaking at #10 in the RPM100 the week of September 22, 1973, and at #8 in the AC chart the week of October 27, 1973. The follow-up single "Start a Dream", released in 1974, did not chart.
Argue left the band in 1974 to pursue a solo career. Although the remaining band members initially continued as Chester, they released no further recordings before breaking up in 1975. Mancel recorded a solo single under his own name; in 1977, Mancel and Morrow each separately revived the band name Chester for two singles. New vocalist Fran Cheslo performed with Morrow's version of the band.
In 1996 the band received a Classics Award from SOCAN, to mark "Make My Life a Little Bit Brighter" having been played 100,000 times on Canadian radio.
A compilation album, containing the singles released by Chester and those released by Argue and Mancel as solo artists, was released in 2006 on Unidisc Music.
References
Musical groups from Toronto
Canadian pop rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1972
Musical groups disestablished in 1975
Groos may refer to:
People named:
David Groos, Canadian politician
Friedrich Groos, German physician and philosopher
Gerard de Groos or Jan Adriaen Gerhardt de Groos (died 1730), Czech engraver of the Flemish origine
Kaare Steel Groos, Norwegian politician
Karl Groos, German psychologist
Margaret Groos, American athlete
Richard Groos (died 1407), English politician
See also
Carl W. A. Groos House (New Braunfels, Texas)
Carl Wilhelm August Groos House (San Antonio, Texas)
Brigadier General Bijan Assem (‎; born 1944 in Shiraz) was an acclaimed Iranian َAir Force commander and a national hero serving for the full duration of the Iran-Iraq War. His record qualifies him as an ace and one of the most successful commander of that conflict. He served the IIAF (1963–1979), and stayed on to serve in the IRIAF(1980–1988) when it was somewhat dangerous for high-ranked officers and pilots to continue their military service.
Education
University of Tehran, BSME.
Imperial Iranian Air Force Academy
RAF: Special Training
USAF: Special Training
Career
TAB1 - Mehrabad International Airport
TAB2 - Tabriz International Airport
TAB3 - Shahrokhi Air Base
TAB4 - Dezful Vahdati Air Base
TAB5 - Omidiyeh Air Base
TAB6 - Bushehr Airport
TAB7 - Shiraz International Airport
TAB8 - Khatami Air Base
TAB11 - Doshan Tappeh Air Base
TAB12 - Ghale Morghi Air Base
Missions
Kaman 99
Operation Scorch Sword
Morvarid
Liberation of Khorramshahr
Attack on H3
...
References
1945 births
Living people
People from Shiraz
Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force personnel
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rouyn-Noranda () is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes part of the Province of Quebec. It was led by an Apostolic Administrator, Bishop Gilles Lemay (of the diocese of Amos, another suffragan in the eccleastical province of Gatineau), after the retirement of Bishop Dorylas Moreau until the current bishop, Joseph Ferdinand Guy Boulanger, was installed on March 21, 2020.
As of 2004, the diocese contains 38 parishes, 24 active diocesan priests, 9 religious priests, and 58,000 Catholics. It also has 84 women religious, and 10 religious brothers.
Bishops
Diocesan bishops
The following is a list of the bishops of Rouyn-Noranda and their terms of service:
Jean-Guy Hamelin (1973 – 2001)
Dorylas Moreau (30 November 2001 – 25 June 2019)
Joseph Ferdinand Guy Boulanger (31 January 2020 – present)
Other priest of this diocese who became bishop
Pierre Goudreault, appointed Bishop of Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière, Québec in 2017
References
Diocese of Rouyn-Noranda page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rouyn-Noranda Official Site
Rouyn-Noranda
Catholic Church in Quebec
Organizations based in Quebec
Rouyn-Noranda
Braeside School may refer to:
Braeside School (Nairobi), a day school in Lavington, Nairobi
Braeside School, Buckhurst Hill, an independent school in Buckhurst Hill, Essex
Braeside School (Highland Park, Illinois), a school on the National Register of Historic Places in Highland Park, Illinois
A la valenciana (translated in English as "The Valencian Way"), officially named as Compromís–Podemos–EUPV: A la valenciana, was an electoral coalition formed by Coalició Compromís, Podemos and United Left of the Valencian Country in May 2016 to contest the 2016 Spanish general election in the autonomous community of Valencia. The alliance was the successor of the És el moment coalition that contested the 2015 general election.
The alliance name refers to the proposed coalition government offered by Podemos and Compromís to the PSOE in the Congress of Deputies. Such an offer was based on the agreement reached in the Valencian Community between the Socialist Party of the Valencian Country and Compromís, that made their leaders Ximo Puig and Mònica Oltra the regional premier and vice premier, respectively.
Composition
Electoral performance
Cortes Generales
See also
En Comú Podem
En Marea
Notes
References
Political parties established in 2016
Political parties in the Valencian Community
Defunct political party alliances in Spain
2016 establishments in the Valencian Community
Podemos (Spanish political party)
Unidas Podemos
Glan-yr-afon is a hamlet in the community of Bodffordd, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 135 miles (217.3 km) from Cardiff and 218.1 miles (351 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Selective percutaneous myofascial lengthening is a type of minimally invasive surgery utilized to relieve tension from muscle spasticity. It has been used to treat children who have cerebral palsy.
References
Surgical procedures and techniques
Cerebral palsy and other paralytic syndromes
Cyclothone obscura, commonly known as the hidden bristlemouth, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyclothone.
References
Gonostomatidae
Fish described in 1902
The building at 203–205 North Market Street is a historic commercial building located in Champaign, Illinois. Built circa 1870, the building has an architecturally significant Italianate design, stylistically matching its neighbor at 201 North Market Street. The Italianate style was popular in both residential and commercial buildings in the United States from the 1850s through the 1880s. The two-story building's characteristic Italianate features include its tall, narrow arched windows capped with keystones and its brick entablature. The building also has a cast iron storefront with classical details, a popular decorative element in contemporary commercial buildings. A limestone sidewalk, possibly the only 19th-century stone sidewalk remaining in Champaign, runs in front of the building.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1997, along with its companion building at 201 North Market Street.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Champaign County, Illinois
Buildings and structures in Champaign, Illinois
The Eighth Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards (generally known as the ARIA Music Awards or simply The ARIAS) was held on 30 March 1994 at the State Theatre in Sydney. Radio and TV personality Richard Stubbs hosted the ceremony and was assisted by presenters to distribute 26 awards.
In addition to previous categories, new categories for Best Alternative Release and Best Pop/Dance Release were presented for the first time. A Special Achievement Award was presented to former Go-Set music journalist and pioneer radio DJ, Stan Rofe. The ARIA Hall of Fame inducted Men at Work.
Ceremony details
The Cruel Sea won five categories for their album The Honeymoon Is Over (1993) and its title track. According to Australian music journalist, Anthony O'Grady, they displayed "a churning rumble of swamp boogie, surf instrumentals and punk iconoclasm, not immediately radio's hottest wish list." Speculation that they would not turn up proved unfounded. The group's guitarist Dan Rumour finished an acceptance speech with, "The press said we'd clean up at tonight's awards, so you can help us by stacking the chairs and emptying the ashtrays as you leave." Newspapers reported the following day that, at an after-party, the band's lead singer Tex Perkins had been injured during a scuffle with a drunken guest and that, separately, two of the group's trophies had been stolen.
Presenters and performers
The ARIA Awards ceremony was hosted by TV personality Richard Stubbs. Presenters and performers were:
Awards
Nominees for most awards are shown, in plain, with winners in bold.
ARIA Awards
Album of the Year
The Cruel Sea – The Honeymoon Is Over
The Badloves – Get On Board
Crowded House – Together Alone
Diesel – The Lobbyist
John Farnham – Then Again...
Single of the Year
The Cruel Sea – "The Honeymoon Is Over"
The Badloves – "Lost"
Jimmy Barnes – "Stone Cold"
Crowded House – "Distant Sun"
Diesel – "Never Miss Your Water"
Highest Selling Album
John Farnham – Then Again...
Jimmy Barnes – Flesh and Wood
The Black Sorrows – The Chosen Ones
Wendy Matthews – Lily
The Seekers – The Silver Jubilee Album
Highest Selling Single
Peter Andre – "Gimme a Little Sign"
Chocolate Starfish – "You're So Vain"
INXS – "The Gift"
Screaming Jets – "Shivers"
Things of Stone and Wood – "Happy Birthday Helen"
Best Group
The Cruel Sea – The Honeymoon Is Over
Baby Animals – Shaved and Dangerous
Crowded House – Together Alone
INXS – Full Moon, Dirty Hearts
Midnight Oil – Earth and Sun and Moon
Best Female Artist
Wendy Matthews – "Friday's Child"
Kate Ceberano – "You've Got a Friend"
Deborah Conway – Bitch Epic
Anne Kirkpatrick – "Game of Love"
Margaret Urlich – "Burnt Sienna"
Best Male Artist
Diesel – The Lobbyist
Jimmy Barnes – Flesh and Wood
John Farnham – Then Again...
Tim Finn – Before & After
Tex Perkins – Sad But True
Best New Talent
The Badloves – Get On Board
Robertson Brothers – I Know Why
Margot Smith – "Sleeping with the Lion"
Vincent Stone – Sunshine
Swoop – Thriller
Breakthrough Artist – Album
The Badloves – Get On Board
Peter Andre – Peter Andre
Things of Stone and Wood – The Yearning
Tiddas – Sing About Life
The Sharp – This Is the Sharp
Breakthrough Artist – Single
The Badloves – "Lost"
Chocolate Starfish – "You're So Vain"
Christine Anu – "Last Train"
D.I.G. – "Re-invent Yourself"
Vincent Stone – "Sunshine"
Best Pop Release
Peter Andre – Peter Andre
Bellydance – One Blood
Girlfriend – It's Up to YouToni Pearen – "I Want You"
Sound Unlimited – "One More from the City"
Best Country Album Lee Kernaghan – Three Chain RoadGraeme Connors – The Return
Slim Dusty – Ringer from the Top End
Anne Kirkpatrick – Game of Love
John Williamson – Love is a Good Woman
Best Independent Release Ed Kuepper – Serene MachineThe Jackson Code – Dragging the River
Juice – Movin' On
Dave Steel – Cross My Palm
Brenda Webb – Little Black Girl
Best Alternative Release You Am I – "Sound As Ever"Clouds – Thunderhead
Crow – My Kind of Pain
The Cruel Sea – The Honeymoon Is Over
Dave Graney & the Coral Snakes – Night of the Wolverine
Best Indigenous Release Tiddas – Sing About LifeKev Carmody – Bloodlines
Not Drowning, Waving – Circus
Archie Roach – Jamu Dreaming
Yothu Yindi – Freedom
Best Adult Contemporary Album Tommy Emmanuel – The JourneyJames Blundell – Touch of Water
Grace Knight – Gracious
Rick Price & Margaret Urlich – "Where Is the Love?"
The Seekers – 25 Year Reunion Celebration
Best Comedy Release Steady Eddy – Ready Steady GoDouble Take – Hercules Returns
Rolf Harris – Rolf Rules OK
Jimeoin – Goin' Off
Doug Mulray – Nice Legs Shame About the Fez
Fine Arts Awards
Best Jazz Album Mike Bukovsky – WanderlustAtmaSphere – Flying
Judy Bailey – Sundial
The Catholics – The Catholics
Mike Nock – Touch
Best Classical Album Dene Olding, Sydney Symphony Orchestra, Challender, Porcelijn – Ross Edwards Orchestral WorksAustralian Chamber Orchestra & Richard Tognetti – Mendelssohn: Octet in E Flat for Strings Op. 20 Sinfonia No. 9 in C. Swiss
Australian Chamber Orchestra & Richard Tognetti – Symphony Serenades and Suites
Nigel Butterley – John Cage
Dene Olding, Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, Iwaki – Violin Concertos
Best Children's Album Mic Conway – Whoopee!Bananas in Pyjamas – Bananas in Pyjamas
Colin Buchanan – I Want My Mummy
Franciscus Henri – My Favourite Nursery Rhymes
Monica Trapaga – Monica's Tea Party
Best Original Soundtrack / Cast / Show Recording Original Cast Recording – Hot Shoe ShuffleThe Australian Opera, Giacomo Puccini – La Boheme
M. Easton, M. Atkins – Snowy Original Soundtrack
Carl Vine – Bedevil
John Waters, Lennon & McCartney – Looking Through a Glass Onion
Artisan Awards
Song of the Year James Cruickshank, Tex Perkins, Dan Rumour – "The Honeymoon Is Over" (The Cruel Sea)James Cruickshank, Tex Perkins, Dan Rumour – "Black Stick" (The Cruel Sea)
Diesel – "Never Miss Your Water" (Diesel)
Neil Finn – "Distant Sun" (Crowded House)
Tim Finn – "Persuasion" (Tim Finn)
Best Cover Art Pierre Baroni, Mushroom Art – Deborah Conway – Bitch EpicKristyna Higgins, Jan Manby – The Cruel Sea – The Honeymoon Is Over
Marcelle Lunam – Things of Stone and Wood – The Yearning
Nick Seymour – Crowded House – Together Alone
Kevin Wilkins, Midnight Oil – Midnight Oil – Earth and Sun and Moon
Best Video Richard Lowenstein – INXS – "The Gift"Andrew Dominik – The Cruel Sea – "The Honeymoon Is Over"
Paul Elliott – Midnight Oil – "Outbreak of Love"
Paul Elliott, Sally Bongers – Christine Anu & Paul Kelly – "Last Train"
Craig Griffin – John Farnham – "Seemed Like a Good Idea (At the Time)"
Engineer of the Year Simon Hussey – Daryl Braithwaite – "Barren Ground", "The World as It Is"; – Company of Strangers – "Baby, You're a Rich Man", "Daddy's Gonna Make You a Star"Mark Forrester – Peter Andre – "Funky Junky", "Let's Get it On"; – Grant McLennan – "Lighting Fires", "Surround Me"
Nick Mainsbridge, Kalju Tonuma - The Sharp - "Scratch My Back", "Yeah I Want You", "Train of Thought"
Michael Letho – Daryl Braithwaite – "Barren Ground", "The World As it Is", "Breaking the Rules", "Look What Your Love Has Done"
Tony Cohen – The Cruel Sea – "The Honeymoon is Over"; – Tiddas – "Waiting"; – Dave Graney & the Coral Snakes – "You're Just Too Hip Baby"
Producer of the YearTony Cohen – The Cruel Sea – The Honeymoon Is OverAngelique Cooper – Christine Anu with Paul Kelly – "Last Train"; Neil Murray – "Holy Road" (Remix); Yothu Yindi – "World Turning" (Remix)
James Black – Things of Stone and Wood – "Rock This Boat", "Single Perfect Raindrop", "Heidelberg", "Barkley Street"
Joe Camilleri – The Black Sorrows – "Stir It Up", "Come on, Come On"
Johnny Diesel – Diesel – "I've Been Loving You Too Long", "Never Miss Your Water", "Masterplan"
Simon Hussey – Company of Strangers – "Baby, You're a Rich Man", "Daddy's Gonna Make You a Star";
Special Achievement AwardStan RofeARIA Hall of Fame inductee
The Hall of Fame inductee was:Men at Work'''
References
External links
ARIA Awards official website
List of 1994 winners
1994 music awards
1994 in Australian music
ARIA Music Awards
Élie Salomon François Reverdil (1732–1808) was a Swiss scholar.
Reverdil studied theology in Geneva, and was employed as a professor in mathematics at the academy of arts in Copenhagen in 1758. In 1760, he became a tutor to the future Christian VII of Denmark. When Christian became king in 1766, Reverdil was appointed reader and cabinet secretary. In 1767, he was exiled, likely because of the influence of the king's favorite Conrad Holck, and settled in Switzerland. In June 1771, Reverdil was recalled to Denmark by Struensee to become the companion and caretaker of the by now mentally ill king. He was exiled again after the fall of Struensee and returned to Switzerland.
He published memoirs of his time at the Danish court.
References
Court of Christian VII of Denmark
Danish royal favourites
18th-century writers from the Republic of Geneva
18th-century Danish mathematicians
1732 births
1808 deaths
Swiss memoirists
Danish courtiers
Lobesia aeolopa is a moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in Vietnam, Thailand, India, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Java, the Solomon Islands, Korea, Japan, Taiwan, São Tomé and Príncipe, Tanzania, South Africa, Réunion and Madagascar.
Biology
The wingspan is 10–12 mm.
Larvae have been found on Ricinus communis, Melochia umbellata, Pluchea indica, Lantana camara, Cajanus indicus, Gleditsia triacanthos and Flacourtia indica, but are possibly predatory on aphids, rather than feeding on plant tissue.
References
External links
Semiochemicals of Lobesia aeolopa
Moths described in 1907
Olethreutini
Moths of Japan
Moths of Madagascar
Moths of Réunion
Moths of São Tomé and Príncipe
Butanawai (Atayal language: Butanawai/Putauatsui) is an ancestor in Atayal mythology in Taiwan. He became rainbow after his death.
Mythology
In ancient days, there was a hero called Butanawai, who treated his tribe fairly, and the people of his tribe saw him as god. When he was dying, he told his tribe that he would become the Red spirit, and he would appear with Sessappo, the Blue spirit, in the sky, guarding the descendants. If there is a sound appearing with the rainbow, that is the call from Butanawai.
See also
Atayal people
Notes
Atayal culture
Gerald Haider (born 1 July 1955) is an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1976.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Underfunded is a comedy-drama made-for-TV movie that aired the United States cable television channel USA Network on November 8, 2006 at 10 PM EDT.
It stars Mather Zickel as Darryl Freehorn, an agent in the Canadian Secret Service (CSS).
Plot
Caught between a constricting budget and an inane American Intelligence Community, Canadian Secret Service agent Darryl Freehorn works as a liaison with the U.S. State Department to solve international conspiracies and busts American prescription drug smugglers. Freehorn is frequently met with skepticism by American officials when he introduces himself as an agent of the CSS, to which he always responds with "We have one, too." Costar Joanna Canton plays Naomi Lutz, a smitten assistant to Freehorn bucking for a job as a full-blown agent. Occasionally over-enthusiastic and she cites her knowledge of the West Wing on NBC as her qualification for a trip to Washington, D.C.
See also
InSecurity
References
External links
USA Network: Underfunded
Canuck spy agency 'Underfunded' Ottawa Sun
CSIS goes to Hollywood MacLean's
Underfunded, eh? Vancouver Sun
USA Network original programming
2000s American comedy-drama television series
Films directed by John Fortenberry
2000s spy comedy films
American television films
2006 films
2006 comedy films
2000s English-language films
Walter Hiesel (born 13 March 1944) is an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1964 to 1966.
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Oakcrest High School is a comprehensive four-year public high school located in Hamilton Township, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. The school is part of the Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School District, which includes three secondary schools that serve students from Egg Harbor City, Galloway Township, Hamilton Township and Mullica Township, together with students from Port Republic and Washington Township (in Burlington County) who attend as part of sending/receiving relationships.
The school serves students from Hamilton Township, though students from elsewhere in the district are eligible to apply to attend magnet programs hosted at Oakcrest. With the opening of Cedar Creek High School in Egg Harbor City in 2010, students from Mullica Township, Port Republic and Washington Township no longer attend Oakcrest High School.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 937 students and 88.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.6:1. There were 416 students (44.4% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 102 (10.9% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History
The district was established with the passage of a referendum in January 1957 by the five constituent municipalities of Egg Harbor City, Egg Harbor Township, Galloway Township, Hamilton Township and Mullica Township by a 5-1 margin that allocated $1.7 million (equivalent to $ million in ) for the construction of what would become Oakcrest High School. The school, initially named Egg Harbor Regional High School opened in September 1960, with 150 students from Hamilton Township shifted out of Vineland High School.
The school was renamed as Oakcrest High School. The school name was chosen based on its site on the crest of a hill amid oak trees.
Awards, recognition and rankings
The school was the 197th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 247th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 244th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 254th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 232nd in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school as 254th out of 376 public high schools statewide in its 2010 rankings (an increase of 5 positions from the 2009 rank) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
The school has a variety of programs, including Special Needs, a "High School-to-Work" program, College Preparatory, Advanced Placement (AP), and Performing Arts training.
For the 2005-06 school year, Oakcrest High School was recognized with the "Best Practices Award" by the New Jersey Department of Education for its "A Proactive Approach to Guidance and Career Services" Career Education program.
Oakcrest's Academic Challenge Team was successful at the Buena Regional High School and Egg Harbor Township High School competitions in spring 2006, the team finished first overall at the Gateway Toyota Academic Challenge at Monsignor Donovan High School in Toms River by defeating perennial competitor East Brunswick High School in the final round.
In the 2011 "Ranking America's High Schools" issue by The Washington Post, the school was ranked 66th in New Jersey and 1,918th nationwide.
Athletics
The Oakcrest High School Falcons compete in the Atlantic Division of the Cape-Atlantic League, an athletic conference that includes public and private high schools located in the Atlantic, Cape May, Cumberland and Gloucester counties, operating under the aegis of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 577 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2022–24 school years as Group II South for most athletic competition purposes. The football team competes in the Colonial Division of the 94-team West Jersey Football League superconference and was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II South for football for 2022–2024.
The school offers many sports to its students including football, fall cheerleading, field hockey, soccer, tennis, basketball, winter cheerleading, lacrosse, wrestling, crew, track and field, cross-country running, powerlifting and baseball.
The wrestling team won the South Jersey Group III state sectional championship in 1992 and 1993.
The girls outdoor track and field team won the Group III state championships in 1997.
The boys track team won the Group III indoor relay championships in 2011, 2012 and 2013
The boys outdoor track and field team won the Group IV state championships in 2011 and the Group III title in 2012.
Marching band
In the 2005-06 school year, the high school's marching band, the Oakcrest Marching Ambassadors, took a record 37 first place trophies including a grand championship in the Cavalcade of Bands Liberty conference. The band has performed in numerous venues including the Miss America Parade in Atlantic City, the Festival of States in St. Petersburg, Florida, and a tour in Europe including Switzerland, France and Germany.
The school's marching band was Tournament of Bands Chapters One Champions in 1977 and 1988 (Group 2) and 1983-1987 (Group 1). The marching band was 1977 Atlantic Coast Champion in Group 2. They also took First Place in the Tournament of Bands Groups 2A Atlantic Coast Championships in 2013.
In 2015 the Ambassadors also won the Group 1A Atlantic Coast Championships for Tournament of Bands. With the show "Scheherazade", modeled after the Santa Clara Vanguard's show of the same name, during their 2015 season the Ambassadors had an undefeated reign and also set records for the school and tournament of bands itself. The Ambassadors won New Jersey Championships, Chapter 1 Championships as well Atlantic Coast Championships. The school has the highest record ever set by a 1A band with a final score of 95.92.
In the 2016 and 2017 seasons, shows titled "Ascension" and "A Dream Come True" won both NJ State and Region 1 Championships in the 1 Open class, again in Tournament of Bands.
The 2018 season was a season of success. The Ambassadors had moved up a group to 2A. With a show titled "Uncaged", they had had another undefeated season, followed by another State and Region 1 Championship victory, with an Atlantic Coast Championship victory for 2A, scoring a 95.810,the highest score achieved in group 2A. This was the second highest achieved in any A class by any band in Tournament of Bands, second only to their 2015 show.
Administration
James Reina is the principal.
Notable alumni
Brandon Bell (born 1995, class of 2013), linebacker for the Penn State Nittany Lions football team.
Colin Bell (born 1981, class of 1999), member of the New Jersey Senate who represented the 2nd Legislative District.
Cory Bird (born 1978, class of 1996), American football safety who played in the NFL for the Indianapolis Colts.
Darhyl Camper (born 1990, class of 2008), singer-songwriter and record producer.
Carmen Cincotti (born 1992, class of 2011), competitive eater.
Darren Drozdov (born 1969), former NFL player for the Denver Broncos and wrestler in the then WWF (now WWE).
Ronnie Faisst (born 1977, class of 1995), professional freestyle motocross and snow bikecross rider.
Day Gardner, crowned Miss Delaware 1976, she became the first black woman to place as a semi-finalist in the Miss America Pageant.
Shameka Marshall (born 1983, class of 2001), long jumper who won the gold medal at the 2007 NACAC Championships in Athletics.
Cathy Rush (born 1947), former women's basketball program head coach at Immaculata University who led the team to three consecutive AIAW national titles from 1972-1974.
Cody Stashak (born 1994), professional baseball pitcher for the Minnesota Twins.
Notable faculty
Doug Colman (born 1973), former NFL linebacker who began his coaching career at Oakcrest.
Bill Manlove (born 1933), College Football Hall of Fame head coach who coached the Oakcrest team in 1965 and 1966.
References
External links
Oakcrest School website
Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School District
School Data for the Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School District, National Center for Education Statistics
South Jersey Sports: Oakcrest HS
1960 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1960
Hamilton Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey
Public high schools in Atlantic County, New Jersey
Horatio Clifford Claypool (February 9, 1859 – January 19, 1921) was a three term U.S. Representative from Ohio. He was the father of Harold Kile Claypool and cousin of John Barney Peterson.
Biography
Born in McArthur, Vinton County, Ohio, Claypool attended the common schools, and graduated from National Normal University in Lebanon, Ohio, in 1880.
He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1882 and commenced practice in Chillicothe, Ohio.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Ross County from 1899 to 1903 and as probate judge of the county from 1905 to 1910.
Congress
Claypool was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second and Sixty-third Congresses (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1915).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1914 to the Sixty-fourth Congress.
Claypool was elected to the Sixty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1917 – March 3, 1919).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1918 to the Sixty-sixth Congress.
He resumed the practice of law in Chillicothe, Ohio.
Death
He died in Columbus, Ohio on January 19, 1921.
He was interred in Grandview Cemetery, Chillicothe, Ross County, Ohio, USA.
Sources
1859 births
1921 deaths
People from McArthur, Ohio
People from Chillicothe, Ohio
National Normal University alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Burials at Grandview Cemetery (Chillicothe, Ohio)
Hooke Point () is a point near the head of Lallemand Fjord, in Graham Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey from surveys and air photos, 1946–59, and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Robert Hooke, an English experimental physicist and author of Micrographia, which contains one of the earliest known descriptions of ice crystals.
References
Headlands of Graham Land
Loubet Coast
Silent protest is an organized effort where the participants stay quiet to demonstrate disapproval. It is used as a form of civil disobedience and nonviolent resistance.
Examples
On July 28, 1917, a Silent Parade took place in New York City to protest lynching.
1968 Olympics Black Power salute
1968 Summer Olympics – Czech gymnast Věra Čáslavská looked away when the Soviet anthem was playing
NOH8 Campaign
2011 Belarusian protests
References
Community organizing
Nonviolence
Protest tactics
Heike Engelhardt (born 5 June 1961) is a German politician for the SPD and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Engelhardt was born 1961 in the West German city of Stuttgart and was elected to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1961 births
Politicians from Stuttgart
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
21st-century German women politicians
Female members of the Bundestag
Kal'vets Rock () is a rock outcrop lying west-southwest of the summit of Mount Flånuten on the west side of the Humboldt Mountains, Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and plotted from air photos by the Third German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39, and mapped from air photos and surveys by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60. It was remapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, and named after Soviet pilot O.A. Kal'vets.
References
Rock formations of Queen Maud Land
Humboldt Mountains (Antarctica)
The Chantuto Archaeological Site is located in the Soconusco region of coastal Chiapas state, Mexico. The Chantuto were the ancient people who belonged to the coastal region of Southwestern Mexico, west of the modern town of Escuintla, Chiapas, dating back to between 5500-1500 BC (7500-3500 before present).
Chantuto people relied mainly on the diet of clams and fish. The sites that are linked to the Chantuto people hold the most evidence towards this theory as they consist of mainly clamshell remains, which have formed piles along five different lagoon archaeological sites.
Chantuto culture was followed by the Barra culture and then the Mokaya people.
The Sites
In relation to the Chantuto people, five sites where located near lagoons that are conveniently positioned along a canal where different shell middens have been discovered. Archaeologist Philip Drucker, who was one of the main participating archaeologists, dug a 2.5 meter test pit at one of the five Chantuto sites and discovered two different stratums, one containing a fair bit of pottery and one without any (Voorhies 2003).
Most of the sites that were explored contained large amounts of shell deposits with limited to no other arte/eco facts. Other eco/artifacts in relation to these sites that have been found can include fish bones and other sea related goods. The archaeologists participating in these excavations, were able to date these sites “by means of radiocarbon assays and the methods of data recovery and interpretation ranging from replication experiments to ethnographic analogy", which helped date these sites between 3,500-7,500 years of age.
Archaeologists exploring the Chantuto people and their gathering habits have found and excavated five different archaeological sites that have been referred to by archaeologist Barbara Voorhies as the “five coastal lagoons" (Voorhies 2003). The shell mound sites that are related to the Chantuto period where located on the mainland side of each lagoon of this Estuary. These sites were described as round or oval in shape, containing various amounts of clamshells, which most likely where stored here by the Chantuto people (Voorhies 2003). All of these shell sites are located in the Acapetahua Estuary area.
Population
Archaeologists believe that the Chantuto people developed into the Barra people, and then into the Locona people. But according to John E. Clark, these were basically the same group of people, most likely speakers of proto-Mixe-Zoque, so he proposed the single term Mokaya to refer to them.
The Findings
The findings at this site are limited to a set of shell middens found along the lagoons of the Acapetahua Estuary, usually relating to clams. Voorhies proposes convincingly that the shell mound sites were mass procurement and processing stations for marsh dams that were dried and brought inland to base camp sites such as Vuelta Limon.
At the site of Tlachuachero, out of 17 samples taken from this stratum, such objects as bone, ceramics, shell, rock fragments and clay nodules arose. The collection results from this site outlined that 99.55% of the total weight of the samples were made up of clamshells with the remainder as other items, such as fish bone for example. At the other four archaeological sites there have been a small amount of different objects found, such as but not limited to metates, hand stones, and anvils.
The Main Archaeologists
Barbara Voorhies
Barbara Voorhies can be seen as the main archaeologist behind studying this Chantuto site and the people who inhabited this area. Barbara Voorhies is an American archaeologist who was educated at Tufts and Yale University. Voorhies has also taught at the University of Colorado and the University of California in Santa Barbara for nearly thirty years (Hirst 2010). She is recognized for her work with the shell mound archaic sites of coastal Mexico, such as Cerro de las Conchas, Chiapas, and the discussed Chantuto phase sites such as Vuelta Limon and Tlachuachero (Hirst 2010).
Philip Drucker
Drucker explored the shell mound of Islona Chantuto. His excavations lead to him being convinced that this site was more than likely a pre-ceramic age and decided to discover it further. Later Voorhies worked to understand and evaluate the Chantuto sites and the people who inhabited this area.
Notes
Sources
Archaeological sites in Chiapas
Mokaya culture
Andrew Gray-Ling (born 1970), better known as Andy Gray, is a British songwriter, composer, and record producer. Gray became one half of the Perfecto remix team with Paul Oakenfold to replace Steve Osborne, and they went on to remix Moby's "Natural Blues" and U2's "Beautiful Day" and compose the theme music for Big Brother UK under the name Elementfour.
Discography
Film scores
Hunters (2016 TV series) (composer/ producer)
Alleycats (composer)
Mr. Holmes (composer / producer) Trailer
Last Waltz (composer) TBA
Rapid intervention (composer)
TT3D: Closer to the Edge (composer/ producer)
CSI Miami (composer) original song
Saab (composer / producer) Saab North America
The Secret of war (BBC) (composer / producer) UK TV End credits
Traveler (composer / producer) Pilot TV show US
Ultraviolet (composer / producer) Trailer
I am number four (Disney) (composer / producer) Trailer
Let Me in (composer / producer) Trailer
Toshiba (composer / producer) commercial (hello Tosh)
Victims (TBA) (composer / producer)
Big Brother (Channel 4 TV UK) (composer / producer) Original Theme
Timecop 2: The Berlin Decision (composer / producer)
Hollywood Homicide (Sony) (composer / producer) original song
Riders (Miramax) (composer / producer)
Steal (composer / producer)
Zoolander (Paramount) (remixer) Song ("Relax")
The Bourne Identity (Composer) Mini Chase
Stormbreaker – Sync (ready steady Go)
Collateral -Sync (ready steady Go)
Swordfish (composer / producer) End Theme
Get Carter (Warner Bros.) (composer / producer) original track
Oakenfold & Gray (composer / producer) Toyota commercial
("Gorilla")
K2 (programmer) Hans Zimmer Score
Music
Andy Gray /Gary Numan For You (Co-write)
Tenek-Grayedout What Kind Of Friend
Viv Ablertine The Vermilion Border (Mix/Add Production)
Proxies TBC (Record/Mix/Production)
John Foxx-Grayedout (remix/co-write) Interplay
John Foxx-Grayedout (remix/co-write) Watching A Building on Fire
BT (remixer) Emergency
Kovak (producer) 2nd album (end 2011)
Hard-Fi (producer) Killer Sounds
Lonsdale Boys Club (producer) Weekend /Light me up
Enter Shikari (producer/mix) Common Dreads
Glenn Morrison (remixer) Tokyo
Radio Head (remixer) Nude
Enter Shikari (remixer) "We Can Breathe in Space, They Just Don't Want Us to Escape"
Kovak (producer) Heroes & High Heels
Carman Rizzo (remixer) Sirens
Enter Shikari (remixer) "Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour"
Carman Rizzo (remixer) Traveler in time
Nizyaz (remixer) Nizyaz
Tears for Fears (remixer) Mad World
U2 (remixer) "Beautiful Day"
Moby (remixer and programmer) "Natural Blues"
Madonna (remixer) "What It Feels Like for a Girl”
Korn (remixer) "Did My Time”
Moody Blues (remixer) "Nights in White Satin”
Michael Andrews f/ Gary Jules (remixer) "Mad World”
Gary Numan (keyboards / programming) Jagged
Syntax (producer) Strange days
Syntax (producer/writer) Bliss
Gary Numan (writer / producer) "Hybrid" album
Natacha Atlas (writer/producer) Something Dangerous
Dave Matthews Band (remix) Perfecto mix
Bunkka (writer / producer) Oakenfold Bunkka
Fluke (Co-writer / producer) "2 bit Pie" album
Fluke (producer) "Puppy" album
Gary Numan (remixer) "A Prayer for the Unborn'"
Joi (remixer) "Deep Asia Vibes”
Big Brother (writer / producer) Big Brother Theme single
Quivver (add Prod & mix) "One Last Time"*
Mansun (remix programmer) "Disappoint You”
Genelab (remixer) "Out of My Head”
Ian Brown (remixer) "Golden Gaze”
Pet Shop Boys (remixer) "Go West" Euro 2000 album
Natalie Imbruglia (Co-writer) tracks
New Order (programmer) "Brutal" ('The Beach' OST)
Georgio Moroder (remixer) "The Chase”
Skip Raiders (remixer) "Another Day”
Tori Amos (programmer) tracks
Elizabeth Fraser (Co-writer/producer) Underwater
Happy Mondays (programmer) "Boys Are Back in Town'”
21st Century Girls (Co-remixer) "21st Century Girls”
Republica
(co-prod / mix) "Rush Hour" single
(co-prod / mix) "Speed Ballads”
Rialto
(co-prod / mix) "5.19" single
(co-prod / mix) "When We're Together'"
Garbage (prog / mix) "Special" remix
The Aloof
(prog / mix) "Seeking Pleasure'" album
(remixer) "What I Miss Most”
(edit) "One-Night Stand”
Tori Amos
(programmer) songs on From the Choirgirl Hotel
(remix) "Raspberry Swirl" single
(prog / edit) "Cruel" single
BT
(prog / edit ) ESCM album
(remix) "Love, Peace & Grease" single
(programmer) "Remember'" single
(prog / mix) "MA" album
Quivver
(programmer) "Blue Lights" single
(programmer) "Falling" single
Penguin Cafe Orchestra (remixer) "Telephone And Rubber Band"
Mulu (remixer) "Filmstar" track
The Human League (programmer) "Octopus" album
East 17 (programmer) "Thunder'" single
Amoeba Assassin (writer / artist / prod) "Roller Coaster”
References
External links
Andy Gray on Discogs
English record producers
English electronic musicians
1970 births
Living people
Remixers
Manley Colchester Kemp (7 September 1861 – 30 June 1951) was an English schoolmaster and sportsman, known particularly for a first-class cricket career that extended from 1880 to 1895.
Life
He was born at Forest Hill, London, one of the four sons of Charles Fitch Kemp (died 1907), a leading chartered accountant. Two of his brothers, Charles and Arthur, also played first-class cricket for Kent, and Charles played for Oxford University too. The youngest son, Harold Fitch Kemp, played for the Harrow School XI, as did all the brothers. He followed his father in becoming President of the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
At Harrow School, Kemp was captain of the cricket team and also won the public schools rackets championship in both 1879 and 1880. At Oxford University, he matriculated in 1880 and was a scholar at Hertford College.
Kemp won Blues at Oxford for rackets and for soccer as well as playing for the Oxford cricket team in the University Match in each of his four seasons at the university. He then became a schoolmaster at Winchester College for three years from 1885, before returning to Harrow as a master, where he remained involved with school sports, particularly cricket, up to the end of his life, though he retired from teaching in 1921.
Cricketer
Kemp had already appeared in first-class cricket before he went to Oxford, being picked for a "Gentlemen of the South" side in 1879 and for Kent and a Gentlemen of Kent team in 1880. He was a right-handed batsman who usually played in the middle order and a wicketkeeper, though he did not always keep wicket when he played for Kent.
As a batsman, Kemp's figures appear unimpressive to modern eyes, but he produced occasional innings of brilliance. As captain of the Oxford University team in both 1883 and 1884, he led the 1884 side to an unexpected victory over the full Australian touring team, making an unbeaten 63 out of an unbroken fourth-wicket partnership of 76. After leaving Oxford University, his first-class cricket was confined largely to the August school holidays, though he played almost a whole season in 1886; in that year, he made his highest score and only century, an innings of 175 for the Gentlemen of England cricket team against Cambridge University, made out of a total of 298 after the first six wickets had been lost for just 21 runs. He played in the Gentlemen v Players matches from 1883 to 1885. He did not appear in first-class cricket after 1895.
Death
Kemp died at Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, on 30 June 1951.
References
External links
1861 births
1951 deaths
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
Gentlemen of England cricketers
Gentlemen of Kent cricketers
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Hertford College, Oxford
C. I. Thornton's XI cricketers
North v South cricketers
Lord March's XI cricketers
Gentlemen of the South cricketers
Ward's Reservoir (or Wards Reservoir), known locally as the Blue Lagoon, is a small reservoir close to the village of Belmont, Lancashire, England. It is in the West Pennine Moors north of Bolton.
The reservoir did not supply drinking water but was built to supply water to Rycroft Works in the early 19th century. It was enlarged in 1893 by Deacons who used the water to supply Belmont Bleachworks.
It holds 150,000 cubic metres of water, with a surface area of 28,000 square metres, when full. Most of the reservoir is only a few feet deep, but it has a depth of about at its deepest point.
The reservoir was drained by its owner, Belmont Holdings, in 2010, despite efforts by local residents to save it. It had fallen into a state of disrepair following the closure of the bleachworks, and was considered a flood risk by the Environment Agency.
By the end of August 2010 heavy rain had refilled the reservoir, and in September 2010 it was sold for £50,000. The buyer is thought to be a Horwich-based consortium who will renovate and develop the reservoir for recreational use.
References
Reservoirs in Lancashire
Buildings and structures in Blackburn with Darwen
Cateno Roberto De Luca (born 18 March 1972) is an Italian politician, mayor of Messina from 2018 to 2022.
Biography
Mayor of Fiumedinisi and Santa Teresa di Riva
De Luca was born in Fiumedinisi. At the age of 18 he began his political career by being elected to the city council of his city and at the age of 22 he was appointed councilor to the municipality. After losing to the municipal elections of 1998 for the nomination of the new mayor of Fiumedinisi, he reapplied in 2003, succeeding this time to win. Reconfirmed mayor in 2008, two years before he is a candidate for the Regional Sicilian Regional elections, being elected and reconfirmed in the elections of 2008 and 2012.
In 2011 he resigned as mayor of his city and ran the following year as mayor of Santa Teresa di Riva, winning the first round and remaining in office until 2017.
Member of the ARS
At the regional elections of 2006 he was elected deputy to the Sicilian Regional Assembly with the Movement for the Autonomies, among whose ranks he was re-elected also to the successive regional of 2008.
At the regional Sicilian in 2012 he was a candidate for the Presidency of the region, supported by the Sicilian Revolution list, obtaining however only 1.23% of the votes, not being simultaneously re-elected to the ARS.
In 2017 he founded the Sicilia Vera movement, which will make an agreement with the UDC in view of the Sicilian regional elections of 5 November 2017: De Luca is re-elected member of the ARS among the ranks of the Union of the Center.
Three days after the elections, on 8 November, he was arrested on charges of tax evasion. Under house arrest, this conviction is subsequently revoked and replaced by an interdictive measure of the prohibition to hold top positions in the bodies involved in the investigation.
Mayor of Messina
In 2018 he was a candidate for mayor of Messina in view of the administrative with the support of six centrist civic lists. He was elected to the ballot on 24 June with 65.28% of the votes, beating the centre-right candidate Placido Bramanti.
References
1972 births
Living people
20th-century Italian politicians
Mayors of Messina
21st-century Italian politicians
Isak Öhrström (born 26 November 1990) is a Swedish slalom canoeist and an Olympian who has competed since 2006.
In 2008 as a junior he made it to the final at the World Championships in the Czech Republic. He also finished 4th at the Youth Olympic Games in Sydney 2009 after winning the semifinal.
In Brazil 2016 he became the first Swedish athlete in history to compete in the Olympic Games in Canoe Slalom. He finished in 15th place in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
At the World Championships in Spain 2019 he qualified a nation quota for the Tokyo Olympic Games for Sweden.
On the first ever race on the venue that will hold the Tokyo Olympic Games he finished in 5th place.
Isak has been in several World Cup finals, including Prague 2015, Tacen 2016 and Tacen 2020 where he took the first ever world cup medal for Sweden with a gold.
He has also won a number of races in the World Ranking Series organised by the International Canoe Federation.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Swedish male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Sweden
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Vidhi Kasliwal is an Indian film director and producer, who is the founder and CEO of Landmarc Films.
She has worked for Rajshri Productions, where she wrote and produced documentaries, and worked as an assistant to directors Sooraj R. Barjatya and Kaushik Ghatak.
Early life and education
Kasliwal grew up in Mumbai, the eldest of four siblings. She went to Villa Theresa High School. She has a B.Com. from Sydenham College of Commerce and Economics, and went through the Creative Producer's Program at the UCLA Film School.
She plays the santoor and the piano, and she is a trained kathak dancer.
Career
Kasliwal worked as an assistant at Rajshri Productions, and was part of the crew for Vivah (2006) and Ek Vivaah... Aisa Bhi (2008). She wrote and directed Isi Life Mein...!, a film produced by Rajshri Productions, which was released in 2010.
She has also produced the 2014 Marathi film Sanngto Aika starring Sachin Pilgaonkar, the documentary Block by Block, about the lives of building workers at one of the biggest construction sites in India, and the corporate film Building For The Future about the next generation architecture and engineering in India.
She was the producer and director of the 2018 documentary Vidyoday about a Digambar Jain monk.
The Marathi film Vazandar directed by Sachin Kundalkar, was produced by her own company Landmarc Films. Other projects include Ringan (2017), Gachchi (2017), and Redu (2018)
References
Indian women film producers
Film producers from Mumbai
Indian women filmmakers
Hindi film producers
1981 births
Living people
Fruid Water is a river in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland. The valley it occupies has been dammed to form the Fruid Reservoir. The river is a tributary of the Tweed, with a confluence about 2 km upstream of Tweedsmuir. The river has a catchment area of 23.7 km2, and a mean flow rate of 0.66 cubic metres per second leaving the reservoir.
References
Rivers of the Scottish Borders
Tributaries of the River Tweed
1Fruid
Robert Pugh (1610–1679) was a Welsh Jesuit priest and controversialist.
Life
He was one of the several sons of Philip Pugh of Penrhyn, in the parish of Eglwys-Ross, Carnarvonshire. His elder brother, Richard, born in 1607, entered the English College at Valladolid under the alias of Bartholomew Phillips in 1626, was ordained there in 1633, entered the Society of Jesus, and died on the mission in Wales about 1645. A younger brother, John, born 1620, who also used the alias of Phillips, was ordained priest at the English College at Rome, but died in 1645 before he left the college.
Robert Pugh was educated at the College of St. Omer, under the name of Phillips. He entered the Society of Jesus, but in 1645 left it. Anthony à Wood says that he was dismissed the Society for accompanying the royalist army of the First English Civil War without the consent of his superiors. After its defeat he studied and became doctor of civil and canon law, probably at the University of Paris.
In 1655 the pope made him protonotarius apostolicus and he became one of Queen Henrietta Maria's chaplains. At this period, and despite his dismissal from the Society of Jesus, he was its strenuous defender. He was the most prominent opponent of Thomas White and "Blackloism", in other words appeasement of the regime of Oliver Cromwell. He also wrote against the authority claimed by the Old Chapter. He had a better Latin style than Thomas White alias Blacklow, but had less ecclesiastical learning.
After the Restoration of 1660 he resided with the William Herbert, 1st Marquess of Powis, sometimes in London, and more frequently at Redcastle, in Wales. During the persecution of Catholics at the time of the Popish Plot, whilst paying a visit to some of the Catholic gentry confined in Newgate Prison, he was betrayed, and himself detained a prisoner. He died of disease in Newgate on 22 January 1679, aged 69. He was interred in the burial-ground attached to Christ Church, near Newgate.
Henry Foley rather confuses him with the Scottish Oratorian, Fr. Robert Phillip.
Works
De retinenda cleri Anglicani in sedem Apostolicam observantia. Parisiis, 1659, 4to.
Elenchus Elenchi ; sive Animadversiones in Georgii Batei, Cromwelli parricida: aliquando protomedici, Elenchum motuum nuperorum in Anglia. Parisiis, 1664, 8vo.
An anonymous writer attributed to his pen Lord Castlemaine's " Catholic Apology," 1666.
Of the several states and governments that have been in England since 1642, MS. in Lord Castlemain's possession in Wood's time.
Amuletum Excantationis. (?), 1670, 8vo, in rejoinder to White's "Monumetham."
Blacklo's Cabal, discovered in several of their Letters, clearly expressing designs inhuman against Regulars, unjust against the Laity, schismatical against the Pope, cruel against orthodox Clergymen, and owning the nullity of the chapter, their opposition to Episcopal Authority. Second Edition, s.l., 1680, 4to, pp. 126, vide under Hen. Holden, vol. iii. 338, No. 14.
A Latin ode which Wood says he had seen.
Barthoniensium et Aquisgranensium Thermarum Comparatio, rebus adjunctis illustratis. Lond. 1676, 12mo, written by way of Epistle to his patron Lord Castlemain, dated " Bathe, 7 Kal. Aug. 1675."
References
Philip Bliss (editor), Wood's Athenae Oxonienses iii., iv.;
Charles Dodd, Church History, iii. 288;
Henry Foley, Records S.J., v., vi., vii.;
Valladolid Diary, MS.
Notes
Sources
Public domain text by Joseph Gillow from A literary and biographical history, or bibliographical dictionary, of the English Catholics from the breach with Rome, in 1534, to the present time (1885), online text.
1610 births
1679 deaths
17th-century Welsh Roman Catholic priests
17th-century Welsh Jesuits
Former Jesuits
Tilkiler Cave, a.k.a. Tilkiler Sinkhole, ( a.k.a. Tilkiler Düdeni) is a cave located in Manavgat district of Antalya in southern Turkey. It is named after the nearby village Tilkiler.
It is situated east of Tilkiler village and about northwest of Oymapınar Dam at above sea level. The distance from Manavgat is about . Tilkiler Cave was discovered in 1976 during the preparatory construction works at Oymapınar Dam while excavating an injection gallery. The horizontal developed cave has a length of and is deep. It is the country's third longest one.
The cave was constituted in the Miocene conglomerate rock formation. It is also partly formed in limestone. These characteristics make it valuable for scientific research. The ponds inside the cave are at different elevations. Water level varies between summer and winter ranging between . The cave floods in springtime. A few kilometers from the entrance, there is a hall, where the ground is completely covered with sand. In 1977, French speleologists built four small sand castles there that gave the hall the name "Hall of Castles". It was observed 27 years later that the sand castles were still intact.
References
Caves of Turkey
Caves of Antalya Province
Manavgat District
Wild caves
Musese Airport is a grass airstrip running alongside the N20 road at the hamlet of Musese, about southeast of Luebo, in Kasaï Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
See also
Transport in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
List of airports in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
External links
OpenStreetMap - Musese
FallingRain - Musese Airport
HERE Maps - Musese
OurAirports - Musese
Airports in Kasaï Province
Ugryumovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2002.
Geography
Ugryumovskaya is located 69 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zakharovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Anthoston is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Henderson County, Kentucky, United States. It is south of Henderson, the county seat, between U.S. Route 41 to the west and Interstate 69, the former Pennyrile Parkway, to the east. There is no direct access to it from I-69.
Anthoston Had a radio station that went on the air in 1970 WAUZ At 103.1MHz FM Later became WBIC, WHKC and WGBF-FM. Their tower and transmitter were moved to the present location in 1987.
Anthoston was first listed as a CDP in 2014, so no census population figures are available for it.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Henderson County, Kentucky
Census-designated places in Kentucky
Dounia Tazi, known mononymously as Dounia, is a Moroccan-American singer, songwriter and model. She rose to prominence as a model. She began releasing music commercially in 2017. Her first commercial EP, Intro To, was independently released on October 20, 2017. This was followed by her second EP, The Avant-Garden, released on November 30, 2018, through Empire Distribution and her third EP, NOT GOOD FOR THE EGO, released on May 24, 2019. Her debut album, The Scandal, was released July 17, 2019, preceded by the single "Delightful".
Early life
Dounia Tazi was born on March 31, 1997. It is unclear as to whether she was born in Queens, New York or Morocco. She was sent to Morocco as a baby while her mother stayed in Queens for work. She returned to Queens at the age of 8 and taught herself English by reading books from the local library. Although Tazi grew up playing guitar, she was not exposed to much music in her youth due to her upbringing in a "strict Muslim household", which inspired her to seek out music that she enjoyed during her time in high school. This exploration of music led her to begin writing and recording music of her own, resulting in the release of a diss track about a boy she dated, which she posted to SoundCloud. Tazi began thrifting in high school and started a body-positive Instagram account to model her outfits. After flunking out of high school, she worked for a short time at an American Apparel store.
Career
Tazi began modeling when she received an offer to be part of a Forever 21 campaign. She gained wider notice after modeling for other brands, such as Sephora and Refinery29, and built an Instagram following of over 200,000 for her unique focus on body-positivity. She subsequently used her modeling gigs to fund a career in music, taking advantage of her online connections to find a manager and begin producing music. During her time as a model, she had always planned to transition into music. Tazi's first commercial single, "East Coast Hiding" was released independently in January 2017, followed by "Shyne," which was released in March through an exclusive article on The Fader. Her debut, 8-track EP, Intro To, was released in partnership with Empire Distribution on October 20, 2017. Upon release of the EP, Time highlighted Tazi's "dreamy brand of rap-singing over vibey, rolling beats, it's a confident alt R&B sound that explores the challenges of overcoming the grind through its honest, Queens-inflected poetry." The EP charted in the top 10 of the iTunes R&B Chart. An official music video for the track "So Cool", directed by Barbie Ferreira in her directorial debut, was released in March 2018. In July 2018, Dounia was a featured singer on two tracks, "WF001" and "Untitled", from Queens rap crew World's Fair's debut album New Lows.
"Avante-Garde", the lead single from Tazi's sophomore EP, was released in June 2018 with an official music video. The second single, "How I See It", was released in August 2018 alongside a self-directed and self-edited music video. In September 2018, Tazi was a featured vocalist on Supa Bwe's track "Entropy", produced by Shepard Sounds. A stand-alone single "Everything's a Joke", featuring production by Breakfast N Vegas, was released on September 28. In late October, Dounia performed as the opening act for French artist Christine and the Queens on several tour dates across North America, including sold-out shows in New York and Los Angeles. On November 15, 2018, Tazi was featured with electro-pop trio SHAED at Billboards "Industry Nights" talent showcase, where she performed the songs "How I See It", "Avant-Garde", and "East Coast Hiding", among others. A music video for the third single "Rich Girl Mood", directed by Tired Studio Production and guest-starring featured singer Kehlani, was released in advance of the EP on November 28. The Avant-Garden, Tazi's second commercial EP, was released on November 30, 2018, through Empire Distribution.
In March 2019, Tazi released two singles, "ROYAL" and "LOWKEY GRL". "LOWKEY GRL" features Moroccan Doll, a moniker meant to represent Tazi's alter ego, who raps verses in Darija and represents a "little, unconventional Moroccan Girl". Also in March, she was featured alongside Shakka on "Run Tings", the lead single from English DJ ROMderful's debut album, Press L to Continue. Tazi's third EP, NOT GOOD FOR THE EGO, was released May 21, 2019 and contains 4 tracks, including the lead single "TOXIC", which Prelude Press noted for its fusion of Pop, Soul, and R&B, with "sharp, sassy, and unapologetic lyrical content". In spring of 2019, Dounia was a featured performer at numerous music festivals across the United States, including BUKU Music + Art Project, SunFest, and Soundset Music Festival. Her debut album, The Scandal, was released on July 17, 2019, and features new tracks as well as those featured on Not Good for the Ego. Dounia stated that the album's themes will move away from glamorizing a party lifestyle and move towards promoting spirituality and positive ways of coping. The album was preceded by the single "Delightful", which became available for streaming and download alongside the album's pre-order. Previous singles "Royal", "Lowkey Grl", and "Toxic" were included on the album, in addition to the track "Up 4 Air" from Not Good for the Ego. In continuation of her festival circuit, Tazi performed at Diplo's Mad City Festival on July 20 and is scheduled to perform at Rolling Loud Bay Area on September 28.
Dounia was a featured performer on Marian Hill's single "Take A Number", released with its music video on August 23, 2019.
Personal life
Dounia is Muslim and openly bisexual.
Discography
Studio albums
EPs
SinglesAs lead artistAs featured artist'
Other appearances
References
Living people
1997 births
American activists
American actresses
21st-century Moroccan women singers
American female models
American women singer-songwriters
Moroccan activists
Moroccan actresses
Moroccan female models
Moroccan songwriters
LGBT people from Morocco
LGBT singers from the United States
LGBT songwriters
LGBT models
Moroccan emigrants to the United States
21st-century LGBT people
21st-century American women singers
21st-century American singers
The Church of St. Anthony of Padua is a Roman Catholic parish church under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Penang located in the town of Teluk Intan, Perak, Malaysia.
History
The origin of the church dates back to 1894 when the French missionary priest, Rev. Father René-Michel-Marie Fée, MEP acquired a piece of land and built an attap roofed wooden chapel as part of the larger Parish of South Perak which included Tapah. The chapel was dedicated to St. Anthony of Padua.
The Rev. Father Fée was elevated to become the Bishop of Malacca in 1896 and was succeeded by the Rev. Father Louis Perrichon who ministered to the scattered Roman Catholic communities along the Tapah - Kuala Kubu Baru road. In 1910, a presbytery was built in the compound of the chapel during the watch of the sixth parish priest, the Rev. Father Donat Perrissoud, who also extended his pastoral ministry to the townships of Lumut and Sitiawan.
In 1914, the original wood and attap chapel was destroyed in a fire. Funds amounting to 70,000 Straits dollars was successfully raised and work begun on the building of a new church with the foundation stone laid on 7 May 1922. The new church building was consecrated on 6 May 1923 by Bishop Jean-Marie Mérel, Vicar-Apostolic Emeritus of Canton.
Today, weekly masses are held in Tamil and English while masses in Mandarin and Malay are held once a month.
Pastors
The following have served as pastors of the parish since its formation in 1894:
St. Anthony's School
The tenth parish priest, the Rev. Father Michel Bonamy, established a school known as St. Anthony's School in a wooden hut adjacent to the church. His successor, the Rev. Father John Edmond, acquired a piece of land opposite the church for the school and the first block of six classrooms was built on this land and officially opened by the British Resident of Perak, Marcus Rex, on 27 January 1941.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Malaysia
Christianity in Malaysia
References
External links
St. Anthony's Church, Teluk Intan
Diocese of Penang - Church of St. Anthony, Teluk Intan
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Malaysia
Churches in Perak
Roman Catholic churches in Malaysia
Teluk Intan
José Eugenio Tello (November 14, 1849 – November 30, 1924) was an Argentine politician that governed the provinces of Jujuy, Chubut, and Río Negro.
Tello was born in San Salvador de Jujuy, Argentina. He was the son of José Tello, a Spanish businessman born in Zamora, and Josefa Zalazar, an Argentine woman.
He represented a variety of districts in the Jujuy legislature between 1875 and 1883: Ledesma Department from 1875 to 1876, Humahuaca from 1877 to 1878 and again in 1880, and San Pedro de Jujuy in 1879 and again from 1881 to 1883. He ultimately became president of the legislature, and then was elected governor of the province. From 1886 to 1895, he served as a senator for Jujuy in the national legislature. Then, from 1895 to 1898, he served as governor of Chubut (then a national territory). In 1897, he went to the Genoa Valley to put down a rebellion commanded by the cacique Salpul. A year later, he left Chubut territory and became governor of Río Negro territory, a post he held until 1905.
He died in 1924 in Buenos Aires, where he lived the last years of his life.
References
Governors of Chubut Province
People from Jujuy Province
Governors of Jujuy Province
Governors of Río Negro Province
Argentine people of Spanish descent
Members of the Argentine Senate for Jujuy
1849 births
1924 deaths
Anderson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 23,852. Its county seat is Lawrenceburg. The county was formed in 1827 and named for Richard Clough Anderson Jr., a Kentucky legislator, U.S. Congressman and Minister to Colombia. Anderson County is part of the Frankfort, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Lexington-Fayette-Richmond-Frankfort, KY Combined Statistical Area.
History
Anderson County was established in 1827 from land given by Franklin, Mercer, and Washington counties.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water. The county is in the heart of the Kentucky Bluegrass region along the Kentucky River.
Adjacent counties
Franklin County (north)
Woodford County (east)
Mercer County (southeast)
Washington County (south)
Nelson County (southwest)
Spencer County (west)
Shelby County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2020, there were 23,852 people, 9,539 housing units, and 8,694 households with an average family size of 2.57 per household residing in the county. The population density was 106.1 per square mile (36/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.10% White, 2.10% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.17% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. 1.9% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,694 households, of which 33.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were married couples living together, 27.1% had a female householder with no husband present. 32.79% of all households were made up of individuals without children, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.03.
Age distribution was 23.5% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 15 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.4 years and the population is estimated to be 51% Female and 49% Male.
The median household income was $55,334, and the median family income was $67,681. Males had a median full-time income of $47,027 versus $38,894 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,250. About 12.2% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.8% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Voter Registration
Statewide Elections
Communities
Alton
Ballard
Glensboro
Lawrenceburg
McBrayer
Stringtown
Tyrone
Ghost towns
Ripyville
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Anderson County, Kentucky
References
1827 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1827
Kentucky counties
Frankfort, Kentucky micropolitan area
John Barrowman is the self-titled third studio album by musician and actor, John Barrowman. Released on 1 March 2010, the album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 11. This was the highest chart rating of any of Barrowman's albums to date.
Track listing
References
2010 albums
Covers albums
A shell room may refer to:
Shell grotto – an early modern decorative folly
The Shell Room at Woburn Abbey in England
Magazine (artillery)#Naval magazines – a room for military ammunition, especially naval
Saint Francis Catholic Academy is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Gainesville, Florida. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of St. Augustine.
History
In 1999, the Dioceses High School Task Force found room for expansion in the Gainesville area, and so St. Francis Catholic High School opened on August 16, 2004, to serve the growing population. In 2016, St. Francis dropped the "high school" moniker and changed its name to Saint Francis Catholic Academy.
Notes and references
External links
School Website
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Education in Gainesville, Florida
Educational institutions established in 2004
High schools in Alachua County, Florida
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Augustine
2004 establishments in Florida
The Paris 1900 chess tournament was an event held in conjunction with the Exposition Universelle (1900), one of the world's most notable fairs or exhibitions and designated a "World Exposition" by the Bureau of International Expositions. Major international chess tournaments were also held at six other expositions: London 1851, London 1862, Paris 1867, Vienna 1873, Philadelphia 1876 and Paris 1878. No chess events of significance accompanied, for instance, the Exposition Universelle (1889) in Paris or the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893.
The tournament of 1900 was played in the Grand Cercle, Paris, from May 17 to June 20, 1900.
The results and standings:
{|class="wikitable"
! # !! Player !! 1 !! 2 !! 3 !! 4 !! 5 !! 6 !! 7 !! 8 !! 9 !! 10 !! 11 !! 12 !! 13 !! 14 !! 15 !! 16 !! 17 !! Total
|-
|1 || ||* ||1 ||0 ||1 ||1 ||½ ||1 ||W ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 14½
|-
|2 || || 0 ||* ||0 ||1 ||0 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||W ||½ ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 12½
|-
|3 || || 1 ||1 ||* ||0 ||1 ||½ ||½ ||1 ||1 ||0 ||0 ||1 ||W ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 12
|-
|4 || || 0 ||0 ||1 ||* ||0 ||½ ||½ ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||W ||W ||1 ||1 ||1 || 12
|-
|5 || || 0 ||1 ||0 ||1 ||* ||L ||1 ||L ||1 ||0 ||1 ||W ||+ ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 11
|-
|6 || || ½ ||0 ||½ ||½ ||W ||* ||0 ||1 ||0 ||0 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 10½
|-
|7 || || 0 ||0 ||½ ||½ ||0 ||1 ||* ||0 ||L ||W ||1 ||1 ||W ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 10
|-
|8 || || L ||0 ||0 ||0 ||W ||0 ||1 ||* ||1 ||1 ||0 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 10
|-
|9 || || 0 ||L ||0 ||0 ||0 ||1 ||W ||0 ||* ||1 ||1 ||W ||1 ||1 ||W ||W ||1 || 10
|-
|10 || || 0 ||½ ||1 ||0 ||1 ||1 ||L ||0 ||0 ||* ||0 ||½ ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 9
|-
|11 || || 0 ||0 ||1 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||1 ||0 ||1 ||* ||W ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 ||1 || 9
|-
|12 || || 0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||L ||0 ||0 ||0 ||L ||½ ||L ||* ||1 ||L ||W ||1 ||W || 4½
|-
|13 || || 0 ||0 ||L ||L ||– ||0 ||L ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||* ||W ||1 ||1 ||1 || 4
|-
|14 || || 0 ||0 ||0 ||L ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||W ||L ||* ||0 ||W ||W || 3
|-
|15 || || 0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||L ||0 ||0 ||L ||0 ||1 ||* ||0 ||1 || 2
|-
|16 || || 0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||L ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||L ||1 ||* ||0 || 1
|-
|17 || || 0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||0 ||L ||0 ||L ||0 ||1 ||* || 1
|}
Legend:
W (draw and win = 1 point),
½ (two draws = ½),
L (draw and loss = 0 point),
+ (forfeit win = 1 point),
– (forfeit loss = 0 point).
The prizes winners were Lasker (5000 F), Pillsbury (2500 F), Maróczy and Marshall (1750 F) each, Burn (1500 F), Chigorin (1000 F), Marco and Mieses (300 F) each. Schlechter tied for 7–9th but won fewer games and received no prize money. The top four also won Sèvres vases. Mieses won the Brilliancy Prize with his favourite Vienna Game against Janowski.
Samuel Rosenthal wrote the tournament book. A tradition of world fairs and chess tournaments had ended.
See also
1900 Summer Olympics
References
Chess competitions
1900 in chess
Chess in Paris
1900 in French sport
chess tournament
Phtheochroa aarviki is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Kenya.
Larvae have been reared on the fruit of Bothriocline species.
References
Endemic moths of Kenya
Moths described in 2012
Phtheochroa
Marquette University High School (MUHS) is a private, all-male, Jesuit, Roman Catholic school located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is accredited by the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement (NCA CASI), an accreditation division of AdvancED, and is a member of both the National Catholic Educational Association and the Jesuit Schools Network.
History
Founded as St. Aloysius Academy in 1857 on 2nd and Michigan St, the institution was renamed to St. Gall's Academy and moved location in 1864. The institution became Marquette College in 1881 when a new school was opened on 10th and State St, on the top of a hill. The hilltop location gave rise to the nickname and mascot: the Hilltoppers.
In 1907 Marquette College became Marquette University and formally separated from Marquette Academy. In 1922 Marquette Academy became Marquette University High School, and the campus at its current location was completed in 1925.
Campus
Marquette University High School is located at 3401 W. Wisconsin Avenue in the Merrill Park Neighborhood on Milwaukee's west side. It is a four-story building built in the early 20th century. In 1961, the gym and cafeteria addition was added. The Gordon Henke Center was completed in 1994 which included a new main entrance on W. Michigan St. In 2008, the attached Jesuit residence was demolished to make way for a 1 story administrative and fine arts addition. Another 2 stories was built on top in 2016 creating 3 stories adjacent to the original 1925 building. In addition to the new classrooms, an atrium and expansion to the Henke entrance was added.
The Hilltoppers' home field for soccer and track is Quad/Park, located a few blocks away adjacent to Merrill Park. It was donated by former MUHS graduate Harry Quadracci ('54), in 1998. The site was formerly occupied by Marquette Stadium, which opened in 1924 and was demolished in 1976.
Athletics
Nicknamed the "Hilltoppers", MUHS teams compete in the Greater Metro Conference of the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association (WIAA) for most sports. Prior to 1999, MUHS competed in the now defunct Wisconsin Independent Schools Athletics Association (WISAA). The school fields teams in baseball, basketball, cross-country running, downhill skiing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby union, soccer, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling.
MUHS teams have won 28 WIAA state titles in soccer, volleyball, tennis, baseball, and football, as well as the lacrosse team's 2010 and 2013 WLF state championships. In the summers of 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011 the Hilltoppers were ranked #1 in the state for overall boys' athletics by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. In the program's history, the Hilltoppers have won over 130 State Championships.
Basketball
The basketball team was 84–29 in five seasons from 1997 to 2002. The team won the 1999 Greater Metro Conference and WISAA Division I State Boys Basketball Championships, when the Hilltoppers went 21–3 and defeated Dominican High School in the championship game. The basketball team also won Greater Metro conference championships in the 1997–98 and 1999–2000 seasons. In 2010, the Hilltopper basketball team made it to the WIAA Division I state semifinals, before losing to eventual champion Arrowhead. In 2016, The Hilltoppers made another run in the post season, eventually being defeated to Muskego in the WIAA Division I state semifinals.
Cross-country
The MUHS cross-country team has won the Greater Metro Conference meet 8 of the last 9 years, and took third at both the 2007 and 2008 WIAA state meets, as well as second in 2009, 2010, and 2020.
Football
Marquette has a football team that dates back to 1907, playing in over 1,000 games. Over that time, Marquette has won 701 games, 40 conference titles and 9 state titles. Their most successful coach, Dick Basham, coached Marquette for 38 seasons and 42% of its 1,000 games. In 2009 (his last season), the Hilltoppers went 14-0 to win their most recent WIAA Division 1 state title. The team currently has a partnership with ESPN Milwaukee Radio for all home and away games. Marquette football is the most winningest high school football program in the state, with more than 140 more wins than the second place team.
Lacrosse
The MUHS lacrosse team has competed in the state tournament five times since its creation in Spring 2003 and won its first state title in 2010, which completed an undefeated season in Wisconsin. The lacrosse team annually competes against other Jesuit schools from around the United States, traveling to Indianapolis every spring where Jesuit teams from across the Midwest compete. In 2013, the MUHS lacrosse team won its second state title, with another undefeated season in Wisconsin.
Soccer
Since 1973, the soccer program has won 24 state championships and tied a national record of 10 straight state championships from 1994 to 2003. The Hilltoppers were ranked #1 in the country by the National Soccer Coaches Association of America in 1999 and in 2003. The 2011 soccer team finished the season with an undefeated record of 24–0–1 and were ranked 4th in the US by the NSCAA and 3rd by ESPN. In 1996 and 2011 the soccer coach, Bob Spielmann and Steve Lawrence, respectively, were selected as National High School Coach of the Year.
In 2012, the Hilltoppers won the state championship, defeating Kettle Moraine High School, 2–1. In 2014, the Hilltoppers once again won a state title by beating Menomonee Falls 4–1. Throughout the 2010's, they won 8 out of 10 possible state championships. The two years they did not win came in 2013 and 2019. The loss in 2019 broke a streak of 5 straight state championships. The state title has gone on to be won in 2020 and 2021.
Co-Curriculars
FIRST Robotics
FIRST Robotics Competition Team 1732 - Hilltopper Robotics was founded in 2006 under the leadership of John Wanninger, who was a recipient of the Woodie Flowers Award in 2008. The team is co-ed, welcoming students from Divine Savior Holy Angels High School. A total of 7 regionals have been won by the team, with regional wins in 2022, 2017, 2014, 2013, and 2010. The Chairman's Award, the most prestigious award in FIRST was won 2 times, in 2012 and 2014. The team qualified for the FIRST Championship 11 times, with championship division playoffs reached several times.
Science Olympiad
Started in 2015, the Science Olympiad program won the state tournament in 2021 and 2022, and placed 1st in the region 4 times in 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2022. At the national tournament in 2022, the team ranked 4th nationwide.
Notable alumni and faculty
Tom Barrett, Mayor of Milwaukee
Robert J. Beck, Associate Professor of Political Science at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee
Gene Berce, NBA player
Charlie Berens, comedian and host of "Manitowoc Minute"
Dick Bilda, former Green Bay Packer
Peter Bock, former Wisconsin State Assembly
Peter Bonerz, actor, director; The Bob Newhart Show (1972 - '76) and others
James B. Brennan, Wisconsin State Senator and U.S. Attorney
Terry Brennan, Notre Dame running back (1946–1949) and coach (1954–1958)
Jeff Bridich, baseball player and executive
John C. Brophy, a former member of the House of Representatives
James L. Callan, Wisconsin State Senator
David A. Clarke Jr, Sheriff of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin
John T. Chisholm, District Attorney of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin
John Louis Coffey, judge
Robert G. Dela Hunt, former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
John R. Devitt, former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Thomas J. Duffey, former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Joseph "Red" Dunn, former member of the Green Bay Packers and inductee in the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame
James Fenelon, former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Gary George, former member of the Wisconsin State Senate
Scott Klement, computer scientist
Scott L. Klug, former U.S. Representative
Ira Madison III, television writer and podcaster
Rick Majerus, former head men's basketball coach at Saint Louis University
E. Michael McCann, former District Attorney of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin
Alfred "Allie" McGuire, professional basketball player and son of Al McGuire
Thomas W. Meaux, former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
John L. Merkt, member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Albert Gregory Meyer, Cardinal Archbishop of Chicago (1958–1965)
Jake Moreland, former NFL player
John E. Naus, dean of students and associate professor at Marquette University
Pat O'Brien, actor
Edward J. O'Donnell, S.J., President of Marquette University (1948–1962)
Dare Ogunbowale, NFL player with the Jacksonville Jaguars
John E. Reilly Jr., member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and judge
Richard M. Rice, member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and attorney
Ervin J. Ryczek, member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and funeral director
Dan Schutte, Catholic composer and author. Here I am, Lord, City of God, Sing a New Song
John G. Schmitz, Republican congressman from California, and father of Mary Kay Letourneau.
Harold V. Schoenecker, Wisconsin State Senator 1939-1943, Attorney
John Sisk Jr., American football player
Fred R. Sloan, U.S. Air National Guard Major General
Midori Snyder, fantasy and science fiction writer, taught at MUHS
Tom Snyder, radio and television personality
Spencer Tracy, actor
James Tynion IV, comic book writer
See also
List of Jesuit sites
References
External links
Marquette University High School
Webster Club - Debate, Forensics, & Mock Trial
Hilltopper Robotics
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee
High schools in Milwaukee
Boys' schools in the United States
Jesuit high schools in the United States
Catholic secondary schools in Wisconsin
Greater Metro Conference
Educational institutions established in 1857
1857 establishments in Wisconsin
Barbara K Hodges (née Webber) (1893–1949) was an English novelist who wrote under the pseudonym Elizabeth Cambridge. The daughter of Dr H. W. Webber, she was born in Rickmansworth in Hertfordshire. She spent her childhood in Plymouth and Westgate-on-Sea, and then attended Les Marrioniers finishing school in Paris. Barbara published her first set of short stories at the age of 17.
In 1914, she worked as a Voluntary Aid Detachment nurse before marrying Dr. G. M. Hodges. The couple lived in Deddington and had two sons and a daughter. In 1930 she began writing again and Hostages to Fortune was published in 1933 (reprinted in 2003 by Persephone Books). She wrote five more novels between 1934 and 1940.
References
External links
Author profile at Persephone Books
Hostages to Fortune at Persephone Books
1893 births
1949 deaths
English women novelists
Pseudonymous women writers
20th-century English novelists
20th-century English women writers
Writers from Plymouth, Devon
People from Westgate-on-Sea
20th-century pseudonymous writers
Lost in Shangri-La (2011) is a non-fiction book by American author Mitchell Zuckoff about a US military airplane called "The Gremlin Special", which crashed on May 13, 1945 in Netherlands New Guinea, and the subsequent rescue of the survivors. Because it involved a female WAC Corporal lost in the jungle with "savages", the public became keenly interested in following the story. It was written about in the November 1945 issue of Reader's Digest magazine, and many other press channels. In 2011 Zuckoff published a modern retelling based on interviews with surviving Americans and New Guineans, and other previously unpublished information.
Background
The airplane started from Hollandia in Netherlands New Guinea (at the time part of Netherlands Indies, nowadays Indonesia) as a pleasure flight over a remote valley in New Guinea with 24 passengers, but only three people survived the crash: WAC corporal Margaret Hastings, sergeant Kenneth Decker and lieutenant John McCollom. They were later rescued by paratroopers who carried them out in gliders.
The name "Shangri-La" was given by the press, lifted from the 1933 novel Lost Horizon. The "Gremlin" in the plane's name was borrowed from the myth of Gremlins, which are often associated to mishaps and mechanical troubles of airplanes.
Awards and honors
2011 Salon Book Award (Non-fiction)
Editions
Mitchell Zuckoff. Lost in Shangri-La: A True Story of Survival, Adventure, and the Most Incredible Rescue Mission of World War II, Harper (April 26, 2011).
References
1945 short stories
2011 books
Polton may refer to:
Polton, a village in Scotland
Polton (record label), a Polish record label
Thomas Polton (?-1433), a British bishop
Maria Rosa was a Capuchin nun from Madrid, Spain. She left Spain in 1712 with four other founding nuns to Lima, Peru to establish a new Capuchin convent. She was an example of the early modern women who were a part of the expansion of the Atlantic world. Her documentation of her journey is the oldest known travel document written by a woman. It was very atypical for a woman to be literate much less travel to the new world. During the Council of Trent, nuns were strictly enclosed within the walls of their convents. The only exception to this being for the founding of new convents. Her account of her journey is a valuable insight to a pious woman's interpretation of the world outside of the cloistered walls of a covenant and proof that a woman, particularly one tied down by a strict Catholic council, had a burning spirit of mission with “equal flame” to those of so many men in Catholic Europe.
Biography
Not much is known about María. She was born in Madrid on January 14, 1660. Her parents were Joseph de Leon y Ayala and Estefania Muñoz. Her given name was Josepha de Leon y Ayala but changed it to Maria Rosa when she became a nun. This was a customary practice. She entered the Capuchin covenant at the age of seventeen in 1677. She was appointed first mother abbess of the new convent to be founded in Lima. Because of this, she left Spain never to return again in 1712 with four other founding nuns. She documented her whole journey almost day by day to leave her account for both her original convent back in Madrid and the new one in Lima. One month before her death, she stepped down from her position and her co-founder, María Gertrudis was elected abbess. She passed away August 14, 1716 at the age of fifty-six.
Journey
María Rosa's journey across the Atlantic ocean was full of remarkable adventures and adversities. Her account of it was so incredibly important because it was the first known travel document written by a woman.
The need for a new convent in Lima came from the efforts of a group of religious lay women who were living together to become Capuchin nuns. The Capuchin order in Madrid was selected to send five nuns to found the new nunnery. The five original founders were:Madre María Rosa (abbess), Madre Maria Estefania (vicaress), Madre Maria Gertrud's (turn keeper), Madre Maria Bernarda (novice mistress) and Madre Josepha Victoria (council member). Journey took total of three years; it was delayed on Iberian Peninsula for two of those years when they were captured by the Dutch enemy. Their journey was incredibly dangerous due to the Spanish War of Succession that was underway at the time making a long, traitorous trip like theirs that much more difficult. The nuns were likely exposed to ideas and books about New World during their imprisonment in the Iberian Peninsula. A “tapestry of influences” in María's manuscripts is evident, this was probably due to other documented accounts of similar travels found and available for reading in different convents she may have stayed in during her pilgrimage to the new world. Maria Rosa took it upon herself to chronicle daily events of their travels so that their future sisters in Peru and back in Spain could trace the footsteps of their pilgrimage. This manuscript is special because it is read through Maria's narration, and proves that women played and active role in colonial enterprise. Her writing is “lively and multilayered”. It allows for reconsideration of assumptions about early modern religious women. They weren't so bland and tasteless clearly since María's narrative style had personality and sass. Since nuns were mandated to be strictly enclosed in the walls of their convents, with barely any communication to the outside world, Maria's experience was extraordinary and impressive and even more so since she documented it thoroughly. The sophistication of her account is impressive, Maria like most religious women of her time, had only informal mechanisms of education and this was probably only due to the fact that she was a nun and probably born of elite class already prior to joining her convent. But most women were not literate at all at this time. Typically the only women who could were nuns so they were able to read scriptures and teach new incoming sisters how to read and write. Women were often oppressed and silenced when successful which was probably why her writings were never discovered or reverenced as they are today. Sarah Owens found the original manuscripts of María's account in the National Library in Madrid and decided it was a wonderful story of “travel and adventure” that had to be published. Because of this series, María Rosa's experiences are now accessible to scholars, students, and anyone interested in early women's history.
References
Bibliography
Gelbart, Nina Rattner. The King's Midwife: A History and Mystery of Madame Du Coudray. United States: University of California Press, 1999.
Judith M. Bennett... [et al.]. Sisters and Workers in the Middle Ages. Edited by Judith M. Bennett, Elizabeth A. Clark, and Jean F. O'Barr. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1989.
Lavrin, Asunción. “Indoctrination, Conversion, and Belief in the Colonial Iberian World.” Latin American Research Review 46, no. 3 (2011): 181–90. doi:10.1353/lar.2011.0048.
Leonard, Amy. Nails in the Wall: Catholic Nuns in Reformation Germany. United States: University of Chicago Press, 2005.
Maria Rosa, Madre. Journey of Five Capuchin Nuns. 1st ed. Edited by Sarah Owens. Toronto: Iter Inc., 2010.
Perry, Mary Elizabeth E. The Handless Maiden: Moriscos and the Politics of Religion in Early Modern Spain. United States: Princeton University Press, 2005.
Rosa, María. Journey of Five Capuchin Nuns – Scholars Portal Books. 2014. Accessed March 31, 2016. http://books2.scholarsportal.info/viewdoc.html?id=/ebooks/ebooks2/iter/2011-06-22/1/9780772720559-vol1.
http://www.olacapuchins.org
http://www.lucidez.pe/cultura/el-monasterio-capuchino-de-jesus-maria-y-jose-de-lima/
1660 births
1716 deaths
Capuchins
Roman Catholic abbesses
18th-century Roman Catholic nuns
Peruvian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
The 1998 World Group II Play-offs were four ties which involved the losing nations of the World Group II and four nations from the three Zonal Group I competitions. Nations that won their play-off ties entered the 1999 World Group II, while losing nations joined their respective zonal groups.
Australia vs. Argentina
Austria vs. Poland
South Korea vs. Japan
Belarus vs. Venezuela
References
See also
Fed Cup structure
World Group II Play-offs
Khatunarkh may refer to:
Gay, Armenia, formerly Khatunarkh
Nerkin Khatunarkh, Armenia
Aknashen, Armenia, formerly Verin Khatunarkh
The 2015–16 season was the 92nd season in Celta de Vigo's history and the 50th in the top-tier.
Current squad
Out on loan
Competitions
Overall
Overview
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Result round by round
Matches
See also
2015–16 La Liga
References
External links
Club's official website
RC Celta de Vigo seasons
Celta de Vigo
RASTOK (also known as Urban Music Fest RASTOK) is an annual summer music festival on Plateau Rastoke in Jelah, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has been staged annually since 2003, usually on the first weekend of August.
In the beginning the festival was for rock bands, but coverage spread to punk, alternative rock, metal, dub, reggae, ska, jazz and other fusions of urban sound. The festival was held in Jelah under the name Jelah Summer.
Organizers
UMF Rastok Organizer is a united youth organization of young people from Jelah. The festival, organized by activists from JOM and a large number of volunteers, is for mostly young people from Bosnia and Herzegovina and other countries.
History
Rock Festival Rastok 2003
Rock Festival Rastok 2003 was held on the town square in Jelah on 29 and 30 July 2003.
Urban Music Fest Rastok 2006
Urban Music Fest Rastok 2006 was held on the Rastoke plateau, Jelah on 4 and 5 August 2006:
Urban Music Fest Rastok 2008
Urban Music Fest Rastok 2008 was held on the on Rastoke plateau, Jelah on 2 and 3 August 2008:
Urban Music Fest Rastok 2009
Promo Urban Music Fest Rastok 2009 was held on the Sports court in Jelah on 13 July 2009 while Urban Music Fest Rastok 2009 was held on 30 June and 1 August 2009 at the Rastoke Plateu, Jelah.
Urban Music Fest Rastok 2010
Urban Music Fest Rastok 2010 was held on the Rastoke plateau, Jelah on 2 August 2010.
References
External links
Rastok Festival official website
Jedinstvena organizacija mladih - United youth organization
Tourism in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Electronic music festivals in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Summer events in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Sir St John Brodrick, of Midleton (3 December 1627 – January 1711) was an Irish Member of Parliament.
He represented County Cork in the Irish House of Commons from 1692 to 1693 and from 1695 to 1699.
He was the son of Sir Thomas Brodrick, of Wandsworth, by his wife Katherine, daughter of Robert Nicholas, of Manningford Bruce. Through her mother Katherine was granddaughter of Nicholas St John, of Lydiard Tregoze, and first cousin of Sir John St John, 1st Baronet.
By his wife Alice Clayton he was father of (among others):
Thomas Brodrick (1654–1730)
Alan Brodrick, 1st Viscount Midleton (c.1656–1728)
St John Brodrick (1659–1707)
References
leighrayment.com
1627 births
1711 deaths
Politicians from County Cork
Irish MPs 1692–1693
Irish MPs 1695–1699
18th-century Irish people
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Cork constituencies
Dunorlan is a locality and small rural community in the local government area of Meander Valley in the North West region of Tasmania. It is located about south-east of the town of Devonport.
The 2016 census determined a population of 108 for the state suburb of Dunorlan.
History
The locality was named for Dunorlan Park in England, a property that was developed by Henry Reed, an early settler in the district.
Geography
The Mersey River forms part of the south-west boundary.
Road infrastructure
The C163 route (Bengeo Road) enters the locality from the north-east, runs south through the unbounded locality of Bengeo, and exits to the south-east. The C161 route (Dunorlan Road) starts at an intersection with route C163 and runs west across the locality to the village of Dunorlan. Here it turns north and follows the railway line until it exits. The C160 route (Weegena Road) starts at an intersection in the village and runs west until it exits.
References
Localities of Meander Valley Council
Towns in Tasmania
Austwickia chelonae is a species of bacteria from the family of Dermatophilaceae, which has been isolated from a snapping turtle from Perth Western in Australia. Austwickia is named after the botanist Peter K.C. Austwick.
References
Further reading
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 1995
Monotypic bacteria genera
The King Long Kairui (厦门金龙-凯锐浩克) is a commercial and light passenger van capable of seating up to 10 passengers produced by the Chinese manufacturer King Long starting from 2018.
Overview
The King Long Kairui was launched in 2018 with prices ranging from 71,800 to 160,000 yuan. Despite being a front-engined model, parts on the rear half of the King Long Kairui after the B-pillars were shared with the cab-forward King Long Kaige.
Styling is controversial as just as the King Long Kaige, the rear half of the vehicle heavily resembles the Toyota Hiace, while the front fascia of the vehicle is heavily inspired by the Volkswagen Transporter T6.
Powertrain
The King Long Kairui is powered by a 2.0 liter turbo engine developing 215hp and 282N·m and a 2.2 liter naturally aspirated engine developing 112hp and 198N·m. Gearbox options include a 5-speed manual transmission and a 6-speed manual transmission.
References
External links
http://www.kinglongvan.com.cn/vehicle_2.html - King Long Kairui official site.
2010s cars
Cars introduced in 2018
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Minivans
Vans
Minibuses
Vehicles introduced in 2018
Kairui
James Sidney Robinson (October 14, 1827 – January 14, 1892) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He served two terms in Congress from 1881 to 1885.
Early life and career
Born near Mansfield, Ohio, Robinson attended the common schools. As a young man, he acquired the art of printing. He moved to Kenton, Ohio, on December 31, 1845. Entering the newspaper business, he edited and published the Kenton Republican. He was the Chief Clerk of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1856.
Civil War service
At the beginning of the Civil War, he enlisted in the 4th Ohio Infantry on April 17, 1861, and was soon made a captain. He took part in the operations at Rich Mountain in western Virginia and then was promoted to the rank of major in October 1861. He served under Maj. Gen. John C. Frémont in the Shenandoah Valley, and became a lieutenant colonel in April and colonel of the 82nd Ohio Infantry in August 1862. He was engaged at the Cedar Mountain, the Second Battle of Bull Run, and Chancellorsville in XI Corps.
Robinson was severely wounded in his chest at Gettysburg while leading his retreating troops into the borough on the first day of fighting.
After a lengthy recuperation period, Robinson commanded a brigade under Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker and then under Maj. Gen. Alpheus S. Williams in XX Corps. He participated in the 1864 Atlanta Campaign and later in Sherman's March to the Sea. During the Carolinas Campaign, he fought at the Battle of Bentonville. Robinson was commissioned brigadier general of volunteers on January 12, 1865. General Robinson was mustered out of the army on August 31, 1865. On July 9, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Robinson for appointment to the grade of brevet major general of volunteers to rank from March 13, 1865 and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on July 23, 1866.
Postbellum career
After the war, Robinson returned to Ohio and resumed his civilian career. He served as chairman of the Republican State Executive Committee of Ohio 1877–1879. In January 1880, he was appointed as a commissioner of railroads and telegraphs for the state. Robinson was elected as a Republican to the Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Congresses and served from March 4, 1881 to January 12, 1885, when he resigned. He then served as the Secretary of State of Ohio from 1885 to 1889.
James S. Robinson died in Kenton, Ohio, on January 14, 1892. He was interred there in Grove Cemetery.
See also
List of American Civil War generals (Union)
List of Ohio's American Civil War generals
Ohio in the American Civil War
Captain Charles Saalmann (Robinson's Commissary of Subsistence during the Atlanta, Savannah, and Carolinas Campaigns)
Notes
References
Retrieved on 2008-11-01
External links
1827 births
1892 deaths
Secretaries of State of Ohio
Politicians from Mansfield, Ohio
People from Kenton, Ohio
Union Army generals
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
19th-century American newspaper editors
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from Ohio
Burials in Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The 2006 IAAF World Athletics Tour was the first edition of the annual global circuit of one-day track and field competitions organized by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF). The series featured 24 one-day meetings, consisting of the six meetings of the 2006 IAAF Golden League, six IAAF Super Grand Prix meetings, and twelve IAAF Grand Prix meetings. In addition, there were 25 Area Permit Meetings that carried point-scoring events. The series culminated in the two-day 2006 IAAF World Athletics Final, held in Stuttgart, Germany from 9–10 September.
The series replaced the IAAF World Outdoor Meetings series which had launched in 2003. As part of this change, the IAAF Grand Prix II category was dropped in favour of an Area Permit Meeting structure. In comparison to the preceding year's series, the Herculis meet returned to Super Grand Prix status, having hosted the IAAF World Athletics Final for three years. The British Grand Prix, Golden Spike Ostrava and Meeting de Atletismo Madrid all dropped down from Super to regular Grand Prix status. All previous Grand Prix II meetings were dropped from the main series, with the exception of the Melbourne Track Classic which was promoted to Grand Prix status. The Meeting Grand Prix IAAF de Dakar was included as a Grand Prix for the first time. Among other Grand Prix meets, the Meeting Lille-Métropole and Gugl Grand Prix were demoted to Area Permit Meeting and the Gran Premio Diputación was dropped from the circuit entirely.
Meetings
References
2006
World Athletics Tour
The Battle of Saunshi was fought between the Sultanate of Mysore and the Maratha Empire in 1777. Hyder Ali attempted to try to regain his lost territories of Malabar and Coorg from the Marathas and was successful in doing so. Hyder Ali decided to attack the Marathas at Saunshi. Hyder Ali sent his trusted general Muhammad Ali to attack the Maratha garrison stationed at Saunshi. The result of the battle was a decisive victory for Mysore and Hyder Ali against the Maratha forces. Maratha Chief Konher Rao was killed in the battle and Padurang Rao was captured and taken as a prisoner by the Mysore forces.
References
Saunshi
Saunshi
Saunshi
1777 in India
Midnight Dolls (Spanish:Muñecas de medianoche) is a 1979 Mexican erotic drama film directed by Rafael Portillo and starring Jorge Rivero, Isela Vega and Sasha Montenegro.
Cast
Jorge Rivero
Isela Vega
Sasha Montenegro
Carmen Salinas
Rafael Inclán
Andrés Garcia
Manuel 'Loco' Valdés
Alfredo Wally Barrón
Víctor Manuel Castro
Pompín Iglesias
Princesa Lea
Roberto G. Rivera
Irina Areu
Diana Arriaga
Angélica Chain
Enrique Cuenca
Humberto Elizondo
Leandro M. Espinosa
Angélica Fernández
Mayte Gerald
Carolina Magana
Pancho Pantera
Alberto Rojas
Rosella
Gabriela Ríos
Shandira
Rebeca Silva
Armando Silvestre
Alfredo Solares
Alma Thelma
References
Bibliography
Charles Ramírez Berg. Cinema of Solitude: A Critical Study of Mexican Film, 1967-1983. University of Texas Press, 2010.
External links
1979 films
1970s erotic drama films
Mexican erotic drama films
1970s Spanish-language films
Films about prostitution in Mexico
Films directed by Rafael Portillo
1979 drama films
1970s Mexican films
Samuel or Sam Cooper may refer to:
Samuel Cooper (painter) (1609–1672), English miniature painter
Samuel Cooper (clergyman) (1725–1783), Congregationalist minister in Boston, Massachusetts
Samuel Cooper (surgeon) (1780–1848), English surgeon and writer of medical books
Samuel Cooper (general) (1798–1876), U.S. Army officer and senior Confederate general officer
Samuel Cooper (serial killer) (born 1977), American serial killer
Samuel B. Cooper (1850–1918), U.S. Representative from Texas
Sam Cooper (baseball) (born 1897), American baseball player
Sam Cooper (American football) (1909–1998), American football player
Sam Cooper, fictional character on television series Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior
Other uses
Sam Cooper Boulevard, highway in Memphis, Tennessee
Gunnarsbyn is a village located in Boden Municipality, Sweden, at Råne River, 70 km north of Luleå and almost 45 km north of Boden.
References and sources
www.boden.se/
Populated places in Boden Municipality
Norrbotten
is a Japanese manga series written by Kyō Shirodaira and Arihide Sano, and illustrated by Ren Saizaki. It was serialized in Square Enix's Monthly Shōnen Gangan from July 2009 to March 2013, with its chapters collected in ten tankōbon volumes. A 24-episode anime television series adaptation by Bones aired from October 2012 to March 2013. The anime series was licensed by Aniplex of America in North America and by Madman Entertainment in Australia.
Plot
The story revolves around Mahiro Fuwa, a teenage high school student whose younger step-sister Aika (who was also the longtime girlfriend of his childhood friend Yoshino Takigawa) was mysteriously murdered along with their parents one year before. Mahiro is contacted by Hakaze Kusaribe, the leader of the Kusaribe clan who was left stranded on an unknown deserted island by her followers, and agrees to help Hakaze in exchange for her help to find out the culprit responsible for the tragic death of his family. Upon learning of his friend's intentions, Yoshino joins him on his quest to stand up against the rest of the Kusaribe clan who intends to awaken the "Tree of Exodus" whose power can bring ruin to the entire world.
Several dialogues and plot elements in Zetsuen no Tempest pay homage to two works of William Shakespeare, Hamlet and The Tempest, which are two stories about retribution, albeit with completely opposing outcomes.
Characters
Main characters
The main viewpoint character of the series. Yoshino is Mahiro's childhood best friend who joins his quest to stop the Tree of Exodus in exchange for the means to avenge for the death of his family. Just like Mahiro, Yoshino cannot overcome Aika's death as he was her boyfriend, a fact he always kept a secret from Mahiro by her request. Yoshino has a more calm and collected character in contrast to Mahiro's reckless behavior, resorting to manipulation and deceit when needed. At the end of the series, he formalizes his relationship with Hakaze.
Yoshino's setup and behavior includes allusions to Horatio from Hamlet, who is the eponymous protagonist's closest friend and confidant. It also includes allusions to Ariel from The Tempest, who works behind the scenes and serves as the magician's primary means of communication and obtaining information.
A typical high school student and the son of a wealthy entrepreneur, Mahiro is Aika's step-brother and Yoshino's best friend since elementary school. Mahiro's family—consisting of his father, mother, and Aika—were all found dead one year before the beginning of the series. In exchange for help with finding the culprit responsible for killing Aika, Mahiro agrees with Hakaze's plan to stop the resurrection of the Tree of Exodus with Yoshino's help. With little care for the destiny of the world, Mahiro's only desire is to locate and kill the murderer of his family, especially for Aika's sake. Though he is not related to Aika by blood, Mahiro claims he never had any romantic feelings for her, even if his actions imply otherwise.
Mahiro's setup and behavior includes allusions to Prince Hamlet, as just as the main character from Shakespeare's tragedy Hamlet, he is prone to abandon all morals and reason for the sake of exacting his revenge. It also includes allusions to Laertes, the brother of Hamlet's beloved Ophelia who also seeks revenge for the deaths of his father and sister.
Killed one year before, along with her parents, Aika was Mahiro's stepsister and Yoshino's girlfriend who also attended high school at the time of her death. Despite already being dead, both of them are still far from overcoming her loss, with Mahiro determined to avenge her at all costs and Yoshino still claiming he has a lover. Aika is a crucial character along with the main protagonists, it is hinted that she is the one who is the key to many unanswered mysteries surrounding them. It is revealed when Hakaze time travels to a time prior to Aika's death that she was actually the "Magician of Exodus", who, after learning of the future described by Hakaze, decided to take her parents' and her own life to save the world having easily restrained Hakaze who tried to stop her. Her powers were transferred to Megumu Hanemura upon her death.
Aika's character is based on Sycorax, also from The Tempest, which is a deceased character who appears in flashbacks and defines several of the relationships in the play, and Ophelia from Hamlet whose brother gets frenzied by his drive for revenge after her death.
The leader of the Kusaribe Clan also known as the "Magician of Genesis" with the task of protecting the "Tree of Genesis" which is the source of the magic used by her clan. Betrayed by her aide Samon, who intends to halt the Tree of Genesis' advent by having the Tree of Exodus resurrected first, she is left stranded in a barrel by her former comrades which was washed ashore of a desert island. She uses the last remains of her magic to create a pair of wooden dolls with one of them thrown inside a bottle to the sea and the other in her possession. The doll is found by Mahiro, and she uses it to communicate with him, giving him and Yoshino instructions to confront the Kusaribe Clan and prevent the return of the Tree of Exodus. Hakaze also develops romantic feelings for Yoshino, but refrains from confessing to him upon his claim that he already has a girlfriend, unaware that said girl is the late Aika. At the end of the series, she enters into a relationship with Yoshino.
Hakaze's setup and behavior includes allusions to Prospero, the main character from Shakespeare's play The Tempest, who is a duke with magical power. His brother betrays him and he escapes with his daughter to an island. On this island he makes plans to gain his dukedom back from his brother.
Kusaribe clan
Hakaze's former aide who usurped her position as the leader of the Kusaribe clan with the intention of awakening the Tree of Exodus to prevent the advent of the Tree of Genesis. Later it is revealed that he did so because he knows that upon fully awakening, the Tree of Genesis will recreate the world, fearing that by doing so, all beings previously created (including mankind) may be destroyed.
Samon's right hand man and one of the best magicians of the Kusaribe Clan. He fights armed with a spear.
Samon's subordinate and mage of the Kusaribe clan. He is very smart and believes in the reason of the world. He suspected Yoshino as the real "Magician of Exodus" rather than Hanemura due to his suspicious participation in certain events.
Other characters
The real current "Magician of Exodus". His powers started manifesting by the time of Aika's death when he was chosen by the Tree of Exodus to replace her and got stronger when the Kusaribe Clan tried to revive it. Unlike the members of the Kusaribe Clan, who are capable only of healing and defensive magic, Megumu's magic is solely focused on destruction and does not need any offerings to be activated. He first appears before Yoshino and Hakaze while looking for the Tree of Exodus, and despite Hanemura is labeled as the greatest threat to her, and was suspicious of being the one who killed Aika, Hakaze decides to train him to ensure that he has the strength to stop the Tree of Genesis should her fears that all mankind will be destroyed when it fully awakens are confirmed. Megumu claims he had a girlfriend, whom he claims is his alibi for the time of Aika's death, but was dumped by her recently. He is unsure if he should save the world for his girlfriend because it might seem uncool. Frauline tracks down his former girlfriend's number and address for him. As the Magician of Exodus, he eventually defeats the Tree of Genesis after the Tree of Exodus was revived.
A Japanese agent working under Takumi to investigate Mahiro and his connection with Hakaze. At first, she finds Yoshino and questions him about Mahiro's whereabouts, but then later makes a deal with him concerning his friend. She is the first person to whom Yoshino confesses that Aika was his girlfriend.
A member of the Kusaribe clan that left to avoid conflict because he dislikes fighting. As the only one Hakaze can really trust, she left him a powerful talisman created from a MP5 sub-machine gun with the power to stop the Tree of Exodus. Currently Junichirou is attending college and true to his pacifist nature; while he is unable to use any magic, he has the ability to deflect attacks of Kusaribe magic, dropping them into the ground should they try to hit him, in a similar fashion to a Judo throw. It is said that not even Hakaze can break through his defenses, leaving his enemies with no options but to give up or to collapse by exhaustion. He is also very perceptive, quickly realizing when Hakaze falls in love with Yoshino.
He has an extreme fetish for women's breasts, which comes up in conversation against the dramatic mood usually set in the anime.
A high-ranking government official who possesses knowledge about magic due to his ancestor's ties with the Kusaribe Clan. Appointed to deal with the matter of the Tree of Exodus, he falls from grace after all the deaths caused by the Tree of Genesis and starts working together with Samon to look for ways to learn more about the truth behind both trees and their respective magicians including the real threat they can pose to mankind. Due to the government's dire need of knowledge about magic in order to deal with the Tree of Genesis, he was shortly promoted back to his former position.
Mahiro's new girlfriend who appeared in the last chapter of the manga.
Media
Manga
Blast of Tempest is written by Kyō Shirodaira and Arihide Sano, and illustrated by Ren Saizaki. It was serialized in Square Enix's Monthly Shōnen Gangan from July 10, 2009 to March 12, 2013. Two additional chapters were published in the magazine on April 12 and October 12, 2013. Square Enix collected its chapters in ten tankōbon volumes, released from February 22, 2010 to November 22, 2013.
Volume list
Anime
The anime began airing on MBS (Animeism block) on October 5, 2012. The anime was simulcast with English subtitles on Crunchyroll. It has been licensed by Aniplex of America in North America and by Madman Entertainment in Australia. For episodes 1–12, the opening theme is "Spirit Inspiration" by Nothing's Carved in Stone while the ending theme is "happy endings" by Kana Hanazawa. For episodes 13–24, the opening theme is by Kylee while the ending theme is by Tomohisa Sako.
Episode list
References
External links
2012 anime television series debuts
Anime series based on manga
Animeism
Aniplex
Bones (studio)
Comics about magic
Dark fantasy anime and manga
Gangan Comics manga
Mainichi Broadcasting System original programming
Manga adapted into television series
Mystery anime and manga
Orphans in fiction
Shōnen manga
Square Enix franchises
Fiction about suicide
TBS Television (Japan) original programming
Television shows written by Mari Okada
David John Colville, 1st Baron Clydesmuir, (13 February 1894 – 31 October 1954), was a Scottish Unionist politician, and industrialist. He was director of his family's steel and iron business, David Colville & Sons.
Early life and education
The only son of John Colville MP, of Cleland, Lanarkshire, and Christina Marshall Colville, he was educated at Charterhouse and at Trinity College, Cambridge.
He served in World War I with the 6th Battalion of the Cameronians (Scottish Rifles), and was wounded.
Political career
He was unsuccessful National Liberal candidate for Motherwell at the 1922 general election. He was unsuccessful again at a by-election in January 1929 for Midlothian and Peebles Northern, but won the seat the general election in May 1929, remaining as the constituency's Member of Parliament (MP) until 1943. He served in the National Government as Parliamentary Secretary to the Department of Overseas Trade from 1931 to 1935, as Under-Secretary of State for Scotland from 1935 to 1936, as Financial Secretary to the Treasury from 1936 to 1938 and as Secretary of State for Scotland from 1938 until 1940.
Diplomatic career and peerage
Colville left Parliament in 1943 to become Governor of Bombay, a post he held until January 1948. He acted as Viceroy and Governor-General of India, in 1945, 1946 and 1947. On his return from India he was raised to the peerage as Baron Clydesmuir, of Braidwood in the County of Lanarkshire. From 1950 to 1954 Lord Clydesmuir served as a Governor of the BBC.
Colville was appointed a Privy Counsellor in 1936 and was a Brigadier in the Royal Company of Archers. He was Lord Lieutenant of Lanarkshire from 1952 until his death.
Marriage and children
He married Agnes Anne Bilsland, daughter of Sir William Bilsland, in 1915. They had a son and two daughters.
His son, Ronald Colville, 2nd Baron Clydesmuir, served as Governor of the Bank of Scotland.
Arms
References
Torrance, David, The Scottish Secretaries (Birlinn 2006)
Who Was Who
External links
1894 births
1954 deaths
Colville, John
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Knights Grand Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire
Lord-Lieutenants of Lanarkshire
Cameronians officers
People educated at Charterhouse School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
BBC Governors
Colville, John
Colville, John
Colville, John
Governors of Bombay
Colville, John
20th-century Scottish businesspeople
People associated with Stirling (council area)
Politics of Midlothian
People associated with South Lanarkshire
Members of the Royal Company of Archers
Ministers in the Chamberlain wartime government, 1939–1940
Ministers in the Chamberlain peacetime government, 1937–1939
Barons created by George VI
Patryk Walczak (born 29 July 1992) is a Polish handball player who plays for Sporting CP and the Polish national handball team.
He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
Honors
Macedonian Handball Super League
Winner: 2021, 2022
Macedonian Handball Cup
Winner:2021, 2022
References
1992 births
Living people
Polish male handball players
Vive Kielce players
Sportspeople from Szczecin
The Neue Galerie (New Gallery) is an art museum in Kassel in the state of Hesse, in Germany. The building was constructed between 1871 and 1877 as a museum for works of the Old Masters. The building was damaged and burned out on 22 October 1943 in a devastating air raid carried out on the orders of Winston Churchill. The 60 most important works were brought to Vienna, and were returned in 1956. The building and large parts of the collection were lost. The museum was reopened with its present name in 1976, and a large renovation was completed in 2011.
History
The old museum
A previous building was built in the years 1749 to 1752 by François de Cuvilliés for the Landgrave William VIII. During the French occupation under Jérôme Bonaparte this building was transformed into a city residence. In August 1869 a new building for the gallery was designed by Heinrich von Dehn-Rotfelser, architect and professor of architecture at the Academy in Kassel and opened on 28 December 1877. Dehn-Rotfelser's gallery building had a length of 89.3 m. The width of the pavilions was 24 m, the central block of 22 m. The roof began at a height of 15 meters. The central hall was 17.72 m with the longest, the next two were 11 m long. The fourth main exhibition space, located in the west pavilion was 15.53 m long. The highlight of the exhibition was the collection of Dutch old masters, works by painters such as Rembrandt, Paul Potter and Philips Wouwerman.
The new museum
The new museum was opened on 4 September 1976 and included an additional collection of contemporary art works from the 19th and 20th centuries with Romantic and Impressionist paintings by artists such as Carl Schuch, Lovis Corinth and Max Slevogt. A large collection of German Expressionists is shown, and a room contains sculptures by Joseph Beuys. In 2011 the museum was renovated and restored with more historic details. It is part of the Museumslandschaft Hessen Kassel.
References
External links
Website (in German)
Art museums and galleries in Kassel
Museumslandschaft Hessen Kassel
Kassel
Art museums established in 1877
1877 establishments in Germany
The 2018 Johan Cruyff Shield was the 23rd edition of the Johan Cruyff Shield (), an annual Dutch football match played between the winners of the previous season's Eredivisie and KNVB Cup. The match was contested by PSV Eindhoven, champions of the 2017–18 Eredivisie, and Feyenoord, winners of the 2017–18 KNVB Cup. It was held at the Philips Stadion on 4 August 2018.
Match
See also
2017–18 Eredivisie
2017–18 KNVB Cup
References
2018
2018–19 in Dutch football
PSV Eindhoven matches
Feyenoord matches
August 2018 sports events in the Netherlands
Johan Cruyff Shield 2018
Carmichaelia hollowayi (common name Holloways broom) is a species of plant in the family Fabaceae. It is found only in the South Island of New Zealand. Its conservation status (2018) is "Nationally Critical" under the New Zealand Threat Classification System.
Description
Carmichaelia hollowayi is a low-growing shrub (50–60 cm high), first growing as an erect shrub but later its stems trail and spread across the ground.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by George Simpson in 1945. The earliest record in AVH, CHR 45804 was collected by Simpson in 1937 somewhere in Otago.
Habitat
It grows on limestone (which Simpson described as sandstone).
References
External links
Carmichaelia hollowayi occurrence data from Australasian Virtual Herbarium (Note:These points have been intentionally misplaced since this is a sensitive species.)
hollowayi
Flora of New Zealand
Taxa named by George Simpson
Plants described in 1945
The 2017 Serbian Cup is the 12th edition of the tournament.
Schedule
The rounds of the 2017 competition are scheduled as follows:
Matches
Round of 32
Round of 32 match was played on 8 November 2017.
|}
Round of 16
Round of 16 matches were played on 19–22 November 2017.
|}
Quarter-final
Quarter-final matches were played on 1–2 December 2017.
|}
Final four
The final four will be held on 16 and 17 December 2017 at the SC „Đorđe Predin Badža" in Bečej.
Semi-finals
Final
Final standings
References
External links
Serbian Water Polo Federaration
Serbian Water Polo Cup
Serbian Water Polo Cup Men
Buzhan () may refer to:
Buzhan, Ilam
Buzhan, Razavi Khorasan
See also
Buzhans
Buzan (disambiguation)
KJBI (100.1 FM, "100.1 The Eagle") is a radio station licensed to serve Fort Pierre, South Dakota. The station is owned by Ingstad Family Media and licensed to James River Broadcasting. It airs a classic hits music format.
All four Pierre DRG Media Group (James River Broadcasting) stations share studios at 214 West Pleasant Drive, in Pierre.
The station was assigned the KJBI call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on August 2, 2007.
Programming
Weekdays
10 AM - 2 PM: Paul Rollie
2 - 7 PM: Chuck Hanson
7 - 12 AM: Nights with Alice Cooper
Saturday
10 AM - 2 PM: Dave Williams
2 - 7 PM: Brian Oakland
7 PM - 12 AM: Nights with Alice Cooper
Sunday
7-10 AM: American Top 40 with Casey Kasem (1970's)
10 AM - 2 PM: Dave Williams
2-7 PM: Brian Oakland
7-10 PM:
Former Programming
The Bob & Tom Show
References
External links
KJBI official website
JBI
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 2008
Stanley County, South Dakota
2008 establishments in South Dakota
On April 13, 1923 at 15:31 UTC, an earthquake occurred off the northern coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula in the USSR, present-day Russia. The earthquake had a surface-wave magnitude () of 6.8–7.3 and an estimated moment magnitude () of ~8.2. This event came just two months after a slightly larger earthquake with an epicenter struck south of the April event. Both earthquakes were tsunamigenic although the latter generated wave heights far exceeding that of the one in February. After two foreshocks of "moderate force", the main event caused considerable damage. Most of the 36 casualties were the result of the tsunami inundation rather than the earthquake.
Tectonic setting
The earthquake occurred off the Kamchatka Peninsula's east coast, which runs parallel to the Kuril-Kamchatka Trench, the area where the Pacific and Okhotsk Sea plates converge. Being older and therefore denser, the Pacific subducts beneath the Kamchatka Peninsula, which sits on the Okhotsk Sea Plate. These two plates meet along a convergent boundary, marked by the trench. The subduction zone is seismogenic and produces Kamchatka earthquakes, which occasionally generate tsunamis; some of these megathrust earthquakes are very strong (such as the 1952 magnitude 9.0 earthquake, the 5th largest ever recorded).
Earthquake
The April earthquake was part of a sequence of megathrust earthquakes on the Kamchatka Peninsula, which began in February. On February 3, a magnitude 8.4 earthquake, whose hypocenter was 15 km deep, resulted in extreme shaking assigned XI (Extreme) on the Modified Mercalli intensity scale and caused a tsunami with run-ups of 6 meters. It was followed by a magnitude 7.4 aftershock the same month.
The International Seismological Centre placed the April earthquake magnitude at 6.8 or 7.0 , while the NGDC and some older studies placed it at 7.3–7.4 . Beno Gutenberg and Charles Richter assigned the event a magnitude of 7.2 . A 2004 reevaluation of earthquakes in the region revised the earthquake magnitude to 8.2 , based on analyzing the associated tsunami. It was not cosidered an aftershock of the February earthquake because it ruptured another segment of the subduction zone.
Location
The epicenter coordinates of this earthquake differ across sources and journals. The International Seismological Summary placed this at 55.7°N, 162.5°E, while the ISC-GEM Catalogue lists this event as having an epicenter at 56.36° N 162.70° E. Meanwhile, Beno Gutenberg and Charles Richter suggested the epicenter location to be 56.5° N, 16.5° E. In a 2017 study, Salaree and Okal argued it was located 110 km to the north, at 57.35° N, 162.91° E, which is northwest of Bering Island. In another study by Bourgeois and Pinegina published in 2018, the source area of the April earthquake is north of the February rupture but southwest of Bering Island and in . On the other hand, E.R. Engdahl's relocation places the epicenter coordinates at 56.56°N, 163.03°E, inside the Kamchatskiy Peninsula and close to the ISC-GEM coordinates.
Characteristic
The earthquake rupture displayed features analogous to that of a tsunami earthquake, which generates locally destructive tsunamis with higher run-up heights. A notable feature that makes such events unique is the release of seismic energy which happens at long periods. The release of long-period seismic energy in turn results in moderately strong to no shaking along the coast during these earthquakes. Damage patterns of tsunami earthquakes solely from shaking have been mostly smaller than expected for its size. As a result, local communities usually would have little to no advanced natural warning for when a tsunami hit. Tsunami earthquakes have slower than usual rupture velocities, which could be as slow as 1 km/s. The rupture propagates up-dip along with the shallow subduction interface towards the trench, generating tsunamis. The tsunamis generated by these earthquakes are significantly disproportionate for its surface wave magnitude as a consequence.
Tsunami
Salaree and Okal suggested that apart from the slow rupture velocity, an earthquake-triggered submarine landslide is thought to have generated the unusually high local tsunami run-ups. The presence of subaerial landslides near elevated shorelines after the earthquake was also evidence of landslide-triggering tsunamis. The landslide tsunami model also satisfactorily reproduced the tsunami height distribution. A survey of the affected region discovered high run-up heights at 20–30 meters. The tsunami affected a stretch of coastline from Cape Shubert to Cape Kamchatskiy of the Kamchatka Bay.
A 1961 paper stated that the first tsunami wave, which was described as small, arrived at Ust-Kamchatsk 15 minutes after the earthquake. Approximately fifteen minutes later, an 11-meter-high wave began advancing onshore. The second wave was destructive, washing away structures at a nearby settlement and flowing as far as 7 km up the Kamchatka River from its mouth, being able to do so because it inundated over a coastal plain covered by a layer of thick ice. Together with the snow, it smoothened the low-lying coastal plains, allowing the tsunami to reach and cause damage far inland.
West of the Kamchatka River, the tsunami waves were reported to be higher, with run-up measuring 20–30 meters, far higher than the tsunami generated by the larger February earthquake. The Japanese-owned fish canneries and villages were totally destroyed. A small cutter belonging to the Nichiro cannery was found at a location 1–2 km inland at a height of 30 meters.
The extent of damage decreased significantly eastwards along a 10 km portion of a spit that separates Lake Nerpichye from the Kamchatka Gulf. On the spit, a cannery was completely destroyed. A newer cannery and radio station at the same location had moderate damage only. The tsunami at this location, Perevoloka, was approximately one meter high.
Other locations
A maximum run-up height of 4 meters was recorded at Bering Island but the exact location where it was measured is unknown. On the Hawaiian Islands, the tsunami was recorded 30 cm at Hilo, 20 cm at Honolulu and 8 cm at Tofino. On the United States west coast, a 15 cm wave was recorded at San Francisco while at the Port of Los Angeles, some swirls were observed between 06:00 am and 10:00 am. A weak tsunami was also recorded along the Japanese coast.
Damage and aftermath
Before the mainshock, a sequence of foreshocks was felt for four hours, keeping the residents on high alert. Two noticeable foreshocks occurred on 13 April at 21:00 and 14 April at 01:00 local time respectively. They were felt with light to moderate intensities, causing hanging items to sway slightly.
The earthquake struck at 02:00 am local time on the 14th of April. Its reported intensity was as high as X (Extreme) on the Modified Mercalli intensity scale. A local newspaper reported that many barns and dilapidated houses were destroyed. More than 230 animals perished, including dogs, cows, and pigs. Residents in towns and villages were driven out of their homes when the earthquake shook. The tremors knocked hanging photographs, dishes on shelves, and stoves to the floor. It also cracked the windows of many homes.
The tsunami killed 36 people along the coast of Kamchatka. Twenty-three of those killed were in Ust-Kamchatsk, of which there were 13 Japanese and five Russian and Chinese victims. Along the coasts, the tsunami tore off trees by the roots. A small Japanese boat was also deposited some 30 meters on top of a raised beach. At the time, the boat was occupied by a Japanese couple and when the tsunami struck, one of them was killed.
After the earthquake and tsunami, many survivors relocated to other villages upstream to avoid a similar disaster. Cherny Yar and Nizhnekamchatsk were among the villages that survivors moved into because they were situated far inland and safe from future tsunamis. Some of the remaining inhabitants of Ust-Kamchatsk later founded the small village of because the tsunami had badly affected the main city. Others remained in the city to reconstruct the damaged city.
The Los Angeles Times on 15 April reported that flooding in the Korean of city Busan caused over 1,000 deaths. Meanwhile the Sydney Morning Herald on 16 April claimed that 400 people went missing due to a tidal wave in the same city. The news article also stated that the total number of people that perished was unknown, but believed to be large. Further analysis however, concluded that the Busan flooding occurred approximately 24 hours before the earthquake and is, therefore, an unrelated event.
See also
List of earthquakes in Russia
List of earthquakes in 1923
List of tsunamis
References
External links
1923 earthquakes
1923 tsunamis
1923 in Russia
Megathrust earthquakes in Russia
Tsunamis in Russia
Tsunamis in the United States
Tsunamis in Japan
Doublet earthquakes
Tsunami earthquakes
Natural disasters in the Russian Far East
History of the Kamchatka Peninsula
Safa al-Din (also Safauddin) Mohammed al-Safi is an Iraqi politician and former Justice Minister who is currently Minister of State for the Council of Representatives.
Since May 2006 he has also been Minister of State for Council of Representatives Affairs. He became acting Justice Minister in the government of Nouri al-Maliki from April 2007. He also replaced Abdul Falah al-Sudany as acting Minister of Trade in 2007 following his resignation amidst corruption allegations.
As Minister of State in September 2008, he called for MP Mithal al-Alusi to be prosecuted for "visiting a country that Iraq considers an enemy" after he visited Israel and spoke at a conference on counter-terrorism.
In July 2011 the Higher Judicial Council issued an arrest warrant on allegations of corruption relating to his time as acting Trade Minister. A judge in Basrah also issued a second arrest warrant for the minister on allegations of administrative and financial corruption linked to his time as acting Minister of Trade.
References
Living people
Government ministers of Iraq
Year of birth missing (living people)
Finance ministers of Iraq
Justice ministers of Iraq
Ramović is a Bosnian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Demir Ramović (born 1982), retired Montenegrin footballer
Džejla Ramović (born 2002), Bosnian singer, winner of Zvezde Granda
Sead Ramović (born 1979), retired Bosnian footballer
Sinan Ramović (born 1992), Bosnian footballer
Bosnian surnames
Slavic-language surnames
The Assam Chess Association () is a registered (under the Societies Registration Act: XXI of 1860, Number 1347 of 1981-82) chess association of the Assam state of India. It was formed in the late 1960s by Bodiyuz Zaman from Jorhat. The first president of the association was Kamakhya Prasad Tripathi. It is affiliated with the India Chess Federation and officially accredited by the Fédération Internationale des Échecs, (FIDE).
Affiliates
Till date AACA has managed to establish district affiliates in each of Assam's districts. It has no less than 14 Districts out of a possible 23 districts, as well as various chess organizations under its affiliation. The district affiliates and organizations are even able to send players to participate regularly in National and International chess tournaments and events. Here is a list of the affiliated units:
Barpeta District Chess Association
Cachar District Chess Association
Dibrugarh District Chess Association
Duliajan Chess Academy, Duliajan Club
Gauhati Town Club Chess Foundation
Golaghat District Chess Association
Guwahati Chess Association
Hailakandi District Chess Association
Hojai District Chess Association
Jorhat District Chess Association
Kaliabor District Chess Association
Kamrup District (Rural) Chess Association
Karimganj District. Chess Association
Kokrajhar District Chess Association
Mangaldoi District Chess Association
Morigaon District Chess Association
Nagaon District Chess association
North Lakhimpur District Chess Association
Oil India Ltd., Duliajan
P. C. Borooah Chess Academy
Sivasagar District Chess Association
Tezpur District Chess Association
Tinsukia District Chess Association
Events
From 1 to 7 July 2003, the AACA, with the help of the Alekhine Chess Club of Calcutta, organized the Telegraph chess championship at the Netaji Vidyapith Railway Higher Secondary School in Maligaon. The event was the fourth Guwahati edition of The Telegraph School Chess Championship.
References
Chess organizations
Chess in India
Sport in Assam
1960 establishments in Assam
Organisations based in Assam
The Jeju people or Jejuans (제주사름; 濟州人; Jeju-sareum), also known as Cheju, Chejuan or Pukjeju, are an ethnic group native to Jeju Island, which is geographically located in the East China Sea. Administratively, they live in Jeju Province, an autonomous self-governing province of South Korea.
Jejuans speak the Jeju language, which is considered to be one of the two branches of the Koreanic language family, although it has no mutual intelligibility with Standard Korean or any other Korean dialects on the Korean Peninsula. Jejuans also have unique cultural traditions that are distinct to mainland Koreans.
History
Origins
Modern humans have already lived on Jeju Island since the early Neolithic period (about 10,000 to 8,000 years ago). According to legend, three demi-gods emerged from Samseong. which is said to have been on the northern slopes of Hallasan and became the progenitors of the Jeju people, who founded the Kingdom of Tamna,
Tamna
There is no historical record of the founding or early history of Tamna.
After the establishment of Tamna, in the first century AD, Tamna people started active trade with Baekje and Silla on mainland Korea, Han China and Yayoi period Japan, Southeast Asia, and the Chola dynasty of South India. Later, Tamna became a tributary state of Baekje and Silla, and was subsequently annexed by Joseon.
Goryeo's Invasion
Tamna briefly reclaimed its independence after the fall of Silla in 935. However, it was subjugated by Goryeo in 938 and officially annexed in 1105. However, the kingdom maintained local autonomy until 1404, when Taejong of Joseon placed it under firm central control and brought the Tamna kingdom to an end. One interesting event that took place during these later years of Tamna was the Sambyeolcho Rebellion, which came to a bloody end on Jeju Island in 1274.
Japanese occupation
In 1910, Japan annexed Korea, including Jeju, inaugurating a period of hardship and deprivation for the islanders, many of whom were compelled to travel to the mainland or Japan for work. Residents of Jeju were active in the Korean independence movement during the period of Japanese rule.
After independence in South Korea
1948 Jeju Uprising
On April 3, 1948, against a background of an ongoing ideological struggle for control of Korea and a variety of grievances held by islanders against the local authorities, the many communist sympathizers on the island attacked police stations and government offices. The brutal and often indiscriminate suppression of the leftist rebellion resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands of both villagers and communist radicals and the imprisonment of thousands more in internment camps. Furthermore, up to 40,000 Jejuans had to flee to Japan due to the actions of the South Korean government. The Uprising has become a symbol of Jeju's independence from the Korean Peninsula.
In 2006, almost 60 years after the Jeju Uprising, the government of South Korea apologized for its role in the killings and promised reparations. In 2019, the South Korean police and defense ministry apologized for the first time over the massacres.
Culture
Jejuans have a culture and language that are distinct from that of the Korean Peninsula. Jeju is also home to thousands of unique local legends. Perhaps the most distinct cultural artifact is the ubiquitous dol hareubang ("stone grandfather") carved from a block of basalt throughout the island.
Language
Jeju is the indigenous language of the Jejuans. UNESCO lists it as "critically endangered", with most of its speakers being elderly. The younger generation tends to speak Standard Korean due to the educational system enacted by the South Korean government, which does not allow Jejuan language schools, and has repressed its usage especially during the country's authoritarian era (e.g. under Syngman Rhee, Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan) up until the 1990s.
The South Korean government, including the National Institute of Korean Language and the country's Ministry of Education, continues to label Jeju language as a Korean dialect, specifically an "unintelligible Korean dialect", although it has no mutual intelligibility with Standard Korean or any other Korean dialects for that matter on the Korean Peninsula.
Ever since the 2000s, the majority of South Korean academic publications had switched to the term "Jeju language" rather than considering it as a dialect. The only English-language monograph on Jeju, published in 2019, consistently refers to it as a language as well. Among native speakers, the term Jeju-mal "Jeju speech" is most common.
Religion
Shamanism is a native religion of Jeju Island, and its teachings are mixed with Confucianism and Buddhism. Jeju Island is also one of the areas in which shamanism is most intact. Other religions practiced on Jeju Island include mainstream Buddhism and Christianity.
Notable Jeju people
Baekho (Real Name: Kang Dong-ho, Hangul: 강동호; Hanja: 姜東昊), singer-songwriter, dancer, record producer, actor and K-pop idol, member of K-pop boy group NU'EST and its sub-unit NU'EST W
Boo Seung-kwan (Hangul: 부승관; Hanja: 夫勝寬), singer, dancer, and K-pop idol, member of the K-pop boy group Seventeen.
Boo Suk-jong (Hangul: 부석종; Hanja: 夫石鍾), South Korean Navy Admiral and Chief of Naval Operations of the Republic of Korea Navy (ROKN)
Choi Jung Hwa (Hangul: 최정화; Hanja: 崔正華), South Korean Taekwondo master and the son of Choi Hong Hi
Choi Jungsook (Hangul: 최정숙; Hanja: 崔貞淑), South Korean educator, doctor, the first woman principal in Jeju, the first woman superintendent in South Korea, and activist in the Korean independence movement and women's movement
Gim Man-deok (Hangul: 김만덕; Hanja: 金萬德), female merchant of Joseon
Han Jae-rim (Hangul: 한재림), South Korean film director, screenwriter and film producer
Hyun Ki-young (Hangul: 현기영), South Korean author
Hyun Kil-un (Hangul: 현길언), South Korean author
Jeon Soo-jin (Hangul: 전수진), South Korean actress (Born in Seoul but raised in Jeju Island)
Joy (Real Name: Park Soo-young, Hangul: 박수영), singer-songwriter, rapper, dancer, actress, model, MC and K-pop idol, member of K-pop girl group Red Velvet
Kaang Bong-kiun (Hangul: 강봉균), South Korean professor
Kang Chang-il (Hangul: 강창일), South Korean politician
Kang Hye-ja (Hangul: 강혜자), South Korean sport shooter
Kang Mun-sok (Hangul: 강문석), Korean socialist and activist during the Japanese occupation period
Kim Dal-sam (Hangul: 김달삼), school teacher, leftist revolutionary and commander of Workers' Party of Korea troops during the Jeju uprising
Kim Hee-ae (Hangul: 김희애), South Korean actress
Kim Jin-hwan (Hangul: 김진환), singer, dancer, and K-pop idol, member of the K-pop boy group iKon
Kim Nam-jin (Hangul: 김남진), South Korean actor
Kim Si-hun (Hangul: 김시훈), singer, rapper, dancer, and K-pop idol, member of the K-pop boy group BDC
Ko Young-hoon (Hangul: 고영훈), South Korean painter
Moon Myung-soon (Hangul: 문명순), South Korean politician
Moon Chung-in (Hangul: 문정인), South Korean politician
Moon Hee-kyung (Hangul: 문희경), South Korean actress
O Muel (Real Name: Oh Kyung-heon, Hangul: 오경헌), South Korean film director and screenwriter
O Sonfa (Real Name: Oh Seon-hwa, Hangul: 오선화), Zainichi Korean author and journalist
Oh Young-hun (Hangul: 오영훈), South Korean politician
Shaun Kim
Soyou (Real Name: Kang Ji-hyun, Hangul: 강지현), singer, dancer, model, MC and K-pop idol, former member of K-pop girl group Sistar
References
Jeju Province
People from Jeju Province
Ethnic groups in South Korea
Indigenous peoples of East Asia
Pickled Egg Records is a UK independent record label founded in Leicester in 1998 by Nigel Turner. Distribution is through Cargo.
Artists on Pickled Egg
a.P.A.t.T.
Bablicon
Big Eyes
Butchy Fuego
Chandeliers
The Doozer
The Evolution Control Committee
Farina
Freeze Puppy
Fulborn Teversham
George
The Go! Team
Hassle Hound
Daniel Johnston
leBLEU
Marshmallow Coast
Nalle
Need New Body
Now
Oddfellows Casino
Pop-Off Tuesday
Scatter
Volcano The Bear
Zukanican
100 Pets
See also
List of record labels
External links
Official website
Leicester Band's website
British independent record labels
Record labels established in 1998
Alternative rock record labels
Dan Fagin (born February 1, 1963) is an American journalist who specializes in environmental science. He won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction for his best-selling book Toms River: A Story of Science and Salvation. Toms River also won the Helen Bernstein Book Award for Excellence in Journalism, the National Academies Communication Award, and the Rachel Carson Environment Book Award of the Society of Environmental Journalists, among other literary prizes.
Early life
Fagin was born in Oklahoma City and attended high school at Bishop McGuinness Catholic High School, where he was friends with another future author, Blake Bailey. Fagin graduated in 1985 from Dartmouth College, where he served as the editor-in-chief of The Dartmouth (the college's daily newspaper).
Career
From 1991-2005, Fagin was the environmental writer at Newsday, where he was a principal member of two reporting teams that were finalists for the Pulitzer Prize. Fagin is a former president of the Society of Environmental Journalists. In 2003, his stories about cancer epidemiology won the Science Journalism Award of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and also won the Science-in-Society Award of the National Association of Science Writers.
Fagin is a Professor of Journalism at the Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute at New York University, and the director of the NYU Science, Health and Environmental Reporting Program. He is also the founder and director of the NYU Science Communication Workshops. His book Toms River: A Story of Science and Salvation was published March 19, 2013. In a review, Abigail Zuger in the New York Times called it "a new classic of science reporting." He is also the co-author with Marianne Lavelle of the book Toxic Deception: How the Chemical Industry Manipulates Science, Bends the Law and Endangers Your Health (1997). Fagin is currently working on a book about monarch butterflies and the future of biodiversity in the Anthropocene.
Personal life
He is married to Alison Frankel, a senior legal writer at Thomson-Reuters; they have two children and live in Sea Cliff, NY.
References
External links
Dan Fagin, official website
New York Times op-ed by Fagin about parallels between chemical industry practices in Basel (starting in the 1860s), Cincinnati, Toms River and now China.
New York Times op-ed by Fagin about a trip to Basel and outsourcing of toxic manufacturing practices.
Scientific American story by Fagin about molecular epidemiology research in China.
NPR interview with Fagin and other journalists about the state of environmental reporting.
Science, Health and Environmental Reporting Program at New York University
American non-fiction environmental writers
Environmental journalists
1963 births
Living people
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction winners
New York University faculty
Newsday people
Writers from Oklahoma City
American male journalists
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
20th-century American journalists
21st-century American journalists
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
The Tomb of the Prophets Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi (Arabic: قبر النبيا Qubur El Anbiyya, lit. "Grave (of) The Prophets"; Hebrew: מערת הנביאים, "Cave of the Prophets") is an ancient burial site located on the upper western slope of the Mount of Olives, Jerusalem. According to a medieval Jewish tradition also adopted by Christians, the catacomb is believed to be the burial place of Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi, the last three Hebrew Bible prophets who are believed to have lived during the 6th-5th centuries BC. Archaeologists have dated the three earliest burial chambers to the 1st century BC, thus contradicting the tradition.
Burial chamber
The chamber forms two concentric passages containing 38 burial niches. The entrance to the large rock-cut burial cave is on the western side, where a staircase descends, flanked on both sides by a stone balustrade. It leads into a large circular central vault measuring in diameter. From it, two parallel tunnels, wide and high, stretch some through the rock. A third tunnel runs in another direction. They are all connected by cross galleries, the outer one of which measures in length.
Research shows that the complex actually dates from the 1st-century BCE, when this style of tombs came into use for Jewish burial. Some Greek inscriptions discovered at the site suggest the cave was re-used to bury foreign Christians during the 4th and 5th centuries CE. On one of the side walls of the vault, a Greek inscription translates:
Put thy faith in God, Dometila: No human creature is immortal!
Holy site
The site has been venerated by the Jews since the Middle Ages, and they often visited the site. In 1882, Archimandrite Antonine (Kapustin) acquired the location for the Russian Orthodox Church. He planned to build a church at the site, which aroused strong protests by the Jews who visited and worshipped at the cave. The Ottoman courts ruled in 1890 that the transaction was binding but the Russians agreed not to display Christian symbols or icons at the site which was to remain accessible for people of all faiths.
External links
(he) The Tombs of the Prophets archive on the website of the Israel Antiquities Authority.
References
Buildings and structures completed in the 1st century BC
Archaeological sites in Jerusalem
Burial monuments and structures
Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi
Jewish pilgrimage sites
Shrines in Jerusalem
Rock-cut tombs
Ancient Jewish history
Mount of Olives
Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia
Book of Haggai
Book of Zechariah
Book of Malachi
Tombs in the State of Palestine
Longju Road () is a station under construction on the Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Longju Road and Pudong Avenue in Pudong, the station is expected to open after the rest of Line 14 due to difficulties in land acquisition.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Allu Venkata Satyanarayana was a 4-time MLA from Palakol. He contested as the Telugu Desam Party MLA candidate in 1983, 1985, 1989, 1994, 1999 and won in 1983, 1985, 1994, 1999 but lost in 1989 elections. He is the longest serving MLA of 17 years (4 terms) from Palakollu assembly constituency.
Political career
Early career
He started his political career in Communist Party of India (Marxist) as Bala sangam leader. Later he resigned and was elected as Ward Councillor independently in 1981 and continued as councillor until 1987.
Praja Rajyam Party
He joined Praja Rajyam Party and continued in party until it merged with Congress.
YSR Congress Party
He joined YSR Congress Party.
Other posts
He worked as Andhra Pradesh Agro based industries chairman in 1988 and Assembly text books committee chairman in 1999.
References
Living people
Members of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly
1940 births
People from West Godavari district
Telugu politicians
Telugu Desam Party politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
Politicians from Palakollu
Creston is an unincorporated community that straddles the border between West Creek Township and Cedar Creek Township, Lake County, Indiana.
History
Creston was originally called Cedar Lake, but the name was changed in 1882 when the Monon Railroad was extended to that point. The early settlers of Cedar Lake were almost all descendants of the Revolutionary War soldier Obadiah Taylor I who settled there.
The town was planned out mostly by Obadiah Taylor III. The business ventures in the nearby village of Tinkerville were moved west to Creston where they would be close to the new railroad, and in the 1880s Creston had multiple stores, blacksmith shop, coal and lumberyard, grain elevator, and post office.
In the 21st century, Creston is a quiet residential area, without substantial business or industry. A few descendants of the settlers remain. The earliest settlers were named Austin, Beck, Davis, Dille, Edgerton, Hill, King, Lloyd, McCarty, Miller, Palmer, Stillson, Skinner, Stopps, Scritchfield, Taylor, Thompson, Vinnedge, and Warriner.
Geography
Creston is located one mile south of the town of Cedar Lake (which used to be called West Point), and three miles north of Lowell.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
populated places established in 1882
1882 establishments in Indiana
Emiti Bi Prema Hue is a 2012 Oriya romantic drama film directed by Nishikant Dalabehera. Sabyasachi Mishra, Riya Dey and Mihir Das played the lead cast. The film released on 10 February 2012.
Synopsis
Surya Prakash is a mafia don leaves with wife Suchitra and assistant Kiran. When his daughter Shibani is born, to engage himself, he keeps Kiran's son Amar as her associate. Gradually the time come when Amar and Shibani are fall in love with each other. When Surya knows the fact, he tires to kill Amar. By knowing this Shibani attempts to suicide. Later Surya realizes his fault and Amar and Shibani unites.
Cast
Sabyasachi Mishra ... Amar
Riya Dey ... Shibani
Mihir Das ... Surya Pratap
Aparajita Mohanty ... Suchitra
Asrumochan Mohanty ... Kiran
Jairam Samal ... School teacher
Hadu ... Shubani's uncle
Lovely ... item song dancer
Choudhury Jaiprakash Das ...Hotel owner
Soundtrack
The audio release function of the movie is held at Hotel Presidency, Bhubaneswar. The music for the movie was composed by Prashant Padhi.
Box office
The film fail to impress the box office and did average business.
Awards
24th Orissa State Film Awards
Best Actor – Sabyasachi Mishra
Best Actor in supporting role – Ashrumochan Mohanty
Best Child Actor - Aryan Misra
Special Jury Award -Mihir Das
References
External links
2012 films
2010s Odia-language films
2012 romantic drama films
Indian romantic drama films
Guds spelemän is Garmarna's second full-length album, released in 1996. All songs except "Njaalkeme" (which is in Southern Sami) are sung in Swedish.
Reception
The reviewer for AllMusic wrote that Garmarna managed to keep a straight-faced approach at presenting the content of the songs, instead of in a way "that might even have disturbed the Brothers Grimm".
Track listing
"Herr Mannelig (Sir Mannelig)" – 6:22
"Vänner och Fränder (Friends and Relatives)" – 5:11
"Halling från Makedonien (Halling from Macedonia)" – 2:45
"Min Man (My Husband)" – 4:20
"Varulven (The Werewolf)" – 4:55
"Hilla Lilla" – 6:19
"Drew Drusnaar/Idag som igår (Today as Yesterday)" – 2:46
"Njaalkeme (Hunger)" – 5:05
"Herr Holger (Sir Holger)" – 4:58
"Guds Spelemän (The Fiddlers of God)" – 5:27
References
Garmarna albums
1996 albums
Swedish-language albums
In military science nomenclature, a quick reaction force (QRF) is an armed military unit capable of rapidly responding to developing situations, typically to assist allied units in need of such assistance. They are to have equipment ready to respond to any type of emergency, typically within ten minutes or less but that is based on unit standard operating procedures (SOPs). Army cavalry units are frequently postured as quick reaction forces, with a main mission of security and reconnaissance. They are generally platoon-sized in the U.S. military's combat arms.
History
The QRF is a modern military reserve and belongs directly to the commander of the unit it is created from. Depending on the unit size and protocols, the commander may be the only person authorized to control the QRF, or he may delegate this responsibility to one or more additional people. QRFs are commonly found in maneuver battalion-level task forces and above, in addition to many operating bases having their own dedicated QRF to react to threats on or immediately around the base.
The readiness level of the QRF is based on unit SOPs. Since maintaining a split-second level of readiness is draining on equipment, fuel and personnel, the QRF is postured based on the likelihood of being called up. During high-intensity conflicts, the QRF may be forced to maintain that split-second level of readiness, and have all members in their vehicles with the motors running. However, during low-intensity conflict, when deployment is less likely and may be more readily predicted, the command establishes how fast the QRF must be able to react, which can range from trucks and personnel in a central location with the troops rotating out of the trucks to the vehicles simply staged close to a unit area, with all personnel staying close enough for rapid recall. The speed at which a QRF is expected to react is defined by its readiness condition, or REDCON, level.
The mission of a QRF can vary widely, as they are used to responding to any threat the commander chooses to employ them for. A U.S. Army QRF consists of a variable number of trucks, generally a mix of M1151 Up-Armored HMMWVs and, since their introduction, MRAPs. Depending on the mission requirement, additional units can be attached to an organic platoon to expand their capabilities. Examples include attaching explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) teams to a QRF responding to bombs or similar threats, and vehicle recovery assets to a QRF expected to recover damaged trucks.
See also
Base defense operations center
Force protection
Rapid reaction force
Ready Reaction Force
Immediate Response Force
References
Force protection tactics
Military units and formations
Medea Clytemnestra Strong-In-The-Arm Lindenshield is a fictional character and the chief antagonist from Stuart Hill's fantasy trilogy of books called The Icemark Chronicles. She appears in a major role in both Blade of Fire and Last Battle of the Icemark. She does not appear in The Cry of the Icemark as it is set 20 years previously to the other novels.
Plot
Overview
Medea is the second youngest child (the youngest daughter) of Queen Thirrin and Oskan Witchfather. Her full name is Medea Clytemnestra Strong-In-The-Arm Lindenshield. She is 15 years old. She has an elder sister, Crown Princess Cressida (17), a pair of elders twin brothers, Cerdic and Eodred (16) and a younger brother, Charlemagne (14). She is part of the royal family of the Icemark and is a princess. She is a descendant of the Wise Ones (the fallen immortal spirits and angels banished from the spirit realms to the Darkness).
Blade of Fire
Medea is looking out of her window from her tower room and brooding over the fact that her parents, who are marching home from The Ice Troll Wars will greet the rest of the family before her. She has a memory about how when she was sharing a nursery with Sharley when she was younger Sharley had broken a toy horse. She had fixed it for him, using magic, before making him tearfully watch as she broke it again. Throughout the course of the book, it is revealed that she is deeply jealous of her younger brother because of the attention and love he receives because of his withered leg that resulted from his bout with polio.
Medea tries to get Sharley killed by magically having a Greyling Bear attack him while hunting.
Oskan passes on his magic abilities by teaching Medea, as she is the only inheritor of his gifts. But Oskan is worried that Medea is drawn to The Circle Of Dark, the most dangerous plain of the Spirit Realms. Medea tries to kill Sharley by creating a magical storm when he sent away from The Icemark.
Oskan takes Medea on a diplomatic mission to The Land-of-the-Ghosts. While there Oskan reveals the true evil nature of the Dark to Medea and that his father lives in the realm. Medea is disappointed when she discovers that she can't access the Dark through the Vampiric Majesties.
Back home Medea spells the minds of the Icemarks' command and starts poisoning the family from within so they walk into a trap by The Polypontian forces. She does this in retaliation for her brother Cerdic being mean to her. Cerdic dies in the battle. This is when Medea decides to become evil and walk the paths of The Dark.
Cressida tries to get Medea to help with the war but to no avail. This is when she discovers Cressida is immune to magic so she cannot harm her.
When Sharley returns to the Icemark with an army to help her invaded country she tries to kill him by possessing Mekhmet but is defeated with the help of the Blessed Women. Then she tries to kill him with magically drawn lightning from the sky. Oskan deflects this back at her and banishes her to The Circle Of Dark.
Last Battle of the Icemark
Medea returns two years later where she has survived the torments of the Darkness and joins forces with Cronus, the Arc-Adept of The Darkness.
In order to obtain her right to be considered part of the Dark realm Medea has to do battle with the six adepts were banished from Paradise with Cronus (a character based on Lucifer). Medea defeats them in a magical battle.
Medea lures Sharley, Kirimin and Mekhmet into The Plain Of Desolation. While they are trapped there she tries to kill them numerous times using methods such as Elephantas, Trolls on bridges and ghosts. She has a battle with her father in spirit form there.
Oskan confronts Medea in The Darkness and they have a magical battle. Just as Oskan is about to destroy Medea's powers, Orla distracts Oskan allowing Medea to burn Oskan to the bone. Cressida comes and manages to wound Medea because she is immune to magic. With Medea wounded Oskan then rescues Sharley, Mekhmet and Kirimin from The Plain Of Desolation.
Medea casts aside her physical form and becomes a being of pure spirit and literally immortal.
While The Icemark is distracted with battle with Erinor and her Hordes in Romula, Medea and Cronus along with an army of Ice Demons invade the Icemark. The Vampire Queen and her army hold them at bay until Oskan and the witches transport the allied forced of The Icemark and Polypopntus back. While the allies defeat the Ice Demons. Oskan battles Medea and Cronus. Oskan is killed by the two of them but because there is a loophole that if one adept kills another they love they must pay the appointed cost and so they suffer dissolution.
Appearance
Medea is described as small and slender. She is portrayed as beautiful. She has long black hair, deathly pale skin and black pupilless eyes. She wears long-sleeved dresses.
Personality
Medea has an odd personality. Medea is a vindictive, selfish girl who resents her siblings and sees them as having more of her parents' love then herself. She is dark, cold-hearted and mysterious. She is mainly quiet but is intelligent and cunning. She is detached from everyone and feels no compassion for anyone or anything. She has no friends and never wishes to socialise with her family. She prefers to spend her time locked in her tower room where she feels safest. When she does join her family she is locked in a deep and brooding silence. She blames her family for her loneliness. She has great trouble communicating her needs and her feelings. She chooses to become evil rather than good as those with magical ability inherited from the Old Ones must make that choice. She thinks that she is misunderstood and blames others for her own evil nature.
Character Origins
As with a lot of Stuart Hill characters, Medea is based upon a character from history. She is based upon Medea from Greek mythology who was a cunning, evil sorceress.
Her middle name of Clytemnestra, as with her forename is based on another character from a Greek tragedy. It also bears a heavy resemblance to Thirrin's late aunt Elemnestra.
Her surname Lindenshield is named after a Viking shield made of linden wood.
Abilities
Medea's magical ability is first discovered when she is a child. It is weak at first and merely consists of predicting what they will have for dinner and making a mouse materialise across her bed but by 14 her powers have grown strong.
Medea has the ability to manipulate matter and create lifeforms from it.
Medea is a talented weather witch. She can create storms and draw lightning from the skies. She counters the lightning so it doesn't burn her with a blood-freezing arctic cold.
She also has a far-seeing ability allowing her to see across the ocean though it is limited. Her far-seeing is a lot stronger than her father's that can barely make it to the eaves of the forest.
She has mind-shielding ability that is second to none.
She also has the power of possession and the ability to travel in the Spirit Realm in spirit form.
In Last Battle Of The Icemark her abilities are almost limitless. The most notable addition to her armoury is the ability to shapeshift. She does this three times; once into Cronus, once into a Fire Wraith and once into a giant eagle. She also has acquired the ability to freeze time.
References
The Icemark Chronicles
Sufers (Romansh: Sur) is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
History
Sufers is first mentioned in 831 as Subere.
Geography
Sufers has an area, , of . Of this area, 13.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while 23.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (61.6%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Rheinwald sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It is a Haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square).
A dam on the Hinterrhein river was built in 1962 and forms the reservoir Sufnersee.
Demographics
Sufers has a population (as of ) of . , 3.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -6.6%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 52.0% male and 48.0% female. The age distribution, , in Sufers is; 14 people or 12.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 11 people or 9.6% are 10 to 14, and 4 people or 3.5% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 11 people or 9.6% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 18 people or 15.7% are 30 to 39, 10 people or 8.7% are 40 to 49, and 17 people or 14.8% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 12 people or 10.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 10 people or 8.7% are 70 to 79, there are 8 people or 7.0% who are 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 57.3% of the vote. The next two most popular parties were the FDP (19.3%) and the CVP (2.1%).
In Sufers about 77.9% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Sufers has an unemployment rate of 0.29%. , there were 26 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 9 businesses involved in this sector. 12 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector. 27 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 7 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (91.3%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common ( 4.3%) and Romansh being third ( 3.5%).
References
External links
Official Web site (in German)
Municipalities of Graubünden
Istanbul Technical University National Center for High Performance Computing (ITU NCHPC), started in 2004 with the support of Prime Ministry State Planning Organization. The main goals of the National Center for High Performance Computing are to build awareness regarding computational sciences and engineering in Turkey and to make ready a computational infrastructure for scientific researches and R&D services.
The targeted user groups in NCHPC Center:
Scientific researchers that are made in universities and public sector's research departments,
R&D departments of industrial companies that need computational resources for their services,
The projects of international research and application.
References
External links
ITU NCHPC, Official site
Some documents
FAQ
Brochure about ITU NCHPC
NCHPC, Site for global HPC news.
NCHPC Forum
Istanbul Technical University
Supercomputer sites
This is a list of notable events relating to the environment in 1978. They relate to environmental law, conservation, environmentalism and environmental issues.
Events
The Kessler syndrome is proposed. It is a scenario in which the density of objects in low Earth orbit is high enough that collisions between objects could cause a cascade – each collision generating debris which increases the likelihood of further collisions. It would render space exploration unfeasible for a period of time.
The Australian state of Victoria passes the Environment Effects Act 1978.
The environmental issues surrounding the notorious Love Canal, a former dump site in the neighborhood in Niagara Falls, New York, in the United States, is highlighted in the media.
The Royal Commission on Nuclear Power Generation in New Zealand reported back to the Government. The report concluded that there was no immediate need but it may be economically possible in the 21st century.
The Green Wall of China, a major series of tree planting designed to hold back the expansion of the Gobi Desert, was started. There has been some debate about the effectiveness of the project.
January
Manufacturing of PCBs was prohibited in the US, pursuant to the Toxic Substances Control Act.
February
The 1976 Barcelona Convention for Protection against Pollution in the Mediterranean Sea (Barcelona Convention), a regional convention to prevent and abate pollution from ships, aircraft and land based sources in the Mediterranean Sea, comes into force.
March
The Amoco Cadiz oil spill occurred on the coast of Brittany, France resulting in the largest oil spill of its kind in history to that date.
The Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Seals enters into force.
October
The Environmental Modification Convention, formally the Convention on the Prohibition of Military or Any Other Hostile Use of Environmental Modification Techniques is an international treaty prohibiting the military or other hostile use of environmental modification techniques, entered into force.
The Marine Mammals Protection Act is passed in New Zealand.
US President Jimmy Carter signed the Antarctic Conservation Act.
November
US President Jimmy Carter signed the Endangered Species Act Amendments of 1978.
See also
Human impact on the environment
List of environmental issues
References
Mirabad (, also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 238, in 60 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Mike Ramos may refer to:
Mike Ramos (decathlete)
Mike Ramos (footballer)
Michael A. Ramos, American attorney
See also
Myke Ramos, Brazilian footballer
The lowland akalat (Sheppardia cyornithopsis) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
lowland akalat
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
lowland akalat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Storthoaks (2016 population: ) is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within the Rural Municipality of Storthoaks No. 31 and Census Division No. 1. The village is located approximately 129 km east of the City of Estevan on Highway 361 and 16 km west of the Saskatchewan-Manitoba border.
History
Storthoaks incorporated as a village on June 5, 1940.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Storthoaks had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the Village of Storthoaks recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Villages of Saskatchewan
Block settlement
Footnotes
Villages in Saskatchewan
Storthoaks No. 31, Saskatchewan
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
Faith is the third studio album by country artist Faith Hill, released in 1998. Due to the success of the single "This Kiss" in Australia and the UK, the album was released under the title Love Will Always Win, featuring the title track, a new version of "Piece of My Heart" and two new versions of "Let Me Let Go", which replace "You Give Me Love", "My Wild Frontier", "Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me" and the original version of "Let Me Let Go". Other tracks on this album are mixed differently and remove some of the country elements and replacing them with a more pop sound. In some countries, "It Matters to Me", the title track and hit single from Hill's second album, is also included as a bonus track. "Better Days" was previously recorded by Bekka & Billy on their debut album. "Love Will Always Win" was later issued as a single by Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood from Brooks' album The Lost Sessions. "I Love You" was originally recorded by Celine Dion for her album, Falling into You. The album was released on April 21, 1998 and was certified six-times Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of over six million copies in the United States.
Track listing
North American version
International version – Love Will Always Win
Personnel
David Angell - violin
Bob Bailey - background vocals
Larry Beaird - acoustic guitar
Bekka Bramlett - background vocals
Steve Brewster - drums
Mike Brignardello - bass guitar
Pat Buchanan - electric guitar
Larry Byrom - acoustic guitar
John Catchings - cello
Beth Nielsen Chapman - background vocals
Joe Chemay - bass guitar
Lisa Cochran - background vocals
David Davidson - violin
Mark Douthit - saxophone
Glen Duncan - fiddle
Connie Ellisor - violin
Kim Fleming - background vocals
Larry Franklin - fiddle
Paul Franklin - steel guitar
Byron Gallimore - electric guitar
Sonny Garrish - steel guitar
Vince Gill - background vocals
Carl Gorodetzky - violin
Jim Grosjean - viola
Mike Haynes - trumpet
Aubrey Haynie - fiddle
Tom Hemby - mandolin, gut string guitar
Faith Hill – lead and background vocals
Dann Huff - electric guitar
Ronn Huff - conductor
John Barlow Jarvis - piano
Mike Johnson - steel guitar
Jeff King - electric guitar
Anthony LaMarchina - cello
Lee Larrison - violin
Paul Leim - drums
Bob Mason - cello
Brent Mason - electric guitar
Chris McDonald - trombone
Tim McGraw - duet vocals
Terry McMillan - percussion
Gene Miller - background vocals
Cate Myer - violin
Steve Nathan - keyboards
Craig Nelson - bass guitar, background vocals
Michael Omartian - piano, accordion, keyboards
Kim Parent - background vocals
Chris Rodriguez - background vocals
Pamela Sixfin - violin
Joe Spivey - fiddle
Julia Tanner - cello
Alan Umstead - violin
Catherine Umstead - violin
Gary Vanosdale - viola
Mary Kathryn Vanosdale - violin
Biff Watson - acoustic guitar
Kristin Wilkinson - viola
Lonnie Wilson - acoustic guitar, drums
Todd Wolfe - electric guitar
Glenn Worf - bass guitar
Curtis Young - background vocals
Production
Producers: Faith Hill and Byron Gallimore (tracks 1, 2, 4-7, 10), Faith Hill and Dann Huff (tracks 3, 8, 9, 11, 12)
Associate producer: Ann Callis
Engineers: Jeff Balding, Julian King
Assistant engineers: Jeff Balding, Ricky Cobble, Mark Hagan, Richard Hanson, Joe Hayden, Chris Rowe, Aaron Swihart, Marty Williams
Mixing: Chris Lord-Alge
Mixing assistant: Mike Dy
Mastering: Doug Sax
Editing: Eric Mansfield
Assistant: Missi Callis
Production coordination: Lauren Koch
String arrangements: Ronn Huff
Art direction: Sheli Jones, Aimee McMahan, Sandra Westerman
Design: Garrett Rittenberry
Photography: Russ Harrington
Hair stylist: Earl Cox
Stylists: Lisa Fernandez, Claudia McConnell-Fowler, Jonathon Skow
Make-up: Stacey Martin
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1998 albums
Faith Hill albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by Dann Huff
Albums produced by Byron Gallimore
Donavan Freberg (born April 6, 1971, in Los Angeles, California, U.S.) is an American photographer, advertising creative, voice actor, and writer.
Freberg is probably best known for appearing in a series of commercials for Encyclopædia Britannica produced by his father, satirist and advertising creative Stan Freberg. The 1988–1993 advertising campaign was the most successful in the company's 200-year history and Donavan was elevated to cult status. He was parodied on Saturday Night Live and dubbed a "Pop Intellectual" by GQ magazine. He was spoofed in a 2003 feature in The Onion, and in 2006 was chosen for VH1's "100 Greatest Teen Stars," ranking number 83.
Freberg's voice-acting credits include Peanuts' Linus (1977–1978) and Charlie Brown (1978–1980) in commercials and public service announcements, Tom Little on The Littles (1983–1985), Montgomery Moose on The Get-Along Gang, the video game Zork: Grand Inquisitor, and voiceovers for hundreds of radio and television commercials. He also performed the puppet character Baby Boolie on The Weird Al Show.
Freberg currently works as a portrait photographer in Los Angeles. His work has been featured in Forbes, Los Angeles magazine, and the Instagram book This Is Happening. Freberg's headshot clientele include working actors and Fortune 500 companies, notably the CEO of Snapchat, Evan Spiegel.
References
External links
Donavan Freberg's profile at Voice Chasers
"Making Portraits That Capture a Life" (Legacy.com article)
1971 births
Living people
American advertising people
American male voice actors
American bloggers
Photographers from Los Angeles
American male bloggers
Puning Temple () is a Buddhist temple located on Mount Wu'an in Yushan County, Jiangxi, China.
History
The temple was first established between 668 and 670, under the Tang dynasty (618–907). It was converted from the private residence donated by painter and official Yan Liben.
The temple had reached unprecedented heyday in the Song dynasty (960–1279), during that time, it was about 30 mu in size with over 100 rooms and halls, and included 160 monks.
After Song dynasty, the temple declined and was incredibly disappeared during the late Yuan dynasty (1271–1368).
Puning Temple was restored in 1822, in the reign of Daoguang Emperor in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911).
In 1924, Puning Temple became collapsed for neglect. Then Abbot Fasen () rebuilt it.
In 1933, in order to build the Zhejiang–Jiangxi railway, the government demolished the Middle Hall.
In 1942, Puning Temple turned to ashes by a devastating fire during the Japanese invasion of the Second Sino-Japanese War.
Architecture
Now the existing main buildings include Shanmen, Heavenly Kings Hall, Mahavira Hall, Buddhist Texts Library and the Tomb of Yan Liben.
Gallery
References
Buddhist temples in Jiangxi
Buildings and structures in Shangrao
Tourist attractions in Shangrao
1994 establishments in China
20th-century Buddhist temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1994
"Side of a Bullet" is Nickelback's seventh and final single from the album All the Right Reasons. The song was released only to U.S. rock stations.
Background
The song is a tribute to Dimebag Darrell who was shot and killed on stage while performing in Columbus, Ohio, with Damageplan. It features aggressive guitars and double bass drumming. The lyrics for "Side of a Bullet" focus on the murder of Darrell, the anger at the perpetrator Nathan Gale and the aftermath thereof. The guitar solo combines outtakes by Darrell originally meant to be used on the Pantera albums Vulgar Display of Power and Far Beyond Driven. Darrell's girlfriend Rita Haney and his brother Vinnie Paul gave Nickelback permission to use the outtakes. At first Nickelback wanted to have Vinnie Paul playing on the track but he declined by stating that Nickelback's drummer Daniel Adair performed just as well as he could.
"Side of a Bullet" charted on the U.S. Mainstream Rock Chart, peaking at number 7, giving Nickelback their fourth top-ten hit on the chart from All the Right Reasons.
Charts
References
2007 singles
Nickelback songs
Songs inspired by deaths
Songs written by Chad Kroeger
Songs based on real people
2005 songs
Roadrunner Records singles
Songs written by Daniel Adair
Songs written by Mike Kroeger
Pantera
Heavy metal songs
The 2005 Kazakhstan Premier League was the 14th season of the Kazakhstan Premier League, the highest football league competition in Kazakhstan, and took place between 2 April and 6 November.
Teams
For the 2005 season, the league was reduced to 16, so with Semey, Kaisar, Akzhayik and Yassi-Sairam being relegated the previous season, only Bulat-MST were promoted.
Before the start of the season Aktobe-Lento became Aktobe and newly promoted Bolat CSKA became Bulat-MSK.
Team overview
League table
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
References
Kazakhstan Premier League seasons
1
Kazakh
Kazakh
The Randy Shilts Award is an annual literary award, presented by Publishing Triangle to honour works of non-fiction of relevance to the gay community. First presented in 1997, the award was named in memory of American journalist Randy Shilts.
Winners
1997 — Anthony Heilbut, Thomas Mann: Eros and Literature
1998 — David Sedaris, Naked
1999 — John Loughery, The Other Side of Silence
2000 — Eric Brandt, Dangerous Liaisons: Blacks, Gays and the Struggle for Equality
2001 — Mark Matousek, The Boy He Left Behind: A Man's Search for His Lost Father
2002 — [tie] Ricardo J. Brown, The Evening Crowd at Kirmser's; Robert Reid-Pharr, Black Gay Man
2003 — Neil Miller, Sex Crime Panic
2004 — John D'Emilio, Lost Prophet: The Life and Times of Bayard Rustin
2005 — David K. Johnson, The Lavender Scare: The Cold War Persecution of Gays and Lesbians in the Federal Government
2006 — Martin Moran, The Tricky Part: One Boy's Fall from Trespass into Grace
2007 — Kenji Yoshino, Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights
2008 — Michael Rowe, Other Men's Sons
2009 — Kai Wright, Drifting Toward Love: Black, Brown, Gay and Coming of Age on the Streets of New York
2010 — James Davidson, The Greeks and Greek Love
2011 — Justin Spring, Secret Historian: The Life and Times of Samuel Steward
2012 — Mark D. Jordan, Recruiting Young Love: How Christians Talk About Homosexuality
2013 — Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America
2014 — Hilton Als, White Girls
2015 — Robert Beachy, Gay Berlin: Birthplace of a Modern Identity
2016 — [tie] Barney Frank, Frank: A Life in Politics from the Great Society to Same-Sex Marriage and Michelangelo Signorile, It's Not Over: Getting Beyond Tolerance, Defeating Homophobia, and Winning True Equality
2017 — David France, How to Survive a Plague
2018 — Eli Clare, Brilliant Imperfection
2019 — Alexander Chee, How to Write an Autobiographical Novel
2020 — Saeed Jones, How We Fight for Our Lives
2021 — Eric Cervini, The Deviant's War: The Homosexual vs. the United States of America
2022 — Brian Broome, Punch Me Up to the Gods
References
External links
Triangle Awards
American non-fiction literary awards
Awards established in 1997
Francisco Funes (born 25 March 1950) is a former Salvadoran cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Salvadoran male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of El Salvador
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Stilian Ivanov( CV ) (Bulgarian: Стилиян Боянов Иванов; Stiliyan Boyanov Ivanov) is a Bulgarian film director and screenwriter.
Education
Ivanov graduated with a gold medal from the National Gymnasium of Natural Sciences and Mathematics in Sofia. In 1994 he received an MFA (Master of Fine Arts) degree in Directing at the National academy for theatre and film arts (NATFA) in the class of prof. Hacho Boyadzhiev.
Career
Still a student at NATFA, Stiliyan Ivanov started working in the Bulgarian National Television (BNT). In 2001 he got a job in Msat and created the television newscast “The Naked News” (“Golite novini”), which was cancelled by the National council for radio and television (NCRTV), and “Without Anesthesia” (Bez upoika) – a programme about the ups and downs of the Bulgarian media. He was an executive officer and artistic director of TV “Veselina” (2003-2004), where he created and directed 45 original spectacles in the TV variety show “Starry Music Hall” (“Zvezdno variete”). From 2004 till 2007 he was an executive officer and consultant of BBT TV, author of the shows: “Stardust” (“Zvezden prah”), “Paint Yourself with a Song” (“Narisuvai se s pesen”), “Tea or Coffee”(“Chai ili kafe),“ With you is Vasa (“S vas a Vasa”).
In May 2009 Stiliyan Ivanov created TV Art – a television and a website about art, culture, tourism and travelling. [1] TV Art prepares a thoroughly authentic programme and it first broadcast on 24 May 2009. In 2010 TV Art began airing on the Bulgarian cable networks.
Ivanov is a shareholder and executive officer of TV Art and co-owner of the production company Dodofilm and radio “Antena”; a teacher in documentary studies and Internet television.
Filmography
Stiliyan Ivanov is author and director of over 36 documentaries, 200 music videos and 1000 TV shows.
1995-2001
A film about Lili Ivanova – “Privately with Lili”, broadcast on the Christmas TV special of BNT.
For BNT he created the first celebrity show – “Faces” (“Lica”) and in 2001 - ”Elite”.
A biographical film about Vanga – created upon her request and broadcast on BNT, released on DVD in 2011. The film has stirred interest both in Bulgaria and Russia on a variety of occasions. BNT World still broadcast the film several times a year and the Russian national television OPT invites Stiliyan Ivanov on its most popular shows.
The folklore show “Darned Youth” (“Pusta mladost”) by ensemble “Pirin”, released on videotape and spread all over the world.
The poetic performance “Love, Love” with the actress Nevena Kokanova and the cello player Anatoli Krastev
The musical film “Songs without Borders”, shot in Greece, Turkey, Albania, Macedonia and Bulgaria
The folklore show “The Fourth Dimension” was created upon the request of an English production company, released on DVD and broadcast on BNT
A documentary film about prof. Cyril Stefanov
The children's TV musical “Hero Rooster” (“Younak Petlio”)
The TV cabaret “Cabaret Bulgaran”
The documentary film “Rumyana”
The documentary film “Katie – a dream come true”
Documentaries about Nadka Karadjova, Valya Balkanska, Theodosii Spassov
A documentary film about Emil Dimitrov, which has aired on BNT as a two-part miniseries and later repeatedly broadcast on the national television and BNT World. The film combines an interview with Emil Dimitrov, stories of the singer's family, the popular Russian singer Alla Pugacheva, Mitko Shterev, Iordanka Hristova, duet Riton, prof. Aleksandar Iosifov and many other celebrities and Dimitrov's friends. In the beginning of 2011 Stiliyan Ivanov's documentaries “VANGYA” and “Emil Dimitrov - Glory! Love! Loneliness!” were released on the Bulgarian DVD market. An initiative committee bought and gave away copies of both of the films to all Bulgarian regional libraries. These films are used as a reliable source of information for the publications, books and scripts dedicated to Vanga and Emil Dimitrov by a lot of journalists, writers and annalists.
2002-2009
The two-part documentary film “An Unfinished Story - Hacho Boyadzhiev”, released on DVD
Late night TV and radio show “Flight Over the Night” (“Polet nad noshta”)
TV theatre “The Man Eater” based on Ivan Radoev's play
The documentary trilogy “About Dogs and People” (“Za kuchetata I horata”)
A documentary about the history and culture of Malta
“A Lighthouse for our Souls” – dedicated to Reverend Stoina and released on DVD
“The Vera Phenomenon” – the private life and talents of Vera Kochovska
“The healer Petur Dimkov”
“The truth about Orpheus”. The realization of the project took over two years. “The truth about Orpheus” is the most expensive documentary film made after 1989. The film was shot in 14 different countries where the director found museum artifacts and excavations connected with Orpheus and the Orphism. The film sold 20 000 copies. The film screened not only in Bulgaria but also in Turkey and India. An American film company got interested in the project, bought its rights and assigned the director the task to extend the film by turning it into a trilogy.
“The Thracians” – released on DVD all over the world
“Music”
After 2009
the documentary series “The Path of Human Civilisation” consisting of the films: “Mesopotamia – traces in the sand”; “Anatolia – the land of the mother goddess”; “Anatolia – the Land of the Sun” and “Anatolia – the Land of Tombs”
“This is Bulgaria too” – about the places in Bulgaria with “magical” energy: the seven Rila lakes, Madara, the archaeological reserve Yailata, the cliff Belintash, etc.
“Welcome to Turkey”- a project fulfilled with the cooperation of the Turkish Ministry of culture and tourism. The shooting of the film lasted 90 days and took place in the farthest regions of Bulgarian southern neighbour.
“Recipes for Happiness” – a film about healthy eating, the advantages of vegetarianism and the system of Emilova M.D.
“Lights from an Exhibition” – a film about the work and philosophy of the artist Lili Dimkova
“The Dervishes” – a film about the Sufism, dervishes and the Persian poet Rumi. In the end of 2010 Stiliyan Ivanov headed to Konya (Turkey) for the celebration of the dervishes and Rumi's disciples from all over the world (17 December). There he shot a 56 -minute full-length film, which became part of the series “Reports on faith”
“Recipes for Happiness 2”
Documentaries about Bolshoi Theatre, Zvyozdny gorodok and the Russian Cathedral of Christ the Saviour
“Thank you, Emilova M.D.”
In 2011, 2012 and 2013 Stiliyan Ivanov led a master class on documentary studies and Internet television with journalism students and university applicants from Moscow, Tula, Sevastopol and Oryol (Orel). In September 2013 he was guest of the branch of Lomonosov Moscow State University in Sevastopol. There he taught another master class and was awarded by the Russian Union of Journalists for “high professional achievements”.
Awards and honours
From the Russian Union of Journalists for “high professional achievements” - 2013.
10th anniversary Eurasian TV and cinema festival – 2007
Second international film festival “True Heart” (“Vernoe Serdce”), Moscow – 2007
“I, Human” (“Ya - chelovek”), Orenburg – 2007
“Director of the year” – 1999, for pop folk music video
“Director of the year” – 1997, for pop folk music video
References
1.↑ About us
External links
В Москве открылась выставка фракийских сокровищ из Болгарии (An exhibition of the Bulgarian Thracian treasure opened in Moscow – September 2013; in Russian)
Наш режисьор снима филм за руската Троя (A Bulgarian director is making a film about the Russian Troy – September 2013, “Pressa” daily; in Bulgarian )
Biography ( CV ) Stilian Ivanov
For the feast of the dervishes in Konya - VIDEO - trailer
The path of human civilization - trailer
THE CRADLE OF HUMAN CIVILIZATION
"The path of human civilization” Continues in Turkey
Bulgaristan'ın TV-ART adlı televizyon kanalı Anadolu'da İnsan Uygarlıkları adlı belgesel için Kaş ve Demre'de çekimler yaptı (in Turkish)
İnsan medeniyetleri yolunda (in Turkish)
Redal Media Buys Bulgarian Film about Orpheus
Вангу воскресят на экране (in Russian)
Ванга предсказала, как отразится на человечестве глобальный кризис! (in Russian)
Приключиха снимките на документалния филм "Пътят на цивилизацията" на ТVart - 70 милиона ще гледат филма догодина
70 милиона жители ще гледат българския филм на TV Art - Пътят на цивилизацията
1968 births
Living people
Bulgarian film directors
People from Sandanski
Macedonian Bulgarians
Hiromi Kawabata (川畑宏美, born 23 March 1979) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
Japanese women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Japan
"Head Up High" is a song by Danish singer-songwriter Oh Land, taken from her fourth studio album Earth Sick (2014). It was released as the album's lead single on 14 October 2014 through Tusk or Tooth Records. The single was written and produced solely by Oh Land. In order to record both the song and the parent album, the singer relied on donations from fans to a PledgeMusic campaign she created. Described as a dance-pop recording, "Head Up High" originated as a song written for a close friend of Oh Land who was having relationship issues.
Noted as a standout track on Earth Sick, "Head Up High" received praise from music critics. Other reviewers noted that the single was interesting and uplifting. An accompanying music video for the track was released onto her Vevo account in October 2014. It was directed by Duncan Winecoff and features Oh Land dancing and singing in a dark studio. A live performance of "Head Up High" was also uploaded onto her Vevo account in March 2015.
Background and writing
In early 2014, Oh Land announced plans to record a fourth studio album in her own New York City apartment in an attempt to "return to her roots". Relying on funding from herself and fans, she set up a PledgeMusic campaign in order to begin work on the project. In exchange, those who donated to the fund would receive autographed CD copies of the then-upcoming album, merchandise such as tote bags and prior albums, and tickets to see an interview with the singer. Oh Land recorded "Head Up High" at her home studio in 2014. She then released the song as the lead single from Earth Sick on 14 October 2014.
On 3 March 2015, Tusk or Tooth Records released a digital EP with six remixes of "Head Up High" produced by MS MR, Penguin Prison, CSS, Lauren Flax, and Mercury. Oh Land described CSS's remix as "more club and minimal" and compared its sound to the music of the 1980s. Reflecting on all six of the remixes, Oh Land claimed that she only asked musicians that she "really admire[s]" to create the mixes. She then stated that she enjoyed listening to what the different musicians could create from her music.
Composition and lyrics
"Head Up High" was solely written and produced Oh Land. Tore Nissen, who served as a co-producer on Earth Sick, also co-mastered, co-mixed, and played instruments on the track. Rolling Stones Kory Grow described its genre as dance-pop and noted the "reedy synths" in the production. In order to achieve the sound heard in "Head Up High", Oh Land used "sound samples from [her] everyday life" and "mixed [them] with string quartet recordings" that were created at her Copenhagen residence. Jason Lipshutz, a writer for Billboard, commented that this effect helped make "an altogether spellbinding effort". Michael Cragg from The Guardian described it as "effortlessly featherlight, symphonic pop with a warm heart".
After learning that a close friend of hers was dealing with issues in her romantic life, Oh Land took it upon herself to write a song that had the power to liberate the friend. However, she forgot about the track until that friend reminded the singer of it nearly an entire year later. Oh Land completed recording the song and decided to include it on Earth Sick. Acknowledging the clichés in the pre-chorus, Michael Cragg remarked that they "somehow sound enriching". The lyrics feature encouraging and helpful mantras: "No heavy rain's going to hold me down any more". The chorus consists of the phrase "high up" sung repeatedly.
Critical reception
General feedback from music critics suggested that "Head Up High" was one of the best tracks on Earth Sick. Billboards Jason Lipshutz wrote that it was one of two highlights, with the other being "Favor Friends", on the parent album. Kai Hermann, a writer for Nothing but Hope and Passion, found the song to be one of the "very interesting pieces" and "biggest highlights" on Earth Sick. Robin Murray from Clash was pleased with the "euphoric [and] enormously uplifting release" and found that the singer was "pouring her heart and soul into each note"; commenting on the Mercury remix of "Head Up High", she stated it was "packed with colour" and called it an "enormously energetic piece of music aimed straight at the dancefloor".
Music video and promotion
The accompanying music video for "Head Up High" was released onto Oh Land's Vevo account on 20 October 2014. It was directed by frequent collaborator Duncan Winecoff and produced by Oh Land, Winecoff, Stuart Winecoff, Emi Stewart, and Sam Campodonico-Ludwig. The video starts with Oh Land walking down a sidewalk at night. She then enters a small, darkened studio where she is shown dancing and singing. The following scenes display the singer appearing stressed and she eventually places a mask on top of head and grabs a baseball bat. She then proceeds to throw a potted plant and vase of flowers against a brick wall, knock over a glass of orange juice, and smash a desktop computer. The news team behind Nothing but Hope and Passion described the visual as "atmospheric". A live performance of "Head Up High" was also uploaded to the singer's Vevo account on September 25, 2015.
Track listings and formats
Digital download
"Head Up High" – 3:31
The Remixes EP
"Head Up High" (MS MR Remix) – 4:09
"Head Up High" (Penguin Prison Remix) – 4:22
"Head Up High" (CSS Remix) – 4:13
"Head Up High" (Lauren Flax Remix) – 4:20
"Head Up High" (Mercury Remix) – 7:31
"Head Up High" (Mercury Dub Remix) – 7:31
Credits and personnel
Credits and personnel adapted from Earth Sick liner notes.
Recording
Recorded at Nanna's Apartment (New York City)
Personnel
Nanna Øland Fabricius – vocals, lyrics, production, string arrangements, mixing, instruments
Justin Tyler Close – cover photography
Marcelo Gomes – cover photography
Eske Kath – cover illustrations
Tore Nissen – mastering, mixing, instruments
References
External links
2014 singles
2014 songs
Danish dance-pop songs
Oh Land songs
Songs written by Oh Land
4192: The Crowning of the Hit King is a 2010 documentary film that follows the exploits and achievements of Pete Rose, a baseball player. The film, directed by Terry Lukemire, is narrated by J. K. Simmons. The film stars Marty Brennaman, Tony Pérez, Mike Schmidt, and Pete Rose himself, who relay the struggle and effort it took to make history through America's favorite pastime.
Synopsis
On the evening of September 11, 1985, before a sellout crowd at Riverfront Stadium in Cincinnati, Pete Rose stood on the edge of history. With one swing he would collect more hits than anyone in the history of the game he loved. 4192: The Crowning of the Hit King is a love letter to baseball that highlights the playing career of one of the game's most honored and controversial stars. It is a story that began in 1963 when Rose ran to first base on a walk. It spanned more than two decades and brought numerous individual awards as well as three World Series titles. But there is more to this story than just awards. It is about baseball and what drove this man to chase what many thought was an unbreakable record and become "The Hit King."
Cast
Pete Rose - As Himself
Marty Brennaman - As Himself
Tony Pérez - As Himself
Mike Schmidt - As Himself
J.K. Simmons - Narrator
References
External links
American sports documentary films
2010 films
Biographical films about sportspeople
Documentary films about baseball
American baseball films
Cultural depictions of baseball players
Cultural depictions of American men
2010s English-language films
2010 documentary films
2010s American films
William Haggin Perry (December 5, 1910 - November 12, 1993) was an American owner and breeder of thoroughbred racehorses.
Early life
Perry was the son of Henry Pierrepont Perry, a Wall Street stockbroker, and Edith Lounsbery, who was the daughter of Richard P. Lounsbery and Edith Hunter Haggin who in turn was the daughter of one of America's most prominent horsemen, James Ben Ali Haggin. The Ben Ali Haggin family were the descendants of Ibrahim Ben Ali, who was one of the first Turkish settlers to the United States.
Although born in New York City, Perry spent a good deal of his childhood at Rancho Del Paso, the huge Haggin family ranch in Sacramento County, California. The family owned a summer estate in Newport, Rhode Island and young Perry studied there at St. George's School before going on to Yale University.
Racing
In 1960, through his Gamely Corporation, Perry entered into an annual foal sharing partnership with Arthur Hancock of Claiborne Farm. Perry raced many top runners including 1979 Belmont Stakes winner Coastal. His early success in racing came with the filly Alanesian who in turn produced Boldnesian and Princessnesian. Perry's first Champion was Lamb Chop in 1963, followed by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Gamely in 1967, and Revidere in 1976.
Personal life
Perry and his wife Nicole made their home at Waterford Farm, a 144-acre equestrian estate in Buchanan County, Virginia about four miles from the village of Middleburg. According to Armfield, Miller & Ripley Fine Properties, LLC, real estate agents who sold the property, The Chronicle of the Horse publication called Waterford Farm "one of the ten most important thoroughbred facilities in the United States during the late 1970s and early 80s."
Death
In 1993, William Haggin Perry died at Waterford Farm at age eighty-five. He was inducted posthumously in the Virginia Thoroughbred Association Hall of Fame in 1994.
References
1910 births
1993 deaths
American people of English descent
American people of Turkish descent
American racehorse owners and breeders
Sportspeople from New York City
People from Buchanan County, Virginia
St. George's School (Rhode Island) alumni
A Common Source Data Base (CSDB) is to provide the user (mainly technical authors, illustrators and publication managers) with automated processes to handle the complete palette of CSDB objects. Technical documentation is used in many areas of the everyday life. Product liability and many other issues regarding consumer protection have to be covered inside technical documentation. At minimum, a drawing including a few locators has to be provided. Much of this information is in accordance with the international S1000D specification.
Description
A special form of technical documentation is electronic technical documentation, a further subform is interactive electronic technical documentation (IETD). The complexity of IETD especially regarding the huge mass of data elements, their linkage and the version management issuing and release process must be controlled via a special document management system. To handle these complex structures of ASD S1000D IETDs, the Common Source Data Base is necessary.
Starting with the smallest addressable unit, the DataModules under the use of different Document Type Definitions (DTD's) or schemas has to be supported. Furthermore, the publications, in process review forms (IPRF's) in later S1000D versions known as comments, for authoring reasons must be provided. Last but not least the illustrations and all kinds of hotspot declaration files have to be assisted.
Regarding processes to perform the S1000D file-based exchange between customer and/or industry, to generate complete IETDs and to verify all these processes, the CSDB must ensure data integrity and security during all actions listed above.
Support the handling of technical publication
These technical publications consist of DataModules (DMs), Illustrations (ICNs), partly hotspot-declarations and its Info Object instance (IO) or the Publication Module (PM) in later Versions of S1000D.
The Info Object instance (XML file, using a special Document Type Definition) consists of DM- and ICN-references to guide the loading process into a retrieval system and to build the table of content, partly the list of applicable publications LOAP.
Connection between exchanging, authoring/illustrating environment and data vault
The basic mechanism is to copy S1000D objects like DMs, IPRF's or Illustrations out of the secured vault of a CSDB into a working area, to avoid that more than one user is able to change the object.
After the changes have been performed, the object will be copied back to the CSDB vault and its issue increased.
Furthermore, the CSDB is able to support technical authors or operators with a checking environment.
The checks result in standardized files like CSV or plain text, to ensure an easy transfer to the originator of the checked data. The originator may be the technical author during the authoring process or in case of international data exchange in accordance with ASD/AIA S1000D, an industrial partner respective a sub-contractor who delivers documentation.
The checks enclose tests against official documents like:
– business rules of the project
– guidance documents
– style guide documents
– :de:S1000D
and its versions
– or starting at the version 2.3 of S1000D, against the business rule exchange datamodule (BREX DM).
Nationalisation
If the customer is interested in national/translated and customized documentation out of the common documentation, a nationalization process must be supported of the CSDB.
ASD/AIA S1000D file-based data exchange
Data exchange routines and automatisms are the most important reason to develop a CSDB, to ensure a process reliability.
The import and export routines can be fully automated or be performed via CSDB operator.
The components of a Data exchange package are for example:
– one data dispatch note (DDN)
– a certain amount of datamodules (DMs) and
– all illustrations, referenced by the DMs above.
The identifier of a DDN is the (DDN-Id) found within the sgml/xml file and expressed in the filename plus related extension.
The identifier of the DM is the data module code (DMC) found within the sgml/xml file and expressed in the filename plus related extension.
The identifier of the Illustration is the illustration control number (ICN) found within the cgm/tif/mil/cg4/etc. file and expressed in the filename plus related extension.
These packages contain all necessary information to provide the receiver with the necessary information.
Query and search
The CSDB must provide or support the complete Integrated Logistics Support (ILS) process with its information.
Thus detailed query and search masks have to be delivered.
A good solution may be to use commercial off-the-shelf database products to implement business logic.
The CSDB must be able to handle all file formats given by the actual version of S1000D.
Work Flow Component
To implement all kinds of authors and illustrators work including all supporting processes like validation and production of IETD the CSDB used by AIRBUS Defence and Space supports workflow engines and offers standardized interfaces to import and export data.
References
Computer data
Muzala Samukonga (born 9 December 2002) is a Zambian track and field sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. He won a gold medal at the 2022 African Championships at the age of 19. He also won a gold medal at the 2022 Birmingham Commonwealth Games, finishing in 44.66 seconds in the 400 metre race.
Career
Samukonga competed in the 400 m event at the 2021 World Athletics U20 Championships in Kenya, where he finished in fifth place after clocking 45.89 s. He recorded a new personal best of 45.65 s in Botswana in March 2022.
On 10 June 2022, Samukonga won a gold medal in the 400 m event at the 2022 African Championships in Mauritius, upsetting Bayapo Ndori in the finals with a time of 45.31 s. His victory ended a ten-year reign in the 400 m by athletes from Botswana, namely Isaac Makwala and Baboloki Thebe. It also qualified him for the 2022 World Athletics Championships the following month in Eugene, Oregon.
Achievements
Personal bests
All information taken from World Athletics profile.
International championships results
References
External links
Living people
2002 births
Zambian male sprinters
African Championships in Athletics winners
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Zambia
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Aksel Horgen (born 29 May 1996) is a Norwegian handball player for Bjerringbro-Silkeborg Håndbold and the Norwegian national team.
Individual awards
All-Star Right Wing of Eliteserien: 2018/2019
Best Player of Eliteserien: 2018/2019
Personal life
Is in a relationship with fellow handballer Henny Reistad.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Norwegian male handball players
Handball players from Oslo
Expatriate handball players
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1969–70 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1969–70 in Bahraini football
The Racine Correctional Institution is a state prison for men located in Sturtevant, Racine County, Wisconsin, owned and operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections. The facility opened in 1991 and holds 1573 inmates at medium security.
Notable current and former inmates
Gerald M. Turner (nicknamed "The Halloween Killer") - convicted of raping and murdering 9-year-old trick-or-treater, Lisa Ann French in 1973, released from Racine Correctional Institution in 2018.
References
Prisons in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Racine County, Wisconsin
1991 establishments in Wisconsin
Department of Commerce and Business Management is a premier, coeducational, management institute located at Amritsar, Punjab. The Department is located at Maharaja Ranjit Singh Block at Guru Nanak Dev University Campus.
Geographical location
Department of CBM is a part of Guru Nanak Dev University campus, which is spread over 500 acres (2 km²) near village of Kot Khalsa, some eight kilometer west of the Amritsar City on Amritsar - Lahore highway, next to Khalsa College, Amritsar. The campus presents a picture of modern architecture. Traditional red brick geometrical blocks represent its regard for time-honoured values and commitment to scientific advancement.
Introduction
The Department of Commere and Business Management (CBM) was initially a constituent unit of the Punjab School of Economics, but in 1984 it started functioning as an independent department. The department offers specialization in Human Resource Management, Marketing Management, Financial Management. The India Council for Technical Education has recognized CBM as a provider of quality education in management. Each member of the department bears a continuous responsibility to articulate, reinforce and reflect those values that support our highest aspiration. With innovation becoming the key element of the 21st century, CBM has envisioned to become a knowledge creating and applying institution. It aims at developing globally integrated and future oriented managers, capable of functioning in ever changing turbulent environment and pluralistic cross-cultural dimensions.
Faculty
Guru Nanak Dev University has faculty members who are among the best in the field of management and engineering. Some of them have had a long and successful stint in the corporate world, which is an integral component of their pedagogy. They bring their research into the classroom providing greater depth to the course structure. Their research papers are published in many internationally renowned management journals.
Courses
Post Graduate Courses
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Master of Business Administration in Financial Services (MBA-FS)
Master of Business Administration in Human Resource Management (MBA-HRM)
Master of Commerce (M.Com)
Master of Philosophy (M. Phil)
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D)
Placements
Partition
In the year 2014, CBM was divided into two separate departments i.e., Department of Commerce and University Business School. In the last three years (2014-2017) several different courses were introduced as a part of UBS (university business school). These are MBA Five Years Integrated, BTTM (Bachelors of tourism and Travel Management), MBA hospital administration. In 2018, the Department of Commerce with introduction of MBA Finance, is renamed as University School of Financial Studies, in its existing premise.
External links
Official Website of GNDU
Website of Commerce & Business Management Dept.(CBM), GNDU
GNDU on Google Maps
university business school website
Commerce colleges in India
Business schools in Punjab, India
University departments in India
Education in Amritsar
Guru Nanak Dev University
Memorials to Guru Nanak
The Anarchy Championship Wrestling (ACW) American Joshi Championship is a women's professional wrestling title in American independent promotion Anarchy Championship Wrestling (ACW). Portia Perez pinned Angel Blue in the finals of a six way elimination match to become the inaugural champion on August 23, 2009. The title is currently vacated.
Title history
Combined reigns
References
Women's professional wrestling championships
Regional professional wrestling championships
Slim Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
External links
Regional District of Fraser-Fort George
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 2000
2000 establishments in British Columbia
Demirar () is a rural locality (a selo) in Kilersky Selsoviet, Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 103 as of 2010.
Geography
Demirar is located 5 km southwest of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kavalar and Chuvalar are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
Nutfield railway station is on the Redhill to Tonbridge Line and serves Nutfield, Surrey, England. It is about a mile south of Nutfield itself, located in South Nutfield, a settlement which did not exist before the coming of the railway. It is measured from via .
Since 2008 the station, and all trains serving it, have been operated by Southern, following the ending of the previous Southeastern service.
History
The railway line between and was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 26 May 1842. Nutfield station opened on that line on 1 January 1884, although a public siding named 'Mid Street' had been provided here from an early date.
The station buildings were similar in style to those at Sandling Junction, although no footbridge was provided at Nutfield. The buildings were demolished in the late 1960s. Until electrification all passengers crossed the lines at rail level at the Western end of platforms, close to the signal box.
For many years a private siding from Nutfield station served the chemical works of the Nutfield Manufacturing Company, situated Southwest of the station on the site of a former brickwork.
Goods facilities were withdrawn in January 1966, and coal traffic ceased in November of that year. Full-time staffing ended on 5 November 1967 but staff was frequently provided at morning commuter peak hours until around 1990. The signal box remained in use until 10 May 1970.
In 1993 the line was electrified and services started to run through to London rather than being an extension of the Reading to Tonbridge North Downs Line service.
Station facilities
The two platforms are now linked by a footbridge.
Trains heading to Tonbridge have an information board displaying the next train details, and in May 2011 an information board was installed on Platform 1 which heads to Redhill and London.
In 2008, a PERTIS machine was installed at this station at the entrance to the Redhill-bound platform.
Services
All services at Nutfield are operated by Southern using Class 377 EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to
1 tph to
Services increase to 2 tph in each direction during the peak hours.
References
External links
Railway stations in Surrey
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1884
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
Orlando Rosa (born 27 December 1977) is a Puerto Rican former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics. In the 1995 Pan American Games 90.0 kg. freestyle category he finished sixth.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Puerto Rico
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Puerto Rican male sport wrestlers
American sportsmen
Pan American Games competitors for Puerto Rico
Wrestlers at the 1995 Pan American Games
Woolen Under Where is a 1963 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon co-directed by Phil Monroe and Richard Thompson. The short was released on May 11, 1963, and stars Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog.
Mel Blanc provided for the voices in this cartoon, however, like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts, this short is mostly composed of visual gags.
It is the seventh and final short featuring Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog. The title is a play on "woolen underwear". This episode is notable in being the only cartoon which was not directed by Chuck Jones, who was fired early in production. However, Jones was still responsible for writing the story and is credited as such.
Plot
Like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts, this one revolves around Ralph Wolf trying to steal the sheep which Sam Sheepdog is guarding. This short begins with Sam and Ralph enjoying breakfast (apparently as roommates) and walking to work. However, Sam appears far more bumbling while off duty in this short than in all the others, and he walks into trees on his way to work. Ralph punches Sam's card in, telling him as he runs into the tree where the punch clock is that he has done this. Before the whistle blows, Sam falls off the end of his cliff, just barely catching the cliff with his foot.
1. As the whistle blows, Ralph is prepared to sprint toward the sheep and even has a starting line drawn at his position. As he grabs a sheep and races back, Sam is climbing back onto his perch and unwittingly looses a rock on top of Ralph's head. Ralph races back to the position where he stole the sheep, puts it down, then races back to where the rock fell on his head, all while balancing the rock in position. Finally, he drops to the ground.
2. Ralph's next plan is to crawl under the grass of the field, lifting it like a carpet. After crawling under a sheep and trying to carry it away, Ralph is met with Sam, who has also crawled under the grass. Ralph attempts to run, but he is caught up in the grass, in much the same way as he was caught in the parachute in Ready, Woolen and Able. Sam punches Ralph and send him sliding to the edge of the grass, where his head sticks out and the bump on his head lifts the grass up further.
3. Ralph now decides to try using plate armour to protect himself from Sam. He fearlessly walks up to Sam and gives him a raspberry. Sam pulls Ralph out through his helmet by his tongue, then shoves him back through the helmet, upside down and backwards. Ralph walks away, frustrated.
4. Ralph takes the idea of using armour further and fashions a tank out of a cannon, some metal shielding, and a unicycle. It takes Ralph some time to get into position with the unwieldy unicycle and he almost falls off the cliff. Once he does get into position, Sam simply closes the flap over Ralph's gun, causing Ralph to blow himself up. Ralph circles around uncoordinated and finally suffers from gravity.
5. Ralph now attempts to burrow under Sam and deposit a reservoir of dynamite. After firing off the dynamite, the earth directly beneath Sam remains, while the circle of earth around him flies into the air. Naturally, one of the boulders lands on Ralph.
6. Ralph then notices a sheep drinking by the edge of the pond. He dons a full suit of diving gear and jumps off his own diving board made out of a plank and a rock. However, he does not jump forward far enough and lands on the plank, which falls, sending the rock after it. Ralph and the plank land on another rock, creating a teeter totter, and when the falling rock lands on the other side Ralph is launched into the air and falls into Sam's arms. Ralph stands up and dives from there, falling head-first into the ground. Unfettered, Ralph swims through the earth with a front crawl.
7. In his final plan and gag for the final cartoon, Ralph finally decides to attempt every possible attack he can on Sam, all at once. All in back of Sam (with him seemingly unaware of this), he places a guillotine, two average-sized cannons, two large cannons, an extremely large rocket, various melee weapons and a series of gears underneath Sam that intend to pull the ground out from under him, dropping him into a tank of water with two alligators in it, but before he can fully pull the master control switch to set the process in motion, the punch clock whistle blows and he and Sam both have to go home, so the two punch out and wish each other good night. As they walk off into the sunset, Ralph says "Nice day, huh, Sam?" to which Sam replies, "Yep. Good to be alive, Ralph."
See also
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog
Merrie Melodies
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1960–1969)
References
External links
1963 films
1963 animated films
1963 short films
Merrie Melodies short films
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
1960s Warner Bros. animated short films
1960s English-language films
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog films
Munger Assembly constituency is an assembly constituency in Munger district in the Indian state of Bihar. In 2015 Bihar Legislative Assembly election, Munger will be one of the 36 seats to have VVPAT enabled electronic voting machines.
Election results
2015
2020
References
External links
Assembly constituencies of Bihar
Politics of Munger district
Albert Gallatin Riddle (May 28, 1816 – May 15, 1902) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Early life
Born in Monson, Massachusetts, Riddle moved with his parents to Newbury, in the Western Reserve of Ohio, in 1817. He completed preparatory studies, and then studied law.
Career
Riddle was admitted to the bar in 1840 and began practice in Geauga County, serving as prosecuting attorney of that county 1840-1846. He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives 1848-1850, and in 1848 called the first Free Soil convention in Ohio.
Riddle moved to Cleveland, Ohio, in 1850. He was elected prosecuting attorney in 1856, and in 1859 he defended the Oberlin slave rescuers. He served as a Republican in the Thirty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1861 – March 3, 1863), making speeches in favor of arming slaves, the first on this subject that were delivered in Congress, and others on emancipation in the District of Columbia and in vindication of President Lincoln. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1862.
After his term in Congress, Riddle served as consul at Matanzas, Cuba, in 1863 and 1864. He then returned to Washington, D.C., and again engaged in the practice of law. He was retained by the State Department to aid in the prosecution of John H. Surratt as one of the accomplices in the murder of President Abraham Lincoln. He also served as law officer of the District of Columbia 1877-1889. He was in charge of the law department at Howard University for several years after its establishment.
Death and legacy
Riddle died at his home in Washington, D.C. on May 15, 1902. He was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery.
His papers are at the Western Reserve Historical Society, Cleveland, Ohio. They include the unpublished manuscript Accounts of experiences in Cuba (1862-1864).
Works
Students and Lawyers, lectures (Washington, 1873)
Bart Ridgeley, a Story of Northern Ohio (Boston, 1873)
The Portrait, a Romance of Cuyahoga Valley (1874)
Alice Brand, a Tale of the Capitol (New York, 1875)
Life, Character, and Public Services of James A. Garfield (Cleveland, 1880)
The House of Ross (Boston, 1881)
Castle Gregory (Cleveland, 1882)
Hart and his Bear (Washington, 1883)
The Young Sugar Makers of the West Woods (Cleveland, 1885)
The Hunter of the Chagrin (1882)
Mark Loan, a Tale of the Western Reserve (1883)
Old Newberry and the Pioneers (1884)
Speeches and Arguments (Washington, 1886)
Life of Benjamin F. Wade (Cleveland, 1886)
Recollections of War Times, 1860-65
Ansel's Cave: A Story of Early Life in the Western Reserve (Cleveland, 1893)
References
External links
1816 births
1902 deaths
Ohio lawyers
People from Monson, Massachusetts
People from Geauga County, Ohio
Politicians from Cleveland
People associated with the assassination of Abraham Lincoln
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American diplomats
Writers from Massachusetts
Writers from Cleveland
American consuls
19th-century American politicians
Burials at Rock Creek Cemetery
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Imehrou (also known as Imihrou) is a village in the commune of Illizi, in Illizi Province, Algeria. The village is the site of a project to introduce solar energy to Algeria, with 33 households connected to 5 solar power systems.
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Populated places in Illizi Province
The Conquest of Sylhet () predominantly refers to an Islamic conquest of Srihatta (present-day Sylhet, Bangladesh) led by Sikandar Khan Ghazi, the military general of Sultan Shamsuddin Firoz Shah of the Lakhnauti Sultanate, against the Hindu king Gour Govinda. The conquest was aided by a Muslim saint known as Shah Jalal, who later ordered his disciples to scatter throughout eastern Bengal and propagate the religion of Islam. The Conquest of Sylhet may also include other minor incidents taking place after Govinda's defeat, such as the capture of nearby Taraf.
Background
The Greater Sylhet region historically consisted of many Hindu petty kingdoms such as Srihatta (Gour), Laur and Jaintia. Govinda was a conservative Hindu ruler of the Gour Kingdom, intolerant and harsh towards other faiths such as Islam, Buddhism and even certain denominations of Hinduism. It was known by his people that Govinda practiced magic which he had learnt in the mountains of Kamaru and was religiously and militarily educated for twelve years in the Kamakhya Temple, and Kulsia Ashram (on the banks of the Kulsi River in modern-day Sualkuchi or Kulsi Reserve Forest) respectively. During his reign, he built forts all over his kingdom and established many military training camps. He is famously known to have built a seven-storey brick tower.
Although the majority of the population was Hindu, there was a small minority of Muslim families living in the country, following the short-lived Azmardan Invasion in 1254 led by the Governor of Bengal, Malik Ikhtiyaruddin Iuzbak. The Gour Kingdom bordered the independent Bengali principality of Lakhnauti ruled by the Muslim Sultan Shamsuddin Firoz Shah of the Balban dynasty. The war began when Burhanuddin Quhafa, a Muslim living in the village of Tultikar, sacrificed a cow for his newborn son's aqiqah or celebration of birth. Govinda, in a fury for what he saw as sacrilege due to his Hindu beliefs, had the newborn killed as well as having Burhanuddin's right hand cut off. Shortly after this incident, Qadi Nuruddin of Taraf celebrated his son's marriage ceremony by slaughtering a cow for them to eat. The Qadi was executed by the feudal ruler Achack Narayan. After both men being punished, Burhanuddin and Nooruddin's brother, Helimuddin, travelled to lower Bengal where they addressed their issued with Sultan Shamsuddin Firoz Shah.
At the same time, a Sufi missionary by the name of Shah Jalal was due to arrive in the region of Bengal. After being commanded by his uncle, Sheikh Kabir before his journey to reside and propagate Islam in a region in which the soil matches the one that was given to him in his home country, Shah Jalal knew that it is in Srihatta where he shall reside in for the rest of his life. Shah Jalal journeyed eastward and reached India in c. 1300, where he met many great scholars and Sufi mystics.
Conquest of Gour
As Govinda's minister, Mona Rai, was based near the port, Rai decided to stop river transport and ferries making it difficult for the opponents as the only other option was through the hills. When word of this reached Sultan Shamsuddin Firoz Shah, the commanded his nephew Sikandar Khan Ghazi to lead an army against the Raja. Sikandar marched with his soldiers towards the low-lying hills of Sylhet via Mymensingh. Govinda appointed Chakrapani as his commander-in-chief. The army was confronted by Govinda's skilful archery. Govinda's army was noted as Bengal's first army which practised the skillful art of archery. The Bengali army, inexperienced in the foreign terrain which consisted of many low-lying hills and valleys, were brought to utter shame by Govinda's archers and had no option but to retreat back to Muslim Bengal to avoid casualties.
The Sultan was not happy at all with the result of the first battle and decided that the army should train and prepare before readying themselves for another battle. In the second expedition, Sikandar took the same recognised route through Mymensingh. As the army marched through the hills, a storm took place. Due to heavy rainfall and flooding, nearly half of the army died by the time Sikandar reached Govinda. Govinda's massive war boats looked as if they were floating forts on the water according to the Gulzar-i-Abrar, a Muslim account of the war. They were defeated once again and Sikandar retreated back to Bengal for a second time, humiliated by what had occurred.
Firoz Shah then turned to his Sipah Salar (commander-in-chief) Syed Nasiruddin as he realised that this undertaking was much bigger than he anticipated and he would need a larger and more skilled army. The two armies decided to attack together but it ended in failure due to Govinda's superior military strategy. Govinda's family rejoiced over the three consecutive victories and his aunt Apurna, the queen-mother and wife of the previous Raja Govardhan, celebrated by building a large 20-acre water tank in Ambarkhana known as Rajar Mar Dighi.
Nasiruddin then returned to Bengal where he heard of the arrival of the famous saint Shah Jalal, as well as his companions who at this point numbered around 360. Shah Jalal was famed for his strong physique and tall stature, and the army decided to spend a night in his company. A much larger army was made, and this new and improved army travelled to Sylhet via Cumilla and Habiganj. The army was then guided through Sylhet once again by Ghazi Burhanuddin, ultimately arriving at the banks of the Barak River. They set their camp on top of a small hillock, northwest of the Kangsa-Nisudhana temple. From here the third battle was fought between Gour Govinda and the combined armies of Shah Jalal and Syed Nasiruddin, with the latter forces ultimately claiming victory. Shah Jalal called out the adhan as the time for salah approached and the army were able to destroy Govinda's 7-storey Gorduar palace. After hearing that his commander Mona Rai was killed, Govinda was forced to retreat and Srihatta was brought under Muslim control. According to tradition, another disciple of Shah Jalal, Shah Chashni Pir at this point compared the soil in Srihatta with that which was previously given by Ahmad Kabir, finding them to be identical. In any case, following the battle, Shah Jalal along with his followers permanently settled in Sylhet.
Govinda retreated with his family to Harong Hurong cave in Mulnicherra. He then went to the shrine of Grivakali, where he left his aunt, Apurna, and his cousin Garuda and cousin-in-law Shantipriya (or Shantirani) in the care of the priest. Following this, he took his wife, Hiravati, and son, Nirvana, with him to Kamrup.
Capture of Taraf
Garuda and his family, taking shelter at Grivakali shrine, then decided to head off to Tungachal. They set on a boat at Dhanuhatta driven by the royal servants Ghaturam and Jharuram. However, they were seen by Subid, a rebel from the time of Raja Govardhan's fall, who informed the Muslims of their actions; leading to Garuda's boat being followed by the Muslims. Out of embarrassment, Garuda appeared to committed suicide, jumping off the boat at Puni beel. The boatmen, however, continued taking Apurna and Shantipriya to Tungachal, eventually finding refuge with Raja Achak Narayan, though the boatmen themselves were killed. Apurna and Shantipriya made a vow in Tunganath Shiva temple to fast for ninety days, hoping for safety. The incident is mentioned in a ballad known as Shantiranir Baromashi (Shantirani's twelve months). After the successful conquest of Gour, Syed Nasiruddin set off on an expedition against the feudal Raja Achak Narayan of Tungachal, which had been a part of the Gour Kingdom. Nasiruddin arrived with 1000 lascars and 12 Saints sent by Shahjalal (r) to help him. He camped in a place now known as Laskarpur. Raja Achak Narayan was also defeated and fled with his family to Mathura. Shantipriya was said to have also committed suicide. Following a victory, Tungachal was annexed to Bengal and renamed as Taraf. The 12 saints who accompanied Nasiruddin are as follows:
Shah Arifin (buried in Tahirpur)
Shah Tajuddin Qureshi (buried in Chowkhi Pargana, Sylhet)
Shah Ruknuddin Aswari (buried in Sarail)
Shah Badr (buried in Badarpur, Karimganj, India)
Shah Mahmud (buried in Urdu Bazar, Laskarpur)
Shah Sultan (buried in Badarpur, Mymensingh)
Shah Ghazi (buried in Bishgram, Sylhet)
Shah Badruddin (buried in Bakhshirghat, Chittagong)
Shah Majlis Amin (buried in Shankarpasha, Habiganj Sadar)
Shah Fateh Ghazi (buried in shahajibazar, Habiganj)
Syed Shah Saif Minnatuddin (buried in Laskarpur)
Syed Ahmad Gesudaraz (buried in Kharampur Mazar Sharif, Brahmanbaria)
Aftermath
Gour and Taraf were then incorporated into Shamsuddin Firoz Shah's kingdom with Sikandar Khan Ghazi being the first Wazir of Sylhet. Gour was nicknamed Jalalabad after Shah Jalal for his aid in delivering Islam to the population. To this day, the remains of Gour Govinda's fort can be found in Chowhatta, Sylhet. Many of Shah Jalal's companions migrated to other places in Eastern India to preach the religion of Islam. The Muslims were not interested in conquering other neighbouring kingdoms such as Laur, Jaintia and Twipra, which would be conquered much later during Mughal rule and British rule.
See also
Muharram Rebellion
Nankar Rebellion
Revolt of Radharam
References
Sylhet
Sylhet
History of Sylhet
Sylhet
History of Islam in Bangladesh
The George F. Barton House was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, built 1903–1904, and is located at 118 Summit Avenue in Buffalo, New York. The Barton House is part of the larger Darwin D. Martin House Complex, considered to be one of the most important projects from Wright's Prairie School era.
History
The complex was commissioned by Darwin D. Martin, an entrepreneur who worked at the Larkin Soap Company. The site was purchased by Martin in 1902 as a location where he planned to build two houses: one for himself, and one for his sister, Delta Martin Barton, and her husband, George F. Barton.
Martin and Barton were colleagues at the Larkin Company, and Wright also designed houses for other Larkin employees William R. Heath and Walter V. Davidson, as well as the Larkin Company's administration building.
Of the Martin Complex's six buildings construction on the Barton House began first and not only was it the first building of the complex to be completed but also the first of Wright's in Buffalo.
The Barton House is on the north east corner of the complex.
The basic floor plan is cruciform, with the principal living spaces concentrated in the center two-story portion of the house where the reception, living and dining areas open into each other. The two main bedrooms are on the second story, at either end of a narrow hall. The kitchen is at the north end, behind the main stairway, while an open porch is to the south.
Wright's K. C. DeRhodes House in South Bend, Indiana, has a nearly identical floor plan to the Barton House—although on a 90-degree axis in relation to the front veranda. The F.B. Henderson House in Elmhurst, Illinois is also similar in plan.
The Martin House Restoration Corporation operates guided public tours and presents educational programs for both volunteers and the general public.
See also
Darwin D. Martin House Complex
References
William Allin Storrer, The Frank Lloyd Wright Companion. University of Chicago Press, 2006, , (S.303)
External links
Graycliff Official Site, member of the Great Lakes Seaway Trail
Houses completed in 1904
Martin House
Historic house museums in New York (state)
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Historic Landmarks in New York (state)
Historic American Buildings Survey in New York (state)
New York (state) historic sites
Museums in Buffalo, New York
Houses in Buffalo, New York
Buildings and structures in Buffalo, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Buffalo, New York
Henry Ivory Emerson (March 15, 1871 – October 28, 1953) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Litchfield, Maine, Emerson moved with his parents to Lewiston, Maine, where he attended the public schools and studied law.
He moved to Cleveland, Ohio, in 1892 and was graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in 1893.
He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Cleveland, Ohio.
He served as member of the Cleveland City Council in 1902 and 1903.
Emerson was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fourth, Sixty-fifth, and Sixty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1915 – March 3, 1921).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1920.
He resumed the practice of law.
He died in East Cleveland, Ohio, October 28, 1953.
He was interred in Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland, Ohio.
Emerson married Nettie Naumann at Cleveland, December 25, 1894. She died August 15, 1913, and Emerson remarried to Lillian McCormick, originally from Ontario, February 19, 1917. Emerson was a Methodist member.
References
Sources
1871 births
1953 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Politicians from Cleveland
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Cleveland City Council members
Ohio lawyers
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
People from Litchfield, Maine
Politicians from Lewiston, Maine
Mutassim Billah Gaddafi (, also transliterated as Al-Moa'tassem Bellah Al-Qaddafi or Al-Mutasim Billah al-Qadhafi; 18 December 1974 – 20 October 2011) was a Libyan Army officer, and the National Security Advisor of Libya from 2008 until 2011. He was the fourth son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, and a member of his father's inner circle. His mother was Safia Farkash, who had some Bosnian ancestry. He was captured during the Battle of Sirte by anti-Gaddafi forces, and killed along with his father.
Role in Libyan politics
Negotiations with the US
In April 2009, Mutassim Gaddafi met U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the highest-level diplomatic exchange between the two countries since they had resumed diplomatic relations several years earlier. For Gaddafi, it was a serious display of his new responsibilities as the National Security Advisor. He overreached his role as NSA in 2008 by requesting $1.2 billion from the National Oil Corporation to form his own special forces brigade.
Mutassim Gaddafi met U.S. Senators John McCain and Joseph Lieberman in 2009, expressing a strong need for military support in Libya. Gaddafi warned, "There are 60 million Algerians to the West, 80 million Egyptians to the East, we have Europe in front of us, and we face Sub-Saharan Africa with its problems to the South." He was concerned about upgrading Libya's military equipment, and said he could purchase arms from Russia and China, but wanted to buy material from the United States.
Possible successor
Mutassim Gaddafi lived in Egypt for several years after allegedly attempting to take control of Libya from his father. His return led to a reconciliation with his father and a high-ranking position as National Security Advisor of Libya. In 2009, a story linking Mutassim Gaddafi to the death of Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi was published in the Libyan newspaper Oea with permission from his brother Saif al-Islam.
Libyan civil war
During the Libyan Civil War, Gaddafi commanded the units in the Brega region notably during the Battle of Brega–Ajdabiya road and the skirmishes in the area. He had been subject to a travel ban and an asset freeze over his close links and membership of his father's inner circle.
Gaddafi was allegedly in Tripoli in the Bab al-Azizia compound, and assisting in commanding what remained of pro-Gaddafi forces in the city during the Battle of Tripoli. However, no evidence of his presence was found by rebels when they captured the compound, nor was there evidence of a presence of any of his sons.
He commanded the loyalist forces in their unsuccessful defense of Sirte, Muammar Gaddafi's hometown, until the city fell.
It is believed Mutassim commanded the crackdown of protests.
Personal life
Model Vanessa Hessler admitted to a four-year relationship with him (2007–2011), and she continued to defend him after his death.
Death
Mutassim Gaddafi was captured when Sirte fell on 20 October 2011. NTC commanders at the front in Sirte and officials in Tripoli claimed that he was captured as he was trying to leave the city in a family car, and sent off to Benghazi.
Published film and photographs of Mutassim Gaddafi indicate that he was unconscious and injured —the front of his shirt was heavily stained with blood—, but he was very much alive when he was captured by a group of young men appearing to be in their late teens or early twenties after apparently succumbing to nerve gas. He was made to drink water and requested a cigarette. Later photographs released by Saudi TV channel Al Arabiya show Mutassim Gaddafi lying dead on a hospital bed, with gaping wounds in his throat and abdomen and one of his arms had been dislocated. Amateur photographs and videos showed his young captors and others defiling his corpse after his death. Like his father, he was denied a burial within a day after death in accordance with Islamic law.
References
External links
1974 births
2011 deaths
Mutassim
Libyan Arab Socialist Union politicians
People from Tripoli
Libyan people of Hungarian descent
Children of national leaders
21st-century criminals
2011 murders in Africa
People killed in the First Libyan Civil War
Horseshoe Harbour () is a harbour in Holme Bay, Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica, formed by the horseshoe-shaped rock projections of West Arm and East Arm. Mawson Station is at the head of this harbour. It was roughly mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and rephotographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47. The harbour was first visited by an Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions party under Phillip Law, who selected this site for Mawson Station, established on 13 February 1954.
See also
Entrance Shoal
References
Ports and harbours of Mac. Robertson Land
EA Sports GameShow was a live-hosted online trivia game show, made available as a free Windows download. GameShow was first publicly mentioned by Peter Moore in September 2007, not long after he took over as president of EA Sports. GameShow debuted as a public beta on October 23, 2007, with the first public trivia session being Our Favorite Day - October 23rd. GameShow came to an end on July 25, 2008.
Operating out of EA Tiburon's Orlando studios, live trivia sessions were hosted for at least six hours each day by a team of radio professionals. Players were encouraged to interact with the game and the hosts in a variety of ways, including live polls, text messages and phone calls.
The game
Players gathered in rooms according to their geographical location or team rooting interests, where they face off, vied for the high score in their rooms, regions and overall. Trivia sessions were 15 minutes long each, and each normal session had 15 questions, divided into three groups of five. Lightning rounds were sprinkled in, which doubled the questions and halved the time allotted for answering. The faster a player answered each question, the higher their score. Tokens were awarded to players for answering questions correctly, and for getting the high score in their room, region and overall. These tokens could be spent on power-ups to assist them in getting high scores, on avatar parts to customize their on-screen personas, or on raffles to try to win prizes. At the end of each session, the host revealed the leaderboard for that round, and identified the top scorers in the West, Central, and East regions, and the top Overall scorer. Though the majority of the sessions were sports related, there were a number of hours of pop culture trivia each week.
Trivia Session Staples
Our Favorite Day - a Day in History category encompassing all manner of sport.
Full Circle - The round begins with a question about an athlete, and each successive question builds on the previous answer, eventually coming back around to the initial athlete in the final question.
Spotlight - a team or athlete is the subject of the entire session.
Pop: Week in Review - a review of the previous week's pop culture highlights and lowlights.
On-air staff
The on-air production staff for EA GameShow was culled from experienced radio professionals from across the country. Hosts included Rob and Jason Thompson, hosts of Fox Sports Radio's Fantasy Football program; Mike Bower, formerly of Maxim Radio, "SweetNasty" Chris Cause, Jana of WXXL Orlando. and Mike Tuck. Others who host include producers Paul Ihander, Eric Gray, Carlos Navarro and Nate Lundy, who is also the game's Program Director. Producers often appear on-air and include the aforementioned Paul Ihander, Eric Gray, and Carlos Navarro.
External links
1 vs 100 (Similar Game)
EA Tiburon
EA GameShow MySpace Page
EA GameShow Facebook Page
Article from February 9, 2008 Orlando Sentinel, including video
Notes
Quiz video games
2007 video games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
EA Sports games
VXA is a tape backup format originally created by Ecrix and now owned by Tandberg Data. After the merger between Ecrix and Exabyte on 17 November 2001, VXA was produced by Exabyte Corporation. On November 20, 2006, Exabyte was purchased by Tandberg Data that has since stopped further development of the format.
How it works
Exabyte and Ecrix describe the data format as "packet technology." Since VXA is based on helical scan technology, data is written across the tape from side to side in helical strips.
The novel part of VXA packet technology is that each stripe starts with a unique packet ID and ends with an ECC packet checksum. As each stripe is written to tape, it is immediately read back to verify that to write was successful.
If to write was not 100% successful the packet can be rewritten at another point on the tape without stopping. When the data is read back, the packets are reassembled into a "buffer" by their packet ID. The buffer has 3 additional ECCs to ensure data integrity.
Another aspect of VXA is that there are 2 read heads for each stripe, slightly offset in relation to each other to allow for more flexibility in reading tapes written by other drives.
Due to the relatively slow tape speed inherent to helical scan technology, the drive is able to stop and start the tape much more quickly to avoid the need to backhitch.
Market context
The VXA format competes mainly against the DDS, and DLT-IV formats.
Overview
VXA-3
Exabyte released two different product lines based on VXA-3 technology, VXA-320 in 2005 and VXA-172 in 2006. VXA-172 drives are limited to 86 GB per tape cartridge, but can be unlocked (for a fee) to remove the limit. They are otherwise the same. VXA-3 was the first helical scan system in production to feature thin film MR heads.
Notes
Data Capacity figures above are for uncompressed data. Exabyte assumes a 2x compression factor in their marketing material.
Media
Media was released on two families (V and X), with different capacities based on the length of the tape, and the drive it is being used in.
Gallery
Cartridge / tape
Mechanism / drive
Tape and drive together
References
External links
ECMA 316 Specification of VXA-1.
ECMA 222 Specification of ALDC, the data compression standard for VXA-1.
VXA Alliance
Computer storage tape media
Ecma standards
The Secret of Eve is a lost 1917 silent film drama directed by Perry N. Vekroff and starring Olga Petrova. It was produced by Popular Plays and Players and distributed through Metro Pictures.
Cast
Olga Petrova - Eve, in the Garden of Eden/ Hagar, the Gypsy Woman/ Eve, the Quakeress/ Eve, the Wife of Brandon
Arthur Hoops - Arthur Brandon
William L. Hinckley - Robert Blair
Edward Roseman - Fothergill
Laurie Mackin - Deborah, Wife of Fothergill
Florence Moore - Rosa
George Morrell - Beppo
References
External links
1917 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Films directed by Perry N. Vekroff
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
1917 drama films
Metro Pictures films
1917 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
The large-footed tapaculo (Scytalopus macropus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
Unlike many other tapaculos, the large-footed tapaculo has been treated as a species since it was described. It is monotypic.
Description
The large-footed tapaculo is long. Males weigh and two females weighed . It is the largest species of genus Scytalopus. The adult is uniformly very dark gray. The juvenile is paler than the adult, but still dark gray. The feathers of the juvenile's upperparts are tipped with dark brown and those of the underparts with buff or off-white.
Distribution and habitat
The large-footed tapaculo is found only in the central Andes of Peru, from southern Amazonas Department south to Junín Department. It primarily inhabits mossy undergrowth along streams in elfin forest and cloud forest. It ranges in elevation from .
Behavior
No information has been published about the large-footed tapaculo's diet or its foraging and breeding behaviors.
The large-footed tapaculo's song is "a monotonous series of...notes...usually terminating with a different (normally higher) note." .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the large-footed tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. However, it has a restricted range, is very poorly known, and occurs in only one protected area.
References
large-footed tapaculo
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
large-footed tapaculo
large-footed tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kyrgyzstan competed in the Winter Olympic Games as an independent nation for the first time at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway.
The Kyrgyz team did not arrive in time for the opening ceremony, and the Kyrgyz flag was carried into the Olympic arena by the designated Norwegian volunteer called Torkel Engeness. Biathlete Yevgeniya Roppel was the only competitor in Lillehammer for Kyrgyzstan.
Biathlon
Women
References
Official Olympic Reports
sports-reference
Nations at the 1994 Winter Olympics
1994
1994 in Kyrgyzstani sport
Marek Garmulewicz (born 22 January 1968 in Mozgawa) is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Poland
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Polish male sport wrestlers
Wrestlers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
People from Pińczów County
Sportspeople from Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
20th-century Polish people
21st-century Polish people
Bengal Tiger is a 2001 Indian Hindi-language action film directed by Adarsh Jain and produced by Rishikesh Dhari Sinha, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Vineetha, Pramod Moutho and Shakti Kapoor.
Plot
Bengal Tiger is an action-oriented film, in which Mithun Chakraborty plays the role of Inspector Prashant Verma, who is always opposing the evil deeds of Shakti Kapoor's Rukavat Singh.
Cast
Mithun Chakraborty as Police Inspector Prashant Verma
Vineetha as Vangana
Pramod Moutho as Sultan
Ali Khan as Vishwa Mohan
Sandeep Bedi as Sandeep
Shakti Kapoor as Rukavat Singh
Roshini Jaffrey
Priya Kaushal
Shabnam Khan
References
http://www.bollywoodhungama.com/bengaltiger/film
https://web.archive.org/web/20110410130714/http://www.babahomeentertainment.com.au/index.php?main_page=product_info&products_id=188
External links
2001 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Mithun's Dream Factory films
Films shot in Ooty
Ira B. Arnstein (born Itzig Arenstein April 12, 1879 – September 13, 1956) was a musical composer, songwriter, and "chronic litigator".
Arnstein was born in Litzingen, Russia (now Letychiv Ukraine), the son of Bernard Solomon Arnstein and Sophia (Sophie) Kozovoc. He emigrated to the United States when he was eleven. He studied piano at Scharwenka Conservatory in New York. He composed mainly "parlor piano pieces and Yiddish songs", once writing a Jewish national anthem entitled "Soldiers of Zion".
Litigation
Arnstein suffered from "copyright infringement persecution mania", always certain that others were stealing his work. Arnstein sued Cole Porter, Irving Berlin and Twentieth Century-Fox, among others, for copyright infringement. He picketed ASCAP after being rejected by them for membership. In 1937, he launched a major lawsuit against twenty-three composers and publishers simultaneously and lost them all. In 1941, he sued Broadcast Music International for not only rejecting his application but also for allegedly stealing the music he submitted with his application. In 1946, the Second Circuit court granted Arnstein's appeal in a suit against Cole Porter. The jurors were directed that in order to find infringement, a "two-pronged test" must be used.
a plaintiff had to show that the defendant had copied him (using charts or other diagrams)
the plaintiff had to show that the copying was so extensive that it counted as infringement; a layperson must be able to hear the copied songs as essentially similar
Arnstein lost that lawsuit and had to pay Porter's legal fees. He never won any of the many cases he filed.
References
External links
Unfair to Genius - book about Arnstein's career by Gary Rosen
1879 births
1956 deaths
20th-century American composers
3e temps (pronounced Troisième temps) is the third studio album of Grand Corps Malade. It most notably includes a collaboration by Charles Aznavour, a favorite artist of Fabien Marsaud (Grand Corps Malade).
Track list
"1er janvier 2010" (feat. Frederic Yonnet)
"Définitivement"
"A l'école de la vie"
"Roméo kiffe Juliette"
"Éducation Nationale"
"J'attends"
"Tu es donc j'apprends" (feat. Charles Aznavour)
"Un verbe"
"Rachid Taxi"
"Jour de doute"
"Bulletin météo"
"A Montréal"
"Nos absents"
"L'heure d'été" (feat. Elise Oudin-Gilles)
Charts
References
Grand Corps Malade albums
Ripyville is a ghost town in Anderson County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
A post office was established at Ripyville in 1867, and remained in operation until 1905. The community was named for John Ripy, an early merchant.
References
Geography of Anderson County, Kentucky
Ghost towns in Kentucky
Jochum Brinch Lund (25 November 1743, in Farsund – 16 September 1807, in Farsund) was a Norwegian merchant, shipowner and industrial pioneer. He is also regarded as the founder of the town of Farsund.
Not much is known about Jochum Brinch Lund's early years, just that he was overseas for a short period, working with his father's business relations in the United Kingdom and France, and that he sailed as skipper a couple summer seasons. In 1765 he returned to Farsund. 4 October 1773 his son Gabriel Lund was born. In 1783 he bought up his father's trading house. Lund was also one of the main benefactors behind the construction of Frelseren Church, consecrated 5 May 1785. He started many businesses and enterprises, and because of that Farsund got town status on 28 January 1795. It was also around this time that he had built a large merchant house, which today is called Husan. He was called in his own time "The King of Farsund".
But at the start of the Gunboat War the businesses went downhill and Lund died 16 September 1807.
References
1743 births
1807 deaths
People from Farsund
Norwegian merchants
Omer Nachmani (; born 29 October 1993) is a former Israeli footballer.
Club career
Beitar Jerusalem
Nachmani played from the age of 12 with Beitar Jerusalem Youth, playing his first match for the club with Beitar Jerusalem Gadi (the U-15 squad) on 30 September 2006. The following week he scored his first goal for the club giving Beitar Jerusalem the only goal in the Jerusalem derby against Hapoel Jerusalem Youth.
Nachmani debuted for the senior team on 25 August 2012 in a 3–2 loss to Ironi Kiryat Shmona, playing the first 75 minutes.
Maccabi Herzliya
For the 2013–14 season Nachmani was loaned out to Maccabi Herzliya of the Liga Leumit. He debuted for them in a 0–0 draw against Hapoel Petah Tikva on 20 September 2013, being substituted on in the 67th minute. During the whole season Nachmani played 13 matches, scoring 1 goal.
Notes
1993 births
Living people
Israeli footballers
Beitar Jerusalem F.C. players
Maccabi Herzliya F.C. players
Israeli Premier League players
Liga Leumit players
Footballers from Jerusalem
Association football midfielders
Konstantin Aleksandrov (born 10 October 1969) is a Kyrgyzstani former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Kyrgyzstan
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Kyrgyzstani male sport wrestlers
Kyrgyzstani people of Russian descent
Balcarres may refer to:
Balcarres, Saskatchewan, Canada
Balcarres House, Fife, Scotland
Earl of Balcarres
Horseshoe Crater () is a volcanic crater at the confluence of Radian Glacier and Pipecleaner Glacier in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named descriptively by the New Zealand Geographic Board (1994) following work in the area by a New Zealand Geological Survey field party, 1977–78, from the horseshoe shape of the crater.
References
Volcanoes of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Lamichhane () is a surname found in Nepal. Some notable Lamichhane include:
Gopal Chandra Lamichhane (b. 1974)
Jiba Lamichhane, Nepalese businessman
Khagendra Lamichhane, Nepalese actor, writer and director
Rabi Lamichhane, Nepalese journalist
Sandeep Lamichhane (b. 2000), Nepalese cricketer
Santosh Lamichhane, Nepalese writer
Sarita Lamichhane (b. 1975), Nepalese actress
Shankar Lamichhane, Nepalese writer
References
Ethnic groups in Nepal
Bahun
Nepali-language surnames
Khas surnames
Egerton (previously Devonshire and Egerton, 1973 to 1979) was a Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council ward in the Birkenhead Parliamentary constituency.
It was abolished in 2004, being absorbed into the Bebington, Birkenhead and Tranmere, Prenton and Rock Ferry wards.
Councillors
References
Wards of Merseyside
Birkenhead
Politics of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral
Wards of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral
Rauman Työväen Urheilijat (abbreviated RTU) is a sports club from Rauma in Finland. The club was formed in 1929. They participate in orienteering, floorball and athletics.
Background
RTU was founded in 1929 when local social democratic workers association formed the club. In 1952 club reached its highest membership count to date with 1317 members. RTU is the only club from Rauma to play top tier football in Finland, they were also first club from Satakunta to play in premier division.
Season to season in football
External links
References
Sports clubs in Finland
Football clubs in Finland
Rauma, Finland
James Madison Gaylord (May 29, 1811 – June 14, 1874) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1851 to 1853.
Biography
Born in Zanesville, Ohio, Gaylord moved to McConnelsville, Ohio, in 1818.
He attended the common schools and the Ohio University at Athens.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and practiced.
He was appointed clerk of the court of common pleas in 1834.
Gaylord was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-second Congress (March 4, 1851 – March 3, 1853).
At the expiration of his term in Congress he was elected probate judge.
He was appointed deputy United States marshal in 1860.
Gaylord was elected Justice of the Peace in 1865, and by successive reelections was continued in that office until his death in McConnelsville, Ohio, June 14, 1874.
He was interred in McConnelsville Cemetery.
Sources
1811 births
1874 deaths
Politicians from Zanesville, Ohio
People from McConnelsville, Ohio
Ohio University alumni
Ohio lawyers
United States Marshals
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Herrngiersdorf is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
The village is dominated by the large, square Schloss Herrngiersdorf, a brewery.
Geography
Herrngiersdorf is located south of Langquaid and consists of Herrngiersdorf, Sandsbach, Semerskirchen, and Sittelsdorf.
Gallery
References
Kelheim (district)
Antoinette Delali Kemavor is a Ghanaian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss World Ghana in 2015 and represented Ghana at the Miss World 2016 pageant. She has been spotted in countless music videos, and TV commercials.
Personal life
Miss World Ghana 2015
Antoinette was crowned Miss World Ghana in 2015. As Miss World Ghana 2015, she competed at the Miss World 2016 pageant.
Miss World 2016
Antoinette represented Ghana at Miss World 2016 pageant where she placed Top 20.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ghanaian beauty pageant winners
Ghanaian female models
Miss World 2016 delegates
Living people
The R-phase is a phase found in nitinol, a shape-memory alloy. It is a martensitic phase in nature, but is not the martensite that is responsible for the shape memory and superelastic effect.
In connection with nitinol, "martensite" normally refers to the B19' monoclinic martensite phase, rather than the R-phase. The R-phase competes with martensite, is often completely absent, and often appears during cooling before martensite, then giving way to it upon further cooling. In the same way, it can be observed during heating prior to reversion to austenite, or may be completely absent.
The R-phase to austenite transformation (A-R) is reversible, with a very small hysteresis (typically 2-5 degrees C). It also exhibits a very small shape memory effect, and within a very narrow temperature range, superelasticity. The R-phase transformation (from austenite) occurs between 20 and 40 degrees C in most binary nitinol alloys.
History
The R-phase was observed during the 1970s but generally was not correctly identified until Ling and Kaplow's landmark paper of 1981. The crystallography and thermodynamics of the R-phase are now well understood, but it still creates many complexities in device engineering. According to awell-worn phrase, "It must be the R-phase" whenever a device fails to perform as expected.
Crystallographic structure and transformation
The R-phase is essentially a rhombohedral distortion of the cubic austenite phase. Figure 1 shows the general structure, though there are shifts in atomic position that repeat after every three austenitic cells. Thus the actual unit cell of the actual R-phase structure is shown in Figure 2. The R-phase can be easily detected via x-ray diffraction or neutron diffraction, most clearly evidenced by a splitting of the (1 1 0) austenitic peak.
While the R-phase transformation is a first order transformation and the R-phase is distinct and separate from martensite and austenite, it is followed by a second order transformation: a gradual shrinking of the rhombohedral angle and concomitant increased transformational strain. By suppressing martensite formation and allowing the second order transformation to continue, the transformational strain can be maximized. Such measures have shown memory and superelastic effects of nearly 1%. In commercially available superelastic alloys, however, the R-phase transformational strain is only 0.25 to 0.50 percent.
There are three ways Nitinol can transform between the austenite and martensite phases:
Direct transformation, with no evidence of R-phase during the forward or reverse transformation (cooling or heating), occurs in titanium-rich alloys and fully annealed conditions.
The "symmetric R-phase transformation" occurs when the R-phase intervenes between austenite and martensite on both heating and cooling (see Figure 3). Here, two peaks are observed on cooling, and two peaks upon heating, with the heating peaks much closer to one another due to the lower hysteresis of the A-R transformation.
The "asymmetric R-phase transformation" is by far the more common transformational route (Figure 4). Here the R-phase occurs during cooling, but not upon heating, due to the large hysteresis of the austenite-martensite transformation—by the time one reaches a sufficiently high temperature to revert martensite, the R-phase is no longer more stable than austenite, and thus the martensite reverts directly to austenite.
The R-phase can be stress-induced as well as thermally-induced. The stress rate (Clausius–Clapeyron constant, ) is very large compared to the austenite–martensite transformation (very large stresses are required to drive the transformation).
Practical implications
While an essentially hysteresis-free shape memory effect sounds exciting, the strains produced by the austenite-R transformation are too small for most applications. Because of the very small hysteresis, and the tremendous cyclic stability of the A-R transformation, some effort has been made to commercialize thermal actuators based on the effect. Such applications have been of limited success at best. For most Nitinol applications, the R-phase is an annoyance and engineers try to suppress its appearance. Some of the difficulties it induces are as follows:
When austenite transforms to the R-phase, its energy is reduced and its propensity to transform to martensite is lessened, leading to a larger austenite-martensite hysteresis. This, in turn reduces actuator efficiency and superelastic energy storage capacity.
Stress-strain curves of the austenite often show a slight inflection during loading, making elastic limits and yield stresses difficult to pinpoint
While a 0.25% strain is too small to take advantage of, it is more than enough to cause stress relaxation in many interference-fit applications such as pipe couplings.
A large amount of heat is given off when austenite transforms to the R-phase, and thus it gives rise to a well-defined differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) peak. This makes DSC curves difficult to interpret if one is not careful: the R-phase peak is often mistaken for a martensite peak, and errors are often made in determining transformation temperatures.
While the electrical resistivity of austenite and martensite are similar, the R-phase has a very high resistance. This makes using electrical resistance all but useless in determining the transformation temperatures of Nitinol.
The R-phase becomes more pronounced through additions of iron, cobalt, and chromium, and is suppressed by additions of copper, platinum and palladium. Cold working and aging also tend to exaggerate the R-phase presence.
References
Nickel alloys
Thor Thorvaldsen (31 May 1909 – 30 June 1987) was a Norwegian sailor and Olympic champion. He was born in Bamble and died in Bærum. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he received a gold medal in the dragon class as helmsman on the boat Pan.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, where he again received a gold medal with Pan.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in Dragon class sailing
References
External links
1909 births
1987 deaths
People from Bamble
Norwegian male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Norway
Sailors at the 1936 Summer Olympics – O-Jolle
Sailors at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for Norway
Olympic medalists in sailing
Medalists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Vestfold og Telemark
Heartlands Hospital is an acute general hospital in Bordesley Green, Birmingham, England. It is managed by University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust.
History
The hospital has its origins in an infectious diseases hospital known as City Hospital, Little Bromwich which was completed in June 1895. Intended for activation only at times of medical emergency, it was tasked with responding to a typhoid fever outbreak in 1901. Three additional pavilions and a nurses' home were added in 1904. It treated patients with scarlet fever, measles, diphtheria and tuberculosis during the First World War.
After joining the National Health Service as Little Bromwich Hospital in 1948, it became a general hospital in 1953. It was renamed East Birmingham Hospital in 1963 and saw considerable expansion in the 1970s. The world's last smallpox patient, Janet Parker, was treated at the hospital during the smallpox outbreak in 1978. It became Heartlands Hospital in 1993.
Development
A new Ambulatory Care and Diagnostics Centre is to be built on the site, due to open in 2022. It will have 120 consultation rooms, 26 specialist audiology and ear nose and throat rooms, ultrasound and X-ray rooms, and CT scan and MRI scanning facilities in a new 18,000 sq metre four-storey building.
References
External links
NHS hospitals in England
Hospitals in Birmingham, West Midlands
Baykal () is a village in Balyklykulsky Selsoviet, Aurgazinsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
References
Rural localities in Aurgazinsky District
Sapir () is a community settlement in southern Israel. Located near Route 90, it falls under the jurisdiction of Central Arava Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was established in 1979 and is named after Pinchas Sapir. It was planned by the architect Gershon Tzippor and was founded primarily to provide housing for municipal workers of the regional council. As time passed, its nature changed. As of 2006 it houses mostly people of various professions, as opposed to other settlements of the Aravah, which mostly do agriculture.
Near the community there is a nature park and an airstrip.
References
Central Arava Regional Council
Community settlements
Populated places in Southern District (Israel)
Populated places established in 1979
1979 establishments in Israel
Lawrence Norman (born April 5, 1966) is a Canadian slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of 18th in the C-1 event in Atlanta in 1996.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1966 births
Canoeists from Toronto
Canadian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Canada
Khiamniungan or Khiamniungan Naga may be,
Khiamniungan people
Khiamniungan language
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
In linguistics, pausa (Latin for 'break', from Greek παῦσις, pausis 'stopping, ceasing') is the hiatus between prosodic declination units. The concept is somewhat broad, as it is primarily used to refer to allophones that occur in certain prosodic environments, and these environments vary between languages.
Characteristics
Some sound laws specifically operate only in pausa. For example, certain phonemes may be pronounced differently at the beginning or the end of a word if no other word precedes or follows within the same prosodic unit, such as a word in the citation form. That is the case with the final-obstruent devoicing of German, Turkish, Russian, and other languages whose voiced obstruent consonants are devoiced pre-pausa and before voiceless consonants.
The opposite environment is relevant in Spanish, whose voiced fricatives become stops post-pausa and after nasals. Such environments are often termed pre-pausal and post-pausal, respectively. The phrases in pausa and pausal form are often taken to mean at the end of a prosodic unit, in pre-pausal position, as pre-pausal effects are more common than post-pausal effects.
Very commonly, such allophones are described as occurring "word-initially" or "word-finally", as opposed to other allophones found "word-medially", because that is a more accessible phrasing for most readers. However, that phrasing is accurate only for a word in citation form. It is not always clear in the description of a language whether an alleged word-boundary allophone is actually defined by the word boundary, as opposed to being pausal allophones being defined by prosodic boundaries.
Examples
In English, the last stressed syllable before a pausa receives tonic stress, giving the illusion of a distinction between primary and secondary stress. In dialects of English with linking or intrusive R (a type of liaison), the r is not realized in pausa even if the following word begins in a vowel. Similarly, French liaison does not operate in pausa.
English words that have weak and strong forms are realized as strong after and often also before a pausa.
In some dialects of English, the voiced fricatives devoice when they are in pausa, making the /z/ a [z̥] in "a loud buzz" but remaining a [z] in "a buzz that's loud".
In Arabic, Biblical Hebrew, other Semitic languages, and Egyptian, pausa affects grammatical inflections. In Arabic, short vowels, including those carrying case, are dropped before a pausa, and the gender is modified. The Arabic alphabet has a letter (tāʾ marbūṭa ) for the feminine, which is classically pronounced in pausa but in liaison. In Biblical Hebrew, () is the general feminine form of 'to you' but also the pausal masculine form.
In Spanish, voiced fricative/approximants are pronounced as stops after a pausa and after a nasal.
In Tuscan, the full infinitive form of the verb occurs only pre-pausa.
In Kombe, a word-final high tone becomes low or downstepped in pausa.
In Mehri, emphatic consonants become ejectives pre-pausa.
In Tapieté, epenthesis of [x] occurs when /ɨ/ is in pausa, while epenthesis of [ʔ] occurs when any other vowel is in pausa. So the word /kɨ/ becomes [kɨx] when it is in pausa, and the word /hẽʔẽ/ becomes [hẽʔẽʔ] when it is in pausa.
See also
Sandhi
Line break (poetry)
Ellipsis
Citation form
References
Prosody (linguistics)
Air Lore is an album by the improvisational trio Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Steve McCall, and Fred Hopkins performing compositions by Jelly Roll Morton and Scott Joplin. It was reissued on compact disc by Bluebird/RCA in 1987 and included in the eight-CD box set, Complete Novus and Columbia Recordings of Henry Threadgill and Air on Mosaic Records.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars, stating, "Through it all, this remains the album most Air fans love most, precisely because of all the joy and irreverence in the proceedings, which didn't update the old music, but brought it into focus for the revolutionary improvisational template that it is". Bob Blumenthal in The Rolling Stone Jazz Record Guide said, "if one Air album belongs in every collection it is Air Lore, a 1979 performance of Scott Joplin rags and Jelly Roll Morton tunes that is currently unsurpassed as a statement of historical homage from the perspective of the frontiers". Gary Giddins considers Air Lore "Air's most remarkable achievement" and "a torrid and funny inquiry into ragtime and blues," calling it "Threadgill's key statement on the repertory mania and tradition-mongering that gripped jazz in the '70s and '80s and a forceful refutation of the academicism that too often sucks the life's blood out of classic jazz."
Track listing
"The Ragtime Dance" (Scott Joplin) – 9:20
"Buddy Bolden's Blues (Jelly Roll Morton) – 9:30
"King Porter Stomp" (Jelly Roll Morton) – 3:52
"Paille Street" (Henry Threadgill) – 2:20
"Weeping Willow Rag" (Scott Joplin) – 11:31
Personnel
Henry Threadgill – alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, flute
Fred Hopkins – double bass
Steve McCall – drums, percussion
References
1979 albums
Air (free jazz trio) albums
Albums produced by Michael Cuscuna
Novus Records albums
Dicyanoacetylene, also called carbon subnitride or but-2-ynedinitrile (IUPAC), is a compound of carbon and nitrogen with chemical formula C4N2. It has a linear molecular structure, N≡C−C≡C−C≡N (often abbreviated as NC4N), with alternating triple and single covalent bonds. It can be viewed as acetylene with the two hydrogen atoms replaced by cyanide groups.
At room temperature, dicyanoacetylene is a clear liquid. Because of its high endothermic heat of formation, it can explode to carbon powder and nitrogen gas, and it burns in oxygen with a bright blue-white flame at a temperature of 5260 K (4990 °C, 9010 °F), the hottest flame in oxygen; burnt in ozone at high pressure the flame temperature exceeds 6000 K (5730 °C, 10340 °F).
Synthesis
Dicyanoacetylene can be prepared by passing nitrogen gas over a sample of graphite heated to temperatures between 2673 and 3000 K.
As a reagent in organic chemistry
Dicyanoacetylene is a powerful dienophile because the cyanide groups are electron-withdrawing, so it is a useful reagent for Diels-Alder reactions with unreactive dienes. It even adds to the aromatic compound durene (1,2,4,5-tetramethylbenzene) to form a substituted bicyclooctatriene. Only the most reactive of dienophiles can attack such aromatic compounds.
In outer space
Solid dicyanoacetylene has been detected in the atmosphere of Titan by infrared spectroscopy. As the seasons change on Titan, the compound condenses and evaporates in a cycle, which allows scientists on Earth to study Titanian meteorology.
, the detection of dicyanoacetylene in the interstellar medium has been impossible, because its symmetry means it has no rotational microwave spectrum. However, similar asymmetric molecules like cyanoacetylene have been observed, and its presence in those environments is therefore suspected.
See also
Cyanogen, N≡C−C≡N
Diacetylene, H−C≡C−C≡C−H
Cyanopolyynes
References
Conjugated nitriles
Alkyne derivatives
Cate West: The Vanishing Files is a mystery game created and developed by Gamenauts and published by Real Arcade for Windows.
The game was subsequently ported to the Nintendo DS and Wii platforms by Destineer. Oxygen Interactive Software distributed the Wii and DS versions for the European regions.
Players take control of Cate West, a crime novelist plagued by psychic visions, who has been approached by the police to help solve a series of "unsolvable" cases, dubbed "The Vanishing Files".
Reception
Cate West: The Vanishing Files received mixed reviews from critics upon release. On Metacritic, the game holds scores of 68/100 for the DS version based on 4 reviews, and 65/100 for the Wii version based on 8 reviews. On GameRankings, the game holds scores of 67.00% for the DS version based on 4 reviews, and 66.63% for the Wii version based on 8 reviews.
References
External links
Official Cate West website
Game info on MobyGames
2008 video games
Adventure games
Nintendo DS games
Wii games
Windows games
Hidden object games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games featuring female protagonists
Oxygen Games games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Heredofamilial amyloidosis is an inherited condition that may be characterized by systemic or localized deposition of amyloid in body tissues.
See also
Amyloidosis
List of cutaneous conditions
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Tiberius Claudius Verus (fl. 60s AD) was a local politician in Pompeii. He held the magistracy of duovir in 62 AD, when an earthquake devastated the city on February 5.
Claudius Verus lived near or along the Via di Nola. For the purposes of historical and archaeological study, Pompeii is divided into nine regions, each of which contains numbered blocks (insulae); Verus lived on the block designated IX.8, IX.9, V.3 or V.4, as indicated by several inscriptions that preserve campaign advertising displayed by neighbors who supported his candidacy. One of his neighbors recommended him as an "upright young man." Several interrelated inscriptions show that Verus was part of a group of men who supported each other's political careers. None comes from an "old" Pompeiian family, and each has a gens name that is well attested at Rome and either Puteoli or Delos. They are associated with some of the largest houses in Pompeii, and their wealth suggests commercial interests. It is possible that Verus and his faction were imperial freedmen.
Verus's praenomen and nomen indicate that the Tiberii Claudii would have been his traditional patrons. Just before the earthquake, Verus had been organizing games (ludi) in honor of Nero, to be held February 25 and 26. Among the planned festivities were a hunt (venatio), athletic games, and either "sprinklings of scented water to refresh the crowd" or distributions of money (sesterces): the inscription has been read both ways. No gladiators were advertised; gladiatorial contests had been banned in Pompeii in 59 AD, following a riot in the amphitheatre. Although the earthquake most likely caused the cancellation of the games, they may have been presented in some form for the sake of restoring morale.
In the early decades following the discovery of the luxurious House of the Centenary in 1879, August Mau proposed that Verus had been its owner. It has also been argued that the Centenary's owner was Aulus Rustius Verus, with Claudius Verus living in an otherwise unidentified house at V.3. No scholarly consensus exists on Claudius Verus's address.
References
1st-century Romans
Claudii
People from Pompeii (ancient city)
Chehel Sotoun, a Safavid pavilion located in Qazvin which stands amid gardens in the central square of the old city and in which the Qazvīn museum is installed.
References
Further reading
External links
Chehel Sotoun Qazvin at irantourismcenter.com
Qazvin
Buildings and structures in Qazvin Province
Rock Island County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois, bounded on the west by the Mississippi River. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 147,546. Its county seat is Rock Island; its largest city is neighboring Moline. Rock Island County is one of the four counties that make up the Davenport-Moline-Rock Island, IA-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Rock Island County was formed in 1831 out of Jo Daviess County. It was named for Rock Island, an island in the Mississippi River now known as Arsenal Island. The Rock River (which the Sauk and Fox Indians called Sinnissippi meaning "rocky waters") flows from Whiteside County and points further east and north and joins the Mississippi River at Rock Island. The Sinnissippi Mounds, dating from the Hopewell period and on the National Register of Historic Places are upriver at Sterling in Whiteside County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (5.2%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Rock Island have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1996 and a record high of was recorded in July 2006. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in June.
Major highways
Interstate 74
Interstate 80
Interstate 88
Interstate 280
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 67
U.S. Highway 150
Illinois Route 2 (formerly)
Illinois Route 5
Illinois Route 84
Illinois Route 92
Illinois Route 94
Illinois Route 110
Illinois Route 192
Adjacent counties
Clinton County, Iowa (north)
Whiteside County (northeast)
Henry County (southeast)
Mercer County (south)
Louisa County, Iowa (southwest)
Muscatine County, Iowa (west)
Scott County, Iowa (northwest)
National protected area
Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge (part)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 147,546 people, 61,303 households, and 38,384 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 65,756 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 81.6% white, 9.0% black or African American, 1.6% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 4.4% from other races, and 3.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 11.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.9% were German, 14.2% were Irish, 8.7% were English, 6.8% were Swedish, and 5.2% were American.
Of the 61,303 households, 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were married couples living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 37.4% were non-families, and 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.93. The median age was 40.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $46,226 and the median income for a family was $58,962. Males had a median income of $42,548 versus $31,917 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,071. About 8.7% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
At one time Mississippi Valley Airlines had its headquarters in Quad City Airport in the county.
John Deere is headquartered in Moline.
Communities
Cities
East Moline
Moline
Rock Island
Silvis
Villages
Andalusia
Carbon Cliff
Coal Valley (part)
Cordova
Hampton
Hillsdale
Milan
Oak Grove
Port Byron
Rapids City
Reynolds (part)
Census-designated places
Coyne Center
Rock Island Arsenal
Unincorporated communities
Barstow
Buffalo Prairie
Campbell's Island
Edgington
Illinois City
Joslin
Taylor Ridge
Townships
Rock Island County is divided into eighteen townships:
Andalusia
Blackhawk
Bowling
Buffalo Prairie
Canoe Creek
Coal Valley
Coe
Cordova
Drury
Edgington
Hampton
Moline
Port Byron
Rock Island
Rural
South Moline
South Rock Island
Zuma
Forts
Fort Armstrong
Politics
Before 1932, Rock Island County was a Republican stronghold in presidential elections, backing the party's candidate in every election from 1892 to 1928. From 1932 on, it has consistently backed Democratic Party presidential candidates, except for the national Republican landslides of 1952, 1956, 1972, and 1980. In 2016, Donald Trump managed to keep Hillary Clinton to a single-digit margin of victory, the first Republican to do so since Ronald Reagan in 1984; in 2020, Joe Biden increased the Democratic margin from 8.3% to 12.1%. Due to the dominance of the Democratic Party in county politics, Rock Island County remains one of the most Democratic counties outside of the Chicago area in Illinois. Since 2010 the Republican Party began making inroads in county politics, gaining a few seats on the Democratic-dominated county board; however, since 2018, the Republican Party influence on the board has begun to decrease as the county resumed heavy Democratic voting.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rock Island County, Illinois
Quad Cities International Airport
Footnotes
Further reading
Portrait and Biographical Album of Rock Island County, Illinois: Containing Full-Page Portraits and Biographical Sketches of Prominent and Representative Citizens of the County, Together with Portraits and Biographies of All the Governors of Illinois, and of the Presidents of the United States; Also Containing a History of the County, from its Earliest Settlement to the Present Time. Chicago: Biographical Publishing Co., 1885.
External links
Official county website
Rock Island County Historical Society
Illinois counties
1831 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1831
Quad Cities
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
San Pedro is a district of the Poás canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.
Geography
San Pedro has an area of km² and an elevation of metres. It is in the mountains of the Cordillera Central (Central Mountain Range) in Costa Rica. It is 13 kilometers northwest of the provincial capital city of Alajuela and 32 kilometers from the national capital city of San Jose.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, San Pedro had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 107
National Route 130
National Route 146
National Route 723
References
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
Belfast Community Circus School teaches young people from Belfast and its surrounding areas a variety of circus skills. Their mission is to: 'Transform lives and communities through the power of circus arts and street theatre'. The school's most recent director was Will Chamberlain, who died of cancer on 19 October 2017, after holding the position since 2000.
Performances
The Belfast Community Circus School produces a number of shows featuring young people each year. Performances take place in the Circus School and on the streets, including annual shows in the Festival of Fools. The Circus School also programmes a season of street theatre running each Sunday over the summer months in Cotton Court in the heart of Belfast's Cathedral Quarter. Acts featured are a combination of artists based in Belfast and visiting artists from Europe, USA and Australia. In addition, the Belfast Community Circus School has established a social economy trading wing called Premiere Circus. This operates as an agency securing work for artists based in Belfast who work across Ireland.
History
BCCS was set up in 1985 by Jim Webster, Donal McKendry and Mike Moloney (1953 - 2013) to promote personal and community development through the teaching of circus skills. Throughout the height of the Troubles, BCCS was able to stage successful cross community projects across Northern Ireland. For more than a decade, BCCS operated workshops and created shows in a variety of venues ranging from church halls to community centres and the Crescent Arts Centre. In 1999 the Circus School took a massive step forward when it moved into Ireland's first dedicated circus building in the heart of Belfast's Cathedral Quarter - an area of the city centre promoting arts and culture. Since moving into the Gordon Street premises, BCCS has seen a massive growth in all aspects of its work including youth circus, professional development for artists, performances and outreach work.
Outreach
BCCS has many outreach programmes which involves travelling to youth and community centres to take workshops. They have programmes throughout Belfast and further afield. One programme they started in Lisburn has now become its own Circus School and functions separately from BCCS (Community Circus Lisburn).
Links abroad
BCCS has links with many overseas circus schools, and often organises trips to visit them. One of the most notable links is with Australia. Two trips have been organised in recent years to train at the National Institute of Circus Arts in Melbourne, and other destinations have included Lima, Peru. Also, members of Circus Oz have visited Belfast and trained members of BCCS.
References
Circus schools
Educational institutions established in 1985
Schools in Belfast
Performing arts education in the United Kingdom
1985 establishments in Northern Ireland
Chen Tianqiao (); born 1973) is a Chinese investor, businessman, and philanthropist. His wealth is currently estimated at $4 billion. Chen moved from Shanghai to Singapore in 2009 and then to the Bay Area, California in 2017. He co-founded the Tianqiao and Chrissy Chen Institute in 2016.
Early life and education
Chen was born in 1973 in a city in the Zhejiang Province of the People's Republic of China. With his father working as an engineer and his mother teaching middle school English, Chen and his little brother Danian grew up near Shanghai. In 1993 He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Fudan University.
Career
Chen joined the state-run property developer Shanghai Lujiazui Group in 1994, holding management positions in the public relations office and also secretary of the chairman. In 1998 he became vice director of the office of the president of Kinghing Trust & Investment. Chen resigned from this role in 1999.
He started Shanda Interactive Entertainment Limited as an online games company with his family in 1999. He became board president. Shanda Interactive became the first Chinese online games company listed in the U.S. on Nasdaq in May 2004. Shanda is known for creating and promoting a freemium model for online games subscription in China.
The company became the largest Internet company in China by market capitalization in 2004. In 2004 Chen was second on China's Hurun Review rich list.
China Central Television voted him their leading "Rising Business Star." He was put on the 100 Innovators Under 35 list put out by the MIT Technology Review.
Shanda Group went private in early 2012, with Chen, his wife, and his brother keeping a combined 57% stake.
Tianqiao Chen and his family sold all their stakes in Shanda Games in November 2014, after which Shanda Group refocused on investing.
With Chen remaining chairman and CEO, by early 2017 Shanda Group was the majority shareholder of Legg Mason, Lending Club, and Community Health Systems. It also had property operations in China and North America and stakes in companies such as Sotheby's. Shanda sold its stakes in Sotheby's in 2017 and then it sold its stake Legg Mason later that year, and then Chen resigned as vice-chairman of the Legg Mason board. Chen has invested in the venture funds Propel(x) and Ubiquity Ventures.
Ranked on various rich lists, Chen personally had $4 billion in net value in 2017 and was ranked as the 93rd richest person in Mainland China, according to the Hurun Report.
In 2018, the Committee of 100 gave Chen an award for Lifetime Achievement as Tech Entrepreneur.
Boards
Chen is chairman of the Shanda Group board of directors and is also on the boards of various portfolio companies. Chen is married to Qianqian "Chrissy" Luo who in 2022 joined the Board of Governors of the Huntington Library and Gardens and the Board of Trustees of the California Academy of Sciences.
Philanthropy
Chen and his wife have donated money to medical programs, education, and disaster relief in China and Mongolia. Chen and his wife created the Tianqiao and Chrissy Chen Institute in 2016, and set aside US $1 billion to the non-profit to support fundamental brain research. The non-profit has funded and partnered with the Tianqiao and Chrissy Chen Institute for Neuroscience at Caltech, and the Zhou Liangu Foundation and Huashan Hospital in Shanghai. The couple was named Inside Philanthropy's 2017 Science Funders of the Year, and that same year Chen was named one of Forbes Asia's Heroes of Philanthropy. According to Barron's, the Chens as of 2019 were dedicating much of their time to the institute, with a focus on "compiling data gathered from universities on post-doc programs into a white paper that should allow them to better understand the challenges postdocs face, including pressures to leave for industry." After the post-doctoral focus and a second documentary, Chen wanted the institute to "facilitate the integration of neuroscience, psychiatry, psychology, sociology, philosophy, and even religion" to study "who we are" as humans.
Personal life
Chen and his wife Qianqian "Chrissy" Luo. moved from Shanghai to Singapore in 2009, then from Singapore to the Bay Area of California in late 2017. They are currently residents of Menlo Park, California. Chen bought in 2018 for $39 million a historic mansion built for Alice Gwynne Vanderbilt in 1881 on East 69th Street in the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
References
1973 births
Billionaires from Zhejiang
Living people
People from Xinchang County
Fudan University alumni
Shanda people
Businesspeople from Shaoxing
Chinese philanthropists
Chinese company founders
Willie Clark (born 14 May 1931 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a retired British ice hockey player, manager and administrator. He is a member of the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame.
Career
Clark began his playing career when he became a steward at the Murrayfield Ice Rink in the early 1950s. After starting as a defenceman he soon moved to being a goaltender and joined the Murrayfield Royals as their backup goaltender. After playing briefly with the Glasgow Flyers, Clark returned to the Royals as their starting goaltender.
With the formation of the Northern League in 1966 the Royals changed their name to the Murrayfield Racers. Clark backstopped the team to three consecutive league and playoff championships in 1969–70, 1970–71 and 1971–72 as well as having won the playoffs in the 1968–69 and 1974–75 seasons.
In 1973, Clark became the manager of the Scottish national ice hockey team — a position he continued with until 1992 after he retired from playing in 1975. Clark also became a member of the Scottish Ice Hockey Association in the 1980s, a position which led to him representing Scotland at the British Ice Hockey Association.
Clark was inducted to the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993.
External links
1931 births
British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame inductees
Living people
Murrayfield Racers players
Scottish ice hockey goaltenders
Sportspeople from Edinburgh
Mount Pisgah is an unincorporated community in Milford Township, LaGrange County, Indiana.
A post office was established at Mount Pisgah in 1848, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1907.
Geography
Mount Pisgah is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaGrange County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Marzanabad (, also Romanized as Marzanābād; also known as Marzūnābād and Murzānābād) is a city in Kelardasht District, in Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,078, in 1,335 families.
Marzanabad is the closest green city of Mazandaran province to Tehran while passing through the beautiful road of Tehran-Chalus, one of three major roads that connect Tehran to Mazandaran province, and the shortest path towards the Caspian Sea from Tehran.
Marzanabad is located on a T-junction of the roads towards Tehran, Chalus and Kelardasht. It is about 25 km away from both Chalus and Kelardasht while it is about 170 km away from Tehran via Tehran-Chalus road. Due to the location of the city, it attracts thousands of tourists each year from all parts of Iran, but especially from Tehran.
References
Cities in Mazandaran Province
Populated places in Chalus County
The Imperial Colonial Office () was a governmental agency of the German Empire tasked with managing Germany's overseas territories. Dissolved after World War I, on 20 February 1919 the Imperial Colonial Ministry (Reichskolonialministerium) of the German Weimar Republic replaced the Imperial Colonial Office, dealing with settlements and closing-out of affairs of the occupied and lost colonies.
Development and reorganization
From its inception in 1884, a colonial service organization performed administrative functions (policy and management) for the executive arm of the imperial government. By order of Reich Chancellor Leo von Caprivi on 1 April 1890, responsibility for the colonial service was with the Colonial Department (Kolonialabteilung), still as a subsection in the German Foreign Office (Auswärtiges Amt), but led by a head of section answerable to the Chancellor. By the law of 18 July 1896 the department further co-supervised the colonial military or protection force, the Schutztruppe, with its headquarters (Kommando der Schutztruppen) formerly billeted in the Imperial Naval Office (Reichsmarineamt). By the late 19th century the need evolved for a separate, higher ranking agency that shall report directly to the Reich Chancellor.
A decree by Emperor Wilhelm II of 17 May 1907 removed the Colonial Department together with the Schutztruppe command from the Foreign Office and elevated it to a central authority in its own right, the Reichskolonialamt, to be managed by a cabinet-level Secretary of State. The new office was then physically relocated to a building on Berlin's Wilhelmstrasse No. 62 (demolished in 1938) near Wilhelmplatz, where the Colonial Department of the Foreign Office had resided since 1905. The Schutztruppe command structure was also reorganized and moved to Mauerstrasse No. 45/46, in close proximity of the Reichskolonialamt location. This legislation represented a complete reorganization and was a direct response to the nationwide so-called "Hottentot election", after allegations of colonial malfeasance, corruption and brutality (e.g. the Herero and Namaqua Genocide in German South-West Africa) surfaced in the German print media and culminated in the dissolution of the Reichstag parliament. The shake-up subsequently involved extensive and wide-ranging personnel changes in civil service positions in the colonies.
The newly established Reichskolonialamt led by Secretary of State Bernhard Dernburg reported directly to the head of government, the Reich Chancellor.
Heads of the Kolonialabteilung in the Foreign Office
Friedrich Richard Krauel (1848–1918), in office 1 April 1890 – 30 June 1890
Paul Kayser (1845–1898), in office 1 July 1890 – 14 October 1896
Oswald von Richthofen (1847–1906), in office 15 October 1896 – 31 March 1898
Gerhard von Buchka (1851–1935), in office 1 April 1898 – 12 June 1900
Oscar Wilhelm Stübel (1846–1921), in office 12 June 1900 – 16 November 1905
Ernst II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (1863–1950), in office 16 November 1905 – 5 July 1906
Bernhard Dernburg (1865–1937), in office 5 September 1906 – 16 May 1907
Reichskolonialamt secretaries of state
Bernhard Dernburg (1865–1937), in office 17 May 1907 – 9 June 1910
Friedrich von Lindequist (1862–1945), in office 10 June 1910 – 3 November 1911
Wilhelm Solf (1862–1936), in office 20 December 1911 – 13 December 1918
Johannes Bell (1868–1949), Colonial Political Envoy at the Paris Peace Conference from 13 February 1919 to 20 June 1919
Structure
The new Reichskolonialamt had three departments Abteilungen:
Department A dealt with general political, policy and administrative functions
Department B managed fiscal, transport and technical tasks
Department C was concerned with personnel matters
The subordinated Kolonialhauptkasse main cashiers bureau dealt with disbursements, payrolls and other financial transactions
The headquarters command of the Schutztruppe was often seen as the quasi fourth department, with colonial governors nominally the superiors of troop commanders in the field
The Kolonialrat colonial advisory board was replaced in 1908 (after the major reorganizations of 1907) by a panel of independent experts. A Landeskundliche Kommission scientific and geographic commission for exploration functioned for several years before its mission was modified and replaced in 1911 by the Ständige Wirtschaftliche Kommission permanent economic commission. Further commissions were formed by the German Agriculture Council and tasked with advising the colonial office.
The records of the Reichskolonialamt and other documents from the colonies are now preserved at the branch location at Berlin-Lichterfelde of the German Federal Archives and were previously held at the Deutsches Zentralarchiv, Potsdam, an agency of the former East German regime.
See also
List of German colonial ministers
References
Zeller, Joachim & von der Heyden, Ulrich. Kolonialmetropole Berlin - eine Spurensuche Colonial Metropolis Berlin - a Search for Traces. Berlin. 2002.
Wolfgang Reith: "Die Kaiserlichen Schutztruppen", "Deutschlands Kolonialarmee 1889 - 1919, Windhoek 2017, ISBN 978-99916-909-6-4
Wolfgang Reith: "Eine Frage der nationalen Ehre", "Nationalsozialistische Pläne für eine neue Deutsche Kolonialpolitik", Windhoek 2019, ISBN 978-99916-895-2-4
External links
"Kolonialabteilung, Reichskolonialamt und Reichskolonialministerium 1890-1920" von Arne Schöfert
Wilhelmstr. 62: Das Reichkolonialamt (Afrika in Berlin - Stadtspaziergang des DHM)
Reichskolonialamt im Koloniallexikon
German colonial empire
1907 establishments in Germany
The 2018 KBS Drama Awards (), presented by Korean Broadcasting System (KBS), was held on December 31, 2018 at KBS Hall in Yeouido, Seoul. It was hosted by Jeon Hyun-moo and Uee.
Winners and nominees
Presenters
Special performances
See also
2018 MBC Drama Awards
2018 SBS Drama Awards
References
External links
Korean Broadcasting System original programming
2018 television awards
KBS Drama Awards
2018 in South Korea
December 2018 events in South Korea
Víctor Manuel Castro (1924–2011) was a Mexican actor, screenwriter and film director.
Filmography
Love for Sale (1951)
The Unknown Mariachi (1953)
Raffles (1958)
Golden Legs (1958)
Carnival Nights (1978)
Midnight Dolls (1979)
The Loving Ones (1979)
The Pulque Tavern (1981)
References
Bibliography
Charles Ramírez Berg. Cinema of Solitude: A Critical Study of Mexican Film, 1967-1983. University of Texas Press, 2010.
External links
1924 births
2011 deaths
Mexican screenwriters
Mexican male film actors
Writers from Mexico City
Male actors from Mexico City
Film directors from Mexico City
Holtanna Peak is a peak, high, whose eastern portion is occupied by a small cirque glacier, standing north of the Mundlauga Crags in the eastern part of Fenriskjeften Mountain in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Holtanna (the hollow tooth).
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
The 1881 Suburbs of Nelson by-election was a by-election held on 11 January 1881 in the electorate in Nelson during the 7th New Zealand Parliament.
The by-election was caused by the death of the incumbent Andrew Richmond, on 15 November 1880. The by-election was won by Arthur Collins. Collins was opposed by Arthur Harley, described as a young man with radical ideas like abolishing the governor and the legislative council and issuing a paper currency. Harley was said to be all for "smashing and wasting" and to out-Greys Grey in his Greyism! So it was a fight between "Communism and Constitutionalism".
Results
References
Nelson Suburbs 1881
1881 elections in New Zealand
January 1881 events
Politics of the Nelson Region
Take Me as I Am is the debut studio album by country singer Faith Hill, released in 1993 by Warner Bros. Records. It has been certified 3× platinum in the United States for shipments of three million copies.
Four singles were released from the album. The first two — "Wild One" and "Piece of My Heart" — reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1994. "Wild One," the tale of a rebellious teen-aged girl in conflict with her parents' more conservative ways, was the lead-off single, spending four weeks at No. 1 that January.
"Piece of My Heart", a cover of the 1967 song by Erma Franklin, was issued as the follow-up. The third single, "But I Will", failed to break the Top 30, but Hill's fourth release in late 1994 (the title track) reached No. 2.
Larry Flick from Billboard stated that on "But I Will", "the power of her pliable, pure country voice has never been better showcased than on this heartfelt ballad about a woman who's had just about enough."
Track listing
All tracks produced by Scott Hendricks; except "Just Around the Eyes" produced by Michael Clute and Gary Burr.
Personnel
As listed in liner notes.
All tracks except "Just Around the Eyes"
Gary Burr – background vocals
John Catchings – cello
Bill Cuomo – synthesizer
Stuart Duncan – mandolin, fiddle
Paul Franklin – steel guitar, dobro
Dann Huff – electric guitar
John Barlow Jarvis – piano
Mary Ann Kennedy – background vocals
Mark Luna – background vocals
Brent Mason – electric guitar
Terry McMillan – congas, cymbals, tambourine
Don Potter – acoustic guitar
Michael Rhodes – bass guitar
Pam Rose – background vocals
Victoria Shaw – background vocals
Karen Staley – background vocals
Larry Stewart – background vocals
Cindy Richardson Walker – background vocals
Ron Wallace – background vocals
Lari White – background vocals
Lonnie Wilson – drums
On "Just Around the Eyes"
Gary Burr – background vocals
Jerry Douglas – dobro
Rob Hajacos – fiddle
Terry McMillan – percussion
Edgar Meyer – acoustic bass guitar
Harry Stinson – drums
Biff Watson – acoustic guitar
Glenn Worf – electric bass guitar
Production
Producers: Scott Hendricks (all tracks except "Just Around the Eyes"); Mike Clute and Gary Burr ("Just Around the Eyes" only)
Assistant producer: John Kunz
Engineers: Mike Clute, John Kelton
Assistant engineers: Jon "JD" Dickson, Amy Hughes, John Kunz, Shawn McLean, Wayne Morgan, Herb Tassin
Mixing: Scott Hendricks
Mastering: Denny Purcell
Overdubs: Scott Hendricks, John Kunz
Art direction: Laura LiPuma
Design: Garrett Rittenberry
Photography: Aaron Rapoport
Make-up: Eric Bernard, Beth Katz
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1993 debut albums
Faith Hill albums
Warner Records albums
it:Take Me as I Am
The leaden honeyeater (Ptiloprora plumbea) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found in the New Guinea Highlands.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
leaden honeyeater
Birds of New Guinea
leaden honeyeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Tommaso Salvadori
Chinatown, My Chinatown is a 1929 animated short film which was presented by Max Fleischer and directed by Dave Fleischer. The film, which was originally released by Paramount, features a sing-along version of the song "Chinatown, My Chinatown", a song that was originally published in 1910.
The film also features Chinese caricatures, whose doings are stereotypical Chinese, such as eating Chinese food and ironing a shirt, as it was common for laundromats to be run by Chinese immigrants at that time.
Copyright on August 2, 1929 and released on the 29nd, the film is part of "follow the bouncing ball" series entitled Screen Songs. These films would instruct the audience to sing that said-song.
Plot
The film opens, with stereotypical Chinese music, to two Chinese caricatures. One of them is eating Chinese food with chopsticks, the other one is ironing a shirt next to him. Then, the ironer, whilst trying to test the heat of the iron, drops the shirt into the eater's bowl. The eater then comically eats the shirt. Once the ironer notices the shirt's disappearance and investigates the eater about it, he spits out a button. This angers the ironer, who pings it at the eater's face. This also angers the eater, who hits his chopsticks at the ironer's head. This starts a fight between the two of them, with both of them comically using their pointy hats as swords. This ends with the eater's hat being damaged. However, this does not stop him for stabbing the ironer in the buttocks. This makes the ironer cry out a Chinese letter, which morphs into the bouncing ball, used in the Screen Songs to help the audience keep up with the song. An unnamed man invites the audience, through broken English and a Chinese accent, to sing-along and follow the bouncing ball. However, he comically warns the audience that if they do not sing, then they will not wash their clothes. The song sung is "Chinatown, My Chinatown", which is played with Chinese instruments, such as a gong which is struck several times during the song. There are also animated footage where other caricatures perform actions according to the lyrics which are played during the song. The last section of the song features a Chinese man in place of the bouncing ball, by jumping on the lyrics. The lyrics comically lead him to his clothes-line, and the film ends with him drawing his clothes-line to his house.
Characters
In the film, there are numerous Chinese caricatures. The main two, which is featured in the first half of the film, speak nonsense words, which is meant to parody Mandarin, and they also fight near the end of the first half. The other caricatures, who are featured in the second half of the film, or the sing-along section, perform actions according to the lyrics, and also attempt to attack the person who is acting as the bouncing ball near the end of the film.
Reception
Chinatown, My Chinatown was well received by The Film Daily. Reviewed as Chinatown, the magazine said the film was a "corking piece of entertainment" and also said the film was "Great fun".
References
External links
1920s English-language films
1929 short films
1929 animated films
1920s American animated films
Sing-along
Short films directed by Dave Fleischer
American animated short films
Fleischer Studios short films
Films set in China
Films about race and ethnicity
Paramount Pictures short films
The black ghost knifefish (Apteronotus albifrons) is a tropical fish belonging to the ghost knifefish family (Apteronotidae). They originate in freshwater habitats in South America where they range from Venezuela to the Paraguay–Paraná River, including the Amazon Basin. They are popular in aquaria. The fish is all black except for two white rings on its tail, and a white blaze on its nose, which can occasionally extend into a stripe down its back. It moves mainly by undulating a long fin on its underside. It will grow to a maximum length of .
Black ghost knifefish are nocturnal. They are a weakly electric fish which use an electric organ and receptors distributed over the length of their body in order to locate insect larvae.
The black ghost knifefish natively lives in fast moving, sandy bottom creeks in a tropical climate. South American natives believe that the ghosts of the departed take up residence in these fish, hence the name.
The black ghost knifefish is a weakly electric fish as a result of the electromotor and electrosensory systems it possesses. While some fish can only receive electric signals, the black ghost knifefish can both produce and sense the electrical impulses. Electrogenesis occurs when a specialized electric organ found in the tail of the fish generates electrical signals, which are thus called electric organ discharges (EODs). Then, for these EODs to be sensed by the fish, electroreception occurs when groups of sensory cells embedded in the skin, known as electroreceptor organs, detect the electrical change. The EODs are used for two major purposes: electrolocation and communication.
The kind of EOD produced can be used to distinguish between two types of weakly electric fish: the pulse-type and the wave-type. The black ghost knifefish are considered to be the latter type, because they can continuously generate EODs in small intervals. Wave-type EODs have a narrow power spectrum, and can be heard as a tonal sound, where the discharge rate establishes the fundamental frequency. By emitting its own continuous sinusoidal train of EODs, the fish can determine the presence of nearby objects by sensing perturbations in timing and amplitude of electric fields, an ability known as active electrolocation. The particular organs used to sense the self-generated high-frequency EODs are tuberous electroreceptor organs. On the other hand, when low-frequency electric fields are generated by external sources instead of the fish itself, a different class of electroreceptor organs is used for this passive electrolocation, called ampullary organs. Therefore, the black ghost knifefish uses an active and a passive electrosystem, each with its own corresponding receptor organs. The fish can also use a mechanosensory lateral line system, which detects water disturbances created by the motion of the fish's body. As nocturnal hunters, the fish can rely on all three systems to navigate through dark environments and detect their prey.
Each species has a characteristic EOD baseline frequency range, which varies with sex and age within the species, as well. The baseline frequency is maintained to be almost constant at stable temperature, but will usually be changed due to the presence of others of the same species. Such changes in frequency relevant to social interaction are called frequency modulations (FMs). The role these FMs have in communication is significant, as black ghost knifefish have developed jamming avoidance responses, which are behavioral responses that avoid the overlapping of EOD frequencies between conspecific individuals to prevent sensory confusion. Moreover, a study was conducted that focused on sexual dimorphism in electrocommunication signals. Female black ghost knifefish generate EODs at a higher frequency than the males, an FM which can be used for gender recognition. A study found the subordinate black ghost knifefish exhibited noticeable gradual frequency rises (GFRs) in their EODs whereas the dominant fish did not, supporting the researchers' hypothesis that GFRs during communication are indicative of submissive signals.
It is possible to use a device to convert a captive fish's electrical signals into audible sound, allowing listeners to hear the fish "talk". The Bakken Museum in Minneapolis has a display with such a device and a black ghost knifefish.
References
.
Further reading
MacIver M. A., Patankar N. A. & Shirgaonkar A. A. (2010). "Energy-Information Trade-Offs between Movement and Sensing". PLoS Computational Biology 6(5): e1000769.
External links
Ikan Black Ghost
The MacIver Lab Homepage
Black Ghost Knife Fish, Apteronotus albifrons (Linnaeus, 1766).BdFISH
black ghost knifefish
Fish of Venezuela
Fish of the Amazon basin
black ghost knifefish
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Murrumbidgee Council is a local government area in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. This area was formed in 2016 from the merger of the Murrumbidgee Shire with the neighbouring Jerilderie Shire.
The combined area comprises and covers the urban areas of Coleambally, Darlington Point and Jerilderie and the surrounding cropping and pastoral areas. At the time of its establishment, the estimated population of the area was 4,047.
The inaugural Mayor of Murrumbidgee Council is former Jerilderie Shire councillor Ruth McRae, elected on 21 September 2017. Cr McRae was elected as Mayor for the second term on 24 September 2019.
Demographics
Heritage listings
The Murrumbidgee Council has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Darlington Point, Warangesda: Warangesda Aboriginal Mission
Jerilderie, Nowranie Street: Jerilderie railway station
Council
Murrumbidgee Council has nine Councillors, with three councillors elected proportionally from three wards - Jerilderie, Murrumbidgee and Murrumbidgee East. All Councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The Mayor and Deputy Mayor are elected for 12 month terms, each September.
The most recent election was held on 9 September 2017, and the Councillors elected are as follows:
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
Local government areas of the Riverina
2016 establishments in Australia
Bullet is the nineteenth book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton. It debuted at #2 on The New York Times Best Seller List for Hardcover Fiction.
Plot introduction
Anita Blake is back in St. Louis and trying to live a normal life-as normal as possible for someone who is a legal vampire executioner and a U.S. Marshal. There are lovers, friends and their children, school programs to attend. In the midst of all the ordinary happiness a vampire from Anita's past reaches out. She was supposed to be dead, killed in an explosion, but the Mother of All Darkness is the first vampire, their dark creator. It's hard to kill a god. This dark goddess has reached out to her here in St. Louis, home of everyone Anita loves most. The Mother of All Darkness has decided she has to act now or never, to control Anita, and all the vampires in America.
The Mother of All Darkness believes that the triumvirate created by master vampire Jean-Claude with Anita and the werewolf Richard Zeeman has enough power for her to regain a body and to immigrate to the New World. But the body she wants to possess is already taken. Anita is about to learn a whole new meaning to sharing her body, one that has nothing to do with the bedroom. And if the Mother of All Darkness can't succeed in taking over Anita's body for herself, she means to see that no one else has the use of it, ever again. Even Belle Morte, not always a friend to Anita, has sent word: "Run if you can..."
Characters in Bullet
Major characters
Anita Blake
Jean-Claude
Asher
Richard
Micah
Nathaniel
Other characters
Damian
Nicky, one-eyed werelion, a "Bride" of Anita's rather than an Animal-to-call, he is completely loyal to her because of being deep rolled by Anita in Flirt
Haven, a would-be werelion Rex to Anita's Regina, violent and very possessive of her in front of other werelions.
References
2010 American novels
American erotic novels
American horror novels
American mystery novels
Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter novels
Novels set in St. Louis
Berkley Books books
Ulrich Apt the Elder (1460-1532), was a German Late-Gothic painter.
Biography
Apt was born in Augsburg, and lived and worked there all of his life. He became an independent master in 1481. He ran a workshop in Augsburg with his three sons Jacob, Ulrich Apt the Younger, and Michael, all artists, producing primarily religious themed works. He died in Augsburg in 1532.
References
15th-century German painters
German male painters
16th-century German painters
1532 deaths
1460 births
Gothic painters
Artists from Augsburg
Gérard Guazzini (born 11 September 1966) is a French former professional racing cyclist. He rode the 1994 Tour de France.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
French male cyclists
People from Martigues
Sportspeople from Bouches-du-Rhône
Cyclists from Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Nuskova (; , ) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
There is a small chapel in the settlement dedicated to the Holy Trinity. It was built in 1925 and has a small belfry.
References
External links
Nuskova on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
Timothy A. McKernan II (born July 29, 1989) is an American ice dancer who skates in partnership with Kimberley Hew-Low for Australia. They competed at the 2017 Four Continents Championships. Representing the United States with Piper Gilles, McKernan won one medal on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series and became the 2008 U.S. national junior silver medalist.
Personal life
McKernan was born in York, Pennsylvania. He is an army brat and has lived all over the country. His mother, Vicky, is a Lieutenant Colonel in the US Army Reserve. His father, Timothy A. McKernan Sr., is a Colonel in the U.S. Army and was deployed to Afghanistan at the time of the 2007 U.S. Championships and to Iraq at the time of the 2008 U.S. Figure Skating Championships.
After graduating from Cheyenne Mountain High School, McKernan attended the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs and then Eastern Michigan University. He graduated in December 2013 with a bachelor's degree in Earth Sciences.
From 2013-2019, McKernan was an assistant coach at the International Skating Academy at the Arctic Edge of Canton in Canton, MI USA. He taught alongside Marina Zoueva, Oleg Epstein, Johnny Johns, and Massimo Scali. He continued to teach in Canton after the departure of Marina Zoueva(Feb 2019) until October 2021. He now is a coach at the Dubai Mall Ice Rink in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Career
McKernan competed with Alicia Wallace in the 2002–03 season on the juvenile level. They competed at the 2003 U.S. Junior Championships and placed 9th in their qualifying group.
In January 2003, he teamed up with Piper Gilles. They began competing on the Intermediate level in 2004. During their career, they were the 2007 U.S. Junior Pewter Medalists and the 2008 U.S. Junior silver medalists. They announced the end of their partnership on May 22, 2008. Gilles / McKernan were coached by Patti Gottwein, Christopher Dean, and Rich Griffin.
McKernan teamed up with Shannon Wingle in the summer of 2008. They are coached by Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva. They made their international debut at the 2008–09 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Ostrava, Czech Republic, where they placed 7th.
In the 2016–17 season, McKernan began competing with Kimberley Hew-Low for Australia. They debuted their partnership at the NRW Trophy in early November 2016.
Programs
(with Gilles)
Competitive highlights
CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Hew-Low for Australia
With Wingle for the United States
With Gilles for the United States
References
External links
American male ice dancers
1989 births
Living people
Figure skaters from Colorado Springs, Colorado
Sportspeople from York, Pennsylvania
This is a list of all cricketers who have played first-class, List A or Twenty20 cricket for Delhi cricket team. Seasons given are first and last seasons; the player did not necessarily play in all the intervening seasons. Players in bold have played international cricket.
Last updated at the end of the 2015/16 season.
A
Abdul Hai, 1934/35-1935/36
Abdul Hamid, 1936/37
Abdul Majid, 1936/37
Abdur Rauf, 1944/45-1946/47
Mohit Ahlawat, 2015/16
Akhtar Hussain, 1945/46
Mohinder Amarnath, 1974/75-1988/89
Rajinder Amarnath, 1981/82
Surinder Amarnath, 1974/75-1981/82
Jagrit Anand, 2011/12-2014/15
Tummala Anand, 2001/02
BN Andley, 1964/65
Sandeep Angurala, 1994/95-2000/01
Anwar Khan, 1938/39-1939/40
Arun Singh, 1998/99-2002/03
Vemulapally Arvind, 1991/92-1992/93
Ashanul Haque, 1945/46
Gerald Aste, 1935/36
Parvinder Awana, 2007/08-2015/16
Bharat Awasthy, 1958/59-1960/61
Kirti Azad, 1977/78-1993/94
B
Badaruddin Malik, 1946/47
Bikker Bahadur, 1980/81
Kiran Bahadur, 1938/39-1948/49
Shiv Bahry, 1950/51-1951/52
S Balaram, 1979/80-1980/81
Abhinav Bali, 2003/04-2006/07
Balwant Singh, 1967/68-1970/71
Bantoo Singh, 1985/86-1995/96
Jaswant Bawa, 1949/50-1952/53
Bishan Bedi, 1968/69-1980/81
Dharam Beniwal, 1996/97
Hargopal Berry, 1948/49
Amit Bhandari, 1997/98-2008/09
Arvind Bhandari, 1958/59
Prakash Bhandari, 1952/53-1968/69
Anil Bhardwaj, 1975/76
Sanjay Bhardwaj, 1986/87-1987/88
Suboth Bhati, 2015/16
Ajit Bhatia, 1955/56
Anand Bhatia, 1966/67
Prem Bhatia, 1958/59-1968/69
Rajat Bhatia, 2003/04-2014/15
Saket Bhatia, 2002/03
Manohar Bhide, 1943/44
Bhupinder Singh, 1983/84
Bhupinder Singh, 1997/98
Vijay Bhushan, 1960/61-1962/63
Bishan Bihari, 1948/49-1952/53
Puneet Bisht, 2005/06-2015/16
Geoffrey Bull, 1935/36-1936/37
C
Unmukt Chand, 2009/10-2015/16
Jyotish Chander, 1956/57
KS Chatrapalsinhji, 1957/58
Mohan Chaturvedi, 1989/90-1995/96
Harendra Chaudhary, 1996/97-2003/04
Chetan Chauhan, 1975/76-1984/85
HS Chauhan, 1980/81
Manoj Chauhan, 2010/11-2013/14
Pratap Chauhan, 1958/59
Neeraj Chawla, 1999/00
Pradeep Chawla, 2000/01-2007/08
Gaurav Chhabra, 2005/06-2010/11
Mohan Chibber, 1990/91
Pravesh Chimkara, 2009/10
Aakash Chopra, 1996/97-2009/10
Deepak Chopra, 1980/81-1982/83
Nikhil Chopra, 1993/94-2000/01
Rajneesh Chopra, 1993/94-1998/99
Dilip Chowdhury, 1962/63
Yogendra Chowdhury, 1953/54-1958/59
D
Vijay Dahiya, 1993/94-2006/07
Daljit Singh, 1965/66
Michael Dalvi, 1966/67
Ashu Dani, 1994/95-2000/01
Darshan Swaroop, 1949/50-1952/53
Ishwar Dayal, 1944/45-1948/49
Anthony de Mello, 1940/41-1945/46
Ramesh Dewan, 1959/60-1960/61
Meghraj Dhannu, 1969/70-1972/73
Dharam Vir, 1967/68
Shikhar Dhawan, 2004/05-2015/16
GM Din, 1934/35-1939/40
Ajay Divecha, 1964/65
Mukesh Diwan, 2005/06
Rahul Dixit, 1980/81-1987/88
Thomas Dixon, 1934/35-1936/37
Sumeet Dogra, 1993/94-1998/99
Baldev Dua, 1968/69
Karun Dubey, 1978/79
Ravi Dutt, 1951/52-1952/53
Surendra Dyama, 2000/01-2001/02
E
Antony Edwards, 1946/47
Ejaz Ahmed, 1942/43-1945/46
Onkar Elhence, 1934/35
Charles Evette, 1938/39
F
Farman Ahmed, 2009/10-2011/12
Fasihuddin, 1938/39
Fateh Mahomed, 1939/40
Fazal, 1935/36
Fahad Samar 2010-11
G
Gautam Gambhir, 1999/00-2015/16
Ashok Gandotra, 1965/66-1974/75
Rajesh Gehlot, 1999/00-2000/01
Feroze Ghayas, 1992/93-1997/98
Hari Gidwani, 1972/73-1977/78
Sanjay Gill, 1999/00-2004/05
Munish Giri, 1998/99
Rajinder Goel, 1963/64-1972/73
Manoj Gupta, 1980/81
Radhey Gupta, 2001/02-2002/03
Ranjan Gupta, 2003/04-2005/06
Vinod Gupta, 1969/70
Gurbaksh Singh, 1943/44-1946/47
Gursharan Singh, 1981/82-1985/86
Gaurav Chhabra 2008-2010
Gourav Kumar, 2018-19
H
Rajan Handa, 1993/94
Hargopal Singh, 1943/44-1958/59
Shekhar Haridas, 1965/66
Harpreet Singh, 1989/90-1993/94
Himmat Singh, 2015/16
I
Idrees Baig, 1935/36-1945/46
Gokul Inder Dev, 1961/62-1962/63
Inderjit Singh, 1965/66-1976/77
Kumar Indrajitsinhji, 1958/59-1960/61
J
Edward Jackson, 1946/47
Ajay Jadeja, 2003/04-2004/05
Aditya Jain, 2005/06-2010/11
Anil Jain, 1963/64-1965/66
Devendra Jain, 1984/85
GC Jain, 1949/50
Pradeep Jain, 1986/87-1989/90
Jamilul Hai, 1940/41-1944/45
Jamilur Rehman, 1938/39
Jaspal Singh, 1986/87-1987/88
Jaswant Singh, 1947/48
Joginder Singh, 2009/10-2010/11
Johnnie Johnson, 1942/43
Pankaj Joshi, 1996/97-2000/01
Sunil Joshi, 1999/00-2003/04
Ankur Julka, 2009/10-2011/12
K
BR Kagal, 1934/35
Ahmed Kamal, 1942/43
Dharshan Kanjania, 2008/09-2009/10
Pradeep Kanojia, 1980/81
Ravinder Kapila, 1980/81
Ashwini Kapoor, 1984/85-1985/86
Gian Kapoor, 1947/48-1951/52
GL Kapoor, 1934/35
Raj Kapoor, 1993/94
Praveen Kashyap, 1976/77
Aditya Kaushik, 2013/14-2015/16
Khalil-ur-Rehman, 1942/43
Khallil Ahmed, 1938/39
Javed Khan, 2013/14
Anilkumar Khanna, 1955/56-1964/65
Balbir Khanna, 1948/49
Satish Khanna, 1947/48-1966/67
Surinder Khanna, 1976/77-1987/88
Jogesh Khattar, 1965/66
Arun Khurana, 1978/79-1982/83
Shashikant Khurana, 1984/85-1986/87
Vivek Khurana, 2001/02
H Kishenchand, 1943/44-1952/53
Pradeep Kochar, 1980/81-1982/83
Virat Kohli, 2005/06-2013/14
Satyendra Kuckreja, 1953/54-1955/56
Milind Kumar, 2009/10-2015/16
Pawan Kumar, 1982/83
Varun Kumar, 2001/02-2005/06
L
Lakshman, 1936/37
Akash Lal, 1959/60-1968/69
Arun Lal, 1974/75-1980/81
Ishwar Lal, 1939/40-1942/43
Kunal Lal, 2003/04-2007/08
Madan Lal, 1972/73-1989/90
Raman Lamba, 1978/79-1997/98
Vinay Lamba, 1967/68-1980/81
Major Leach, 1943/44
SS Lee, 1976/77
Lekhraj, 1952/53
Suresh Luthra, 1967/68-1979/80
M
Devashish Mahanti, 1982/83
Mahipetsinhji, 1947/48
Akash Malhotra, 1993/94-1999/00
Ashish Malhotra, 1998/99-2006/07
MC Malhotra, 1952/53-1953/54
Omi Malhotra, 1949/50-1952/53
Gagan Malik, 1999/00
Yesh Manchanda, 1960/61
Mithun Manhas, 1997/98-2014/15
Maninder Singh, 1980/81-1993/94
Manoj Singh, 1993/94-1994/95
M. H. Maqsood, 1934/35-1944/45
Ashwini Marwah, 1970/71-1973/74
Masud Yar Khan, 1940/41
Anil Mathur, 1970/71-1973/74
Bishan Mathur, 1940/41-1947/48
CB Mathur, 1952/53-1959/60
KL Mathur, 1951/52-1955/56
RB Mathur, 1964/65-1965/66
Mazhar Hussain, 1944/45
Ayudhia Mehra, 1958/59
Gulshan Rai Mehra, 1957/58-1966/67
Madan Mehra, 1953/54-1957/58
Puneet Mehra, 2009/10-2011/12
Rajan Mehra, 1953/54-1959/60
Rohit Mehra, 1998/99-1999/00
Ram Prakash Mehra, 1934/35-1946/47
Sheel Mehra, 1970/71-1974/75
Vijay Mehra, 1963/64-1970/71
Vijay Mishra, 1990/91
Vikas Mishra, 2009/10-2013/14
Mohammad Afzal, 1946/47
Mohammad Ishaq, 1940/41-1944/45
Sardar Mohammad Khan, 1939/40
Mohammad Yunus, 1940/41-1945/46
Mohammad Zafar, 1935/36-1938/39
Surinder Mohan, 1970/71
Atul Mohindra, 1986/87-1992/93
Musa Khan, 1934/35-1939/40
N
Yogesh Nagar, 2008/09-2015/16
Chetanya Nanda, 2004/05-2010/11
Satish Nanda, 1955/56
Raj Narain, 1966/67-1972/73
Shiv Narain, 1944/45
Suraj Narain, 1943/44-1945/46
Pulkit Narang, 2015/16
Narender Singh, 2007/08
Sumit Narwal, 2007/08-2015/16
Kartar Nath, 1992/93-1996/97
Manu Nayyar, 1986/87-1993/94
Syed Nazir Hussain, 1934/35-1936/37
Narender Negi, 2001/02-2007/08
Pawan Negi, 2011/12-2015/16
Ashish Nehra, 1997/98-2015/16
WH Neville, 1935/36
O
Praveen Oberoi, 1972/73-1980/81
Salil Oberoi, 2002/03-2003/04
Om Kishore, 1949/50
Om Kishore, 1957/58-1959/60
P
Karun Pal, 1980/81
Rajinder Pal, 1954/55-1971/72
Ravinder Pal, 1964/65-1966/67
Rishabh Pant, 2015/16
Parvinder Singh, 1969/70
Saurabh Passi, 2013/14
Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi, 1960/61-1964/65
Sheetal Pathak, 1993/94
Sudhir Pathak, 1977/78-1981/82
Rajesh Peter, 1980/81-1983/84
Bhaskar Pillai, 1982/83-1994/95
Manoj Prabhakar, 1982/83-1996/97
Prabjot Singh, 1973/74
Gyaneshwar Prasad, 1958/59-1973/74
Sushil Kumar Prasad, 1982/83-1984/85
Pratyush Singh, 2013/14-2014/15
Premnath, 1945/46
Prithviraj, 1950/51
Dev Puri, 1947/48
Pururaj Singh, 2003/04
Q
Qamaruddin Butt, 1946/47
R
Ravi Raj, 1974/75
Rajinder Singh, 1980/81-1984/85
Nitish Rana, 2012/13-2015/16
Rahul Verma Rajput, 2015/16
Ranbir Singh, 1966/67-1967/68
Rashid, 1938/39
Rajiv Rathore, 1998/99-2002/03
Abdul Rauf, 1999/00-2002/03
Balaji Rao, 1955/56-1960/61
Krishna Rao, 1947/48
Mohinder Rawal, 1966/67
Vaibhav Rawal, 2012/13-2015/16
Kuldeep Rawat, 2002/03-2011/12
Sarang Rawat, 2015/16
Maharaja Razdan, 1949/50
Vivek Razdan, 1991/92-1992/93
Riazul Hussain, 1939/40
Robin Singh, Jr., 1994/95-2000/01
S
Joginder Saberwal, 1951/52-1955/56
Yogesh Sachdeva, 2005/06-2006/07
Rohit Sahni, 1971/72
Navdeep Saini, 2013/14-2015/16
Ragubhir Saini, 1959/60-1968/69
Rishit Saini, 2011/12
Shankar Saini, 1986/87-1990/91
Salahuddin Khan, 1944/45-1945/46
Saleem, 1942/43-1946/47
Satish Salwan, 1994/95-1996/97
Samarth Singh, 2013/14
Rahul Sanghvi, 1995/96-2006/07
Pradeep Sangwan, 2006/07-2015/16
Sarandeep Singh, 2001/02-2005/06
Satya Dev, 1958/59
Daljit Singh Saxena, 1967/68-1976/77
Laxmi Chand Saxena, 1947/48-1956/57
Ramesh Saxena, 1960/61-1965/66
Ravi Sehgal, 1992/93-1995/96
Sunny Sehrawat, 2011/12
Virender Sehwag, 1997/98-2014/15
J Sen, 1940/41-1945/46
JN Seth, 1949/50
Raju Sethi, 1980/81-1983/84
SM Shafi, 1939/40
Shakti Singh, 1993/94-1996/97
Shamsunder, 1938/39
Abhay Sharma, 1987/88-1990/91
Abhishek Sharma, 2001/02-2009/10
Ajay Sharma, 1984/85-1999/00
Chetan Sharma, 2010/11-2011/12
Davendra Sharma, 1993/94-2000/01
Deepak Sharma, 1981/82
Hitesh Sharma, 1991/92-1993/94
Ishant Sharma, 2005/06-2015/16
Kshitiz Sharma, 2012/13-2014/15
Manan Sharma, 2007/08-2015/16
Mohit Sharma, 2009/10-2013/14
Rahul Sharma, 1986/87 (played international cricket for Hong Kong)
Rajkumar Sharma, 1986/87-1990/91
Sanjay Sharma, 1988/89-1992/93
Sanjeev Sharma, 1960/61-1963/64
Sanjeev Sharma, 1983/84-1990/91
Shivam Sharma, 2014/15-2015/16
Suhail Sharma, 2005/06-2007/08
Vishal Sharma, 1999/00-2000/01
Shelly Shaurya, 2012/13-2013/14
Shawej Khan, 2010/11
Sher Mohammad, 1965/66
Dhruv Shorey, 2012/13-2015/16
Shujauddin Siddiqi, 1939/40-1945/46
Anand Shukla, 1965/66
Rakesh Shukla, 1969/70-1985/86
Ponnuswami Sitaram, 1956/57-1967/68
RS Sondhi, 1973/74-1974/75
Vijay Sondhi, 1963/64-1964/65
Man Sood, 1956/57-1964/65
Varun Sood, 2011/12-2014/15
S Srinivasan, 1949/50
Shirish Srivastava, 1984/85-1987/88
Akash Sudan, 2015/16
Sukhvinder Singh, 1986/87-1992/93
Sultan, 1936/37
Amit Suman, 1998/99-2001/02
Venkat Sunderam, 1970/71-1980/81
Sunil Dev, 1969/70
Surajuddin, 1936/37
Pawan Suyal, 2009/10-2015/16
Anand Swaroop, 1960/61
T
Tajammul Hussain, 1934/35-1939/40
Mayank Tehlan, 2003/04-2010/11
Praveen Thapur, 1994/95
Tilak Raj, 1980/81-1983/84
G Tilak Raj, 1964/65-1967/68
Vijay Tiwari, 1961/62
Vikas Tokas, 2012/13-2015/16
MS Toorie, 1934/35
Tuljaram, 1947/48-1956/57
Turab Ali, 1945/46-1946/47
V
Gautam Vadhera, 1992/93-1995/96
Ravi Vaid, 1948/49-1958/59
Sonu Vaid, 2001/02-2002/03
Sunil Valson, 1977/78-1985/86
Rajeswar Vats, 1973/74-1975/76
Bharat Veer, 2009/10
Siddharth Verma, 2002/03
Pranshu Vijayran, 2014/15
Rajiv Vinayak, 1986/87-1995/96
Hiralal Vohra, 1947/48-1955/56
W
Atul Wassan, 1986/87-1997/98
Chester Watson, 1962/63 (played international cricket for West Indies)
Oniel Wilson, 1990/91-1997/98
Y
Kapil Yadav, 2008/09-2010/11
Rahul Yadav, 2008/09-2015/16
Yakub, 1938/39
Jitendra Yeshpal, 1956/57-1958/59
Yusuf Nanjrani, 1940/41
References
Delhi cricketers
cricketers
Kisjakabfalva (; ) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary. Until the end of World War II, the majority of the inhabitants were Danube Swabians, also called locally as Stifolder, because their ancestors once came in the 17th century and 18th century from Fulda (district). Mostly of the former German settlers were expelled to allied-occupied Germany and allied-occupied Austria in 1945–1948, as a result of the Potsdam Agreement.
Only a few Germans of Hungary live there, the majority today are the descendants of Hungarians from the Czechoslovak–Hungarian population exchange. They occpied the houses of the former Danube Swabians inhabitants.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Ashley Campbell is a British actor, dancer and singer of English and Grenadian heritage. Campbell is known for his portrayal of Ollie in the CBBC children's drama The Mysti Show.
Career
In 2000 at 19 years old he successfully auditioned for the touring and West End production of Fame the Musical at the Victoria Palace Theatre in London. Campbell remained with Fame for 16 months. Ashley starred as Dromio of Syracuse in The Bomb-itty of Errors at the New Ambassadors theatre in London. Campbell recreated the role of Little Moe in the 20th anniversary production of Five Guys Named Moe alongside creator Clarke Peters. Campbell toured the United States of America playing Sammy Davis Jr. in The Rat Pack: Live from the Sands. In 2013 Campbell appeared in the European premier of The Color Purple at the Menier Chocolate Factory directed by John Doyle. Other notable theatrical appearances include Tick, Tick... Boom! at The Union, and High Heel Parrot Fish and Gutted at the Theatre Royal Stratford East.
Campbell starred as Ollie in the CBBC children's drama series The Mysti Show alongside Laura Aikman and Oliver Mason. In 2009, he appeared as Wayne Connor in Hollyoaks Later He reprised the role in Hollyoaks. Other notable appearances include Holby City (BBC), Ultimate Force and William and Mary for ITV. Campbell plays Tim Radcliffe in Scott and Bailey episode 3, series 4 2014. As well as regular television appearances Campbell continues his work in the Theatre.
Campbell is currently appearing in Sunny Afternoon at the Harold Pinter Theatre, directed by Edward Hall and choreographed by Adam Cooper. It celebrates the life and career of Ray Davies and the Kinks. He played Wesley Summerton in "The Celestial Choir", an episode of Father Brown, in 2020. Then in September 2021, he appeared in the BBC soap opera Doctors as Andrew Hamilton.
References
External links
http://sunnyafternoonthemusical.com/
https://web.archive.org/web/20140718050453/http://wildstreetproductions.co.uk/whoarewe.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20091102033813/http://www.theratpackliveatthesands.com/cast_ashleycampbell.asp
https://web.archive.org/web/20160305121936/http://www.robertckelly.co.uk/productions/strp/sammy.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20160301171424/http://www.cam.co.uk/cv/client_ashley-campbell_id_100666.htm
http://tellychat.co.uk/scott-and-bailey-series-4-cast-list-2014-season-itv-filming-locations/
https://web.archive.org/web/20130615164608/http://londoneer.org/2013/03/gutted-rikki-beadle-blair-theatre-royal-stratford-east.html
http://www.thefreelibrary.com/THEATRE+REVIEW+The+Rat+Pack,+Liverpool+Empire.-a0147769960
20th-century British male actors
1979 births
Living people
21st-century British male actors
British male musical theatre actors
British male soap opera actors
The silver-breasted broadbill (Serilophus lunatus) is a species of bird in the broadbill family, Eurylaimidae. It is monotypic (the only species) within the genus Serilophus. There are ten currently recognised subspecies, one of which, rubropygius, was formerly treated as a separate species.
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. The species has declined somewhat due to habitat loss, but is not considered to be threatened with extinction.
Description
The silver-breasted broadbill is a medium-sized broadbill, in length and weighing . The plumage of the nominate race has a rusty-coloured head with an ash-grey forehead and a broad black supercilium (stripe) over the eye. The breast and belly is white and the rump and upper wing coverts are bright rufous. The flight feathers are striking blue and black and the tail is black. There is a small amount of sexual dimorphism in the plumage, with the female having a narrow silver band across the breast. Young birds resemble adults but with shorter wings and tails, and slightly darker plumage overall. There is also some variation across the different subspecies.
Food and feeding
The silver-breasted broadbill eats invertebrates, primarily insects : grasshoppers, mantises, caterpillars, larvae, small land snails. These insects are taken by flycatching from perch or by gleaning branches and foliage.
Habitat
The silver-breasted broadbill occupies a range of forest habitats. It occurs in tropical and semi-tropical forests, as well as semi-deciduous forests and forests dominated by pine, oak and bamboo. It may occur in selectively logged forests and even entered agricultural land and gardens. It occurs at a range of elevations across its range; between in Sumatra but in China.
References
External links
silver-breasted broadbill
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Yunnan
silver-breasted broadbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Dream Weavers was an American popular music, vocal group, famous in the 1950s, formed at the University of Florida by Gene Adkinson (baritone and ukulele) and Wade Buff (lead vocals).
Career
The Dream Weavers consisted primarily of Gene Adkinson and Wade Buff. Other members included Lee Turner, Eddie Newson, Sally Sanborn, Mary Carr and Mary Rude at various times. The two met as sophomores in their respective high schools (Adkinson at Miami Edison Senior High School, Buff at Coral Gables Senior High School) when both were members of The Greater Miami Boys' Drum and Bugle Corps, a 100-piece band and drill team. They became friends and composed a number of songs while still in high school. They both went on to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, where they performed in a freshman talent show before 5,000 students and won. As a result, they were given a twice-weekly half-hour program slot,
radio station, WRUF in 1955. With the program ending at 10:30pm, they felt it appropriate to sign off with a song they had composed in high school in 1953, "It's Almost Tomorrow" (words by Buff, music by Adkinson). Buff served as the lead singer, and the third part was sung by various female singers (Sally Sanborn, Mary Carr, Mary Rude, and others).
The announcer of the show, Chuck Murdock, thought of running a contest on the show to name the group, and the contest winner stated that because the song they wrote was dreamy, they were weavers of dreams, thus "The Dream Weavers."
After making a recording of "It's Almost Tomorrow" in Jacksonville, the song got played on the radio in Miami, and this led to recognition by Milt Gabler at Decca Records. As a result, Decca cut a new recording of the song. It charted in 1956, reaching the Top Ten in the United States of America. It entered the Billboard 100 on November 12, 1955, having a chart life of 21 weeks and a top placing of #8. It sold over one million copies. It was released by Brunswick Records in the United Kingdom, where it hit the chart on February 10, 1956 and reached number one on March 16, holding the top spot for 2 weeks, before being displaced by "The Rock And Roll Waltz" by Kay Starr, only to return the following week for a further one week stay at the top. In total the song was in the UK charts for 18 weeks. However, it was the only chart appearance by the group in the UK, thus condemning The Dream Weavers to the one hit wonder tag.
The group had one subsequent minor hit in America. "A Little Love Can Go A Long Way", taken from the TV play "Joey", made the Billboard 100 at #33 for just one week on May 19, 1956.
The Dream Weavers recorded two further singles, but neither charted. Unless one counts the one week at #33 for "A Little Love Can Go A Long Way" they remain to this day, archetypal one-hit wonders.
In March 1956, Buff married Mary Rude, who was a fellow 1952 graduate of Edison High and had sung with the group. After their honeymoon, he rejoined the group to travel, but after a short while decided that travelling on the road was not compatible with a good marriage. He let Adkinson have full control of the group, and as a result of auditions in New York, Lee Raymond replaced Buff. When Adkinson got drafted into the United States Army however, the duo ended its short existence.
Wade Buff (born on July 7, 1934 in Miami, Florida) died on April 8, 2022 at age 87. He is survived by his wife of 66 years, Mary Buff.
References
External links
The Dream Weavers homepage
Bio of pianist Lee Turner
American vocal groups
American musical duos
Decca Records artists
The 1900 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their seventh season in existence. It was a low profile season for Latrobe. The team played in only 3 games this season and finished 2-1.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
Monrovia Football Club is a football club based in Monrovia, Liberia. The club´s prior name was FC AK but transformed into Monrovia FC 2010. The club currently tops the table of the First Division in Liberia.
Current squad
Sport in Monrovia
Football clubs in Liberia
Typeahead is a feature of computers and software (and some typewriters) that enables users to continue typing regardless of program or computer operation—the user may type in whatever speed is desired, and if the receiving software is busy at the time it will be called to handle this later. Often this means that keystrokes entered will not be displayed on the screen immediately. This programming technique for handling uses what is known as a keyboard buffer.
Typeahead has its roots in the age of typewriters. The IBM Selectric typewriter, first released in 1961, had a mechanical key lockout feature designed to smooth out typists' irregular keystrokes that, to many users, felt like typeahead.
Achieving true typeahead requires maintaining a so-called "typeahead buffer"—a FIFO queue, for instance—whose role it is to store a limited amount of keyboard input until it is called for. Installing such a buffer can be done at both the hardware and the software levels; most modern operating systems, such as Unix, implement this using software, calling kernel interrupts.
In some network operations, one might attempt to dispatch information over a network, regardless whether the receiving program manages to keep up, using the recipient's typeahead functions. However, as this is far too reliant on the specifications of the computer with which one is communicating, it is not often used.
See also
Autocomplete, where the computer predicts the remainder of a command
References
Typing
User interface techniques
The Boss Dr. Sample SP-202 is a discontinued sampling workstation made by Boss Corporation, a division under Roland Corporation. Released in the year of 1998, it is the premier installment to the SP family, which includes Boss's popular SP-303 and Roland's SP-404 installments. The sampler is also successor to Roland's MS-1 Digital Sampler.
Features
Being an early installment, the SP-202 has a limited number of features which were later improved and expanded on through future installments/upgrades of the SP lineage:
8 large pads, 4 banks, two control knobs, with overall display and operation that was later enhanced with the Boss SP-303
Compact, easy-to-use portable sampler—perfect for club DJs, hip-hop and dance music artists, and other sampling musicians
Innovative BPM function calculates BPM from sample length for easy looping*
6 built-in effects including Pitch Shift, Filter 1 & 2, Time Stretch, Delay, Ring Modulation
Sampling time — 4 min. 20 sec. internal, up to 37 min. using optional 5 volt SmartMedia card (2mb or 4mb supported)
User-selectable sampling grade programmable for each pad
Built-in microphone for sampling any time, any place
Import/export WAV/AIF via SmartMedia card slot
Runs on battery or AC power
Musicians
A number of musicians have used the SP-202 as part of their production and performance. Several artists include Fatboy Slim, as well as Tobacco.
See also
Roland MS-1 Digital Sampler
Boss SP-303
Boss SP-505
References
Further reading
External links
SP-202: Dr. Sample
SP-Forums.com - An active forum dedicated to Roland's SP range
Samplers (musical instrument)
Roland
Boss Corporation
Workstations
Roland synthesizers
Grooveboxes
Music sequencers
Sound modules
Music workstations
Hip hop production
Japanese inventions
The Tolpatches were Hungarian foot soldiers in the 17th and 18th centuries.
See also
Bashibazouk
Hungarian soldiers
North Østerdalen Museums () is a museum in the northern part of Norway's Østerdalen district.
The museum was established in 1976. It changed its name to Nordøsterdalsmuseet 'North Østerdalen Museum' in 2004, but the name Musea i Nord-Østerdalen was restored in 2015. It is an open-air museum with units throughout Østerdalen. North Østerdalen Museums is a department of the Anno Museum.
The head office is the Ramsmoen Museum Center in Tynset. The museum has 11 operating buildings and 151 museum buildings, of which 60 have been moved and the rest stand in their original place. Among those in their original locations are is the Alvdal farm settlement; with its 18 houses, it is one of the Norway's best-preserved old farm settlements. The museum's most frequently visited unit is the Aukrust Center. Among the other units are Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson's birthplace at Bjørgan parsonage in Kvikne, the Rendalen Village Museum (a.k.a. the Bull Museum, Jacob Breda Bull's childhood home), the Os Museum, the Tylldalen Farm Village, the Tynset Village Museum, the Folldal Farm Village, and the Dølmo Farm Museum in Tolga.
References
External links
North Østerdalen Museums homepage
Museums in Innlandet
Open-air museums in Norway
Carmelina Rotundo (born 24 November 1953 in Orbetello) is an Italian journalist, blogger and teacher.
Career
Carmelina was an Italian teacher at primary school and tutor at University (Scienze della Formazione Primaria in Florence) journalist and blogger.
Rotundo is the Director in charge of magazines Aghi di Pino, Art- Art and Accademia di Livorno. She is a collaborator of newspapers such as Toscana oggi and La Nazione of Florence. With the municipality of Impruneta she realized exhibitions of contemporary art and collaborated with the associations Fondazione Il Fiore, La Pergola Arte, the Galleria Centro Storico and Misericordia di Firenze for the same purpose.
On the web she collaborated with LeMeridie.it, Overthesky and La Terrazza di Michelangelo.
In 2008, she participated in City Lights, a photographic exhibition by Francesco De Masi, texts by Carmelina Rotundo, jewels by Ugo Bellini, Paolo Venturini and Gianni Testi in Florence - Museo Diocesano di Arte Sacra di Santo Stefano al Ponte (Spazio Incontri di Arte Contemporanea).
In 2010, Rotundo made friends with poet Vanna Bonta at the Camerata dei poeti of Florence. She befriended other poets and artists around the world: Giancarlo Bianchi, Lilly Brogi, Amalia Ciardi Dupree, Duccia Camiciotti, Anna Balsamo and Jakline Nakash De Blanck.
In 2014, she presented a sculpture at the Officina del profumo farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella "Non abbiamo altre strade che quella dell'amore" made by artist Giuseppe Tocchetti.
In 2016, she was one of the speakers of the exhibition Arteè at the Consiglio regionale della Toscana at the Palazzo del Pegaso.
In 2017, she presented the anthology "Pianeta Donna" with Lilly Brogi, Giancarlo Bianchi e Franco Manescalchi at the salone Annigoni in the basilica di San Marco of Florence.
In 2018, she organized the group exhibition Oceani d'amore at palazzo del Pegaso seat of Consiglio regionale della Toscana.
In 2021, she accepted the position of President of the Art Culture Poetry Commission of the Istituto Culturale Vrinda Sole e Luna which he still holds today also conducting radio broadcasts for the Kappa Radio web radio managed by the Association.
Published works
Poetry anthologies
Story books
Bibliography
References
External links
""
""
""
"[www.comune.san-godenzo.fi.it/sites/.../1385394433488_volantino_presepi_2013.pdf]"
""
""
"[libpol.altervista.org/pdf/aghidipino/aghidipino22.pdf]"
"[www.artartimpruneta.it/e107_files/consiglio_2017]"
" "
" "
""
""
1952 births
Living people
Italian women poets
20th-century Italian poets
20th-century Italian women writers
The 19th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 19වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1988 Sinhala cinema on August 16, 1991, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. His Excellency The President Ranasinghe Premadasa was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Palama Yata won the most awards with eight including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1991 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Anthony Joseph Knap (December 8, 1914 – September 24, 2011) was an American football coach. He was the head coach at Utah State University (1963–1966), Boise State University (1968–1975), and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (1976–1981). He compiled a career college football record of (). Knap also worked as a high school teacher and coach, and served in the U.S. Navy during World War II.
Early years and college
The oldest son of Polish immigrants, Knap was born and raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and graduated from Riverside High School (a.k.a. East), where he was an All-City selection in football in 1934. Along with three other Milwaukee freshman, he accepted a football scholarship to the University of Idaho in Moscow and played on the Vandals freshman team in the fall of 1935, then lettered for three seasons (1936–38) on the varsity under head coach Ted Bank. Among his UI teammates were future head coaches and administrators Lyle Smith and Steve Belko. Other teammates included future Idaho athletic director Leon Green, and NFL pros George "Iron Man" Thiessen (Rams), Stonko Pavkov (Steelers), Dean Green (Eagles), Richard "Truck" Trzuskowski (Lions), and Hal Roise (Bears).
As a senior in 1938, Knap was a second-team All-Coast selection at end, the only Vandal to make any of the three teams. The Vandals broke to an early 3–0–1 start in 1938 and there was early talk of the Rose Bowl in the national press. Three conference losses later, the Vandals finished the season at , Idaho's last winning season for a quarter century; not improved upon until 1971.
Knap was also a pitcher and utility player for three seasons on the varsity baseball team,
and a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
High school coach
After earning a bachelor's degree in education in 1939, Knap became a high school teacher and coach for three years in Bonners Ferry, just south of Canada. While waiting for his military commission following the outbreak of World War II, he spent a fall at Lewiston High School in 1942 as an assistant under former Vandal teammate Steve Belko. Knap served in the U.S. Navy, then returned to coaching after the war back in Idaho at Potlatch, near Moscow, and stayed with the Loggers until the summer of 1949.
He attended a summer coaching clinic in 1949 in the Bay Area and was offered a head coaching position at Pittsburg High School in Pittsburg, California. Knap accepted and moved his family south to northern California. He stayed at the East Bay school for ten years, through the 1958 season; his overall record as a high school coach was .
College coach
Utah State
Knap left Pittsburg to become an assistant coach at Utah State in 1959 under new coach John Ralston. He was credited with developing the big, agile lines which contributed to the Aggies' rise to national prominence. One of those lineman was Merlin Olsen, a future hall of famer in the NFL. (Olsen selected Knap for his presenter at the enshrinement ceremonies in 1982.)
After posting a regular season record in his final three years at USU, Ralston left Logan for Stanford after the 1962 season and Knap was quickly promoted to head coach, where he compiled a record in four seasons, from 1963 to 1966. His 1965 team was 8–2, but the Aggies slipped to 4–6 in 1966. With mixed support from his administrators, Knap resigned in January 1967 to accept a position with the BC Lions in the Canadian Football League (CFL).
In rivalry games, his Utah State teams were 3–1 against BYU for The Old Wagon Wheel and 2–2 against Utah in the Battle of the Brothers.
Boise State
The Lions had a woeful year in 1967, going 3–12–1 and finishing in last in the CFL's Western Division. Knap did not return for another season. Instead, he succeeded Lyle Smith as head coach at Boise College in 1968, soon to become "Boise State College" (and BSU in 1974). Smith had just stepped down as head coach and as the athletic director, hired his former Vandal teammate. It was Boise's first year as an NAIA independent; it had previously competed in the junior college ranks. Two years later in 1970, the Broncos began play in the NCAA in Division II (then the "College Division") and the Big Sky Conference. Knap led the Broncos to a () record in eight years, including three ten-win seasons and three consecutive Big Sky titles His salary was $16,800 in 1971 and $18,800 in 1972.
Knap led the Broncos to a 3–1–1 record against his alma mater in the first five games of the Boise State–Idaho rivalry.
UNLV
His success in Boise led him south to Las Vegas in 1976, where he coached UNLV for six seasons and compiled a record, stepping down at age 67 after the 1981 season. UNLV made the Division II playoffs in his first season and moved up to Division I-A in 1978, his third season at the school. While Knap was head coach, the Rebels played as an independent; UNLV joined the PCAA the following season in 1982. He was inducted into UNLV's hall of fame in 1989.
He led the Rebels to a 3–1 record over Nevada in the rivalry game for the Fremont Cannon. The game was not played in 1980, 1981, or 1982.
Personal life
Knap married Doris Adella "Mickey" McFarland (1920–2013), a former UI student born in St. Maries, during his first year as a teacher. They were wed in April 1941 in Bonners Ferry and had three daughters: Jacqueline, Angeline, and Caroline. In addition to his bachelor's degree, he also earned a master's degree from Idaho, completing it in 1953 while in California.
Following his retirement from coaching, Knap and his wife moved to Walla Walla, Washington in 1982. They were married over 70 years when he died on September 24, 2011 at Bishop Place Retirement Center in Pullman; he was age 96 and had suffered for several years from Alzheimer's disease. She died two years later at age 93, also in Pullman.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1914 births
2011 deaths
American people of Polish descent
BC Lions coaches
Boise State Broncos football coaches
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Neurological disease deaths in Washington (state)
High school football coaches in California
High school football coaches in Idaho
Idaho Vandals baseball players
Idaho Vandals football players
Players of American football from Milwaukee
Sportspeople from Milwaukee
University of Idaho alumni
UNLV Rebels football coaches
Utah State Aggies football coaches
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Kumaji Furuya (February 22, 1899 – November 4, 1977) was a Japanese businessman who worked in Hawaii. He started the Fuji Furniture store in Aala, and created Hawaii's first Japanese-language radio program. His penname was Suikei.
Early life
Furuya was born on February 22, 1889, in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan, and moved to the territory of Hawaii in 1907. He originally planned to move to the United States, but the 1907 Gentleman's Agreement banned him from moving there, so he stayed in Hawaii. Furuya worked in sugar plantations and stores all across the islands for five years. In 1914, he opened up a store of his own, the Fuji furniture store. He also joined the Japanese Merchants Association (Chuo Rengo) in 1918. He later helped with a merger between the Japanese Merchants Association and two other organizations to become the Honolulu Japanese Chamber of Commerce (HJCC) in 1939. He served as the Vice President of the HJCC and the United Japanese Society for two years.
He married Jun Kitagawa in 1921.
Furuya was also an avid haiku poet. He followed the style of Seisensui Ogiwara, and even gave him a tour of the Big Island in 1937, when the esteemed poet visited Hawaii. Furuya was a member of a couple of haiku clubs, and had poems published in Ogiwara's literary journal, Sōun.
In 1929, Furuya started a radio program in order to boost radio sales at his store. It was entirely in Japanese, and played on KGU, which only broadcast in English at the time. He was the announcer and producer of the program, and steadily gained more supporters and sponsors. Japanese-language programming steadily grew until 1941, when it had grown to fill 40 hours per week.
Incarceration
Furuya was arrested by the FBI on December 7, 1941, after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. He was interned in the Sand Island Internment Camp until February 20, 1942, when he was sent to the mainland with other Japanese-American internees. He was incarcerated at five different internment camps across the United States, until he was finally incarcerated at the Department of Justice's Santa Fe camp.
Post-war
On November 13, 1945, Furuya was released and returned to Hawaii. In 1951, he was elected the president of the Honolulu Japanese Chamber of Commerce.
In 1968, Furuya was awarded an Order of the Sacred Treasure, 5th class.
He died on November 4, 1977.
Selected bibliography
References
1899 births
1977 deaths
20th-century Japanese businesspeople
People from Yamanashi Prefecture
Japanese-American internees
Japanese emigrants to the United States
20th-century Japanese poets
Mike Adamson may refer to:
Mike Adamson (baseball) (born 1947), American baseball player
Mike Adamson (rugby union) (born 1984), Scottish rugby union player and referee
Mike Adamson (footballer) (born 1949), Scottish footballer
See also
Michael Adamson (born 1971), Canadian painter
Kaboli (, also Romanized as Kābolī) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 583, in 151 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The University of Utah School of Medicine is located on the upper campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. It was founded in 1905 and is currently the only MD-granting medical school in the state of Utah.
History
The school began in 1905 when the Biology department offered a two-year medical course. The founding dean was Dr. Ralph Vary Chamberlin. In 1912, the medical program was established as a separate two-year medical school and became a member of both the Association of American Medical Colleges and the American Medical Association. For the next 30 years, it continued as a two-year program; students were required to complete their final two years of training at other medical schools. The board of regents approved a four-year medical school in 1942.
In the 1950s and 1960s, the University of Utah School of Medicine emerged as a prominent center for bio-medical research, thanks to the work of pioneering physicians and scientists such as Maxwell Wintrobe, Louis Goodman, Homer R. Warner, and Willem Kolff. To this day, the school maintains a reputation for strong scientific investigation, especially in fields such as genetics and bio-medical informatics.
Medical education expanded significantly in 1977, when the University of Utah formed a partnership with Primary Children's Hospital, thus providing the medical school with a dedicated facility for teaching and research in pediatrics. The medical center has expanded even more in recent years, with the creation of the Huntsman Cancer Institute in 1995 and the expansion of the Moran Eye Center in 2006. Such developments have provided even greater learning opportunities for medical students, residents, and fellows at the school.
In 2007, Mario Capecchi, distinguished professor of human genetics and biology, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his method of introducing homologous recombination in mice by way of embryonic stem cells.
Departments of the School of Medicine
The School of Medicine is divided into the following departments: Anesthesiology, Biochemistry, Biomedical Informatics, Dermatology, Family & Preventive Medicine, Human Genetics, Internal Medicine, Neurobiology and Anatomy, Neurology, Neurosurgery, Obstetrics & Gynecology, Oncological Sciences, Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, Orthopaedics, Pathology, Pediatrics, Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation, Physiology, Psychiatry, Radiation Oncology, Radiology, and Surgery.
Centers and Institutes
The Brain Institute
Huntsman Cancer Institute
Moran Eye Center
Neuropsychiatric Institute
Orthopaedic Center
Primary Children's Hospital (affiliated)
Notable alumni
Monica Bertagnolli - surgical oncologist and professor at Harvard Medical School
Ted M. Dawson - neurologist and neuroscientist; Director of the Institute for Cell Engineering at Johns Hopkins University
William DeVries - renowned cardiothoracic surgeon, performed the first successful permanent artificial heart implant
Brent C. James - internationally known expert in clinical quality improvement, featured on the cover of New York Times Magazine in November 2009
Robert Jarvik - medical scientist, inventor of the artificial heart
Robert Metcalf - educator and pioneer in arthroscopic surgery and sports medicine
Russell M. Nelson - renowned cardiothoracic surgeon, prominent leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church)
Dale G. Renlund - cardiologist and member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the LDS Church
J. Charles Rich Jr. - neurosurgeon, former president of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons
Cecil O. Samuelson - physician and administrator, former president of Brigham Young University
Notable faculty
Balamurali Ambati - ophthalmology educator and researcher, became the world's youngest doctor at age 17
Carrie L. Byington - pediatric infectious disease specialist and healthcare administrator
Mario Capecchi - molecular geneticist, winner of 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Dana Carroll - distinguished professor of biochemistry specializing in genome engineering
Ralph Vary Chamberlin - biologist, historian, and pioneering ethnographer; served as first dean of the medical school from 1905 to 1907
Louis S. Goodman - chemotherapy pioneer, co-author of Goodman & Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics
Edward I. Hashimoto - popular professor of human anatomy from 1935 to 1987; longest-tenured professor in the history of the University of Utah (52 years)
Susan Horn - statistician and researcher in biomedical informatics
Janet Iwasa - data visualization designer for molecular processes
Willem Johan Kolff - physician and scientist, prominent researcher in hemodialysis and artificial organs
Vivian Lee - radiologist and administrator; served as Senior Vice President for health sciences, CEO of University Healthcare, and dean of the medical school at Utah
John M. Opitz - medical geneticist who has identified and described many different genetic syndromes
Anne G. Osborn - author, educator, and physician; well-known nationally as a leader in the field of neuro-radiology
Chase N. Peterson - administrator, educator, and expert in endocrinology and renal disease; president of the University of Utah from 1983 to 1991
Mark Skolnick - founder of Myriad Genetics
Geoffrey Tabin - professor of ophthalmology; also a noted adventurer and humanitarian; co-founder of the Himalayan Cataract Project
Homer R. Warner - pioneer in the field of biomedical informatics
Maxwell Wintrobe - physician and researcher, prominent expert in the field of hematology
Notable achievements
The field of biomedical informatics was developed at the University of Utah. The Department of Biomedical Informatics was created in 1964 - the first in the nation - and today remains one of the most renowned programs of its kind in the world.
In 1970, the university's hospital established the first cerebrovascular disease unit in the U.S. west of the Mississippi River.
On December 1, 1982, the first artificial heart implant was performed at the University of Utah (by Dr. DeVries, mentioned above). The patient, retired dentist Barney Clark, had suffered from congestive heart failure. He survived for 112 days after the procedure. The implanted device was designed by Robert Jarvik (also mentioned above), who was a medical student at the U of U at the time.
Utah is known throughout the world as a leader in the study of human genetics. The school has been involved in some of the most valuable research in field, such as the sequencing of the tumor suppressor genes responsible for breast cancer in the 1990s.
WebPath, the world's most popular pathology education website, was created in 1994 by Edward C. Klatt, a professor in the Department of Pathology at the time.
Advanced Wilderness Life Support (AWLS) is a certification course created at the University of Utah in 1997. AWLS is the gold standard program - both nationally and internationally - for teaching management of medical emergencies in wilderness situations.
The John A. Moran Eye Center annually ranks among national leaders in research grants from the National Institutes of Health.
From 2000 to 2010, the residency training program in diagnostic radiology has been ranked #1 in the world by the American Board of Radiology.
References
External links
School of Medicine Homepage
University of Utah Healthcare Homepage
WebPath: The Internet Pathology Laboratory
Educational institutions established in 1905
Education in Salt Lake City
Medical schools in Utah
University of Utah
1905 establishments in Utah
Inedible to Incredible is an American reality television series which follows chef John Besh as he travels around the country to help improve horrible homemade meals. The series aired on TLC from June 21 to July 12, 2010 and was directed by Ian Stevenson.
Episodes
References
External links
2010 American television series debuts
2010 American television series endings
2010s American reality television series
Food reality television series
TLC (TV network) original programming
English-language television shows
Gene Jeter (born February 9, 1942) is a former American football linebacker. He played for the Denver Broncos from 1965 to 1967.
References
1942 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Arkansas–Pine Bluff Golden Lions football players
Texas Southern Tigers football players
Denver Broncos players
The following is the discography of American R&B/soul singer Keith Sweat.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
As a lead artist
1 – Airplay only
2 – Airplay chart
Production discography
References
Rhythm and blues discographies
Discographies of American artists
Soul music discographies
Molly Windsor (born 19 June 1997) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in the 2009 Channel 4 television film The Unloved, and the 2017 BBC miniseries Three Girls, for which she won the 2018 BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress. Windsor was named as a BAFTA Breakthrough Brit, one of the 20 members from the film, television, and gaming industries, in 2017.
Career
Lucy Manvers in The Unloved was Windsor's first professional acting role. The Times described her character as "played with an unsettling stillness by Molly Windsor". She was discovered by the writer and director of BAFTA-winning The Unloved, Samantha Morton, in a local drama school and casting agency, Rama Young Actors. She also had a role as Margaret's daughter in the 2011 film, Oranges and Sunshine.
Windsor attended the Nottingham Actors Studio, a not-for-profit CIC organisation, and the Television Workshop, and has signed a contract with London-based talent agency, the Artists Partnership.
Personal life
Windsor lives in Breaston, Derbyshire with her family. She attended Nottingham's Central Junior Television Workshop, before switching to Rama Young Actors at the age of 10.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Photos on Channel 4 website
Discussion of The Unloved on Newsnight
https://web.archive.org/web/20100905090308/http://www.ramayoungactors.co.uk/
1997 births
Living people
British television actresses
Actresses from Nottinghamshire
Best Actress BAFTA Award (television) winners
James Webbe Tobin (1767–1814) was an English abolitionist, the son of a plantation owner on Nevis. He was a political radical, and friend of leading literary men.
Life
He was the eldest son of James Tobin of Bristol and his first wife Elizabeth Webbe; George Tobin and John Tobin were his brothers. His father was in business with John Pretor Pinney, from 1783.
Tobin was educated at King Edward VI School, Southampton and Wadham College, Oxford, where he matriculated in 1787, and graduated B.A. in 1792. From 1795, until his brother John's death in 1804, they lived together in London.
In the 1790s Tobin befriended Samuel Taylor Coleridge and William Wordsworth; Wordsworth knew, through Basil Montagu and Francis Wrangham, the sons of John Pretor Pinney, and may have met Tobin through Montagu, or the Pinneys. Tobin brought Tom Wedgewood to meet Coleridge and Wordsworth in September 1797; Wedgwood later became Coleridge's patron.<ref>[http://research-information.bristol.ac.uk/files/34498065/392977.pdf Ayumi Mishiro, William Wordsworth and Education: 1791–1802] at p. 134</ref> In letters of 1798, Wordsworth announced to Tobin, then James Losh, his major poetic project under the working title The Recluse.
Tobin had a degenerative eye condition, and at this period he was only partially sighted, ruling out a career. During 1799 he took part in the nitrous oxide experiments of Humphry Davy. He was an observer when Davy experimented with other inhalations.
From 1807 Tobin and his family were on Nevis. He took a leading part in the cruelty case brought in 1810 against the plantation owner Edward Huggins; Huggins had bought the Montravers estate on Nevis from the Pretor Pinney family in 1808. Huggins was acquitted; Tobin made his views known, writing in particular to Hugh Elliot, the Governor of the Leeward Islands, claiming that the jury was packed. The Christian Observer noted that Tobin's blindness meant he could not be challenged to a duel for his stand. James Stephen wrote that others who backed him did not escape feuds.
Works
Tobin contributed to The Annual Anthology edited by Robert Southey, and edited its third volume (1802). In 1812 he wrote a Reply to the pamphlet A plain statement of the motives which gave rise to the public punishment of several negroes'' (1811), by Thomas John Cottle, son-in-law of Edward Huggins.
Family
Tobin married Jane Mallet or Mullett (1784–1837) in 1807. She was the daughter of Thomas Mullett (1745–1814), a Bristol stationer connected by marriage to Caleb Evans, a Particular Baptist minister in Bristol. They had at least four children, including the eldest son John James, born 1808/9, the friend of Humphry Davy.
After her husband's death, Jane Tobin and her family returned to England.
Notes
1767 births
1814 deaths
English abolitionists
Kiler (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kilersky Selsoviet, Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 395 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Kiler is located 6 km south of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kerimkhanar and Gandurar are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
George "Duke" Benz (September 6, 1917 – June 23, 2007) was an American football coach. He served as the head football coach at Hartwick College in Oneonta, New York from 1949 to 1950 and at Norwich University in Norwich, Vermont from 1951 to 1954, compiling a record of 19–28–1.
References
1917 births
2007 deaths
Hartwick Hawks football coaches
Norwich Cadets athletic directors
Norwich Cadets football coaches
Sportspeople from the Bronx
The Supreme Court (, lit. Highest Court, , ) is the supreme court and the third and final instance in all civil and criminal cases in the Kingdom of Denmark. It is based at Christiansborg Palace in Copenhagen which also houses the Danish Parliament and the Prime Minister's office.
History
The Supreme Court was founded on 14 February 1661 by King Frederik III as a replacement of King Christian IV's King's Court (da. Kongens Retterting). It was based at first Copenhagen Castle later Christiansborg Palace, which was built in its place on the same site at Slotsholmen, and originally consisted of 30 justices. From its foundation and until the adoption of the Constitution of 1849, the court was formally an instrument of the king, only deciding cases by a majority vote in the king's absence, most kings only attended the first meeting each supreme court year. An office as justitiarius to lead the court was instituted as early as 1674 (from 1919 with title of President). As absolute monarch the king retained the inherent power to overrule the court, which happened on one occasion. Aside from this the court routinely exercised the power to commute criminal sentences, a power that was written into the constitution of 1849.
After the 1794 Fire of the Christiansborg Palace, the Supreme Court moved first to the Prince's Mansion (da. Prinsens Palæ) until 1854, now housing the National Museum of Denmark, and then to one of the four mansions of Amalienborg Palace (1854–1864), before moving back to Slotsholmen. After the fire of the second Christianborg Palace in 1884 the Supreme Court had to move once again and was based at Bernstorffs Palæ in Bredgade until 1919 when it could move back to the present Christiansborg Palace.
Since a rule change in 2007, the court have had a greater focus on test cases that establish precedent.
Function
The Supreme Court functions as a civil and criminal appellate court for cases from the subordinate courts. Since a decision cannot normally be appealed more than once, County Court cases rarely reach Supreme Court-level, though this may be the case if the independent Board of Appeals grants a leave of appeal.
Significant civil cases with issues of principle, however, are typically deferred to one of the two Danish High Courts as courts of first instance. In those cases sentences from the Eastern or Western High Courts (Østre Landsret and Vestre Landsret) may be directly appealed to The Supreme Court.
As its name indicates, the Supreme Court is the highest Court in the Kingdom of Denmark and its judgments cannot be appealed to another Danish court. It is split into two chambers which both hear all types of cases. A case is heard by at least five judges. In all, the court consists of normally 15 judges and a President.
Unlike criminal cases in the lower courts, the Supreme Court does not deal with the issue of guilt. However, the basis on which the lower court reached its verdict may be brought into consideration and edited. In criminal trials by jury in the first instance, the defence may appeal on grounds of judicial error regarding the judges' direction to the jury (the summing-up of the theoretical foundations, which should be taken into consideration when the jurors deliberate).
Current members
There are 19 judges in the Supreme Court. One of the Supreme Court justices is president of the Supreme Court, appointed by the other judges. A judge is the chairman of the Appeals Permission Board and currently a judge is on leave to serve as a judge of the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg.
The Judges of the Supreme Court, like other judges, are appointed by the Minister of Justice on the recommendation of the Independent Board of Judges.
Judges shall be retired at the end of the month in which they reach the age of 70, as according to section 5 of the Civil Service Act.
See also
Courts of Denmark
References
External links
Source
Denmark
1661 establishments in Denmark
Courts and tribunals established in 1661
Heda Festini (4 November 1928 – 18 July 2018) was a Croatian philosopher who specialized in analytic philosophy and the history of Croatian philosophy.
Academic career
Festini was born in Osijek. She graduated from the University of Zagreb in 1952 and received her Ph.D. in 1965. She was a professor of philosophy at the University of Zadar where she taught theoretical philosophy, logic and methodology (1967–92). She is the author of books on Ludwig Wittgenstein, Nicola Abbagnano, Antun Petrić and Juraj Politeo, as well as numerous articles on the philosophy of language, philosophy of science and the history of philosophy. She is also translator of works by Nicola Abbagnano and John Dewey into Croatian. Since 2013, she has been writing political commentaries for the portal alter.
Personal life
She has two grandchildren, Berislav Marušić and Sanja Dembić, who are both philosophers.
Selected bibliography
Filozofija pozitivnog egzistencijalizma Nicole Abbagnana, 1967.
Život i djelo Splićanina Jurja Politea. Zagreb: Liber, 1977.
Antun Petrić, filozof iz Komiže. Split: Književni krug, 1992.
Uvod u čitanje Ludwiga Wittgensteina. Zagreb: Hrvatsko Filozofsko Društvo, 1992.
Translations
Nicola Abbagnano, Mogućnost i sloboda. Beograd: Nolit, 1967. (Translation of "Possibilità e Libertà", from Italian into Croatian)
John Dewey, Liberalizam i društvena akcija. Zagreb: Kruzak, 2004. (Translation of "Liberalism and Social Action", from English into Croatian)
See also
List of Croatian philosophers
References
1928 births
2018 deaths
Croatian philosophers
People from Osijek
University of Zadar faculty
Croatian women philosophers
Abelardo Lafuente Garcia-Rojo (30 April 1871 in Fuentidueña de Tajo – 1931 in Shanghai) was a Spanish architect and entrepreneur who had his own studio in colonial Shanghai. Between 1913 and 1931 he was the only Spaniard to have an architect studio registered in the city; Lafuente collaborated with several contemporary architects. Lafuente blended the mozarab and moorish styles from Spain into Chinese architecture. In 2009, the Spanish architect Alvaro Leonardo Perez established the Lafuente Research Project. The findings of this project were first presented at the Shanghai World Expo in 2010 in collaboration with the Instituto Cervantes. The Lafuente Research Project is ongoing.
History
Lafuente's professional career began in Manila. His studio was named A. Lafuente Architect & Contractor. In 1913 Lafuente moved to Shanghai where he opened a new studio named A. Lafuente Garcia-Rojo, Architect & Contractor. Later, Lafuente joined American architect G. O. Wootten to form the Lafuente & Wootten studio. The two architects worked together for several years, their most notable work being the ballroom at the Astor House Hotel, built in 1917. After this period he maintained the studio on his own and called it A. Lafuente Gª Rojo Architect. Afterwards he partnered with Russian architect A. J. Yaron, changing the studio's name once again to Lafuente & Yaron.
For the better part of the following 10 years Lafuente worked for the biggest hotel company in Asia at the time: the Hong Kong and Shanghai Hotels Ltd., rehabilitating and refurbishing their buildings. His most important work during this project was the Majestic Hotel (1924) where he designed its new ballroom (the most luxurious in Asia at that time). Some of his other projects included churches, mosques, private villas, apartment buildings, movie theaters, private clubs, and hospitals, among others.
His reputation in the Spanish colony is described in the book by Vicente Blasco Ibanez La vuelta al mundo de un novelista. Spanish entrepreneur Antonio Ramos was his most important influence during his time in China and his most outstanding client. Ramos brought motion pictures to China. Lafuente was commissioned to build some of Ramos' most important cinemas.
Lafuente also worked in North America. In Los Angeles and in Tijuana he built houses. During 1927–1930, Lafuente maintained operations in Shanghai while he developed his business in California and Mexico. At the end of this period, after being significantly affected by the Crash of 1929, he decided to return to Shanghai and undertake more projects there. He died in Shanghai at the Shanghai General Hospital in 1931, aged 60.
References
1871 births
Spanish businesspeople
Spanish architects
1931 deaths
The N. B. Borden School is a historic school building at 43 Morgan Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It is a three-story red brick building with a mansard roof pierced by shed-roof dormers, and brownstone beltcourses above each level. It was built in 1867–68, during a period of growth in the city, and was used for many years as a vocational training school. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Also known as the Morgan Street School, it was named for Nathaniel B. Borden, who was the owner of the Pocasset Mills, as well as a former mayor, state representative and U.S. Representative. Borden died in 1865, and the school was named after him on its founding in 1867.
The Morgan Street School was the oldest operating school in the city when it closed in 2007. Students were transferred to the new Carlton M. Viveiros Elementary School.
In 2012, Keven Santos, co-owner of T.A. Restaurant purchased the school from the city for $5,000 with the promise to convert the school to market rate housing. The city had turned down other, more well established developers who also bid for the property in favor of Santos.
After many years and no progress made on the school, Santos made the decision to demolish the school instead of developing into apartments in 2019. The Preservation Society of Fall River investigated and asked the Historical Commission to place a 6-month delay on the demolition. The biggest point of contention was a missing purchase & sales agreement between Santos and the city. The city was unable to find their copy of the agreement.
As of August 5th, 2021, the Nathaniel B. Borden School has been demolished after a long battle between the private owner, the local non-profit Preservation Society and the city's Historical Commission. The owner plans to convert the site to a surface parking lot for customers of their restaurant around the corner on South Main Street.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Schools in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Defunct schools in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
1867 establishments in Massachusetts
Furjanići is a village near Ozalj, Karlovac County, Croatia.
Location
It is situated 20 km from Karlovac and 6 km northwest of Ozalj, on the left bank of the river Kupa.
Historical population
References
Populated places in Karlovac County
Gianluca Gaudenzi (born 28 December 1965 in Riccione) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player, who played as a midfielder.
Career
After playing for plethora Italian clubs in the lower divisions, he made his Serie A debut with Verona in 1989, and later moved to Milan in 1990, where he won the UEFA Super Cup and the Intercontinental Cup during his only season with the club, under manager Arrigo Sacchi. He transferred to Serie A side Cagliari in 1991, where he remained until 1993. He subsequently played for several more Italian clubs in the lower divisions, until his retirement in 1999.
He began his coaching career with Serie D side Fano in 2001, but as of 2011, has remained inactive after being fired from Fano during the 2011–12 Lega Pro season.
Honours
Player
Milan
UEFA Super Cup winner: 1990.
Intercontinental Cup winner: 1990.
References
External links
Player career profile and statistics
1965 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Rimini F.C. 1912 players
Brescia Calcio players
A.C. Ancona players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
A.C. Monza players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
A.C. Milan players
Cagliari Calcio players
S.S.D. Lucchese 1905 players
Modena F.C. players
A.C. Cesena players
Italian football managers
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 managers
A.S.D. Calcio Ivrea managers
Association football midfielders
F.C. Pro Vercelli 1892 managers
The Mahavavy-Kinkony Reserve is a protected area consisting principally of dry deciduous forest and wetlands in the western part of Madagascar.
It owes its name to the Mahavavy River and Lake Kinkony. Nine primate species, 30 fish species, 37 herpetofaunes species, 133 bird species have been recorded on the wildlife diversity. The Mahavavy-Kinkony Complex IBA, a 300,000-ha landscape including coastal and freshwater wetlands and forests (mangrove and dryland) in Madagascar, including Lake Kinkony Ramsar site and the Mahavavy River Delta, is important to local people for fishing, hunting and agriculture and is home to a large number of threatened wildlife species.
See also
National parks of Madagascar
References
External links
Protected areas of Madagascar
Geography of Madagascar
Mahajanga Province
Protected areas established in 2007
Boeny
Töpen is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany.
History
Between 1945 and 1966 Töpen served as West German inner German border crossing for cars travelling between the Soviet Zone of occupation in Germany (till 1949, thereafter the East German Democratic Republic), or West Berlin and the American zone of occupation (till 1949) and thereafter the West German Federal Republic of Germany. The traffic was subject to the Interzonal traffic regulations, that between West Germany and West Berlin followed the special regulations of the Transit Agreement (1972). In 1966 the border crossing was closed in favour of a new crossing in Rudolphstein, a component of Berg in Upper Franconia.
See also
Mödlareuth
References
External links
Hof (district)
Inner German border
This is a list of armoured trains of different countries.
Canada
The No. 1 Armoured Train
During World War II, the Canadian high command implemented this armoured train for protection of the Canadian National Railway line between Prince Rupert, an important naval port for the Aleutian Island campaign, and Terrace, from potential attack by Japanese aircraft, submarines/gunboats, and infantry. The train eventually was composed of a gondola with a WWI-era 75mm gun and searchlight, a gondola with two 40mm Bofors anti-aircraft guns, a troop boxcar, a kitchen car, and a steam locomotive, with all the cars outfitted with armour. A diesel engine was also experimentally outfitted with armoured plate but by the time it was finished, the train had been taken out of service as the Japanese threat was no longer an issue.
Croatia
Croatian Armored Train
Croatian Army possesses one armoured train which mounted French Hotchkiss H38 turrets.
Cuba
Battle of Santa Clara (1958)
Tren Blindado - (armored train) - The train belonged to General Fulgencio Batista and was captured by Che Guevara.
Estonia
Estonian War of Independence (1918-1920)
Broad-gauge:
Broad-gauge armoured train nr. 1 "Kapten Irw”
Broad-gauge armoured train nr. 2
Broad-gauge armoured train nr. 3
Broad-gauge armoured train nr. 4
Broad-gauge armoured train nr. 5
Broad-gauge armoured train nr. 6
Narrow-gauge:
Narrow-gauge armoured train nr. 1
Narrow-gauge armoured train nr. 2
Narrow-gauge armoured train nr. 3
Narrow-gauge armoured train nr. 4
Finland
1918
A handful of armored trains were in use by both parties during Finnish Civil War (1918), including trains supplied to the Reds by the Russian Bolshevik government.
1939-1940, 1941-1944
Finnish Army employed two armored trains in limited use even during the Winter War and Continuation War (WWII), at the later stages mainly for AA support. One train composed of surviving cars of Civil War and WWII vintage is now an exhibit at Parola Tank Museum.
Armored train at Parola Tank Museum
France
First Indochina War (1946-1954)
La Rafale, two trains blindés ("TB", armoured trains) were used by the 2e Etranger (French Foreign Legion) from 1948 to 1954 in French Indochina (Vietnam and Cambodia).
(Nazi) Germany
Asien - a VIP trainset used by Hermann Goering had two cars armed with two sets of Oerlikon anti-aircraft cannons.
Schwerer gustav - a massive 1,350 ton artillery train. it had 80cm 7,100 kg with 250 kg explosive filling (concrete piercing); or 4,800 kg with 700 kg explosive filling (high explosive.) it served in the war in France in 1941. it was destroyed before capture on D-day.
Hungary
1939-1945
101. sz. páncélvonat - high train:
machine-gun wagon ( 1 x 36M 37mm AT gun, 1 x 36M 20mm AP gun, 4 x 31M 8mm machine gun)
MÁV 377 locomotive
casemate-wagon (1 x 18M 8 cm field gun, 1 x 36M 20mm AP gun, 2 x 31M 8mm machine gun)
102. sz. páncélvonat - flat train:
machinegun wagon ( 1 x 36M 37mm AT gun, 1 x 36M 20mm heavy gun, 4 x 31M 8mm machine gun)
MÁV 377 locomotive
artillery wagon (1 x 22M 8 cm field gun, 1 x 36M 20mm AP gun, 2 x 31M 8mm machine gun)
103. sz. páncélvonat - high train:
machine-gun wagon ( 1 x 36M 37mm AT gun, 1 x 36M 20mm AP gun, 4 x 31M 8mm machine gun)
MÁV 377 locomotive
casemate-wagon (1 x 22M 8 cm field gun, 1 x 36M 20mm AP gun, 2 x 31M 8mm machine gun)
104. sz. páncélvonat - self-propelled, motor-driven train ( 1 x 36M 20mm AP gun, 1 x 22M 8 cm field gun, 2 x 31M 8mm machine gun)
"Éva" - improvised armoured train, later renamed to "Botond" [1]
Indonesia
Panser Rel V16
The debut of the Panser Rel V16 (English: Rail Panzer V16) was during the DI/TII conflict in West Java in the period 1955 – 1962, designed and produced by Bengkel Peralatan Angkatan Darat (English: Army Equipment Workshop) now PT Pindad. This Rail Panzer was used to escort the train from Ciawi to Cicalengka (PP) which was often disturbed and overthrown by DI/TII Troops. Panser Rel V16 is capable of traveling at a maximum speed of 80 km per hour.
Iraq
Iraqi Armored Train
During the Anglo-Iraqi War the British reported capturing an Iraqi armoured train near Basra in May 1941.
Japan (for use in Manchukuo)
Armoured vehicles and auxiliary support vehicles
Type K2 Steam Locomotive No.134
Type C56 Steam Locomotive No.31
Type 91 Broad-gauge Railroad Tractor (So-Mo)
Type 95 Armoured Railroad Car (So-Ki)
Type 98 Railroad Tractor
Type 100 Railroad Tractor
Type 2598 Railroad Car
Railroad Construction Vehicle
Railway Heavy Cannon
Type 90 240 mm Railway Cannon (Futtsu Cannon)
Generator Waggon for Type 90 240 mm Railway Cannon
Armoured trains
Type 94 Armoured Train was built in 1934 and was deployed in Manchuria. It first operated with 8 cars and later an additional car was added. For armament, it had to Type 14 10 cm AA guns and two Type 88 75 mm AA guns.
Special Armoured Train
An armoured train built in 1933 was designated "Rinji Soko Ressha" (Special Armored Train). It had 12 cars and armament consisting of one Type 14 10 cm AA gun, one Type 4 15 cm howitzer and two Type 11 AA guns. It was deployed in Manchuria with the 2nd Armored Train Unit.
Other types of Japanese Armoured trains
Improvised Armoured Train
In the 1920s, the Japanese built some improvised armoured trains converted from regular passenger trains. They were used to guard the railways in Manchuria.
Lithuania
Armuored trains:
Half-armoured train "Gediminas". It was formed on 25 August 1920 and was manned by a crew of 69. The train was armed with 4-6 French 75 mm Schneider field canons, 2 German 105 mm fieldhowitzer, arranged on open platforms, it had 2 armoured cars armed with 4-16 German 7,92 mm Maxim 08/15 machine guns. Part of the train was taken over by Poles during false flag operation of Żeligowski's Mutiny and made into Polish armoured train "Jan Kiliński". Part of the train, which stayed in Lithuanian army, was updated and served until decommissioning in 1935.
Armuored train "Kęstutis", formed in 1921, decommissioned in 1927.
Armoured train "Algirdas", formed in 1921, decommissioned in 1924.
Poland
Before regaining independence in 1918
Dywizja Syberyjska (Siberian Division) had 3 armoured trains: Warszawa, Kraków and Poznań, and captured a fourth: Poznań II
10 February-10 May1918 improvised armoured train of Związek Broni.
Battle of Lwów (1918)
Kozak
Piłsudczyk
PP 3
Gromobój
Pionier
Polish-Soviet War
Names of fifty trains have been confirmed, but it is hard to be sure the exact number that remain to be found. Near the end of the war, on December 1, 1920, twenty-six trains formed the part of the armoured train Polish forces:
nr 1 Piłsudczyk
nr 2 Śmiały
nr 3 Lis-Kula
nr 4 Hallerczyk
nr 5 Stefan Batory
nr 6 Generał Iwaszkiewicz
nr 7 Chrobry
nr 8 Wilk
nr 9 Danuta
nr 10 Pionier
nr 11 Poznańczyk
nr 12 Kaniów
nr 13 Zawisza Czarny
nr 14 Zagończyk
nr 15 Paderewski
nr 16 Mściciel
nr 17 Reduta Ordona
nr 18 Huragan
nr 19 Podhalanin
nr 20 Bartosz Głowacki
nr 21 Pierwszy Marszałek
nr 22 Groźny
nr 23 Śmierć
nr 24 Śmigły
nr 25 Stefan Czarniecki
nr 26 Generał Sosnkowski
Other:
Gromobój
Rozwadowczyk
Saper
Smok
Śmiały-szeroki – disbanded on 2 April 1920
Lost in 1920:
Boruciątko
Boruta – 25 July at Kuźnica
Dąbrowski – 5 July at Równe
Generał Dowbór – 6 June at Wczerajsze
Generał Konarzewski – 9 July at Bobrujsk
Generał Listowski – 2 August at Terespol
Generał Sikorski – 26 June Słowieczne
Piłsudczyk szeroki – 19 July at Baranowicze
Pionier-szeroki – 17 June
In mid-1921, twelve trains were disbanded, and others were standardized. The twelve were retained and formed six divisions (dywizjon), which were attached to three regiments (pułks) of train sappers:
nr 1 Piłsudczyk
nr 2 Śmigły
nr 3 Pierwszy Marszałek
nr 4 Groźny
nr 5 Danuta
nr 6 Zagończyk
nr 7 Paderewski
nr 8 Śmierć
nr 9 Poznańczyk
nr 10 Bartosz Głowacki
nr 11 Stefan Czarniecki
nr 12 Generał Sosnkowski
In 1924 those divisions were disbanded, and their equipment deposited in mobilisation reserve stores. For training purposes a training division was created (attached to the 2nd Regiment of Train Sappers in Jabłonno). This division retained two trains:
Danuta
Generał Sosnkowski
In January 1925 this division was renamed 'Armoured Train Division'.
Third Silesian Uprising (1921)
June 1921:
1 dywizjon
nr 1 Korfanty
nr 2 Nowina-Doliwa
2 dywizjon
nr 3 Piorun
nr 4 Naprzód
3 dywizjon
nr 5 Powstaniec
nr 6 Ślązak
4 dywizjon
nr 7 Bajończyk
nr 8 Górnik
5 dywizjon
nr 9 Lubieniec
nr 10 Ludyga
6 dywizjon
nr 12 Pantera
nr 13 Nowak (Nowak II)
7 dywizjon
nr 14 Zygmunt Powstaniec
nr 15 Tadek Ślązak
8 dywizjon
nr 11 Lew
nr 16 Testart (Piast)
Other:
Kabicz – narrow track
Ułan
September 1939
nr 11 Danuta (commander – kpt. Bolesław Korobowicz)
nr 12 Poznańczyk (commander – kpt. Kazimierz Majewski)
nr 13 Generał Sosnkowski (commander – kpt. Stanisław Młodzianowski)
nr 14 Paderewski (commander – kpt. Jerzy Żelechowski)
nr 15 Śmierć (commander – kpt. Kazimierz Kubaszewski)
nr 51 Pierwszy Marszałek (commander – kpt. Leon Cymborski)
nr 52 Piłsudczyk (commander – kpt. Mikołaj Gonczar)
nr 53 Śmiały (commander – kpt. Mieczysław Malinowski)
nr 54 Groźny (commander – kpt. Jan Rybczyński)
nr 55 Bartosz Głowacki (commander – kpt. Andrzej Podgórski)
Training armoured trains:
Zagończyk
Stefan Czarniecki
Improvised armoured trains:
Two of Coast Defence Command (Dowództo Obrony Wybrzeża):
? (commander – por. Z. Budzyński)
Smok Kaszubski (commander – kpt. mar. Jerzy Tadeusz Błeszyński, and after he got wounded, por. F. Hubicki)
Two of Warsaw Defence Command (Dowództwo Obrony Warszawy):
nr 1
nr 2
Polish armoured trains in the United Kingdom (1940-1943)
I dywizjon – trains: C, G, E
II dywizjon – trains: A, D, F
III dywizjon – trains: B, M, H
IV dywizjon – trains: Nr 10, 11, 12 renamed in 1941 to K, L, J
Armoured trains of Railway Defence Service (Służba Ochrony Kolei, SOK) after 1945
nr 1 Szczecin
nr 2 Grom
nr 3 Huragan
nr 4 Błyskawica
Retired from service after 1950.
Train artillery
On the basis of German armoured train in 1947 a train artillery division DAKOL was formed.
Surviving units
armoured wagon (likely from nr 11 Poznańczyk) in Poznań
heavy armoured handcar PT16 (Panzertriebwagen 16) in Muzeum Kolejnictwa w Warszawie.
Republika Srpska Krajina
Krajina express
The Serb army of Krajina used an armoured train with M-18 and a AA cannon M-55 20/3mm
Russia
Zaamurets (also known as Orlík, BP-4, Lenin and Train No. 105 at various points during its operational career)
Khunkhuz
General Annenkov
Yenisei
Slovakia
Štefánik
Hurban
Masaryk
United Kingdom
World War II
13 armoured trains were formed in June 1940 for coastal defence. They were typically formed by a small locomotive between two armoured wagons, usually small steel coal wagons with extra armour, and other wagons carrying ammunition. Each armoured wagon carried a mounted QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss gun and a Vickers machine gun or Lewis Gun. The infantry section on each wagon was also armed with a variety of small arms including Bren light machine guns, Thompson submachine guns and Lee–Enfield rifles. With the threat of invasion over, armoured trains were disbanded in November 1944.
The trains were initially operated by Royal Engineers crews and armoured wagons were manned by Royal Armoured Corps troops. From late 1940 until 1942 they were operated by railway company crews and armoured wagons were manned by troops of the Polish Armed Forces in the West. From 1942 they were operated by Home Guard units, composed of employees of the railway companies, until they were disbanded in November 1944.
The narrow gauge Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway also had a miniature armoured train. Due to its small size it could not carry Hotchkiss guns and instead carried two Boys anti-tank rifles and four Lewis guns. It was manned by the 6th Battalion, Somerset Light Infantry and credited with shooting down a Messerschmitt Bf 109, a Heinkel He 111 and a Dornier Do 17.
Royal Train
Armoured saloons were constructed by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway for King George VI and his wife Queen Elizabeth in 1941.
Battle of Malaya
In Malaya in 1942, an armoured train was part of Operation Krohcol, the British advance into Siam to resist the Japanese attack.
United States
At least one armored diesel locomotive was built by Alco as #10001 for use during the First World War. However, with the Armistice 14 days away when it was ready, it never left the country.
While not a train intended for fighting, between 1957 and 1987 the United States Department of Energy operated the armored "White Train" carrying nuclear warheads between the Pantex Plant near Amarillo, Texas and various nuclear weapons storage facilities and US Navy submarine bases in the United States. The train consisted of flat cars with armored covers built by Thrall Car Manufacturing Company in 1957 and 1960, armored guard escort cars rebuilt from US Army hospital train kitchen cars that had been built by the St. Louis Car Company in 1953, plus power, support and buffer cars. Locomotives were supplied by the carrying railroad, commonly the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe or Burlington Northern. The armored escort cars had elevated observation cupolas with gun ports and carried armed security couriers from the Office of Secure Transportation. Each train was assigned two or three armored escort cars. The train's cars were initially painted white, but individual cars were subsequently repainted into different colors to make them less conspicuous and frustrate anti-war demonstrators, who began tracking the train in order to blockade its progress, however it continued to be known as the White Train. The train was withdrawn from service in 1987, replaced by highway vehicles and newer rail cars that could be marshalled into any freight train. Some of the White Train cars are preserved at the Amarillo Railroad Museum, while a few others are preserved at the Pantex Plant.
References
Lists of weapons
!
Trains
Rail transport-related lists
Trains
Norwich engine shed was located in Norwich, England and was opened in 1843. It closed in 1982 and was replaced by a new modern facility at Crown Point.
Early history
Norwich engine shed was adjacent to the station on the south side of the line. It was established in 1843 by the Yarmouth and Norwich Railway and was built and designed by William Marshall. By 1845 the shed was the centre of locomotive maintenance for the Norfolk Railway.
By 1848 the site was under the auspices of the Eastern Counties Railway who further developed the site.
The main shed consisted of four through roads one of which dealt with everyday repairs and an adjacent site that dealt with more serious repairs.
Great Eastern Railway
In 1914 the District Locomotive Superintendent was responsible for the shed which at this point employed 260 footplate staff with a further 50 at the various out stations such as Cromer, Mundesley, Sheringham, Dereham, Foulsham and Forncett. The DLS had a running shed foreman and two other foremen who looked after the sheds at Lowestoft and Yarmouth. In addition to the footplate staff there were 120 fitting staff who were under the control of another foreman. These staff were actually located in the adjacent "factory" building where the major repairs were carried out.
Like many GER engine sheds a lot of facilities were very basic. Ash (a waste product from the engines) was dropped directly into an area known as the old yard where it was then shovelled into wagons. In the early days coal was unloaded from wagons onto a wooden stage and then loaded manually into the locomotive's tender. It was not until 1915 that the GER supplied a shelter for this work to be carried out but it was not until the 1930s that a mechanised coal plant was supplied.
At the end of 1922 the shed at Norwich had an allocation of 119 locomotives being the fourth biggest shed on the Great Eastern behind Stratford (555) Cambridge (178) and Ipswich (131) sheds. The allocation consisted of:
London and North Eastern Railway
Following the grouping Act of 1922 the LNER became responsible for the operation of the shed on 1 January 1923.
A March 1936 LNER Locomotive Committee report notes that there were two turntables at Norwich - one a 55-foot diameter example located at the south end of the shed (by Carrow Road) and the other with a diameter of 49 feet 8 inches being located close to Thorpe station. The report recommended replacement of one of these with a 70-foot turntable and also noted the shed was used by 300 engines each week in summer and 210 in winter.
This bigger turntable was ordered in 1936 and fitted at the Carrow Road site.
Modernization of the facilities in the 1930s saw rationalisation of the works site and general (heavy) repairs ceased in 1934. The facilities of the old factory were still utilised by the engine shed for a number of years however.
British Railways 1948-1982
The service was coded 32A under British Railways this code being used to indicate which locomotives were allocated there.
A plan of the shed in the 1950s shows:
Fitting Shop
Smith and Machine shop
Engine Rapair shop
Timber Yard/Store
Water Softening Plant
Stores
Administrative Offices
During the final years of steam, responsibility for the operation of the shed fell to shedmaster Bill Harvey. The shed enjoyed a good reputation for its work on steam locomotives at this time.
When diesel operation started a fuelling point was established on the east side of the line adjacent to Carrow Road bridge (which spans the station throat).
In 1973 the TOPS computer system Norwich's depot code changed to NO then later to NR.
In mid 1975 the DMU allocation at Norwich consisted of Cravens Class 105 two-car units, Gloucester RCW two car units and Metropolitan Cammell two-car and three-car units. The shunter allocation at this time was still exclusively British Rail Class 03.
Before closure Norwich was home to a fleet of Class 03 and Class 08 shunters as well as the local DMU fleet which covered the local services and included examples of Class 105 Cravens Units and Class 101 Metropolitan Cammell units.
See also
Norwich railway station
Crown Point TMD
References
Notes
Transport in Norwich
Railway depots in England
Great Eastern Railway
London and North Eastern Railway
Rail transport in Norfolk
Buildings and structures in Norwich
This page lists board and card games, wargames, miniatures games, and tabletop role-playing games published in 2018. For video games, see 2018 in video gaming.
Games released or invented in 2018
The Binding of Isaac: Four Souls
The Devil's Level card game
Dominaria (a Magic the Gathering set)
Everdell
Heroes of Land, Air & Sea
Just One
KeyForge
The Quacks of Quedlinburg
Rising Sun
Root
Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition
Take the Galaxy
Game awards given in 2018
Lisboa won the Spiel Portugal Jogo do Ano.
Significant games-related events in 2018
Deaths
See also
List of game manufacturers
2018 in video gaming
References
Games
Games by year
Julián Ganzábal (born 25 August 1946) is a former professional tennis player from Argentina.
Biography
Ganzábal first played Davis Cup tennis for Argentina in 1967.
He defeated two-time Grand Slam winner Fred Stolle at Gstaad in 1969, but didn't go deep into a Grand Prix tournament until 1972 when he reached the semifinals at home in Buenos Aires. Further semifinals came at Florence in 1974 and Berlin in 1976. As a doubles player he partnered with Davis Cup teammate Lito Álvarez to finish runner-up at Hilversum in 1974. They were beaten in the final by the Argentine pair of Tito Vázquez and Guillermo Vilas.
At his best on clay, Ganzábal reached the third round of the 1976 French Open, his best performance in a Grand Slam tournament. Soon after the French Open, he reached his highest career ranking of 68 in the world.
Ganzábal ended his Davis Cup career in 1975 after 13 ties for his country. He finished with a 16-9 record overall, which included 14 singles wins.
Following retirement, he trained his younger brother Alejandro Ganzábal, who was also a professional tennis player. The brothers became major investors in Argentina's real estate industry.
Grand Prix career finals
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
See also
List of Argentina Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Argentine male tennis players
Tennis players from Buenos Aires
Argentine businesspeople
Gabriel Palmeros Valadéz (born December 2, 1977 in Puebla, Puebla) is a former Mexican football (soccer) defender. He played for Santos Laguna (2001–2005) and Jaguares de Chiapas (2005–2007).
Career
Born in Puebla, Puebla, Palmeros' family moved to Comarca Lagunera when he was very young. He began playing football with local side Santos Laguna, where he would make his Liga MX debut.
References
1977 births
Living people
Mexican footballers
Santos Laguna footballers
Association football defenders
People from Puebla (city)
Chiapas F.C. footballers
Paul Modrowski (born November 30, 1974) is an autistic, Polish-American man serving a life sentence for the murder of Dean Fawcett. From 2009 to 2015 Modrowski produced a prison blog titled "Paul Modrowski- On the Inside", which was featured in a four-part series of episodes of the Reply All podcast in 2016.
Background
In late 1992, Modrowski had a falling out with his father and moved in with Robert Faraci and his then-wife Rose. Faraci, Modrowski, Fawcett and a few others allegedly took part in a check kiting scheme, where they bounced checks against an account that had been opened with a minimal deposit. Faraci had a lengthy prior criminal record, which included prison time for charges of forgery and drug use.
On January 18, 1993, a woman and her daughter discovered a human body missing its head, left arm and right hand, along the railroad tracks in Barrington, Illinois. Through a note found in the victim's clothing containing two phone numbers, the corpse was identified as Dean Fawcett, who had gone missing in late December 1992 and Modrowski and Faraci were identified as suspects.
A few days before Fawcett's body was discovered, Modrowski and the Faracis had relocated to Clearwater, Florida; where they resided for two months, before returning to Illinois in March 1993. At this point, Modrowski ceased living with the Faracis and began residing with his grandparents in Southwestern Chicago, up until his arrest. On April 22, 1993, Robert Faraci was arrested for the murder of Dean Fawcett. Afterwards Faraci and his then-wife alleged Modrowski committed the crime. They also named Modrowski as the perpetrator in the nearby Brown's Chicken massacre, which had occurred on January 8, 1993.
Modrowski was arrested on an unrelated burglary charge on April 28, 1993, and, after being interrogated by police, was charged as a second suspect in the Dean Fawcett murder.
It was initially alleged that Modrowski was also responsible for the Brown's Chicken massacre, due to the proximity, timing and brutal nature of the two crimes. Although Modrowski was never charged in the Brown's Chicken murders, he remained a prime suspect, until the arrest of Juan Luna and James Degorski in 2002.
Murder of Dean Fawcett
Faraci and Modrowski were both tried for the murder of Dean Fawcett by two separate juries. The prosecution argued that the three men were involved in a check writing scheme and that Fawcett was murdered on the night of December 28, 1992, after threatening to come forward to police. It is believed that Fawcett was shot in the head, then his body was dismembered in an effort to prevent identification - Fawcett's head and missing limbs were never located. Both men were tried for the murder. Officer John Robertson testified that Modrowski confessed to lending Faraci his car to carry out the murder. Modrowski denies this in his blog. Modrowski says that he was at the home of his sister the night Fawcett was murdered.
Modrowski also claims that his defense attorney William Von Hoene refused to dispute Robertson's testimony and did not allow any witnesses to testify on his behalf (including Modrowski's sister who reports that Modrowski was with her the night of the murder). Van Hoene also did not reveal Modrowski's diagnosis of autism to the jury. Modrowski has made allegations that this led jury members to mistake his awkward body language, lack of eye contact and aloofness as lack of remorse and proven guilt. Rose Faraci admitted in court to lying to authorities in an attempt to direct blame away from her then-husband and towards Modrowkski and a friend.
Modrowski and Faraci were tried at the same time in one courtroom. Each defendant had his own separate jury and each jury was brought in and out of the courtroom based on the testimony that would be presented. The jury hearing the case against Faraci found him not guilty. Two days later, Modrowski's jury found Modrowski guilty of murder, determining that his statements to police proved his accountability. On April 27, 1995, Modrowski was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole by Associate Cook County Judge Sam Amirante, who told Modrowski, "I am going to give you the same hope that you gave to (Fawcett): no hope. ... You deserve the term of natural life in prison."
Prison blog
From 2009 to 2015, Modrowski produced a blog from prison. Modrowski, having not experienced the internet, would mail written letters to his mother, which she would then transcribe for the blog. In 2015, it was shut down due to disagreements with his mother on the changes made, particularly over religious disputes; Modrowski considered himself an atheist, which she refused to acknowledge and directly omitted from any of his writings.
Appeals
Following his 1995 conviction, Modrowski exhausted all of his regular set of appeals without success. His appeals were filed without supporting documents or affidavits and his final appeal to the highest supreme court was filed one day late.
After exhausting his regular set of appeals, Modrowski filed five unsuccessful clemency petitions to the Governor of Illinois. He recently submitted his sixth clemency petition and is also seeking out a post-conviction appeal through legal counsel and the University of Illinois Innocence Project, in which he requests to have his DNA tested.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
American murderers
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Place of birth missing (living people)
Arčoni () is a settlement that is part of Renče in western Slovenia in the municipality of Renče-Vogrsko.
References
External links
Arčoni on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Renče-Vogrsko
The United States government has detained or interned immigrants on military bases on several occasions, including as part of internment of Japanese Americans, of Italian Americans and of German Americans during World War II. In the 2010s, military bases have been used to house unaccompanied asylum seekers from Central America.
World War II internment
These camps held detainees of Japanese, German and Italian descent:
Fort McDowell/Angel Island, California
Camp Blanding, Florida
Camp Forrest, Tennessee
Camp Livingston, Louisiana
Camp Lordsburg, New Mexico
Camp McCoy, Wisconsin
Florence, Arizona
Fort Bliss, New Mexico and Texas
Fort Howard, Maryland
Fort Lewis, Washington
Fort Meade, Maryland
Fort Richardson, Alaska
Fort Sam Houston, Texas
Fort Sill, Oklahoma
Griffith Park, California
Honouliuli Internment Camp, Hawaiʻi
Sand Island, Hawaiʻi
Stringtown, Oklahoma
Central American migrants under Obama
As part of the 2014 American immigration crisis, tens of thousands of arriving migrants were detained by the United States. From May to August 2014, the Department of Defense operated temporary detention facilities housing as many as 7,700 unaccompanied children mostly from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. The children were held at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland in Texas, Fort Sill Army Base in Oklahoma and Naval Base Ventura County-Port Hueneme in California.
Central American migrants under Trump
Amid the Trump administration family separation policy, the Department of Health and Human Services began discussing detaining arriving immigrant families and children on military facilities. Executive Order 13841, signed on June 20, 2018, instructs that, "The Secretary of Defense shall take all legally available measures to provide to the Secretary, upon request, any existing facilities available for the housing and care of alien families, and shall construct such facilities if necessary and consistent with law." On June 21, the Department of Health and Human Services requested facilities to house migrant children. Pentagon spokesmen and a memorandum sent to Congress confirmed that the Department of Defense was preparing facilities at four military bases in Texas and Arkansas to house 20,000 "unaccompanied alien children".
Fort Bliss, near El Paso, Texas—On June 25, the Associated Press reported that Fort Bliss had been chosen to house migrant families.
See also
List of detention sites in the United States
References
Immigration detention centers and prisons in the United States
The Phi Mu Sorority House is a historic sorority house at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in Urbana, Illinois. The sorority house was built in 1928 for the university's Delta Beta chapter of the Phi Mu sorority, which formed in 1921; the sorority itself was founded in 1852 and is one of the oldest sororities in the United States. At the time, the university had one of the largest Greek letter society movements in the country. The sorority's house has a Spanish Eclectic design with an arcaded porch and large patio, a campanile on one corner, and a colored tile roof. Phi Mu used the house until moving to a new building after World War II; the building has since been used by other Greek and student life groups.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 21, 1990.
References
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Houses completed in 1928
National Register of Historic Places in Champaign County, Illinois
Buildings and structures of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Fraternity and sorority houses
Buildings and structures in Urbana, Illinois
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Sorority houses
History of women in Illinois
Thomas Hale (died c. 1759) was an 18th-century British agriculturist, known from his book A Compleat Body of Husbandry, 1756.
Life and work
Little is known about Thomas Hale's life, as no records exist. He probably died around 1756.
His main work was A Compleat Body of Husbandry, published between 1756 and 1758 in four volumes. The work was translated into French by Jean-Baptiste Dupuy-Demportes and published in 1763 as Le gentilhomme cultivateur, ou corps complet d'agriculture.
The British The Complete Farmer: Or, a General Dictionary of Husbandry by members of the Royal Society, first published from 1756 to 1768, considered Thomas Hale among the foremost agriculturists of the time. The 3rd edition of The Complete Farmer (1777) listed Hale in the subtitle of this work among other foremost authorities, such as Carl Linnaeus, Louis François Henri de Menon, Hugh Plat, John Evelyn, John Mortimer, John Worlidge, Jethro Tull, William Ellis, Philip Miller, Edward Lisle, Roque, John Mills, and Arthur Young.
George Washington owned a copy of A Compleat Body of Husbandry.
Selected publications
Thomas Hale. A Compleat Body of Husbandry, 1756/1758; Volume I; Volume II; Volume III; Volume IV
John Hill, Thomas Hale, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor. Eden: Or, a Compleat Body of Gardening. Containing Plain and Familiar Directions for Raising the Several Useful Products of a Garden, .... Compiled and Digested from the Papers of the Late Celebrated Mr. Hale, by the Authors of the Compleat Body of Husbandry. .... T. Osborne; T. Trye; S. Crowder and Company; and H. Woodgate,
Thomas Hale. A compleat body of husbandryers societies in Ireland, Dublin : Printed for Peter Wilson and John Exshaw, 1757
Thomas Hale. A compleat body of husbandry original drawings. London : Printed for Tho. Osborne, Tho. Trye, and S. Crowder and Co., 1758
Thomas Hale. A continuation of the compleat body of husbandry containing rules for performing, in the most profitable manner, the whole business of the farmer, and country gentleman, in cultivating, planting, and stocking of land ..., 1759
Thomas Hale, Jean-Baptiste Dupuy-Demportes Le Gentilhomme cultivateur, ou corps complet d'agriculture 1764
References
Year of birth unknown
1759 deaths
18th-century English writers
18th-century English male writers
Agricultural writers
British agriculturalists
Rodney Allen Leisle (born February 5, 1981 in Fresno, California) is a former American football defensive tackle. He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the fifth round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He attended Ridgeview High School in Bakersfield, California and played college football at UCLA.
Leisle has also been a member of the New York Giants, Saskatchewan Roughriders and Arizona Cardinals.
Career
Leisle played in 18 games for the Saints and appeared in one game for his last season with Saints before being placed on injured reserve with a knee injury. Saints cut Leisle in their 2007 training camp.
Leisle resurfaced with the Giants during their training camp in 2008, but sustained a season ending rib injury before season started. He spent some time in Canadian football with the Saskatchewan Roughriders during their 2008 season. He competed for a roster spot during Cardinals training camp in 2009.
Lesile was signed again to the Saints in 2009 before being released again in 2010.
References
External links
Arizona Cardinals bio
New York Giants bio
UCLA Bruins bio
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fresno, California
Players of American football from California
American football defensive tackles
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football defensive linemen
UCLA Bruins football players
New Orleans Saints players
New York Giants players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Arizona Cardinals players
Mount Holloway () is a mountain, high, standing between Swinford Glacier and Table Bay, in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Harry L. Holloway, a United States Antarctic Research Program biologist at McMurdo Station in 1964–65.
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
SS. Cyril and Methodius Parish () - one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford. Founded on April 6, 1902, it is designated for Polish immigrants in Hartford, Connecticut, United States.
History
In January 1901, the recently ordained Fr. Stanislaus Lozowski was assigned as curate to serve the Polish immigrants at St. Peter Parish. On April 6, 1902, Bishop of Hartford Michael Tierney established SS. Cyril and Methodius Parish for Polish immigrants, with Fr. Lozowski appointed founding pastor. The first parish Mass was celebrated in St. Peter's basement. A small wooden church was dedicated on Governor St. The cornerstone of a large brick church was blessed on July 9, 1916.
Clergy
Current
Rev. Adam Hurbanczuk, Pastor, November 4, 2011 – Present.
Rev. Andrzej Pogorzelski, Vicar, November 4, 2011 – Present.
Former Pastors
Rev. Stanislaus Lozowski
Rev. William Przybylo, 1990–2008
Rev. Adam C. Subocz, 2008 - October 2011
Rev. Adam Hurbanczuk, November 2011 - Present
Former Vicars
Rev. Kazimirerz Heisig, Vicar † - September 2011.
† = deceased
Sources
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
SS. Cyril and Methodius Church - Parish Website
SS. Cyril and Methodius - Diocesan information
SS. Cyril and Methodius - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Roman Catholic churches in Hartford, Connecticut
1902 establishments in Connecticut
Isabel Scott Rorick (1900–1967) was an American writer known for her comedic book Mr. and Mrs. Cugat, which was one of the top ten best selling books in the United States in 1941.
Rorick was born in Toledo, Ohio in 1900. Her involvement in the local Junior League newsletter in the mid-1930s eventually led to her contributing fictional sketches to the national Junior League publication. Her stories about the married Cugat couple, a young bank executive and his wife, led to interest by Houghton Mifflin, and ten sketches complete with illustrations were published in October 1940 as Mr. and Mrs. Cugat, the Record of a Happy Marriage. It became one of the best selling books of 1941. It was also made into a movie in 1942, Are Husbands Necessary? starring Ray Milland and Betty Field as the Cugats.
Rorick published a follow-up collection of Cugat stories, Outside Eden, in November 1945. In 1948, the radio show My Favorite Husband based on the Cugat stories debuted on CBS Radio. Lucille Ball and Richard Denning played the Cugats, though their last name was soon changed to Cooper to avoid confusion with bandleader Xavier Cugat. When CBS asked Ball to do a television version of the show, she insisted that her husband Desi Arnaz play her husband on the show. Since Arnaz could not pull off the role of a midwestern banker, the show was reworked into what became I Love Lucy.
Rorick's husband, Ceilan H. Rorick, a banker in the Spitzer-Rorick Trust and Savings Bank of Toledo, died in June 1958. Rorick died in 1967. They are buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in Toledo. The couple had two children, Horton and Elizabeth (Mimi).
References
External links
Finding Aid - Isabel Scott Rorick, Mr. and Mrs. Cugat Typescripts, University of Toledo library
1900 births
1967 deaths
American comedy writers
American women short story writers
Writers from Toledo, Ohio
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American short story writers
St. George's Anglican Church may refer to:
St George's Anglican Church, Beenleigh, Queensland, Australia
St George's Anglican Church, Eumundi, Queensland, Australia
St. George's Anglican Church (Parrsboro, Nova Scotia), Canada
St. George's Anglican Church (Montreal), Quebec, Canada
St. George's Anglican Church, Berlin, Germany
St George's Anglican Church, Madrid, Spain
St. George's Anglican Church (Basseterre), Saint Kitts and Nevis
St. George's Church, Lisbon, the English-speaking Anglican congregation in Lisbon
St George's Church, Gravesend, an Anglican church in Kent, England
St. George's Anglican Church, Grenada
St. George's Church (Georgetown, Ontario), an Anglican church in Ontario, Canada
Saint George's Anglican Church (Moncton), New Brunswick, Canada
St. George's Anglican Church, Ventura, California
St. George's Church, Penang, an Anglican church in Penang, Malaysia
St. George's Anglican Church, Battery Point, Hobart, Tasmania
St. George's Church, Vernet-les-Bains, an Anglican church in Pyrénées-Orientales, France
St. George's Anglican Church, Knokke, Knokke, Belgium
St. George's Cathedral, Jerusalem, an Anglican cathedral in Jerusalem
St George's Church, Venice, an Anglican church in Italy
St George's Anglican Church, WIllowdale, Toronto
St. George's (Round) Church (Halifax, Nova Scotia), an Anglican church in Canada
St. George's Anglican Church, Sibbald Point, Ontario, Canada
St. George's Anglican Church, St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada
St George's Anglican Church, Brassall, Queensland, Australia
St George's Anglican Church, Linville, Queensland, Australia
St. George's Anglican Church, Chennai, India
St. George's Anglican Church, Bathurst, New Brunswick
St. George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana
St George's Church, Everton
St. George's Cathedral, Cape Town, South Africa
St George's Cathedral, Perth, Australia
St George's Anglican Church, Málaga, Spain
St. George's Anglican Church, Sutton West, Ontario, Canada
St George's Anglican Church, Hanover Square, Westminster, London
St George's Anglican Church, Whatley, Somerset, England
St George's Anglican Church, Kendal, Cumbria, England
St. George's Anglican Church, Lisbon, Portugal
St George's Anglican Church, Georgeham, Devon, England
St George's Anglican Church, British Embassy in Madrid
St. George' s Anglican Church, Brigus, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada
St George's Anglican Church, Crows Nest, Queensland, Australia
St George's Anglican Church, Barcelona, Spain
St. George's Anglican Church, Helmetta, New Jersey, United States
See also
St George's Church (disambiguation)
St. Mary & St. George Anglican Church, Alberta, Canada
Jean Agostinho da Silva (born 1 June 1988), commonly known as Jean Carioca, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for KF Feronikeli.
Career
Jean Carioca was born in Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro.
He left Tigres do Brasil and Brazil for only the second time in his professional career to join Albanian Superliga side FK Kukësi ahead of the Europa League first qualifying round. He made his FK Kukësi and European debut on 2 July 2015 against Belarusian side FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino in the first qualifying round of the Europa League, where he played the full 90 minutes and scored in the 9th minute of the 2–0 win.
In the 2015–16, he was the Number 10 player for Kukësi and he also established himself as a regular starter for the club. During the season, he only scored three league goals in 34 league appearances, along with a goal in the Albanian Cup Final against Laçi at the Qemal Stafa Stadium were his team won 5–3 on penalties after the final finished 1–1 through 120 minutes.
References
External links
Jean Carioca at ZeroZero
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Esporte Clube Tigres do Brasil players
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
ABC Futebol Clube players
Tombense Futebol Clube players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Figueirense FC players
Xanthi F.C. players
Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Piracicaba) players
Centro Sportivo Alagoano players
Treze Futebol Clube players
FK Kukësi players
União Recreativa dos Trabalhadores players
KF Feronikeli players
Super League Greece players
Kategoria Superiore players
Football Superleague of Kosovo players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Kosovo
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Kosovo
People from Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (state)
Pantelitsa Theodoulou () (born ) is a Cypriot individual rhythmic gymnast. She represents her nation at international competitions. She competed at world championships, including at the 2013 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships. In 2014, she competed at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, finishing in fourth place in the individual competition.
References
1997 births
Living people
Cypriot rhythmic gymnasts
People from Nicosia District
Gymnasts at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Cyprus
Barlow Moor Road is a tram stop on the Airport Line of the Manchester Metrolink. It opened on 3 November 2014. and is on the Airport line on Mauldeth Road West next to the junction of Barlow Moor Road.
Services
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Victoria and south to Manchester Airport (every 20 minutes before 6 am).
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Barlow Moor Road area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2014
2014 establishments in England
The San Antonio Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. Raced on the dirt, it is for horses age three and older. In 2017, the distance was shortened from miles to miles. The race was originally run under handicap conditions but is now run under allowance weight conditions, with specified weight reductions for horses who meet certain conditions. The San Antonio has been a Grade II event since 1990. The current purse is $200,000.
The San Antonio was traditionally run in February and was frequently used as a prep race for the Santa Anita Handicap. In 2017, the race was run once in February, and then again on December 26, the opening day of the Santa Anita winter-spring meet. With its new position in the stakes calendar, the race now serves as a prep for the Pegasus World Cup.
Inaugurated in 1935, the San Antonio Handicap was run at a mile and a sixteenth in 1940 and 1941.
Records
Speed record:
miles – 1:46.20 – Vigors (1978)
miles – 1:42.55 – Hoppertunity (2017)
Most wins:
2 - Gun Bow (1964, 1965)
2 - Gentlemen (1997, 1998)
2 - Game On Dude (2012, 2013)
2- Hoppertunity (2016, 2017)
2- Gift Box (2018,2019)
Most wins by a jockey:
7 - Bill Shoemaker (1951, 1953, 1960, 1964, 1967, 1971, 1985)
Most wins by a trainer:
7 - Richard Mandella (1984, 1995, 1997, 1998, 2002, 2004, 2006)
Most wins by an owner:
4 - Calumet Farm (1950, 1951, 1954, 1990)
Winners
References
The 2009 San Antonio Handicap at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-olds
Open mile category horse races
Recurring sporting events established in 1935
1935 establishments in California
The 1946 San Francisco 49ers season was the inaugural season of the San Francisco 49ers and the first season of the All-America Football Conference. Led by head coach Buck Shaw, the team compiled a 9–5 record and finished second in the AAFC West Division. The 49ers also had the second best scoring offense (307 points scored) in the AAFC.
The team's statistical leaders included quarterback Frankie Albert with 1,404 passing yards, fullback Norm Standlee with 651 rushing yards, and end Alyn Beals with 586 receiving yards and 61 points scored.
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Standings
Roster
Players shown in bold started at least one game at the position listed as confirmed by contemporary game coverage.
References
San Francisco 49ers seasons
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco 49ers
Britaldo Silveira Soares Filho is a Brazilian scientist, and Professor in Environment Modeling at Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais. Britaldo is one of winners of the Georg Foster Research Awards because "he has developed innovative methods in the field of geography and cartography which make it possible to precisely predict how tropical rainforests – such as in the Amazon basin – will develop. Based on these models, the government of Brazil has implemented a variety of protective measures and is planning more for the future."
Education
BA in Geology, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais: March, 1978-December, 1982.
MSc in Remote Sensing, Instituto Nacional de Pesquisas Espaciais – March 1987-November 1989.
DSc in Spatial Analyses, Universidade de São Paulo – March, 1993-September, 1998.
Career
Dr. Britaldo Silveira Soares-Filho is full professor of Department of Cartography since March 2012, Institute of Geosciences and the current coordinator of CSR (Remote Sensing Center) of Federal University of Minas Gerais (Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais), Brazil. He advises at the graduate courses on Production Engineering and Environmental Modeling of UFMG; of which he led the creation of the latter. Since 2000, he has collaborated in various research projects in the Amazon with IPAM (Instituto de Pesquisa Ambiental da Amazônia), Aliança da Terra, and the Woods Hole Research Center, where he is a distinguished visiting scientist. In addition, he is member of the scientific board of CTI (Center of Territorial Intelligence) and guest professor at Center for Development Research University of Bonn, Germany.
His research consists of environmental modeling, in particular, the development of simulation models of changes in land use and coverage, agricultural and forest profitability, urban dynamics, forest fire and carbon balance and their applications for the design of public policies and evaluation policies. An important product of his research is the DINAMICA EGO software, a platform for environmental modeling used by researchers from various countries like Mexico, Iran, Bangladesh, Greece, China and others.
Soares Filho participated in important projects to define public policies for environmental protection and conservation in Brazil, such as the Amazon Region Protected Areas Program, in which he is part of the Arpa Scientific Advisory Panel, and the environmental impact modeling studies of the implementation of BR 163 in the Amazon region
Awards
2007. IPCC fourth report, working group III, mitigation, contributing author, chapter 9, Forestry – IPCC was awarded jointly with Al Gore with the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize.
2015. Georg Forster Research Award, The Alexander von Humboldt Foundation
References
External links
"Nature Sustainability publishes opinion of Professors Britaldo Soares Filho and Raoni Rajão on the strategies of environmental conservation in Brazil.", Nov 2018
Britaldo Soareas Filho interview to Boletim UFMG
Britaldo Soareas Filho interview to Estadão evaluate the repercussions of a possible merger between the Ministries of Agriculture and the Environment.
Britaldo Soareas Filho video on 90th anniversary of University of Minas Gerais.
In a presentation to the Federal Senate, Professor Britaldo Soares Filho discussed the advances of the environmental registry and tools to facilitate compliance with the Brazilian forest code.
Lecture given by Frank Merry and Britaldo Soares-Filho for the Climate and Land Use Alliance - CLUA. July, 2017.
Britaldo Soares Filho at Research gate.net
Britaldo Soares Filho article to Climate Observatory website e "A encruzilhada das emissões do desmatamento".
Britaldo Soares Filho interview to Vet UFMG on livestock productivity and the forest conservation.
Britaldo Soares Filho on Environmental modelling in support of sound policy development.
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Environmental scientists
The William B. Troubh Ice Arena (formerly the Portland Ice Arena) is an ice hockey arena in Portland, Maine, USA. Located on Park Avenue between Fitzpatrick Stadium and Hadlock Field, the Ice Arena has a seating capacity of 750 and is open year around. Since its opening in 1984, it has been home to Portland Pirates hockey practices as well as local amateur teams and open skating hours. The facility was funded by a 20-year bond which was repaid in 2004. During the summer of 2012, the facility closed for energy efficiency repairs, which were the first major upgrades since the building opened in 1984. The repairs were funded by a $625,000 bond passed by voters in 2011 and were estimated to save the city 67,000 kilowatt-hours in energy use yearly. On January 1, 2015 the Portland Ice Arena changed its name officially to the William B. Troubh Ice Arena as a dedication to William B. Troubh.
References
Indoor ice hockey venues in Maine
Sports venues in Portland, Maine
Sports venues completed in 1984
1984 establishments in Maine
Ice hockey in Portland, Maine
Lobanov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Lobanova. It may refer to:
Alexander Lobanov (1924–2003), Russian outsider artist
Alexander Lobanov (footballer) (born 1986), Uzbekistani football goalkeeper
Andrey Lobanov (born 1972), Kazakhstani archer
Dmitri Lobanov (born 1990), Russian football player
Elena Lobsanova, Russian-Canadian ballet dancer
Evgeny Lobanov (born 1984), Russian ice hockey goaltender
Igor Lobanov (born 1969), Russian Olympic luger and rock musician
Liliya Lobanova (born 1985), Ukrainian runner
Nikita Lobanov (art collector) (born 1935), Russian art collector
Nataliya Kuznetsova-Lobanova (born 1947), Russian diver
Sergei Lobanov (born 1984), Russian football player
Sergei Lobanov (born 2001), Russian chess player
Valentīns Lobaņovs (born 1971), Latvian football midfielder
Vasily Lobanov (born 1947), Russian composer and pianist
Vladimir Lobanov (1953–2007), Russian speed skater
Yuri Lobanov (born 1952), Tajik sprint canoer
Lobanov-Rostovsky family
Alexey Lobanov-Rostovsky (1824–1896), Russian statesman
Andrei Lobanov-Rostovsky (1892–1979), Russian-American historian
Dmitry Lobanov-Rostovsky (1758–1838), Russian Prince and statesman
Yakov Lobanov-Rostovsky (1660–1732), Russian statesman and civil servant
Yakov Lobanov-Rostovsky (1760–1831), Russian statesman
Russian-language surnames
In R v Bournewood Community and Mental Health NHS Trust the House of Lords ruled that a man who had been admitted to a psychiatric hospital without capable consent had not been unlawfully detained under the common law. A later European Court of Human Rights ruling, however, found that the man had been unlawfully deprived of his liberty in the meaning of Article 5 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Facts
HL was an adult male who was autistic and had profound learning disabilities. He had lived in Bournewood Hospital from the age of 13 for over thirty years. In 1994 he was discharged into the community to live in an adult foster placement with carers Mr and Mrs 'E'. On 22 July 1997 HL became agitated at a day centre he attended and was admitted to the Accident and Emergency Department at Bournewood Hospital under sedation. Due to the sedative, HL was compliant and did not resist admission, so doctors chose not to admit him using powers of detention under the Mental Health Act. HL never attempted to leave the hospital, but his carers were prevented from visiting him in order to prevent him leaving with them. A report by the Health Service Ombudsman heard evidence from a range of professionals that the standard of HL's care had been poor in the hospital, and he had become distressed and agitated. Mr and Mrs 'E' sought from the court a judicial review of the decision of the Bournewood Community and Mental Health NHS Trust "to detain the appellant on 22 July 1997 and the Trust's ongoing decision to continue the Appellant's retention" and a writ of Habeas Corpus Ad Subjiciendum to direct that HL be discharged and returned to their care.
Judgment
Appeals
In the High Court the judge considered whether HL had been unlawfully detained under the common law. He reasoned that 'there will be no restraint of the applicant until he has attempted to leave and the respondent, by its agent, has done something to prevent this'. The Court of Appeal, however, held that the actions of the Trust had been based on a false premise that they were 'entitled to treat L as an in-patient without his consent as long as he did not dissent'. The court held that HL should have been detained under the Mental Health Act 1983, as the common law only provided for situations not already encompassed by statute. The Court also commented that a troubling feature of the appeal was that the respondent Trust was not alone in misinterpreting the Act, and potentially the judgement could apply to many patients informally detained like HL. They stated that the practice of informal detention in cases like HL could not justify disregarding the Act, especially in light of this bypassing its safeguards to detained patients.
House of Lords
The House of Lords considered whether HL had been unlawfully detained under the common law. They heard evidence that the ruling of the Court of Appeal might mean several tens of thousands of patients would have to be detained under the Mental Health Act. They considered that this might excessively stigmatise informal patients and have dire resource implications due to the costs of administering the Mental Health Act. In assessing whether HL had been detained, they concluded by a majority verdict that he had not been detained in the meaning of the common law tort of false imprisonment because there must be actual and not just potential restraint to engage the tort. Some commentators have suggested this reasoning might be at odds with other false imprisonment precedents. Lord Steyn dissented from this aspect of the judgement, stating that the Trust's argument that HL, not being formally detained, was always free to go 'stretched credulity to breaking point' and was 'a fairytale'. Unanimously their Lordships also held that even if HL had been found to have been detained, it would have been justified under the common law doctrine of necessity. Although concurring with this finding, Lord Steyn commented that this was an 'unfortunate' result as it left compliant but incapacitated patients without the safeguards of patients detained formally under the Mental Health Act.
European Court of Human Rights
Although HL was in fact released back into the care of Mr. and Mrs. E in December 1997 after being held in hospital for five months, the case was pursued at the European Court of Human Rights(ECtHR) for a declaration that HL had been deprived of his liberty unlawfully in the meaning of Article 5 of the European Convention on Human Rights ('the Convention'). The ECtHR concurred with Lord Steyn that HL had in fact been detained, finding that the distinction relied upon by the House of Lords between actual and potential restraint was not 'of central importance under the Convention'. They further found that the common law doctrine of necessity did not provide the requisite safeguards for informal detention of compliant but incapacitated patients to be described as 'in accordance with a procedure described by law' as required under Article 5(1)(e).
Response of the UK government to 'the Bournewood judgment'
Following the ruling of the ECtHR, the UK government launched a widespread consultation about the potential consequences of 'the Bournewood judgment', as it became known. During this consultation it was considered that compliant but incapacitated adults in care homes, as well as hospitals, might be deprived of their liberty in the meaning of the Convention. This consultation resulted in the amendment of the Mental Capacity Act 2005 to contain the 'deprivation of liberty safeguards'. The deprivation of liberty safeguards were intended to plug the 'Bournewood gap' by providing administrative and judicial safeguards for adults who lack mental capacity who are deprived of their liberty in care homes and hospitals. The safeguards came into force in April 2009, but their uptake has not been as widespread as expected and their implementation has been subject to criticism from a wide range of interested parties.
See also
False imprisonment
European Convention on Human Rights
HL v UK (2004)
Mental Capacity Act 2005
Mental Health Act 1983
Mental Health Act 2007
Notes
External links
Judgment of the Court of Appeal
Judgment of the House of Lords
Judgment of the European Court of Human Rights
The 'Bournewood' consultation
The deprivation of liberty safeguards code of practice
The Mental Health Alliance Report on the deprivation of liberty safeguards
Short film about the Bournewood judgment by the Equality and Human Rights Commission
European Court of Human Rights cases involving the United Kingdom
Mental health legal history of the United Kingdom
Mental health law in the United Kingdom
Jim Richmond (13 October 1932 – 2 November 2019) was a Scottish footballer who played for Hamilton Academical, Falkirk, Kilmarnock, St Johnstone, and Lossiemouth. While at Kilmarnock Richmond played in the 1960 Scottish Cup Final as well as the 1960 and 1962 Scottish League Cup Finals, and was voted the Kilmarnock Supporters Association's Player of the Year in 1962. He also represented the Scottish Football League XI in a victory over the League of Ireland. After moving to Highland League side Lossiemouth as a player, Richmond later became their manager and settled in the area for the rest of his life.
References
1932 births
2019 deaths
Scottish footballers
Falkirk F.C. players
Kilmarnock F.C. players
St Johnstone F.C. players
Hamilton Academical F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Scottish Football League representative players
Calm Before the Storm or The Calm Before the Storm may refer to:
Books, comics
A History of Modern Tibet, Volume 2: The Calm Before the Storm: 1951-1955 by Melvyn Goldstein (2007)
The Calm Before the Storm, history book by Itamar Singer
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Star Wars comic books (section The Calm Before the Storm)
The Calm Before the Storm, Wraithborn Issue 4
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Full Metal Panic! chapters
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Wandering Son chapters (嵐の前の静けさ "Arashi no Mae no Shizukesa")
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Dragon Ball Z chapters (大対決戦前の休息 "Daikessen Mae no Kyūsoku")
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Kokoro Library episodes
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Whistle! chapters
Film, TV and entertainment
The Calm Before the Storm: Under Review 1969-1971, DVD David Bowie discography
The Calm Before the Storm, Gypsy Sisters episode, 2013
The Calm Before the Storm, Vettai : Pledged to Hunt episode 53
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Tiger & Bunny episodes
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Spice and Wolf episodes
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Cardcaptor Sakura episodes
The Calm Before the Storm, List of A Little Princess Sara episodes
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Beyblade episodes (Season 2)
The Calm Before the Storm, List of Meerkat Manor episodes
Music
Albums
Calm Before the Storm (Venom album)
Calm Before the Storm (Paul Brandt album)
Calm Before the Storm (Jon English album), 1980
Calm Before the Storm (Lauren Harris album)
Calm Before the Storm (Dare album)
Calm Before the Storm, an album by Set It Off
Calm Before the Storm, an album by Brent Smedley
The Calm Before the Storm (Colton Dixon album), Colton Dixon album
The Calm Before the Storm (Tech N9ne album), Tech N9ne album
The Calm Before the Storm, mixtape by Ghetts
The Calm Before the Storm, Rafi Kirder and Sevan Kirder with Inish 2008
Liverpool – The Calm Before the Storm, compilation album by The Real People
Storm Before Calm, album by Primordial (band) 2002
Calm Before ..., an album by the Rising Storm (Remnant Records 1967)
Songs
"Calm Before The Storm", by The Bats 1987
"Calm Before The Storm", by Eddie Money 1986
"Calm Before The Storm", by Jonathan Butler 1986
"Calm Before The Storm", by Sheena Easton, B-side of "Morning Train (Nine To Five)" 1981
"Calm Before The Storm", by Fall Out Boy
"The Calm Before The Storm", by Johnny Cooke
"The Calm Before the Storm", Sincere, feat. Chris Rene discography
"The Calm Before the Storm", by Sparks from Balls
"The Calm Before the Storm", B-side of "Se a vida é (That's the Way Life Is)" by Pet Shop Boys from Bilingual
"(This is Just) the Calm Before the Storm", single by Antony Harding
"The Calm Before the Storm", by Arcana from Dark Age of Reason
"The Calm Before the Storm", by Dreamscape from Everlight
"The Calm Before the Storm", by Hollenthon from With Vilest of Worms to Dwell
"The Calm Before the Storm", by Destruction from Inventor of Evil
"The Calm Before the Storm", by Rubén Blades from Nothing But the Truth
"The Calm Before the Storm", by Judas Priest from Nostradamus
"Calm Before the Storm", by Darude from Before the Storm
See also
Calm After the Storm (disambiguation)
Lawrence Henry Framme III (born October 8, 1949) is an American attorney who twice served as chair of the Democratic Party of Virginia.
He was elected to his first term at the age of 37, after which he was selected by Governor Douglas Wilder to serve as state Secretary of Commerce (then called Secretary of Economic Development). In 2000, Framme ran alongside state senator Emily Couric for the respective positions of State Chair and General Chair; the positions were created after Couric was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and suspended her run for lieutenant governor.
References
External links
Democratic Party of Virginia
Living people
State cabinet secretaries of Virginia
Washington and Lee University School of Law alumni
Centre College alumni
1949 births
Zauderer v. Office of Disciplinary Counsel of Supreme Court of Ohio, 471 U.S. 626 (1985), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that states can require an advertiser to disclose certain information without violating the advertiser's First Amendment free speech protections as long as the disclosure requirements are reasonably related to the State's interest in preventing deception of consumers. The decision effected identified that some commercial speech may have weaker First Amendment free speech protections than non-commercial speech and that states can compel such commercial speech to protect their interests; future cases have relied on the "Zauderer standard" to determine the constitutionality of state laws that compel commercial speech as long as the information to be disclosed is "purely factual and uncontroversial".
Background
Philip Q. Zauderer was an attorney practicing in Columbus, Ohio. To expand his business, in 1981, he had an advertisement printed in The Columbus Citizen-Journal offering to represent clients charged with drunk driving, with language stating that their legal fees would be refunded if they were convicted of drunk driving. On the second day the ad was run, the Office of Disciplinary Counsel for the Supreme Court of Ohio contacted Zauderer, stating that the ad appeared to suggest he would represent criminal defendants on a contingent-fee basis, which violated the state's Code of Professional Responsibility. Zauderer immediately withdrew the ad and stated he would not take any cases from people responding to the ad.
Later, in 1982, Zauderer took another advertisement in several Ohio newspapers, this time offering his services on a contingent-fee basis for any women that may have been injured by the Dalkon Shield intrauterine device. His ad included an illustration of the Dalkon Shield, and descriptive language of the alleged injuries that women may have suffered from the device. While the ad successfully drew him clients, the Office of Disciplinary Counsel took further issue with this ad, and formally filed a complaint against Zauderer resulting from ads for violating several Ohio Disciplinary Rules. Among several complaints, the Office specifically called to the illustration and language that Zauderer used within the Dalkon ad as failing to be "dignified". Other violations asserted by the state including the misleading information on the drunk driving ad, how he offered his services in the Dalkon ad, and choice of language to represent his contingent-fee basis, including omission that clients may still be liable for costs, in and above attorney fees, even if they would lose the case. The Office specifically noted that they did not consider other information and advice in the Dalkon ad to be fraudulent or misleading.
At his hearing at the Board of Commissioners on Grievances and Discipline for the Ohio Supreme Court, Zauderer stated that Ohio's Disciplinary Rules related to the content of advertisements violated his rights to advertise under the First Amendment, as previously decided by Bates v. State Bar of Arizona, , and In re R.M.J., . The Board rejected Zauderer's defense, and on his appeal, the Supreme Court of Ohio upheld the conclusions from the Board, specifically noting that Bates and In re R.M.J. were aimed towards preventing deceptive advertising. The Supreme Court of Ohio also stated that In re R.M.J. suggested that states could regulate non-deceptive advertising to serve a narrow state interest; in this case, requiring disclosure of contingent-fee arrangements was deemed necessary by the state to assure potential clients would not mislead.
Supreme Court
Zauderer petitioned to the Supreme Court on several issued raised by the case, which accepted the case and heard oral arguments on January 7, 1985. The Court issued its decision on May 25, 1985. While the Court reversed some of the disciplinary actions against Zauderer by the Supreme Court of Ohio, it affirmed that court's decision that the state could regulate commercial speech. With Justice Lewis F. Powell Jr. not participating in the case, the opinion of a generally-unanimous count was written by Justice Byron White, joined in full by Justices Blackmun and Stevens, and in part by Brennan and Marshall (both who joined a concurrence in part and dissent in part) and in part by Burger, Rehnquist and O'Connor (who also joined in a separate concurrence in part and dissent in part).
The principal matter of Zauderer centered on the requirement of Ohio's Disciplinary Rules for disclosure of contingent-fee arrangements. White wrote:
The State has attempted only to prescribe what shall be orthodox in commercial advertising, and its prescription has taken the form of a requirement that appellant includes in his advertising purely factual and uncontroversial information about the terms under which his services will be available. Because the extension of First Amendment protection to commercial speech is justified principally by the value to consumers of the information such speech provides, appellant's constitutionally protected interest in not providing any particular factual information in his advertising is minimal. . . . [B]ecause disclosure requirements trench much more narrowly on an advertiser's interests than do flat prohibitions on speech, “warning[s] or disclaimer[s] might be appropriately required . . . in order to dissipate the possibility of consumer confusion or deception.
Due to this reasoning, the Court upheld the disciplinary action against Zauderer for failing to disclose the contingent-fee terms from both ads, while following similar logic, found that the state had no protected interest against the use of factual illustrative material nor claims of representation, and overturned the Office's actions on these points.
Impact
Zauderer has led to the establishment of the "Zauderer standard" to determine when a state's interest in compelling parts of commercial speech is valid. This test employees the "purely factual and uncontroversial information" language from the Zauderer decision to judge if such disclosure requirements are constitutional compelled commercial speech. The standard is frequently used in cases involving the labeling of food or other products.
The Zauderer standard has generally been held for when the government is seeking to prevent deception, but within the 21st century, a number of cases heard at the Circuit courts have considered the Zauderer standard applied to government language that is not strictly to prevent deception, creating a precedent. Such cases include:
American Meat Institute v. USDA, held in the D.C. Appeals Court, found that Zauderer applied to the government's demand for meat packagers to include the country of origin of their product on packaging, even when considering the result of Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corp. v. Public Service Commission, .
National Electrical Manufacturers Association v. Sorrell, held in the Second Circuit, found that Zauderer applied to the addition of disclosure labels warning consumers that fluorescent light bulbs contained mercury and should be disposed as hazardous waste.
CTIA—The Wireless Association v. City of Berkeley, held in the Ninth Circuit, used Zauderer to justify the constitutionality of city laws requiring cell phone providers to warn users about potentially receiving higher-than-recommended levels of radiation if they keep their cell phone in their pockets.
The Supreme Court case of National Institute of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra established that there is a limit to how much Zauderer can apply; the Court ruled that required signage to be posted at crisis pregnancy centers notifying potential patients of state-provided abortion services did not fall under the Zauderer standard as it was unjustified and imposed a burden on a specific targeted set of speakers. The Court subsequently ordered the CTIA case, which had been petitioned to the Supreme Court, to be reconsidered in light of the National Institute of Family and Life Advocates decision. The appeals court reconsidered and reaffirmed its previous conclusion, stating that Berkeley's warning is “literally true,” promotes public health and does not require retailers to post messages that violate their beliefs. The Supreme Court then rejected a subsequent telecommunications industry challenge.
References
External links
1985 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
United States commercial speech case law
Niederhausen an der Appel is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Robin Miles is an American actor, casting director, audiobook narrator and audiobook director. Miles has acted in Broadway shows and on TV shows including Law & Order and Murder by Numbers. She is best known for her audiobook narrations and narration director work for which she has won numerous awards, including Audie Awards, AudioFile Golden Voice, and Earphone Awards. Miles is revered in her field and is credited as one of the audiobook narrators saving the publishing industry. In 2017, Miles was inducted into Audible's Narrator Hall of Fame. Miles also has a voice training school, VOXpertise, for aspiring narrators. She has narrated over 300 books.
Miles specializes in recreating "accents and speech patterns from around the globe."
Life and career
Robin Miles grew up in New Jersey and credits her immigrant neighborhood for immersing her in a rich world of accents, languages and cultures which she has been able to draw on for her narration work. Miles started in musical theater, but transitioned to drama. Miles graduated from Yale University with a Bachelor of Arts in Theater Studies and she earned her Master of Fine Arts in Drama from Yale School of Drama.
After graduating and moving to New York City, Miles was looking for community service volunteer opportunities. She started book narration by volunteering to read for the American Foundation for the Blind and the National Library Service.
When she started narration work, Miles was surprised by how ethnically segregated the work was considering it is voice work."It was like, 'You do the black books, and you're Jewish, you do the Jewish books.' I was totally shocked," she says. "But, it's kind of morphed. It really started out with such a small pool of people, that the people they had done everything whether or not they could handle the accent and culture. And then, when a little more diversity came in, it was like, well nobody can do anything outside of their yard. And now, I think we're also beginning to hopefully, break through that again."Miles has narrated a wide range of genres including children's books, non-fiction, fantasy, horror, historical fiction, biography and other genres including the Young Reader's Edition of Kamala Harris's The Truths We Hold.
Reviews
"What's the best way to tie together a space opera written alternately by four authors? Clearly, it's choosing the capable Robin Miles to narrate....Miles creatively utilizes dialects to differentiate the denizens of several planets that revolve around a dying sun." AudioFilemagazine of The Vela, 2019
"Robin Miles gives a flawless emotional narration of this superb novel, set in Ethiopia in 1974 and in 1935, on the eve of Mussolini's invasion. Mengiste's beautiful writing already draws fully formed characters; Miles adds yet another dimension to their inner lives by slowing and quickening her voice strategically, adding suspense and fervor to their experiences, particularly those of the tormented protagonist." AudioFile magazine review of The Shadow King, 2019
"The eloquence of Maaza Mengiste's tribute to the forgotten women warriors who defended Ethiopia from Mussolini's invasion in 1935 is unforgettably conveyed by the narrator Robin Miles, whose upbringing in the ethnic melting pot of New Jersey has enhanced her gift for entering into character." The Times UK, 2020
"Miles, who has narrated works by Roxane Gay, Bell hooks, and N, K, Jemisin, excels at technically perfect Standard American dialect but interjects just enough slightly sarcastic pauses and subtly acerbic inflections to emphasize the true meaning of the text." New York Times, 2020
Awards and honors
In 2014, Booklist named Miles a Voice of Choice narrator. AudioFile magazine has also named Miles a Golden Voice narrator. In 2017, she was inducted into Audible's Narrator Hall of Fame.
Awards
"Best of" lists
References
African-American actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
American voice actresses
Audiobook narrators
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
Ezz or EZZ may refer to:
Ezz Steel, the largest steel company in Egypt and the Middle East and North Africa Region
Ahmed Ezz (disambiguation), various people
Ezz Eddin Hosni (1927–2013), an Egyptian musician and composer
EZZ, FAA identifier for Cameron Memorial Airport, a public use airport in Clinton County, Missouri
was a Japanese film studio active in the early 1920s. Founded in April 1920 by Ryōzō Asano, the son of Asano zaibatsu head Sōichirō Asano, it was mostly known as Taikatsu for short. Its origins can be traced back to Tōyō Film (also known as the "Sunrise Film Manufacturing Company"), a venture started in 1918 by Benjamin Brodsky and Thomas Kurihara, that Asano ended up supporting. With Kurihara as the main director and Jun'ichirō Tanizaki as the literary consultant, Taikatsu was one of two studios founded in 1920 (the other being Shōchiku Kinema) that publicly announced their intention to make "pure films" in line with the Pure Film Movement. It established an actors school and began production with Amateur Club, a film directed by Kurihara and scripted by Tanizaki that was strongly influenced by American cinema. Other important works include A Serpent's Lust, another Kurihara-Tanizaki collaboration based on the same story as Ugetsu by Kenji Mizoguchi. The Taikatsu studio was located in Yokohama, below the Bluff and the Foreigner's Cemetery (a memorial tablet currently marks the site). Taikatsu did not last long, since it did not have enough theaters to recoup the costs of production and of importing American films. Its production division was taken over by Shōchiku in 1922, even though the company lasted a few more years as an exhibition business. A number of important film figures emerged from Taikatsu, including the directors Tomu Uchida and Buntarō Futagawa and the actors Tokihiko Okada, Ureo Egawa and Atsushi Watanabe. Otohiko Matsukata, who served as a director, later became the president of Nikkatsu.
Notes
Japanese film studios
Mass media in Yokohama
Mount Hemphill () is a snow-covered mountain that rises above in the southern part of the Anare Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It stands between the head of McLean Glacier and Ebbe Glacier. The mountain was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Harold S. Hemphill, U.S. Navy, a photographic officer with Squadron VX-6 in Antarctica, 1962–63 and 1963–64. This topographical feature lies situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The Cat Island Light was a lighthouse located on Cat Island off the coast of Mississippi. Originally built to guide shipping through the Mississippi Sound, it was discontinued as traffic moved further south.
History
The first lighthouse at this location was erected in 1831, following an appropriation in 1827. Construction was delayed by the need to survey and acquire land. The contract was given to Winslow Lewis, who also constructed the Pass Christian Light under the same contract. Lewis subcontracted construction of the Cat Island tower to Lazarus Baukens, who erected a conical brick tower to the same design as that used for the Pass Christian Light. An 1854 inspection, however, revealed that the structure was set directly on the sand, with no foundation whatsoever. It was provided with the lamp and reflector arrangement typical of such early lights. This was replaced in 1857 with a Fresnel lens, and in 1859 a new lantern was constructed.
The tower was constantly threatened by erosion, and in 1856 funds were appropriated to move it; however, nothing ever came of this. This followed the destruction of the original keeper's house in the 1855 hurricane. The tower was damaged in a hurricane in 1860 and burned by the Confederates during the Civil War. After the war, the lantern was taken to be used for the Tchefuncte River Range Rear Light, and in 1872 the bricks were removed to be used as riprap to shore up the failing St. Joseph Island Light.
The previous year, a new lighthouse was erected, a square screw-pile structure. Erosion and storms continued to be problems, and in 1900 riprap was piled around the piles to stabilize it. In 1937 the light was discontinued due to decreasing traffic through the area. The house stood abandoned and eventually burned in 1961. The iron foundation continues to stand and appears as a hazard on NOAA charts. It is also a local fishing spot, known affectionately as The Bird Cage.
References
Lighthouses completed in 1831
Lighthouses completed in 1871
Lighthouses in Mississippi
Buildings and structures in Harrison County, Mississippi
Buildings and structures demolished in 1961
Samir Dayal Mathur is a theoretical physicist who specializes in string theory and black hole physics. Mathur is a professor in the Department of Physics at Ohio State University and a member of the University's High Energy Theory Group. He was a faculty member at Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1991–99 and held postdoctoral positions at Harvard University and the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
Mathur's research is focused on string theory, black holes, the AdS/CFT correspondence, and cosmology. He is best known for developing the Fuzzball conjecture as a resolution of the black hole information paradox. The Fuzzball conjecture asserts that the fundamental description of black holes is given by a quantum bound state of matter which has the same size as the corresponding classical black hole. This quantum bound state replaces the event horizon and singularity, and the classical black hole metric is claimed to be an approximate effective description.
In 2009 Mathur published a strong version of the black hole information paradox, strengthening Stephen Hawking's original version by demonstrating that small local corrections to Hawking's semiclassical analysis cannot restore unitarity. This result was obtained by applying Strong Subadditivity of Quantum Entropy to the evaporation of Hawking radiation. This led to a renewed interest in the information paradox and the development of the 2012 black hole firewall paradox.
References
External links
Mathur's web page at The Ohio State University
List of Publications on INSPIRE-HEP
Information paradox solved? If so, Black Holes are "Fuzzballs" — by The Ohio State University
KITP Seminar: The Black Hole Story in 4 Steps | Samir Mathur
Living people
20th-century Indian physicists
Ohio State University faculty
Indian string theorists
Year of birth missing (living people)
MIT Center for Theoretical Physics faculty
Pfäffikon SZ railway station () is a junction station serving Pfäffikon, the principal town of the municipality of Freienbach, in the canton of Schwyz, Switzerland. The station is situated at the northern edge of the town, between the town centre and Lake Zurich.
The station forms part of the Lake Zurich left bank railway line, which links Zürich Hauptbahnhof with Ziegelbrücke and Näfels, and is owned and operated by the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB). To the east of the station is the junction for the line to Rapperswil, which crosses Lake Zurich on the Seedamm, whilst to the west is the junction for the line to Arth-Goldau; both these latter being owned and operated by the Südostbahn (SOB).
Operation
Long distance trains
The following long-distance trains stop at Pfäffikon:
Bern – Olten – Zürich HB – Pfäffikon – Chur
St. Gallen – Herisau – Pfäffikon – Arth-Goldau – Luzern
The St. Gallen to Lucern train is operated by the SOB under the name Voralpen Express. The remaining trains are operated by the SBB.
Zürich S-Bahn trains
The following Zurich S-Bahn services call at Pfäffikon.
Bülach – Zürich HB – Uster – Pfäffikon SZ
Zürich HB – Pfäffikon SZ – Lachen SZ
Service S40 is operated by the SOB, the remainder by the SBB.
Station facilities
Today's SBB-CFF-FFS station yard consists of seven platform lines.
Track 1 faces the main platform; goods trains run on that track and on track 4.
The Voralpen Express and the SOB-operated Zürich S-Bahn trains use tracks 2 and 7.
Also on track 7, and on tracks 3, 5 and 6, can be seen the Zürich S-Bahn trains operated by the SBB-CFF-FFS.
Tracks 3 and 5 are used by InterRegio (InterCity/EuroCity) trains, as well as RegioExpress and special trains.
Connections
Adjacent to the station is the Pfäffikon bus terminal. From Pfäffikon, there are Postauto bus lines (yellow) as well as community buses (blue).
Regional buses
Urban buses
See also
History of rail transport in Switzerland
Rail transport in Switzerland
Notes
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Schwyz
Swiss Federal Railways stations
Freienbach
USS Growler has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:
, schooner acquired in 1812, captured by the British in 1813, recaptured by the United States in 1813, and finally captured by the British again in 1814
, a sloop acquired in 1812 that the British captured in 1813 and renamed HMS Chubb. The United States recaptured her in 1814 and sold her in 1815.
, a submarine commissioned in 1942 and sunk in 1944
, a cruise missile submarine in commission from 1958 to 1964
United States Navy ship names
Jersey County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 21,512. The county seat and largest community is Jerseyville, with a population of 8,337. The county's smallest incorporated community is Otterville, with a population of 87.
Jersey County is included in the St. Louis, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Jersey County lies just northeast of where the great Mississippi and Illinois rivers meet. It is the former home of the Kickapoo, Menomini, Potawatomi, and Illiniwek Confederation American Indians. The first European explorers to visit the area, Father Marquette and Louis Jolliet, arrived in 1673, where they encountered the fearsome painting of the Piasa bird. The present day Pere Marquette State Park, located near Grafton, is named in Father Marquette's honor, and a monument to him is located at the park.
Jersey County was founded on February 28, 1839, and was formed out of Greene County. The county was named for the state of New Jersey, from which many of the early settlers emigrated - which was itself named for the Channel Island of Jersey in Great Britain. The area quickly evolved into several small agricultural communities. As the area soon began to flourish, a county government was established and a courthouse was built in Jerseyville, the county seat. The Jersey County Courthouse was designed by architect Henry Elliott who also designed the courthouses in nearby Greene County, Edgar County, Illinois, DeWitt County, Illinois (later demolished in 1987) and Pike County, Illinois. The cornerstone for the courthouse was laid on July 4, 1893. The Romanesque Revival style courthouse is a magnificent architectural structure of limestone quarried from the nearby town of Grafton, Illinois.
Recent history
Today, while the county maintains its agricultural base, it is also within commuting distance of jobs and industry in St. Louis, Missouri and the surrounding area. A large portion of the population works outside of Jersey County and benefits from being "Near the crowd, but not in it.", the official slogan of the Jersey County Business Association's advertising campaign. The bordering rivers play an important part in Jersey County's economy by supporting agricultural producers and agribusiness, and by creating a strong tourist market. Education, manufacturing, and retail are also among the county's largest industries.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water. Jersey County is bordered by three bodies of water: the Mississippi River to the south, the Illinois River to the west, and Macoupin Creek to the northwest.
Climate
Typically, the county's climate reflects most Midwest areas, located in the transitional zone between the humid continental climate type and the humid subtropical climate type (Köppen Dfa and Cfa, respectively), with neither large mountains nor large bodies of water to moderate its temperature. Spring is the wettest season and produces severe weather ranging from tornadoes to snow or ice storms. Summers are hot and humid, and the humidity often makes the heat index rise to temperatures feeling well above . Fall is mild with lower humidity and can produce intermittent bouts of heavy rainfall with the first snow flurries usually forming in late November. Winters can be cold at times with periodic light snow and temperatures below freezing.
In recent years, average temperatures in Jerseyville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July. The record low temperature of was recorded in January 1977 and the record high temperature of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranges from in January to in April.
Major highways
U.S. Route 67
Illinois Route 3
Illinois Route 16
Illinois Route 100
Illinois Route 109
Illinois Route 111
Illinois Route 267
Adjacent counties
State protected areas
Mississippi River State Fish and Wildlife Area
Pere Marquette State Park
National protected areas
Two Rivers National Wildlife Refuge (eastern portion)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,985 people, 8,828 households, and 6,228 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,848 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.6% white, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.2% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 42.8% were German, 14.7% were Irish, 10.6% were English, and 8.6% were American.
Of the 8,828 households, 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.5% were non-families, and 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 40.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $53,470 and the median income for a family was $64,773. Males had a median income of $48,750 versus $31,789 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,368. About 5.6% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.4% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Grafton
Jerseyville
Villages
Brighton
Elsah
Fidelity
Fieldon
Town
Otterville
Unincorporated communities
Beltrees
Chautauqua
Delhi
Dow
East Newbern
Kemper
Lake Piasa
Lockhaven
McClusky
Newbern
New Delhi
Nutwood
Reardon
Reddish
Rosedale
Spankey
Townships
Jersey County is divided into eleven townships:
Elsah Township
English Township
Fidelity Township
Jersey Township
Mississippi Township
Otter Creek Township
Piasa Township
Quarry Township
Richwood Township
Rosedale Township
Ruyle Township
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Jersey County.
† county seat
Education
Unified school districts
Alton Community Unit School District 11 - serves a very small portion of southern Jersey County (east of Elsah), along with northwestern Madison County.
Greenfield Community Unit School District 10 - serves a very small portion of northeastern Jersey County (west of Kemper), along with eastern Greene County.
Jersey Community Unit School District 100 - serves most of Jersey County, and a small portion of southern Greene County.
Southwestern Community Unit School District 9 - serves the northeastern and southeastern portions of Jersey County, along with southwestern Macoupin County.
High schools
Jersey Community High School, located in Jerseyville.
Colleges and universities
Principia College, located near Elsah.
Government
Local
The Democratic Party holds five of eight countywide elected positions as of 2017 as well as a seven to five majority on the county board.
Jersey County is part of Regional Office of Education #40 which includes neighboring Macoupin, Calhoun and Greene counties. The office operates a facility in Jerseyville.
State
Jersey County is divided into two legislative districts in the Illinois House of Representatives:
District 100 - Currently represented by C. D. Davidsmeyer (R-Jacksonville) and consists of the majority of the county and includes the cities of Jerseyville and Grafton.
District 111 - Currently represented by Amy Elik (R-Fosterburg) and consists of the southern portion of the county and includes the village of Elsah.
The county is also divided into two legislative districts in the Illinois Senate:
District 50 - Currently represented by Steve McClure (R-Springfield) and consists of the majority of the county and includes the cities of Jerseyville and Grafton.
District 56 - Currently represented by Rachelle Crowe (D-Glen Carbon) and consists of the southern portion of the county and includes the village of Elsah.
Federal
Jersey County's federal political history is fairly typical of “anti-Yankee” Southern Illinois counties. It voted solidly Democratic until Warren G. Harding carried the county in his record 1920 landslide. It voted Republican again in Herbert Hoover's landslide of 1920 and 1928, but otherwise was firmly Democratic until World War II, when opposition to US involvement turned the county to Wendell Willkie and then Thomas E. Dewey. Between 1948 and 2004, Jersey County became something of a bellwether county, voting for every winning Presidential candidate except in the Catholicism-influenced 1960 election, and that of 1988 which was heavily influenced by a major Midwestern drought. Disagreement with the Democratic Party's liberal views on social issues since the 1990s has caused a powerful swing back to the Republicans in the past quarter-century. As is typical of the Upland South, Hillary Clinton in 2016 did far worse than any previous Democrat, while Joe Biden performed marginally better in the 2020 election.
Jersey County is included in Illinois's 13th congressional district and is currently represented by Rodney Davis (R-Taylorville) in the U.S. House of Representatives.
See also
Jersey County Journal
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jersey County, Illinois
References
External links
Jersey County government website
Jersey County Clerk website
Jersey County Health Department website
Jersey County Business Association website
Jersey County fact sheet
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
Jersey County, Illinois
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Ryan Wayne Donowho (born September 20, 1980) is an American actor and musician.
Early life
Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Donowho appeared as an uncredited extra in "Varsity Blues (film)", a film shot in his home state of Texas. Donowho moved to Brooklyn, New York and then to Los Angeles. He was a street musician in New York City as a "bucket" drummer. Donowho was bucket drumming in New York City when he was discovered by a modeling agent. He has an older brother, Matthew and a younger brother, Joseph.
Career
His official movie debut was in 2001's The Car Thief and the Hit Man. Donowho co-starred alongside Emile Hirsch in The Mudge Boy. In 2003 he was featured as the drummer for a song in The Hermitt's "& The Story of The Insects". Donowho is known for his work in 2004's Imaginary Heroes with Emile Hirsch. In the film, Donowho plays a sexually ambiguous character.
Donowho's roles in Imaginary Heroes and later in A Home at the End of the World created for Donowho a positive relationship with the gay community. He appeared with brother Matthew at the 2004 Outfest, a gay and lesbian film festival held annually in Los Angeles along with the cast and crew of A Home at the End of the World. He appeared in Bringing Rain with Rodrigo Lopresti and Alexis Dziena. For the third season of The O.C., the producers cast Donowho as Johnny Harper. Donowho played Stanley in the 2006 film adaptation of Strangers With Candy but does not appear in the released version of the film.
Donowho appeared in the thriller film Altitude. He played the lead character of Nathan in Rites of Passage.
Filmography
Awards
Donowho is the recipient of several awards; he was awarded twice for his role in the 2006 film The Favor at the San Diego Film Festival, receiving the Festival Award, and the Achievement in Acting Award, both for Best Actor. For his portrayal in the 2016 film Salvation, he was received the award for Best Actor at the Los Angeles Cinema Festival of Hollywood.
References
External links
1980 births
American drummers
American male film actors
American male television actors
Living people
Male actors from Houston
Musicians from Houston
Male actors from Los Angeles
Musicians from Los Angeles
21st-century American drummers
Raja Bhaiya () is a 2003 Indian Hindi-language comedy film produced by Kalyaani Singh and directed by Raman Kumar. It stars Govinda and Aarti Chhabria in the lead roles.
Plot
Saved from committing suicide under a train, a girl with amnesia is taken care of by Raja Bhaiya and his mom. As she cannot remember her name, they name her Radha. The girl suffers from mental instability, and is unable to live the life of a mature girl. Raja's mom thinks that she will make a suitable wife for her son. Raja has taken on a life of celibacy and refuses to marry anyone. When Radha saves Raja's mom's life during a fire, and Raja is indebted to her, and decides to marry her, and the marriage takes place. Radha's relatives are looking all over for her, and they eventually find her, and bring her back home. She undergoes treatment, and resumes her earlier life, and has no recollection of Raja nor her marriage to him. When Raja goes to ask her to come with him, she turns him down. Will Raja return to his celibacy days? Or will he find someone else to marry?
Cast
Govinda as Raja Bhaiya
Aarti Chhabria as Pratibha Sahni / Radha
Rakesh Bedi as Dr. Chandula Chatterjee
Satyendra Kapoor as Khan Chacha
Sadashiv Amrapurkar as Chaubey
Ravi Gossain as Anwar Bhai
Vishwajeet Pradhan as Susu
Sabbir Sarkar as Mr. Hatim
Soundtrack
Songs composed by Nadeem-Shravan and Surinder Sodhi.
Box office
The film grossed crore and was unsuccessful at the box office.
Reference
External links
2000s Hindi-language films
2003 films
Films scored by Nadeem–Shravan
Indian comedy films
2003 comedy films
Hindi-language comedy films
Alphomelon is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least 19 described species in Alphomelon, found in North, Central, and South America.
Species
These species belong to the genus Alphomelon:
Alphomelon arecaphile Deans, 2003
Alphomelon brachymacher Deans, 2003
Alphomelon brasiliensis Shimabukuro & Penteado-Dias, 2003
Alphomelon bromeliphile Deans, 2003
Alphomelon citroloma Deans, 2003
Alphomelon conforme (Muesebeck, 1958)
Alphomelon crocostethus Deans, 2003
Alphomelon disputabile (Ashmead, 1900)
Alphomelon melanoscelis Deans, 2003
Alphomelon nanosoma Deans, 2003
Alphomelon nigriceps (Ashmead, 1900)
Alphomelon paurogenum Deans, 2003
Alphomelon pyrrhogluteum Deans, 2003
Alphomelon rhyssocercus Deans, 2003
Alphomelon rugosum Shimabukuro & Penteado-Dias, 2003
Alphomelon simpsonorum Deans, 2003
Alphomelon talidicida (Wilkinson, 1931)
Alphomelon winniewertzae Deans, 2003
Alphomelon xestopyga Deans, 2003
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Setripn' Bloccstyle is the debut album by Sacramento rapper Mr. Doctor. It was presented by and features Brotha Lynch Hung. It was released on CD and cassette tape.
Track listing
References
External links
Brotha Lynch Hung albums
Horrorcore albums
G-funk albums
Gangsta rap albums by American artists
West Coast hip hop albums
1995 albums
Kuyubaşı is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
The 1981 Volvo International was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in North Conway, New Hampshire in the United States and was part of the 1981 Volvo Grand Prix. The tournament ran from July 28 through August 3, 1981. José Luis Clerc won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
José Luis Clerc defeated Guillermo Vilas 6–3, 6–2
It was Clerc's 5th title of the year and the 15th of his career.
Doubles
Heinz Günthardt / Peter McNamara defeated Pavel Složil / Ferdi Taygan 6–7, 7–5, 6–4
It was Günthardt's 6th title of the year and the 10th of his career. It was McNamara's 4th title of the year and the 15th of his career.
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Walter Merrill "Pop" Williams (May 19, 1874 – August 4, 1959) was a professional baseball pitcher whose playing career spanned nine seasons, including three in Major League Baseball. He was born in Bowdoinham, Maine on May 19, 1874. Williams batted right-handed and threw left-handed. Over his major league career, Williams compiled a win–loss record of 16–25 with a 3.17 earned run average (ERA), 41 complete games, two shutouts and 132 strikeouts in 47 games, all starts. He was also the coach of the Bowdoin College baseball team during the spring of 1903. During his time in the majors and the minor leagues, Williams occasionally played outfield and first base. In the majors, Williams played for the Washington Senators (1898), Chicago Cubs (1902–1903), Philadelphia Phillies (1903) and the Boston Beaneaters (1903).
Professional career
Early career
Williams attended Bowdoin College from 1893 to 1896. His professional career began in 1895 with the Lewiston ball club in the Class-B New England League. In 1896, Williams played for two teams; his previous club, Lewiston, and Fall River Indians. That season, Williams went a combined 14–16 with a 3.15 earned run average (ERA), 28 complete games, and 86 strikeouts in 35 games, 30 starts. Williams also four games in the outfield and four games at first base that season. He batted a combined .312 with 29 runs, 43 hits, 10 doubles, three triples, one home run, and eight stolen bases in 138 at-bats.
Williams moved on to the Class-A Toronto Canucks of the Eastern League in 1897. Although records were not kept in his first season there, in 1898 he went 16–14 with 26 complete games, and 70 strikeouts in 37 games, 34 starts. That season, Williams made his debut in Major League Baseball. Playing for the Washington Senators, Williams went 0–2 with an 8.47 ERA in 2 games, both starts. His debut with the Senators made Williams the first person from Bowdoin College to play in the majors. He returned to Toronto in 1899 and went 20–10 with 28 complete games, two shutouts and 54 strikeouts in 33 games, 30 starts. Williams was tied for third in wins that season in the Eastern League. Williams played with the Toronto team until 1901. In 1901, he went 16–13 in 34 games.
Chicago Cubs
Williams joined the major league Chicago Orphans in 1902. He went 11–16 with a 2.49 ERA, 27 complete games, and 99 strikeouts. Williams was tied for eighth in the National League in both losses and home runs per nine innings that season. Williams was re-signed by the Orphans, now renamed the Chicago Cubs, for the 1903 season. He did not join the Cubs in spring training that season as he was coaching the Bowdoin College baseball team. With the Cubs in 1903, Williams went 0–1 with a 5.40 ERA in one game, a start.
Later career
In April of the 1903 season, the Philadelphia Phillies purchased Williams from the Cubs. His tenure with the Phillies proved short, however, as after two games with a 1–1 record and a 3.00 ERA, he was released. As a free agent, Williams signed with the Boston Beaneaters. In ten games, he went 4–5 with a 4.12 ERA, nine complete games and 20 strikeouts. All of his games were for starts. On the season, Williams went 5–7 with a 3.99 ERA, 12 complete games and 30 strikeouts in 13 games, all starts, between Chicago, Philadelphia and Boston.
References
General references
Inline citations
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
Washington Senators (1891–1899) players
Chicago Orphans players
Chicago Cubs players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Boston Beaneaters players
Bowdoin Polar Bears baseball players
Lewiston (minor league baseball) players
Fall River Indians players
Toronto Canucks players
Toronto Maple Leafs (International League) players
Toronto Royals players
Baseball players from Maine
People from Bowdoinham, Maine
1874 births
1959 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Bowdoin Polar Bears baseball coaches
Solar power in Massachusetts has been increasing rapidly, due to Section 1603 grants for installations that began before December 31, 2011, and the sale of SRECs for $0.30/kWh, which allows payback for the system within 5 or 6 years, and generates income for the life of the system. For systems installed after December 31, 2011, and before December 31, 2016, the 30% tax grant becomes a 30% tax credit. There has been an appeal to the Congress to extend the 1603 program, the grant program, for an additional year.
Net metering is available with no aggregate limit for systems less than 10 kW, or three phase connected systems less than 25 kW. Larger systems are limited to 3% of total peak load. Approximately 40 municipalities are exempt from net metering. Of these, most choose not to offer it.
The first solar park in the country is the 100 kW array installed in 1981 at Beverly High School. The largest campus to have a solar program is Harvard's 555 kW array.
Massachusetts' largest privately owned solar array is the 7.1 MW Happy Hollow Community Solar and Storage Farm, completed in March 2019. The town of Harvard, Massachusetts has the most solar installations with 75 planned, of which 21 have been installed. Holyoke is home to two arrays which total 4.5 MW which were completed on December 20, 2011. A 1.8 MW solar farm in Pittsfield was completed in 2010. A 5.75 MW solar park in Canton was completed in 2012. Two 6 MW solar parks are being built, one in Berkley, and the other in Carver. As of August 2012, a total of 129 MW has been installed in the state.
State officials had set a target of installing 250 MW of solar PV statewide by 2017 and in May 2013 upped the target to 1,600 MW by 2020 as the 250 MW goal had been met four years ahead of schedule. Exceeding projections again, cumulative solar PV capacity in the state reached over 2 GW (2,000 MW) at the end of 2017. The American Solar Energy Industries Association forecasts that another ~1.5 GW of solar PV will be installed in the state over the next four years (2018-2021).
The U.S. Energy Information Administration meanwhile reports that solar power, including both utility-scale and small-scale projects, accounted for 7.7% of the electricity generated in Massachusetts in 2017 - the 5th highest percentage nationwide among the 50 states.
Charlie Baker administration (2015–Present)
In July 2015, the administration of Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker announced that Baker would file legislation to raise net metering caps on solar energy, with officials stating that "The administration looks forward to filing legislation that builds upon the success and continued growth of Massachusetts' solar industry while ensuring a long-term, sustainable solar program that facilitates industry growth, minimizes ratepayer impact and achieves our goal of 1,600 megawatts by 2020". The administration submitted the legislation the following month, and on April 11, 2016, Baker signed the legislation into law. The cap increase prompted a subsequent overhaul the following year of the state's solar incentive program that cut the cost of solar installations to ratepayers in half.
In December 2015, Baker's administration launched a $30 million residential solar loan program to increase direct ownership of solar electricity by lowering fixed interest rates to homeowners purchasing solar panels, with Baker himself stating "Massachusetts is a national leader in solar energy, and this program provides another way for residents to access solar energy while diversifying the Commonwealth's energy portfolio and reducing our overall carbon footprint". In January 2018, when President Trump imposed tariffs on solar panels manufactured outside the United States, Baker's administration criticized the decision, stating that it was "disappointed" but "remains committed to supporting solar energy as an important component of the Commonwealth's diverse energy portfolio and source of clean energy jobs." In February 2018, Baker's administration announced that solar capacity in Massachusetts had increased to 2,000 megawatts.
In late 2020, the Baker Administration released a Decarbonization Roadmap that aims for net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. The plan calls for major investments in solar energy, along with offshore wind, which is considered complimentary.
Statistics
Potential generation
The average insolation in Massachusetts is about 4 sun hours per day, and ranges from less than 2 in the winter to over 5 in the summer.
Massachusetts electricity consumption in 2015 was 54,621 million kWh (54.6 TWh). The state is a net importer of electricity, having only generated 32,086 million kWh (32.0
TWh) that year. Massachusetts has the potential for generating 799,344 million kWh/year (799.3 TWh/y) from 184,076 MW (0.184 TW) of offshore wind farms and 82,205 million kWh (82.2 TWh) from 51,568 MW (0.052 TW) of photovoltaic solar farms, and 26,000 million kWh (26 TWh) (47% of consumption) from 22,500 MW (0.023 TW) of rooftop photovoltaics.
Installed capacity
In 2016, the net metering limits were reached in all utility areas, causing over 240 MW in over 550 projects to be delayed. On April 11, 2016, Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker signed a bill increasing caps on net metering for private projects from 4% of the utility's load to 7%. Government project caps are 1% higher. The value of net metering credits paid was reduced, with remuneration for large projects set closer to the wholesale electricity price, while smaller projects stay closer to the retail price. Utilities will be able to charge a minimum fee to pay for maintaining the grid.
Utility-scale generation
See also
Wind power in Massachusetts
Solar power in the United States
Renewable energy in the United States
References
External links
Incentives and policies
New England Grid official statistics site
Energy in Massachusetts
Massachusetts
James Irvine Dungan (May 29, 1844 – December 28, 1931) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1891 to 1893.
Early life and career
Born in Canonsburg, Washington County, Pennsylvania, Dungan attended the common schools.
He received an academic education at the local academy at Denmark, Iowa, and at the college at Washington, Iowa.
During the Civil War served as color sergeant in the Nineteenth Regiment, Iowa Volunteer Infantry.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1868 and commenced practice in Jackson, Ohio.
Superintendent of schools of Jackson, Ohio, and city and county school examiner, 1867 and 1868.
Political career
He served as mayor of Jackson, 1869.
He served as member of the State senate from 1877 to 1879.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention, 1880.
Congress
Dungan was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-second Congress (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1893).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Fifty-third Congress in 1892.
Later career and death
Attorney in the Interior Department from 1893 to 1895.
He returned to Jackson, Ohio, and resumed the practice of law.
City solicitor, 1913.
He engaged in the practice of his profession until his death in Jackson, Ohio, on December 28, 1931.
He was interred in Fairmont Cemetery.
Sources
1844 births
1931 deaths
People from Jackson, Ohio
Union Army soldiers
Ohio lawyers
Mayors of places in Ohio
Ohio state senators
People from Canonsburg, Pennsylvania
People from Lee County, Iowa
People from Washington, Iowa
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Glyphocrangonidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the order Decapoda.
Genera:
Armacrangon Charbonnier, Audo, Garassino & Hyžný, 2017
Gladicrangon Charbonnier, Audo, Garassino & Hyžný, 2017
Glyphocrangon Milne-Edwards, 1881
References
Decapods
Decapod families
Neon compounds are chemical compounds containing the element neon (Ne) with other molecules or elements from the periodic table. Compounds of the noble gas neon were believed not to exist, but there are now known to be molecular ions containing neon, as well as temporary excited neon-containing molecules called excimers. Several neutral neon molecules have also been predicted to be stable, but are yet to be discovered in nature. Neon has been shown to crystallize with other substances and form clathrates or Van der Waals solids.
Neon has a high first ionization potential of 21.564 eV, which is only exceeded by that of helium (24.587 eV), requiring too much energy to make stable ionic compounds. Neon's polarisability of 0.395 Å3 is the second lowest of any element (only helium's is more extreme). Low polarisability means there will be little tendency to link to other atoms. Neon has a Lewis basicity or proton affinity of 2.06 eV.
Van der Waals molecules
Van der Waals molecules are those where neon is held onto other components by London dispersion forces. The forces are very weak, so the bonds will be disrupted if there is too much molecular vibration, which happens if the temperature is too high (above that of solid neon).
Neon atoms themselves can be linked together to make clusters of atoms. The dimer Ne2, trimer Ne3 and neon tetramer Ne4 have all been characterised by Coulomb explosion imaging. The molecules are made by an expanding supersonic jet of neon gas. The neon dimer has an average distance of 3.3 Å between atoms. The neon trimer is shaped approximately like an equilateral triangle with sides 3.3 Å long. However the shape is floppy and isosceles triangle shapes are also common. The first excited state of the neon trimer is 2 meV above the ground state. The neon tetramer takes the form of a tetrahedron with sides around 3.2 Å.
Van der Waals molecules with metals include LiNe.
More Van der Waals molecules include CF4Ne and CCl4Ne, Ne2Cl2, Ne3Cl2, I2Ne, I2Ne2, I2Ne3, I2Ne4, I2NexHey (x=1-5, y=1-4).
Van der Waals molecules formed with organic molecules in gas include aniline, dimethyl ether, 1,1-difluoroethylene, pyrimidine, chlorobenzene, cyclopentanone, cyanocyclobutane, and cyclopentadienyl.
Ligands
Neon can form a very weak bond to a transition metal atom as a ligand, for example Cr(CO)5Ne, Mo(CO)5Ne, and W(CO)5Ne.
NeNiCO is predicted to have a binding energy of 2.16 kcal/mol. The presence of neon changes the bending frequency of Ni−C−O by 36 cm−1.
NeAuF and NeBeS have been isolated in noble gas matrixes.
NeBeCO3 has been detected by infrared spectroscopy in a solid neon matrix. It was made from beryllium gas, dioxygen and carbon monoxide.
The cyclic molecule Be2O2 can be made by evaporating Be with a laser with oxygen and an excess of inert gas. It coordinates two noble gas atoms and has had spectra measured in solid neon matrices. Known neon containing molecules are the homoleptic Ne.Be2O2.Ne, and heteroleptic Ne.Be2O2.Ar and Ne.Be2O2.Kr. The neon atoms are attracted to the beryllium atoms as they have a positive charge in this molecule.
Beryllium sulfite molecules BeO2S, can also coordinate neon onto the beryllium atom. The dissociation energy for neon is 0.9 kcal/mol. When neon is added to the cyclic molecule, the ∠O-Be-O decreases and the O-Be bond lengths increase.
Solids
High pressure Van der Waals solids include (N2)6Ne7.
Neon hydrate or neon clathrate, a clathrate, can form in ice II at 480 MPa pressure between 70 K and 260 K. Other neon hydrates are also predicted resembling hydrogen clathrate, and those clathrates of helium. These include the C0, ice Ih and ice Ic forms.
Neon atoms can be trapped inside fullerenes such as C60 and C70. The isotope 22Ne is strongly enriched in carbonaceous chondrite meteorites, by more than 1,000 times its occurrence on Earth. This neon is given off when a meteorite is heated. An explanation for this is that originally when carbon was condensing from the aftermath of a supernova explosion, cages of carbon form that preferentially trap sodium atoms, including 22Na. Forming fullerenes trap sodium orders of magnitude more often than neon, so Na@C60 is formed. rather than the more common 20Ne@C60. The 22Na@C60 then decays radioactively to 22Ne@C60, without any other neon isotopes. To make buckyballs with neon inside, buckminsterfullerene can be heated to 600 °C with neon under pressure. With three atmospheres for one hour, about 1 in 8,500,000 molecules end up with Ne@C60. The concentration inside the buckyballs is about the same as in the surrounding gas. This neon comes back out when heated to 900 °C.
Dodecahedrane can trap neon from a neon ion beam to yield Ne@C20H20.
Neon also forms an intercalation compound (or alloy) with fullerenes like C60. In this the Ne atom is not inside the ball, but packs into the spaces in a crystal made from the balls. It intercalates under pressure, but is unstable at standard conditions, and degases in under 24 hours. However at low temperatures Ne•C60 is stable.
Neon can be trapped inside some metal-organic framework compounds. In NiMOF-74 neon can be absorbed at 100 K at pressures up to 100 bars, and shows hysteresis, being retained till lower pressures. The pores easily take up six atoms per unit cell, as a hexagonal arrangement in the pores, with each neon atom close to a nickel atom. A seventh neon atom can be forced under pressure at the centre of the neon hexagons.
Neon is pushed into crystals of ammonium iron formate (NH4Fe(HCOO)3) and ammonium nickel formate (NH4Ni(HCOO)3) at 1.5 GPa to yield Ne•NH4Fe(HCOO)3 and Ne•NH4Ni(HCOO)3. The neon atoms become trapped in a cage of five metal triformate units. The windows in the cages are blocked by ammonium ions. Argon does not undergo this, probably as its atoms are too big.
Neon can penetrate TON zeolite under pressure. Each unit cell contains up to 12 neon atoms in the Cmc21 structure below 600 MPa. This is double the number of argon atoms that can be inserted into that zeolite. At 270 MPa occupancy is around 20% Over 600 MPa this neon penetrated phase transforms to a Pbn21 structure, which can be brought back to zero pressure. However all the neon escapes as it is depressurized. Neon causes the zeolite to remain crystalline, otherwise at pressure of 20 GPa it would have collapsed and become amorphous.
Silica glass also absorbs neon under pressure. At 4 GPa there are 7 atoms of neon per nm3.
Ions
Ionic molecules can include neon, such as the clusters where m goes from 1 to 7 and n from 1 to over 20. HeNe+ (helium neide) has a relatively strong covalent bond. The charge is distributed across both atoms.
When metals are evaporated into a thin gas of hydrogen and neon in a strong electric field, ions are formed that are called neides. Ions observed include TiNe+, TiH2Ne+, ZnNe2+, ZrNe2+, NbNe2+, NbHNe2+, MoNe2+, RhNe2+, PdNe+, TaNe3+, WNe2+, WNe3+, ReNe3+, IrNe2+, AuNe+ (possible).
SiF2Ne2+ can be made from neon and using mass spectrometer technology. SiF2Ne2+ has a bond from neon to silicon. has a very weak bond to fluorine and a high electron affinity.
NeCCH+, a substituted acetylene, is predicted to be energetically stable by 5.9 kcal/mol, one of the most stable organic ions.
A neon containing molecular anion was unknown for a long time. In 2020 the observation of the molecular anion [B12(CN)11Ne]− was reported. The vacant boron in the anions [B12(CN)11]− is very electrophilic and is able to bind the neon. [B12(CN)11Ne]− was found to be stable up to 50 K and lies significantly above the Ne condensation temperature of 25 K. This temperature is remarkably high and indicates a weak chemical interaction.
Ionic clusters
Metal ions can attract multiple neon atoms to form clusters. The shape of the cluster molecules is determined by repulsion between neon atoms and d-orbital electrons from the metal atom. For copper, neonides are known with numbers of neon atoms up to 24, Cu+Ne1-24. Cu+Ne4 and Cu+Ne12 have much greater numbers than those with higher number of neon atoms.
Cu+Ne2 is predicted to be linear. Cu+Ne3 is predicted to be planar T shaped with an Ne-Cu-Ne angle of 91°. Cu+Ne4 is predicted to be square planar (not tetrahedral) with D4h symmetry. For alkali and alkaline earth metals the M+Ne4 cluster is tetrahedral. Cu+Ne5 is predicted to have a square pyramid shape. Cu+Ne6 has a seriously distorted octahedral shape. Cu+Ne12 has an icosahedral shape. Anything beyond that is less stable, with extra neon atoms having to make an extra shell of atoms around an icosahedral core.
Neonium
The ion NeH+ formed by protonating neon, is called neonium. It is produced in an AC electric discharge through a mixture of neon and hydrogen with more produced when neon outnumbers hydrogen molecules by 36:1. The dipole moment is 3.004 D.
Neonium is also formed by excited dihydrogen cation reacting with neon: Ne + H2+* → NeH+ + H
The infrared spectrum around 3μm has also been measured.
Excimers
The molecule exists in an excited state in an excimer lamp using a microhollow cathode. This emits strongly in the vacuum ultraviolet between 75 and 90 nm with a peak at 83 nm. There is a problem in that there is no window material suitable to transmit these short wavelengths, so it must be used in a vacuum. If about one part in a thousand of hydrogen gas is included, most of the energy is transferred to hydrogen atoms and there is a strong monochromatic Lyman alpha emission at 121.567 nm.
Cesium can form excimer molecules with neon CsNe*.
A hydrogen-neon excimer is known to exist. Fluorescence was observed by Möller due to bound free transition in a Rydberg molecule of NeH*. NeH is metastable and its existence was proved by mass spectroscopy in which the NeH+ ion is neutralized and then reionized.
The spectrum of NeH includes lines at 1.81, 1.60 and 1.46 eV, with a small band at 1.57 eV
The bondlength in NeH is calculated as 1.003 Å.
A helium neon excimer can be found in a mixed plasma or helium and neon.
Some other excimers can be found in solid neon, including which has a luminescence peaking around 11.65 eV, or luminescing around 10.16–10.37 eV and 8.55 eV.
Minerals
Bokiy's crystallochemical classification of minerals included "compounds of neon" as type 82. However, no such minerals were known.
Predicted compounds
Analogously to the known ArBeO and the predicted HeBeO (beryllium oxide noble gas adducts), NeBeO is expected to exist, albeit with a very weak bond dissociation energy of 9 kJ/mol. The bond is enhanced by a dipole-induced positive charge on beryllium, and a vacancy in the σ orbital on beryllium where it faces the neon.
References
Chemical compounds by element
Compounds
Noble gas compounds
Ransweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Meyhem Lauren (born May 14, 1983) is an American rapper from Queens, New York. He is a founding member of the Smart Crew collective. He has collaborated with the likes of DJ Muggs, Alchemist, and Harry Fraud. He stars in Fuck, That's Delicious with Action Bronson, Alchemist, and Big Body Bes.
Career
In 2007, Meyhem Lauren released a collaborative album with J-Love, titled Acknowledge Greatness. In 2010, he released "Got the Fever", a tribute song to graffiti culture. It was included on Complexs "25 Best Songs About Graffiti" list in 2012. The music video for the song has received a million views on YouTube.
Meyhem Lauren's debut solo album, titled Self Induced Illness, was released in 2011. In 2012, he released Respect the Fly Shit. It was included on Spins "40 Best Hip-Hop Albums of 2012" list. In that year, he also released Mandatory Brunch Meetings. In 2014, he released a collaborative album with Buckwild, titled Silk Pyramids. It was included on The Village Voices "10 Best New York City Rap Albums of 2014" list. In 2016, he released Piatto D'oro. In 2017, he released a collaborative album with DJ Muggs, titled Gems from the Equinox. In 2018, he released Glass, which was entirely produced by Harry Fraud. In 2022, he released a collaborative album with Daringer, titled Black Vladimir.
Discography
Studio albums
Acknowledge Greatness (2007)
Self Induced Illness (2011)
Respect the Fly Shit (2012)
Mandatory Brunch Meetings (2012)
Silk Pyramids (2014)
Piatto D'oro (2016)
Gems from the Equinox (2017)
Black Vladimir (2022)
EPs
Raw Cashmere (2013)
More Cashmere (2015)
Frozen Angels (2018)
Glass (2018)
Extra Glass (2018)
Nickel Plated Wordplay (2019)
Members Only (2019)
Glass 2.0 (2020)
Singles
"Got the Fever" (2010)
"Money in My Pocket" (2015)
"Badmon Ting" (2016)
"Still Playing Celo" (2019)
Filmography
Television series
Fuck, That's Delicious (2016–present)
References
External links
Living people
1983 births
African-American male rappers
People from Queens, New York
Rappers from New York City
American male rappers
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Weightless EP is the first release under the name Stillman by the singer-songwriter Chaz Craik.
Recording
The EP was performed and recorded in Craik's home studio with the exception of the drums played by Ben Townsend at an unknown studio. Craik took the edited audio files to Propagation House, Holsworthy, Devon where he oversaw the mixing and mastering of the EP. Upon return to London he decided the mastering process had overly-flattened the music's dynamics and remastered the mixes himself.
Cover art
The cover art was done by Craik himself and features an early version of what become the Stillman logo, namely the stick figure in the circle. Craik has said that it originally represented a magnifying glass focused on a person falling off the edge off the world, a theme from the lyrics of the title track. The image seemed to strike a chord with listeners of the album and it was variously interpreted as a man floating in a bubble or even grown in a petri dish. Craik adopted it as the logo and after this EP the hand-drawn version appears on the covers of all his subsequent releases in some form.
Reception
The EP was chosen as single of the week by Planet Sound, at that time Channel 4 teletext's music zine. They said, "Very, very few singer-songwriter albums that get released induce so many shivers. It's as if Elliot Smith and Tom McRae got together to make the music they can't quite do on their own. Think that's hyperbole? Get a copy and prove us wrong."
It was given overwhelmingly positive reviews by a variety of webzines and fanzines. Losing Today said it was "able to conjure peaks of sublime melodic textures from thin air..to walk from this unaffected is to not love music at all", while The Beat Surrender wrote, "His vocals are magnificently rich, floating over the eclectic instrumentation..Magnificent stuff and hopefully its a taster for a full length effort further down the line." Diskant wrote that it "put me in mind of the cracked poetry of a post-Britpop Paul Simon, ‘The Weightless EP' is a truly special record."
Track listing
References
2004 debut EPs
Stillman albums
Theodore Gary Carlstan Vassell (born 2 January 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for club Salford City.
He joined Oldham Athletic after leaving the Academy at Stoke City in 2015, and had a youth loan with Chorley early the following year. He signed with Walsall in July 2016, and spent the 2016–17 season on loan at Chester. He joined Gateshead in July 2017, before returning to the English Football League with Port Vale in July 2018. He moved on to Macclesfield Town in July 2019 and dropped back into the National League to join Wrexham for the 2020–21 season. He signed a short-term deal with Salford City in November 2021.
Playing career
Early career
Vassell grew up in Stoke-on-Trent and played Ladsandads football for Hanley Town, before joining the Academy at Stoke City at the age of nine. Originally a forward, he later became a defender and was given a two-year scholarship contract in 2013. He had a trial at Oldham Athletic in October 2015 and was given a one-year contract with the option of a second. Upon joining the "Latics", manager David Dunn said that "he is really athletic, only 18 and definitely one for the future". On 26 February 2016, he joined National League North side Chorley on a one-month youth loan. He left Boundary Park after being released by new manager John Sheridan in May 2016.
On 8 July 2016, he signed a one-year contract with Walsall, with the option for a second. He had worked with youth-team coach Dean Holden at previous club Oldham. Upon signing him at Walsall, manager Jon Whitney said that "he's quite old school. He just wanted to defend first and foremost, and then work on the technical side. He's one for the future". Four days later he joined National League side Chester on loan until January 2017, alongside "Saddlers" teammate Liam Roberts. He made his first-team debut on 6 August, during a 3–0 defeat to Gateshead at the Gateshead International Stadium. On 16 August, he scored his first goal in senior football during a 3–2 defeat at Barrow. He missed two months of action after suffering an injury at Macclesfield Town in October. He helped the "Blues" to keep 10 clean sheets during his first 16 league appearances of the 2016–17 season and manager Jon McCarthy was keen to extend the loan deal further, which he managed to do after short time back at Walsall in January. He played a total of 32 games as the "Seals" posted a 19th-place finish in the National League, but was told by Whitney that he would not be retained upon his return to the Bescot Stadium in May 2017.
He signed a one-year deal with Gateshead in July 2017 after impressing on a trial basis. On 23 September, he was sent off ten minutes into a 2–2 draw at Maidstone United following a foul on winger Zavon Hines. The "Heed" unsuccessfully appealed the decision, and manager Neil Aspin said that the decision to reject the appeal was "extremely disappointing" as "I've been in football 36 years and that is one of the worst red cards I've ever seen". Vassell went on to make 41 appearances for the "Tynesiders", scoring three goals, as the club posted a 17th-place finish under the stewardship of Steve Watson.
Port Vale
On 28 June 2018, Vassell won a move to the English Football League when he signed a one-year professional contract with EFL League Two side Port Vale, who were managed by his former Gateshead manager Neil Aspin. He made his debut in the EFL Cup on 14 August, in a 4–0 defeat to Lincoln City at Vale Park, though he entered the game as an 85th-minute substitute for Cristian Montaño with the "Valiants" already four goals down. He had to wait until the opening EFL Trophy group stage game of the campaign on 9 October for his next appearance, though he featured from the start in the 1–0 victory over EFL League One opponents Burton Albion and Aspin said after the game that his performance gave him cause considering him for league fixtures. He enjoyed a run of games at left wing-back in the absence of Montaño, and was praised for his performances by captain Tom Pope. However new Vale manager John Askey confirmed that he would not be offering Vassell a new contract on 16 May.
Macclesfield Town
On 18 July 2019, Vassell joined League Two club Macclesfield Town on a one-year deal. On 1 February 2020, it was announced that he was one of three players to have left Macclesfield during the January 2020 transfer window, following a meeting with the English Football League. He followed former Macclesfield manager Sol Campbell to sign a contract with Southend United, but the deal was unable to be completed after Southend were hit with a transfer embargo.
Wrexham
On 27 August 2020, Vassell signed for National League club Wrexham on a one-year deal. Manager Dean Keates said that Vassell would learn a lot playing next to club captain Shaun Pearson in defence. Vassell played 32 games in the 2020–21 campaign, scoring four goals, and was released upon the expiry of his contract.
Salford City
On 12 November 2021, Vassell signed a short-term deal with League Two side Salford Cities after having trained with the club for several months and recovering from tendonitis. He made his debut for the club on 20 November as a last minute substitute in a 2–0 win at Harrogate Town. He made 24 starts and three substitute appearances under Gary Bowyer in the 2021–22 campaign. In May 2022, Vassell signed a new two-year contract, saying he felt settled at the club.
Style of play
A defender, Vassell plays primarily as a centre-back, but can also play as a full-back.
Career statistics
References
1997 births
Living people
Footballers from Stoke-on-Trent
English footballers
Association football defenders
Hanley Town F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Chorley F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
Chester F.C. players
Gateshead F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Macclesfield Town F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Salford City F.C. players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
Hole Rock () is the largest of several rocks lying close north of North Foreland, the northeastly cape of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands. It was charted in 1937 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery II and so named because a conspicuous hole extends through it.
References
Rock formations of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Back to Mono (1958–1969) is a box set that compiles tracks produced by American record producer Phil Spector between 1958 to 1969. It was released in 1991 by ABKCO. Initially a vinyl album-sized package, the box contained a booklet with photographs, complete song lyrics, discographical information, and a reproduction of the essay on Spector by Tom Wolfe, "The First Tycoon of Teen." The package also contained a small, round, red "Back to Mono" pin.
Content
Back to Mono surveys recordings leading up to and featuring the Wall of Sound, Spector's famed production trademark. Starting with "He's A Rebel" on disc one, through "I'll Never Need More Than This" and including disc four, all of the musical arrangements are by Jack Nitzsche. The list of musicians contributing to the tracks number in the hundreds, but prominent among them are Brian Wilson, Hal Blaine, Sonny Bono, Red Callender, Glen Campbell, Al DeLory, Steve Douglas, Jim Gordon, Jim Horn, Carol Kaye, Barney Kessel, Larry Knechtel, Jay Migliori, Ray Pohlman, Don Randi, Lyle Ritz, Billy Strange, Tommy Tedesco, Bill Pitman, and Nino Tempo.
The set collects every single produced by Spector and issued on the Philles label, with the exception of Philles 132, "White Cliffs of Dover" by The Righteous Brothers, which did not chart. Of the catalogue items Philles 100 through 136, the set omits: Philles 101, 103, and 104, produced by Spector's early business partner and label namesake, Lester Sill; Philles 133, produced by Jeff Barry, although its B-side produced by Spector, "When I Saw You," does appear; and Philles 134, produced by Bob Crewe. Philles 105, withdrawn initially in 1962 owing to its controversial subject matter, has also been included. Both "Walking in the Rain" by The Ronettes and "Stumble and Fall" by Darlene Love are listed in most discographies, including the box booklet, as Philles 123. The single "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)," initially released in 1963 as Philles 119, was re-released the following year as Philles 125 with a different B-side, and did not chart either year. Philles 134 through 136 were not released in the United States; however, there are DJ promo pressings of 136.
In addition to the Philles singles catalogue, the first three discs present Spector productions for other labels, various unreleased material, and two album tracks from Presenting the Fabulous Ronettes featuring Veronica, Philles 4006, and one from River Deep - Mountain High, London HAU 8298 (unreleased Philles 4011). Spector created additional imprints for specific projects, such as the Phil Spector label to promote the solo career of Veronica "Ronnie" Bennett of the Ronettes, the future Mrs. Spector. Some of those items also appear on these discs.
The fourth disc contains the entirety of the holiday album released on the same day as the JFK assassination, A Christmas Gift for You, purportedly the only long-playing album from his Philles heyday that Spector worked on with the same intensity that he generally lavished on the singles. It peaked at #13 on the Christmas Albums chart in 1963, although a reissue in 1972 went to #6.
In 2003, the album was ranked #64 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time (#65 on revised 2012 list and #489 on the revised 2020 list). With the exception of an anthology of his productions for the girl group the Paris Sisters, Back to Mono represents the totality of Spector's singles from this period in print, as of Spring, 2007.
Track listing
All selections produced by Phil Spector, except "Spanish Harlem" produced by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller
Disc One
Disc Two
Disc Three
Disc Four: A Christmas Gift for You
Initially released as Philles 4005, November 22, 1963
Certifications
References
1991 compilation albums
Phil Spector
ABKCO Records compilation albums
Albums produced by Phil Spector
Albums recorded at Gold Star Studios
Zeke is a masculine given name or nickname.
Zeke may also refer to:
Zeke, Allied code name for the Mitsubishi A6M Zero Japanese World War II fighter
Tropical Storm Zeke, two typhoons and a tropical storm, all in the early 1990s
Zeke (band), American hardcore punk band
Zeke, Burkina Faso, a village
Zero electron kinetic energy spectroscopy, a form of high resolution photoelectron spectroscopy
Zeke, the artificial intelligence agent in development by Hub Culture
See also
Big Zeke, a ring name for professional wrestler Ezekiel Jackson
Mark A. Kellner (born July 17, 1957), is a journalist living in Mesquite, Nevada. He is currently the Faith & Family reporter for The Washington Times, having previously been a freelance contributor there.
From February 2014 to September 2015 he was a national reporter for the Deseret News, and has written about issues of faith and freedom since 1983.
From March 11, 1991 to January 18, 2013, he wrote 1,200 weekly and, for about 18 months, semi-weekly technology columns for The Washington Times. His religion news column, "Higher Ground," debuted on January 25, 2013, and covered religion news and trends. It concluded one year later when Mark went to the Deseret News.
Mark has contributed numerous news articles to Religion News Service, and was a ten-year news contributor to Christianity Today magazine.
From 2007 to 2014, he served as News Editor for Adventist Review and Adventist World magazines, publications of the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Previously, Mark served the Adventist headquarters as Assistant Director for News and Information, running the weekly e-mail and online Adventist News Network.
Mark was a 15-month contributor to the Los Angeles Times beginning in 2000 and published 61 articles there. He has also been published on The Wall Street Journals "Taste" page and the op-ed pages of the Detroit News and The Christian Science Monitor, among other newspapers. He was editor-in-chief of PC Portables magazine, a staff writer for Government Computer News, Federal Computer Week, Defense News and Unix Today. Mark has written and published three books, including one in the "For Dummies" series and "God on the Internet."
He is a 1975 graduate of Rhodes Preparatory School in New York City, and an alumnus of the Boston University College of Communication. In 2022, Mark earned an Associate of Applied Science degree in Mass Communications from the University of the Cumberlands and is currently enrolled in a B.A. program at Southern Utah University.
References
External links
1957 births
American male journalists
Living people
Los Angeles Times people
People from Fulton, Maryland
Boston University College of Communication alumni
Deseret News people
The Washington Times people
Wulan is a county in Qinghai, China.
Wulan may also refer to:
Wulan (TV series), a 2006–2007 Indonesian soap opera television series
Wulan (Javanese calendar), month in Javanese calendar
Ulan (politician) or Wulan, Chinese politician
See also
Ulan (disambiguation)
Ulaan (disambiguation), Mongolian word for red
Martin Karlsson may refer to:
Martin Karlsson (ice hockey, born 1952), Swedish ice hockey player and head coach
Martin Karlsson (ice hockey, born 1991), Swedish ice hockey player
Martin Karlsson (ice hockey, born 1996), Swedish ice hockey player
Gastrocopta pellucida is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the vertigo snails.
Subspecies
Subspecies within this species include:
Gastrocopta pellucida hordeacella (Pilsbry)
Gastrocopta pellucida parvidens (MacMillan, 1946) - slim snaggletooth
References
Vertiginidae
Gastropods described in 1840
Japan national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Japan that represents the team in international competitions. The team has been active in recent years, and was ranked 16th in the world in 2016. At the 2015 IFCPF World Championships, they finished fifteenth. At the 2014 Asian Para Games, they finished second. Japan has never competed at the Paralympic Games.
Background
Japan Cerebral Palsy Football Association is in charge of managing the national team. While Japan was active in participating in the IFCPF World Championships by 2016, the country did not have a national championship to support national team player development.
National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015.
In 2016, after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency (WADA), the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing. This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS. Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool, players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio.
Ranking
Japan was ranked sixteenth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. The team is also ranked third regionally in Asia-Oceania. Japan was ranked thirteenth in July 2011, September 2012 and November 2014. In August 2013,Japan was ranked fourteenth.
Results
The country has never participated in a Paralympic Games since the sport made its debut at the 1984 Games. Japan has participated in a number of international tournaments. Japan finished second at the 2014 Asian Para Games after losing 0 - 5 to Iran in the final.
The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Canada, Portugal, Iran, Northern Ireland, Australia, Venezuela, Republic of South Korea, Germany, Denmark, and Spain.
IFCPF World Championships
Japan has participated in the IFCPF World Championships.
References
Cerebral Palsy
Japan at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Home for Christmas is the first Christmas album by Canadian country music singer George Canyon.
Track listing
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer (Johnny Marks) – 2:05
Blue Christmas (Billy Hayes/Jay W. Johnson) – 4:08
Away in a Manger (Traditional) – 3:21
Frosty the Snowman (Walter E. "Jack" Rollins/Steve Nelson) – 3:13
What Child Is This? (William Chatterton Dix) – 2:48
Silent Night (Franz Gruber/Josef Mohr) – 4:18
Santa's On His Way – 2:35
George Canyon albums
2005 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by Canadian artists
Country Christmas albums
John George Bucha (January 22, 1925 – April 28, 1996) was an American professional baseball player whose 18-year career included 84 games in Major League Baseball (MLB) over three seasons. A catcher and native of Allentown, Pennsylvania, Bucha appeared in only two games for the St. Louis Cardinals, but was a full-year member of the Redbirds (getting into 22 games) and the Detroit Tigers (appearing in 60 contests). He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Bucha's playing career lasted from 1943 through 1960. He joined the Cardinals' organization as an 18-year-old, playing for his hometown Allentown Wings of the Class B Interstate League. His minor league career would see him play in over 1,400 games, including over 1,000 games in Triple-A. At the MLB level, Bucha collected 40 hits, including ten doubles and one home run, in 195 career at bats. His home run came on September 9, 1953, against pitcher Harry Byrd at Connie Mack Stadium, as Bucha's Tigers defeated the Philadelphia Athletics, 8–2.
Bucha began 1954 with the Tigers' Triple-A affiliate, the Buffalo Bisons, but on June 9 he was traded to the Brooklyn Dodgers, along with Chuck Kress and Ernie Nevel, in exchange for Wayne Belardi. Bucha remained at the Triple-A level for the rest of his baseball career.
References
External links
1925 births
1996 deaths
Allentown Cardinals players
Allentown Wings players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Columbus Red Birds players
Detroit Tigers players
Houston Buffaloes players
Major League Baseball catchers
Miami Marlins (IL) players
Montreal Royals players
Omaha Cardinals players
Rochester Red Wings players
St. Louis Cardinals players
St. Paul Saints (AA) players
San Diego Padres (minor league) players
Sportspeople from Allentown, Pennsylvania
The 2006 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the twelfth recorded season of top-flight football in Bhutan. The league was won by Transport United, their third title in a row and only the second time a team had achieved such a hat trick since Druk Pol in 1998.
Transport United qualified for the 2007 AFC President's Cup.
References
Bhutan A-Division seasons
Bhutan
Bhutan
1
"Lag Jaa Gale" () is a Hindi song with music by Madan Mohan Kohli and lyrics by Raja Mehdi Ali Khan, written for the 1964 Bollywood film Woh Kaun Thi? under the music label Saregama. On the screen, the song was performed by the film's star Sadhana, though actually sung by playback singer Lata Mangeshkar.
In Indian musical tradition
The music is set in Raga Pahari. The song is an example of Dadra songs.
"Lag Jaa Gale" since 1964
Lata Mangeshkar's career spanned more than 70 years (starting in 1942) recording thousands of songs. This iconic song is regarded to be one of songs by which Lata Mangeshkar is remembered. Lata herself considered this song to be among her top six favourite songs in 2016 and among her favourite 20 in 2012.
In 2014, on the fiftieth anniversary of the song, she tweeted: "" ("This year the song 'Lag ja gale ke phir ye hasee'n raat' is 50 years old, but it is so sweet, it does not feel old at all") The singer Amit Mishra claims that "My favourite song by Lata ji is 'Lag Ja Gale' and I can hear it a million times on repeat mode"
Lyrics
In the song, the singer expresses that this evening may the last time she will see her beloved.
Below, the song is transcribed in Devanagari (Hindi), Nastaʿlīq (Urdu) and English
"" refers to embracing such that the necks touch, it can apply to two persons of the same sex as well.
The song expresses profound sadness on the impending partition, which is perhaps final. The Hindi expression "" implies that it may or may not happen in future. In Hinduism, death is the parting for this life. The parting, although expresses separation of two lovers in the movie, can also mean death in the Indian context. Some individuals remember having sung this song for the dying grandmother. Others member a close relative, with impending death due to cancer, dancing her last dance with this song. It is sometimes sung at Indian funerals.
It is also considered to be an iconic song composed by Madan Mohan.
In popular culture
It is said that for the movie Woh Kaun Thi, the song was originally rejected by the movie director. He decided to include it when he heard it the second time.
When the former star Sadhana died in 2015, she was often recalled by referring to her as the actress of this song.
The actor Irrfan Khan, who died on 29 April 2020 after a battle with cancer, used to listen to this song during his last days.
Renditions
In 1966, two movies used the song: in the Tamil movie Yaar Née?, it is rendered as "", and in the Telugu movie Aame Evaru? it is rendered as "".
In 1968, Shipra Bose rendered a Bengali version of the same song, "Shongi je ke e monke amar aaj dolalo". The song was penned in Bengali by Miltu Ghosh.
The singer Shreya Ghoshal performed the song in concert several times in the 2010s.
Its rendition by the band Sanam has been so popular that some teenagers think they originally sang it. It has also been sung by several singers in Pakistan. The film Kedarnath, starring Sushant Singh Rajput, who died on 14 June 2020, features a rendition by Sanam's singer Sanam Puri.
A rendition of the song sung by Jonita Gandhi featured in 2018 film Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster 3.
Remembered after Lata Mangeshkar's Death
The song was widely remembered after Lata's death. Bollywood actor Salman Khan tearfully sang the few lines of the song and shared it with social media. About 40 young Pakistani musicians recorded their rendering as a tribute. Malayalam composer Kailas Menon said that ‘Lag Ja Gale' is one of the best recordings in Indian cinema. Pakistan's Geo News mentioning Sufi singer Abida Parveen's tribute called Lata "The Lag Jaa Gale singer". Israel's Liora Itzhak in her tribute recalled "Lag jaa gale" as the first song she remembered. The song was also recalled by Pakistani actor Mahira Khan
References
Hindi film songs
Hindi songs
Indian songs
Number-one singles in India
1964 songs
Lata Mangeshkar songs
Shreya Ghoshal songs
Jakub Prüher (born January 2, 1968, in České Budějovice) is a Czechoslovak-Czech slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s. He finished 29th in the C1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1968 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Czechoslovak male canoeists
Czech male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Czechoslovakia
Sportspeople from České Budějovice
In cryptography, Mercy is a tweakable block cipher designed by Paul Crowley for disk encryption.
The block size is 4096 bits—unusually large for a block cipher, but a standard disk sector size. Mercy uses a 128-bit secret key, along with a 128-bit non-secret tweak for each block. In disk encryption, the sector number would be used as a tweak. Mercy uses a 6-round Feistel network structure with partial key whitening. The round function uses a key-dependent state machine which borrows some structure from the stream cipher WAKE, with key-dependent S-boxes based on the Nyberg S-boxes also used in AES.
Scott Fluhrer has discovered a differential attack that works against the full 6 rounds of Mercy. This attack can even be extended to a seven-round variant.
References
Broken block ciphers
Feistel ciphers
Eilema birketsmithi is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1977. It is found in Ethiopia.
References
birketsmithi
Moths described in 1977
"The Nanny" is the self-titled pilot episode of the CBS television sitcom The Nanny. It was filmed in 1993 at Culver Studios on 9336 W. Washington Blvd. in Culver City, California. Picked up by CBS shortly after, the show would go on to produce 145 more episodes, ending its successful primetime run in 1999.
Cast and characters
Plot outline
After loud-mouthed Fran Fine is jilted by Danny, her husband-to-be and boss, she makes money by selling cosmetics door-to-door. One door happens to belong to Maxwell Sheffield, a Broadway producer who happens to need a nanny for his three children. Fran jumps at the chance. Hardly impressing Mr. Sheffield or his particularly obnoxious, smart-mouthed son Brighton, it seems the only one who enjoys Fran is Niles, the butler. Mr. Sheffield is still considering Fran until she proves to be too far beneath his class, writing her resume in red lipstick and answering the home phone for him. Just as Fran is about to leave, Mr. Sheffield hears that the nanny agency won't be able to send a nanny to the Sheffield home until after that weekend. At this night, Mr. Sheffield reluctantly hires Fran to take care of his children.
In the morning, Fran again fails to impress when she comes to breakfast in a bathrobe and slippers, while everyone else is fully dressed and prepared for their day. Fran hears about a backer's party Mr. Sheffield is hosting to fundraise for his production, and is excited to go along with the children—until they inform her that they, along with the nanny, are not invited. Fran ignores this and takes the kids to Danny's bridal shop where we meet Val, Fran's best friend. Fran states that she has a lot of work to do with the kids: Brighton's attitude, Gracie's mental health, and Maggie's lack of personality.
That evening, Fran, dressed in a loud, shimmering red dress in contrast to the other guests' drab colors, comes downstairs to join the party. She meets C.C., who is not at all impressed with the new nanny. Mr. Sheffield, informing her that she and the children are not invited, quickly tries to usher her back upstairs—but not before the children come down, all dressed up and ready to join the festivities. Mr. Sheffield, surprised at how much Maggie "looks like her mother" when she is all dolled up, reluctantly agrees to allow them and Fran to stay. Their presence proves to be a hit with the guests and the party is a success, garnering Sheffield Productions multiple five-figure checks.
Mr. Sheffield hurries to his office to put away the final check of the evening, where he finds Maggie out on the balcony, engaging in her first kiss with one of the waiters from the party. Shocked and upset, Mr. Sheffield yells at them both and the waiter hurries out of the house, leaving Maggie in tears. Mr. Sheffield grounds her and sends her upstairs, angering Fran who states that Maggie should be excited about what is a very memorable evening, instead of crying. An argument between the two ensues and ends with Fran being fired.
Back at her mother's home, Fran is surprised to find Mr. Sheffield at the door, having been influenced by Niles to get Fran back. Mr. Sheffield proposes that they try and respect each other's differences before offering to give it another go. Fran, realizing that she is being re-hired, excitedly tells her mother of the news, who just-as-excitedly gets the camera ready as Fran jumps up and hugs the surprised Mr. Sheffield for a candid shot.
Additional notes
An original bridal shop scene was filmed but reshot months later because it didn't fully explain the breakup between Fran Fine and Danny Imperalli. Also an additional scene (before Fran arrives at the Sheffield Mansion) that introduces Maxwell Sheffield, C. C. Babcock and Niles the Butler was filmed, but excluded in the final product.
An original low-budget opening credits was shot featuring the song "If My Friends Could See Me Now", performed by Gwen Verdon from the 1966 Broadway musical Sweet Charity, and involved featured Fran against a white background getting ready to go to work as the nanny.
Most of the set designs in this episode were different than the ones used for the rest of the series.
COVID-19 Table read
On 6 April 2020, the cast all reunited and isolated from their homes, performing a table read of the pilot episode and it aired on YouTube, produced by Sony Pictures Entertainment.
See also
List of The Nanny episodes
External links
1993 American television episodes
American television series premieres
The Nanny
Gordon Stanley Cottington (2 April 1911 – 7 June 1996) was a Scottish rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s and 1940s. He played representative level rugby union for , and at club level for Kelso RFC, as a hooker, and club level rugby league for Castleford, as a .
Background
Cottington was born in Kelso, Scottish Borders. He died aged 85 in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Playing career
Rugby union
Cottington won caps for (RU) in 1934 against Ireland, and England, in 1935 against Wales, and Ireland, and in 1936 against England.
Rugby league
Cottington switched codes in 1936 to join rugby league side Castleford. He played in Castleford's victory in the Yorkshire County League during the 1938–39 season.
See also
List of Scotland national rugby union players
List of Scotland national rugby league team players
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
External links
Search for "Cottington" at rugbyleagueproject.org
1911 births
1996 deaths
Castleford Tigers players
Footballers who switched code
Kelso RFC players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Kelso
Rugby union hookers
Rugby union players from Kelso
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby league players
Scottish rugby union players
The Parching Winds of Somalia (1984) is a documentary film produced by Charles Geshekter.
Subject matter
The film provides a close look at how the nomadic inhabitants of Somalia have withstood the ravages of a harsh desert environment and the encroachment of European imperial forces by synthesizing knowledge of the past, Muslim practices, and skillful livestock management in a successful fusion of traditional values with modern techniques.
Form
The Parching Winds of Somalia features extensive location footage in Somalia, historical photographs, interviews, and contemporary Somali music.
Other
The film is rated ages 14 and up in the United States. It was released on video in 1993 by PBS Video VHS.
References
Sources
1984 documentary films
1984 films
English-language Somalian films
Somalian documentary films
1980s English-language films
Imma albotaeniana is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Christian Johannes Amandus Sauber in 1901. It is found on Java and the Philippines.
References
Moths described in 1901
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Peace is an album recorded by composer and vibraphonist Walt Dickerson in 1975 for the SteepleChase label.
Reception
Allmusic gave the album 3 stars.
Track listing
All compositions by Walt Dickerson.
"Universal Peace" – 17:47
"Chant of Peace" – 28:10
"Warm Up" – 3:18 Bonus track on CD reissue
Personnel
Walt Dickerson – vibraphone
Lisle Atkinson – bass
Andrew Cyrille – drums
References
1976 albums
Walt Dickerson albums
SteepleChase Records albums
Lipe can refer to the following places:
Ko Lipe, an island and resort in Thailand
Lipe, Greater Poland Voivodeship, a village in Poland
Lipe, Ljubljana, a village in the City Municipality of Ljubljana, Slovenia
Lipe Trzecie, a village in Poland
Lipe (Smederevo), a village near Smederevo, Serbia
Lipe (Žagubica), a village near Žagubica, Serbia
Bologna Airport near Bologna, Italy. ICAO code: LIPE
See also
Lipophilic efficiency (LiPE), a parameter used in medicinal chemistry
Naseer & Shahab () is a Pakistani soft alternative rock band from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Formed in 2010, the band rose to stardom with their debut single "Za Pukhtoon Yam". The band is a duo of Naseer Afridi, who is a lead vocalist, musician and songwriter, and Shahab Qamar, a producer, director and web designer. Naseer & Shahab release singles independently, in mainly Pashtu language, propelled to international success by social media, Naseer & Shahab's four singles "Za Pukhtoon Yam" (2012), "Za Sta Pashan Na Yam" (2012), "Meray Yaar" (2012) and "Ghalti Mein Shta" (2014), tops many charts and made them most influential and first Pashtu rock band of Pakistan.
For their work, they have received a nomination of Best Radio Rock Band at Radio 91 Awards, Best Emerging Band at 12th Lux Style Awards. For "Ghalti Mein Shta" duo received two nominations including Best Music Video and Best Music Single with the former winning for Shahab.
History
2010–2015: Za Pakhtoon Yam and Ghalti Mein Shta
In 2010, Qamar Shahab and Naseer Afridi both met online through Facebook, having an origin of Pakhtoon ethnicity. Qamar resides in Australia while Naseer lives in ISB. However they came across and recorded their first two single through internet, "Rise on Your Broken Knees" and "Za Pakhtoon Yam", in an interview Naseer stated, "For our first two songs, "Rise on Your Broken Knees" and "Za Pakhtoon Yam", Shahab used to send me his music. After that, I would record my vocals on it and send it back to him. That's how we started." Among their first two singles duo release 'Rise on Your Broken Knees' first which wasn't a hit and did below the average at topping charts, however this gives the duo enough recognition so they would upload their second release. Overwhelming response from the audience led the artist to eventually meet and work on their second single for a better music video and re-release of the "Za Pakhtoon Yam", for the video the maximum shot was done in Peshawar, while the rest was shot in Karachi. The song is entirely sung in Pashtu language, giving an inspirational message about Pakhtuns, according to the duo it's about giving them their identity, speaking about song Naseer explained, "The song is thematic. The reason why we recorded it in the first place was not only because we wanted Pakhtuns to relate to it but also to encourage like-minded Pakhtuns to celebrate their identity."
Success of "Za Pakhtoon Yam", established the duo as a music band in the industry, cherishing the success Qamar says, "The most exciting part is the non-Pakhtuns coming in and expressed their genuine feelings and I think that is our biggest achievement to date", while Naseer who penned down the song summarize, "I have tried my best to put the true Pashto identity in a compressed form in these verses. We have had so much peace loving people in our cultural history but sadly we never promote them. People aren't even aware of the fact that musician Haroon Bacha was threatened by conservative parties that he would be banished from Pakistan if it doesn't stop making music in K-P."
After the success of "Za Pakhtoon Yam", the duo released "Za Sata Pashan Nayam" (I am not like you), which added further acclaim to their success which leads them to national success earning widespread acclaim. The duo sung this song in the seventh installment of Pakistani music series Coke Studio, in the series finale episode It was well received by critics, earning critical acclaim, song was declared as a hit and was among the Top 10 songs of 2014. In 2012 duo released their first Urdu single "Meray yaar", song was also a major hit and duo gets it first nomination at 12th Lux Style Awards as a Best Emerging Band. The duo then digitally released single called "Pakistan" on their official Facebook page.
In 2013, duo released their fifth single "Ghalti Mein Shta" (It is my fault), which added further acclaim and was ranked on number ten in top songs of 2014. Song gets the duo two nominations at 3rd Hum Awards. The duo released their sixth single "Born a Dead Man" on April 13, 2015, for which they have earlier released a prologue and currently the band is working on their first studio album.
2016–present: Hero; and upcoming album
On January 26, 2016, duo announced on their facebook page about their sixth single "Hero" from their upcoming album to be released on February 5, 2016. In an interview with The Express Tribune, Naseer explained, “Our latest release is primarily a rock song infused with elements of electronic music and electro-rock,” shared Naseer. “The idea behind the track is for people to acknowledge that every person is the hero of their own story." Talking with same publication Sahab describe their experience for making the video visually aesthetic and strong animation, he said, "The main challenge was to learn most of the VFX from scratch, which involved spending hours watching tutorials for chroma key [green screen] and 3D, online,." Shahab said their influence behind "Hero" was "deep spaces, supernovas and alien landscapes". According to Shahab, ambient, spacey synths were the triggers behind the concept which took shape after discussions with band member Naseer Afridi saying, "I shared the initial draft with Naseer and asked what sort of emotion it stirred within him. He came back to me with a few paraphrased lyrical ideas which helped narrow down my visual approach,."
Music style and influences
The duo debut single "Rise on Your Broken Knees" (2011) predominantly a rock music record, containing elements of soft rock, alternative rock, pop rock, with hard rock and rock influences. Duo the greatest musical inspiration are generally rock and alternative, Naseer said in an interview, "We lean toward rock and I am heavily inspired by bands like Green Day, Blink 182, Alter Bridge and Evanescence. Strangely enough, we fused the non-conventional genre of rock with the Pashto language and somehow it worked." while, Qamar's inspirations includes U2, Nirvana and Coldplay, discussing his music interest, "We like mixing it up but most of our music is straight-up rock."
Members
The band has two members:
Naseer Afridi
He was born as Naseer Afridi, in KPK on 13 March 1991, is a lead vocalist, musician and songwriter. Afridi resides in Islamabad and did his graduation in Development studies from Bahria University. He mainly writes songs for the band and is the most active interactive member.
Shahab Qamar
Shahab born as Shahab Qamar on 13 September 1987, also belongs to KPK, is a producer, director and web designer. Qamar is an engineer and resides in Brisbane, Australia. He mainly produces, compose and direct the music videos for the band's discography.
Discography
Singles
"Pakistan"
"Rise on Your Broken Knees" (2011)
"Za Pukhtoon Yam" (2012)
"Za Sta Pashan Na Yam" (2012)
"Meray Yaar" (2012)
"Ghalti Mein Shta" (2014)
"Born a Dead Man" (2015)
"Hero" (Feb. 5, 2016)
Extras
"What I've done" (2013 Linkin Park cover)
"Za Na Manum " ft. Shayna & Sarmad Ghafoor
Filmography
Waar (2013) – Cameo appearance by Naseer Afridi.
Olpers Cream commercial (2012) - Lead by Naseer Afridi and Shahab Qamar
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Pakistani music bands
List of Pakistani musicians
References
External links
Naseer & Shahab at Taazi
Naseer & Shahab at SoundCloud
Naseer & Shahab at Band Page
Facebook profiles
2010 establishments in Pakistan
Musical groups established in 2010
Pakistani musical groups
Pakistani rock music groups
Musical groups from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
This is the Preliminary Round of the Copa Libertadores 2007 tournament. A total of 12 teams played in a two-legged round with 6 teams proceeding to the next round. Team 1 played the first leg at home. The away goals rule was employed in this round. The preliminary round was played between January 24 and February 7.
|}
Matches
First leg
Second Leg
Santos advanced on points 6–0.
Vélez Sarsfield advanced on points 4–2.
Deportivo Tolima advanced on points 4–1.
LDU Quito advanced on points 4–1.
Parana advanced on points 3–1.
América advanced on points 6–2.
References
RSSSF
Official Site Copa Libertadores
Preliminary Round
Carlos "Boogie" Basham Jr. (born December 16, 1997) is an American football defensive end for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Wake Forest, and was drafted by the Bills in the second round of the 2021 NFL Draft.
Early years
Basham attended Northside in Roanoke, Virginia. As a senior, he had 76 tackles and seven sacks. He committed to Wake Forest University to play college football.
College career
After redshirting his first year at Wake Forest in 2016, Basham played in all 13 games in 2017 and had 24 tackles. As a junior in 2018, he had 64 tackles and 4.5 sacks. Basham returned to Wake Forest as a starter in 2019. On December 21, 2019, Basham announced that he would resume his college stint for his senior season in 2020.
Professional career
Basham was selected by the Buffalo Bills in the second round (61st overall) of the 2021 NFL Draft. On May 12, 2021, Basham officially signed with the Bills.
On September 8, 2022, during the kickoff game at the Los Angeles Rams, Basham recorded his first ever career interception, a 21 yard pick from Matthew Stafford. This interception helped seal the game for the Bills as they won 31-10. Basham also recorded a sack on Stafford earlier in the night.
Personal life
Basham is the cousin of NFL defensive end Tarell Basham. He gained his nickname "Boogie" due to his fondness for dancing in his youth.
References
External links
Wake Forest Demon Deacons bio
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Roanoke, Virginia
Players of American football from Virginia
American football defensive ends
Wake Forest Demon Deacons football players
Buffalo Bills players
Three Women, also known as Die Frau, die Freundin und die Dirne, is a 1924 American silent drama film starring May McAvoy, Pauline Frederick, and Marie Prevost, directed by Ernst Lubitsch, and based on the novel Lillis Ehe by Yolande Maree (Iolanthe Mares).
Plot summary
Sleazy bon vivant Edmund Lamont continues to live the high life despite being up to his eyebrows in debt. He begins wooing wealthy socialite Mabel Wilton, conning her into giving him $100,000 to "invest" for her. Meanwhile, her daughter Jeanne unexpectedly arrives from private school, and when Lamont sees her, he promptly begins seeing her surreptitiously. Inevitably both women find out the deception, but the smitten Jeanne agrees to marry him anyway. True to form, Lamont starts seeing Harriet (the third woman of the title), leading to a night club brawl in which he's knocked out with a champagne bottle. He is taken home by Fred, newly-graduated from medical school, who is shocked to learn that Jeanne, his presumptive fiancee, is already married to the man he brought home. Things begin to escalate even more, culminating in a shooting death and a murder trial.
Cast
May McAvoy as Jeanne Wilton
Pauline Frederick as Mrs. Mabel Wilton
Marie Prevost as Harriet
Lew Cody as Edmund Lamont
Willard Louis as Harvey Craig
Pierre Gendron as Fred Armstrong
Mary Carr as His mother
Raymond McKee as Fred's friend
Max Davidson as The Jeweler (uncredited)
Charles Farrell as College Boy (uncredited)
George J. Lewis as College Boy (uncredited)
Tom Ricketts as The Butler (uncredited)
Rolfe Sedan as Nightclub patron (uncredited)
Hal Thompson as Minor Role (uncredited)
Jane Winton as Charity Ball Guest (uncredited)
Box Office
According to Warner Bros records the film earned $344,000 domestically and $94,000 foreign making it the studio's most popular film of 1924-25.
Preservation status
Prints of Three Women are in the collections of the George Eastman House and Filmmuseum München. It was transferred onto 16mm film by Associated Artists Productions in the 1950s and shown on television. A restored version running approximately 70 minutes, with a new orchestral score by Andrew Earle Simpson, has aired on Turner Classic Movies and is scheduled for a disc release in 2022 by Kino Lorber.
References
External links
Stills and reviews at Pauline Frederick site, stanford.edu
1924 films
1924 drama films
American silent feature films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
Films based on German novels
Films directed by Ernst Lubitsch
1920s American films
The Slovene Writers' Association () is a non-profit association of Slovene writers based in Ljubljana.
The association was founded on 21 April 1872 in Ljubljana at the initiative of Davorin Trstenjak who also became its first president. The statue of the organization was confirmed by the Duchy of Carniola on 10 May 1872. The constituent congress was held on 14 September 1872 while regular meetings took place in the Hotel Evropa until the 1885. It operated under various names over the years and re-adopted its original name Društvo slovenskih pisateljev in 1968. It provides a platform for writers, poets, playwrights and essayists who participate to promote common cultural and social inetersts.
The association has also made considerable efforts in promoting Slovene literature abroad. Its international activities include maintaining contacts with cultural institutions and writers' societies all around the world and collaborating with literary journals and magazines. Its own publication Litterae slovenicae (called Le Livre Slovène before 1991) publishes excerpts, poems and short stories by Slovene writers in translation, making Slovene literature available to a world audience.
It annually bestows the Vilenica Prize to a Central European author for his or her achievements in the field of literature and essay writing at the festival which takes place in the Vilenica Cave in the Slovenian Littoral. Since 1986 it has also annually awarded the Jenko Award for the best poetry collection in Slovene published in the previous two years.
Presidents
Davorin Trstenjak 1872
Rajko Perušek 1895–1915
Anton Funtek
Alojz Gradnik
Oton Župančič
France Koblar 1938–1945
Miško Kranjec (2 terms)
France Bevk (2 terms)
Ivan Potrč (2 terms)
Mile Klopčič
Beno Zupančič
Matej Bor 1959–1961
Anton Ingolič
Mira Mihelič
Janez Menart
Ciril Kosmač
Tone Pavček 1979–1983
Tone Partljič 1983–1987
Rudi Šeligo 1987–1991
Dane Zajc 1991–1995
Evald Flisar 1995–2001 (3 terms)
Tone Peršak 2001–2003
Vlado Žabot 2003–2007 (2 terms)
Slavko Pregl 2007–2009
Milan Jesih 2009–2011
Veno Taufer 2011–2014
Ivo Svetina 2014–
See also
Association of Writers of Yugoslavia
References
Slovenian writers' organizations
1872 establishments in Austria-Hungary
Organizations established in 1872
Organizations based in Ljubljana
Jeremiah Hill (born September 4, 1995) is an American basketball guard for Coosur Real Betis of the Liga ACB Endesa.
Hill attended Richmond Hill High School and in 2013 committed to play college basketball at Savannah State. Hill later transferred to Valdosta State, where in 2017 he was named to the 2017 NABC Coaches Division-II All American Team. Hill averaged 19.6 points, 5.5 rebounds and 4.3 assists per game as a senior.
Hill then played a season with the Jacksonville Giants of the American Basketball Association (ABA). On April 10, 2018, Hill signed with the Lakeland Magic. During a February 6, 2019 game against the Maine Red Claws, Hill scored a career high 30 points, including eight three-point shots, during 24 minutes of play. In July 2019, Hill signed with BC Astana in Kazakhstan.
On July 24, 2021, he signed with Parma Basket of the VTB United League.
On July 22, 2022, he signed a new transfer contract to move to Seville to play for Coosur Real Betis in Spain.
References
Living people
1995 births
American expatriate basketball people in Kazakhstan
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
BC Astana players
Guards (basketball)
Lakeland Magic players
Savannah State Tigers basketball players
Valdosta State Blazers men's basketball players
Fulton County Airport , also known as Charlie Brown Field or Brown's Field, is a county-owned, public-use airport in Fulton County, Georgia, United States. It is located six nautical miles (7 mi, 11 km) west of the central business district of Atlanta. The airport's name comes from the nickname of former Atlanta politician Charles M. Brown, who served on the city council and county commission during the 1960s. It is also called Charlie Brown Airport or Brown Field. On the radio, however, it is referred to as "County Tower" or "County Ground".
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 293 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 198 enplanements in 2009, and 725 in 2010. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a reliever airport.
It is a local Class D airport located just west of Atlanta and the nearest airport to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (which is just south of Atlanta), and handles much of the general aviation traffic that would otherwise go there. The airport exists below and in close proximity to ATL's Class B airspace.
It is located very near Interstate 20, Interstate 285, and the Chattahoochee River, just outside the Atlanta city limits. It reports ASOS weather conditions 24 hours per day as West Atlanta. It also acted as the nearest backup weather station when Dobbins Air Reserve Base did not report overnight.
Facilities and aircraft
Fulton County Airport covers an area of 985 acres (399 ha) at an elevation of 841 feet (256 m) above mean sea level. It has three asphalt paved runways: 8/26 is 5,796 by 100 feet; 14/32 is 4,157 by 100 feet (1,267 x 30 m); 9/27 is 2,801 by 60 feet (854 x 18 m). It is currently under the management of the Fulton County Public Works Department. David E. Clark is the Fulton County Public Works Director and Tim Beggerly is the Airport Manager.
In 2015, the airport had exactly 60,000 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 164 per day; a 52% decrease from 2008. In May 2017, there were 82 aircraft based at this airport: 30 single-engine, 12 multi-engine, 35 jet, and 5 helicopters.
The Airport houses a Georgia Army National Guard armory.
References
External links
FTY - Fulton County Airport-Brown Field at Georgia DOT website
Aerial image as of April 2002 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures in Atlanta
Transportation in Atlanta
Transportation in Fulton County, Georgia
Lorenzo "Lore" Mannino (born 1959) is according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation a powerful caporegime in the Gambino crime family.
In 1994, Mannino pleaded guilty to drug trafficking and conspiring to murder Francesco Oliveri in 1988, and was sentenced 15 years in prison. He was released in 2004. The 1994 plea followed a 1993 trial in which John Gambino, Joseph Gambino and Matteo Romano were co-defendants, which ended in mistrial in June 1993 when the jury was unable to reach a verdict. Salvatore Gravano testified to the participation of John, Joseph and Mannino in the murder of Oliveri, to a racketeering enterprise and the Gambino crime family's rule against drugs.
According to a 2007 New York Post article on the establishment of a "cooperative venture" with FBI agents stationed in Rome and Italian National Police working at the FBI Headquarters in Washington, Mannino once tried to get Frank Sinatra to help crooner Al Martino find work in Las Vegas, and was a "rising crime-family star".
In March 2019, Gambino soldier Paul Semplice, 55, was given a 28-month prison term for running a loan-sharking operation, after pleading guilty in October 2018 to loaning money to a stressed-out business owner and a gambling addict who wound up dying from a stroke. Semplice described beating one victim in a wire-tapped call, and told a cooperating witness during a wiretapped call that Mannino was his supervisor.
References
Bosses of the Gambino crime family
Inzerillo-Gambino Mafia clan
American drug traffickers
American prisoners and detainees
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
Criminals from New York City
American gangsters of Sicilian descent
Living people
1959 births
Edmundo Domínguez Aragonés (27 November 1938 - 12 September 2014)
Aragonés was born in Argentona, Spain, on 27 November 1938. When he was nine months old, he came with his family to Puerto de Veracruz from a concentration camp in France.
Aragonés was naturalised as a Mexican citizen in 1958. He studied arts at the University of Guadalajara. He was director general of the Mexican Editorial Organisation, deputy director of supervision and operation of the Research and Evaluation Department in RTC, Notimex contributor, political information director-editor at Entrelíneas, founding director of Cultural Opinion (with Horacho Enrique Nansen), founder of La Calle (with José Barrera Ortiz), founder of IPN Science, Arts: Culture, deputy director of El Gallo Ilustrado, director of the editorial section of El Sol de Mexico.
He died of a severe case of pneumonia in the federal district of Mexico City on the night of 12 September 2014. He was a chronicler, journalist, essayist, novelist and a poet.
Mexican editors
1938 births
2014 deaths
Spanish emigrants to Mexico
University of Guadalajara alumni
Muhiddin Kabiri (), also known as Muhiddin Tilloevich Kabirov (; 20 July 1965) is a Tajik Muslim politician, former member of the parliament of Tajikistan and the chairman of the opposition Islamic Renaissance Party (IRPT) which was banned in Tajikistan in August 2015. Kabiri is fluent in Tajik, Persian, Arabic, Russian, and English.
Early life and career
Kabiri was born in the Faizobod District of Tajikistan into a devout Muslim family. During the country's civil war in 1992–1997, Kabiri lived in Russia and had a business there. Upon returning to Dushanbe in 1997, he became a close ally of Said Abdullo Nuri, the leader of the IRPT, becoming deputy chairman of the party in 2000. In 2005, he was elected to the parliament of Tajikistan through an IRPT party list.
Kabiri effectively led the IRPT since 2004 when Said Abdullo Nuri was diagnosed with cancer. Despite the resistance of many conservative members of the party, Nuri recommended Kabiri as his replacement, and Kabiri was elected the chairman of IRPT following Nuri's death in August 2006. Kabiri is credited with repairing ideological divisions within the party, strengthening it, and sidelining the more conservative and radical members of the party. In October 2011, he was reelected as chairman of the party.
After the IRPT gathered only 1,5% votes, and no seats in Parliament for first time in 15 years, Kabiri left the country amid widespread speculation that the party would be shut down by authorities. Kabiri's current whereabouts are unknown, although he is rumored to be in Turkey. The 50-year-old was last seen publicly at an international conference in Iran, where he attended the International Conference of Islamic Unity on December 27 and was seated next to the head of Tajikistan's state-backed Council of Islamic Ulema and other members of the official delegation from Tajikistan. Kabiri's colleagues have urged him not to return to Tajikistan from abroad, saying it was not safe and citing the mysterious assassination of another opposition leader, fugitive tycoon and opposition Group 24 founder Umarali Quvvatov, in Istanbul in March.
In August 2015, the Islamic Renaissance Party of Tajikistan was banned by the Tajik Justice Ministry.
References
Tajikistani politicians
1965 births
Living people
Tajikistani Islamists
Islamic Renaissance Party of Tajikistan politicians
Islamic democracy activists
Tajikistani expatriates
Tajikistani Muslims
Members of the Supreme Assembly (Tajikistan)
Tajik National University alumni
People from Districts of Republican Subordination
Penygarreg Lane (or "Pen-y-garreg Lane") is a halt on the Cambrian Heritage Railways' line in Shropshire. It is on the northern edge of the village of Pant, north of the disused Pant station. Prior to its construction, trains stopped here only to reverse back towards Llynclys and passengers could not board or alight here.
History
A planning application for the construction of a platform and a waiting shelter was submitted by Cambrian Heritage Railways to Oswestry Borough Council and subsequently was approved in February 2008. Preparation work began on the site in January 2010 and construction was underway through the summer of that year.
The Montgomery Canal, which is currently undergoing restoration in this area, runs alongside Penygarreg Lane where the pedestrian entrance to the halt is now situated. Pedestrian access between the lane and the halt are via the trackbed of a tramway which linked the railway line with the canal. On the other side of the halt, right by the platform, is Piccadilly Pool. This is a remnant of the disused quarry once in operation here. Some small buildings once used by the quarry still exist in the area.
Opening
On Easter Saturday 2011 the newly built Pen-y-Garreg Lane station opened to the public, thus permitting a journey as well as a ride. Passengers were able to alight and take a walk around the area, with the Montgomery Canal and the village of Pant only a few minutes' walk away.
The station was officially opened by Councillor Arthur Walpole at 12:00 noon on Saturday 8 September 2012.
The station has already proved to be very popular with walkers and cyclists who use it as a starting point for local treks and cycle rides, returning later to Llynclys for refreshments and use of the free facilities. The station is the southern terminus of Cambrian Heritage Railways' line from .
References
External links
Shropshire Star article
Cambrian Railways Trust news
Heritage railway stations in Shropshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2011
Railway stations built for UK heritage railways
Honor Killed the Samurai is the fourth solo studio album by American rapper and record producer Kaseem "Ka" Ryan. It was released on August 13, 2016 via Iron Works Records. It was recorded at The End, and produced entirely by Ka himself.
Critical reception
Honor Killed the Samurai was met with widespread critical acclaim. At Album of the Year, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 82 based on four reviews.
Hugh Leask of HipHopDX said, "Such menacing musical backdrops, coupled with Ka's hushed, raspy tone, ultimately imbue Honor Killed The Samurai with a quietly fearsome vibe which never lets up over the course of the album's 10 tracks". RapReviews critic Patrick Taylor said that the album "has a cinematic feel to it. Like all of Ka's work, it is a quiet album that requires attention. He never raises his voice, there are no sung hooks, and there is nothing here that you could dance to" and also "some people might find Honor Killed the Samurai kind of boring. Those people are wrong, but it isn't an album that jumps out at you. It's an album that is all about skill and deliberation, and maintains Ka's rep as one of the more unique voices out there". Writing for Spin, Sheldon Pearce said "Unlike last year's abstract masterpiece, Days With Dr. Yen Lo — which rarely peppered his chants with outside noise — the arrangements here are heavier and purposeful". Paul A. Thompson of Pitchfork said, "With his latest, the Brownsville rapper cements himself as a preeminent stylist, his voice hushed but vicious, his production a grim rabbit hole of found sounds, minor keys, and few drums". Tom Hull said that the album "weaves samurai lessons into a more domestic thread, offering a sense of hard-earned accomplishment and brutal fates".
Accolades
Track listing
Personnel
Kaseem "Ka" Ryan – main artist, producer
Chris Pummill – recording
Charles Scott Harding – mixing
Tim Fodness – assistant mixing
Michael Fossenkemper – mastering
Mark Shaw – design
References
External links
2016 albums
Ka (rapper) albums
Charles Borromée Rouleau (born: December 16, 1840 L'Isle Verte, Lower Canada- died: August 25, 1901 Rouleauville, North-West Territories) was a 19th-century Canadian politician, lawyer, judge and writer. He served as stipendiary magistrate and justice of the Supreme Court of the North-West Territories, as well as legal advisor to the Northwest Territories Legislature.
Early life
Rouleau began his legal career when he was called to the bar in Quebec on December 16, 1868. He later became an inspector for the Ottawa and Pontiac Counties Catholic School Districts.
Rouleau first ran for public office on the municipal level in the County of Ottawa in 1874. He was unsuccessful.
Legal career
Rouleau then made his career through political appointments as magistrate and judge at increasingly higher levels of the justice system. On July 12, 1876, he was appointed district magistrate in Ottawa County and held that position until 1883.
On September 28, 1883, Rouleau was appointed to the North-West Territories Council where he replaced Matthew Ryan. He served his first term on the council with the title of stipendiary magistrate. The territories then included what became modern-day Yukon, Alberta and Saskatchewan.
In 1885 during the North-West Rebellion his home in Battleford was looted and burned.
On February 18, 1888, Rouleau vacated that position to accept an appointment to the Supreme Court of the North-West Territories, where he sat for cases in the Northern Alberta District. After the 1888 North-West Territories general election, Lieutenant Governor Joseph Royal reappointed Rouleau as legal advisor to the North-West Territories Legislature. He held that position until dissolution of the legislature in 1891.
With his appointment to the Supreme Court, Rouleau moved just outside Calgary to a mission parish founded by French-Canadian priests in the 1870s. There he and his brother founded Rouleauville, which they intended to be a French-speaking community. The village was later annexed by Calgary and was renamed the Mission District. Rouleau's house, built before 1896, stood until 1940, when it was replaced by an apartment building.
Although an 1892 assembly vote made English the only official language in the territories, French was reintroduced as an official language in the late 1980s. By the Northwest Territories' Official Languages Act (1988), nine native languages were also recognized as official for certain purposes, including in the territorial court.
Frog Lake trial
Rouleau, in his capacity of stipendiary magistrate, tried the case of Wandering Spirit, (Kapapamahchakwew) a Plains Cree war chief, and others for the murders committed during the Frog Lake Massacre and at Battleford (the murders of farm instructor Payne and Battleford farmer Barney Tremont).
Wandering Spirit, a Plains Cree war chief, Little Bear (Apaschiskoos), Walking the Sky (also known as Round the Sky), Bad Arrow, Miserable Man, Iron Body, Ika (also known as Crooked Leg) and Man Without Blood were tried for the murders. None of the accused were allowed legal counsel, and Rouleau sentenced each of them to death by hanging. He sentenced three others to hang as well, but their death sentences were commuted.
Minister of Justice John Sparrow David Thompson reviewed the cases but mitigating circumstances were not taken into account, and in retrospect, justice seems to have been arbitrarily dispensed.
Eight Indigenous men, including Wandering Spirit, were hanged on November 27, 1885, in the largest mass hanging in Canada's history.
See also
Rouleau, Saskatchewan
References
External links
1840 births
1901 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories
Judges in the Northwest Territories
The Società Italiana di Filosofia Politica (English: Italian Association for Political Philosophy) is an association of academic and non-academic practitioners of political philosophy in Italy. The association's aim is to further the study of political philosophy in its various orientations and to promote dialogue among Italian and other intellectual communities of scholars interested in the current debate in political philosophy.
The Association was founded in 2001 by a number of philosophers, including Giuliano Marini, Giulio M. Chiodi, Sebastiano Maffettone, Giacomo Marramao, Giovanni Fiaschi, Raimondo Cubeddu, Salvatore Veca, Michelangelo Bovero, Alessandro Ferrara, Roberto Gatti—some of whom had significant contact with the Italian political philosopher Norberto Bobbio.
The first President of the Association (after a temporary provisional steering committee led by Giuliano Marini) was Sebastiano Maffettone (2002–04). Roberto Gatti served as President from 2004 to 2005. From 2005 to 2010, for two terms, the President was Alessandro Ferrara, and from 2010 to 2013 Laura Bazzicalupo. The current President of the Association is Stefano Petrucciani.
External links
Official website (in Italian)
Political philosophy
Philosophy organizations
Learned societies of Italy
The Braille pattern dots-125 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top left and both middle dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top left and both upper-middle dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2813, and in Braille ASCII with H.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-125 is used to represent guttural fricatives and approximants, such as /h/, /ħ/, or /ɦ/, and is otherwise assigned as needed. It is also used for the number 8.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-125 are Braille patterns 1257, 1258, and 12578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 236, 1236, 2346, and 12346 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-125, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0125, 1257, and 01257 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 236, 1236, 2346, or 12346
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-125 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 分
Variants and thematic compounds
- り/分 + selector 1 = 今
- selector 5 + り/分 = 帚
- selector 6 + り/分 = 僉
- 数 + #8 = 八
- 比 + り/分 = 里
Compounds of 分
- い/糹/#2 + り/分 = 紛
- を/貝 + り/分 = 貪
- ち/竹 + り/分 = 雰
- お/頁 + り/分 = 頒
- り/分 + の/禾 = 粉
- と/戸 + り/分 + の/禾 = 彜
- り/分 + を/貝 = 貧
- や/疒 + り/分 + selector 1 = 岑
- ね/示 + り/分 + selector 1 = 衾
- よ/广 + り/分 + selector 1 = 矜
- れ/口 + 宿 + り/分 = 吩
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 岔
- り/分 + 宿 + 心 = 忿
- て/扌 + 宿 + り/分 = 扮
- 心 + 龸 + り/分 = 枌
- り/分 + も/門 + selector 1 = 氛
- に/氵 + 宿 + り/分 = 汾
- ま/石 + 宿 + り/分 = 竕
- く/艹 + 宿 + り/分 = 芬
Compounds of 今
- れ/口 + り/分 = 吟
- り/分 + れ/口 = 含
- く/艹 + り/分 + れ/口 = 莟
- り/分 + 心 = 念
- き/木 + り/分 + 心 = 棯
- の/禾 + り/分 + 心 = 稔
- せ/食 + り/分 + 心 = 鯰
- し/巿 + り/分 + selector 1 = 黔
Compounds of 帚
- ふ/女 + り/分 = 婦
- ん/止 + り/分 = 帰
- て/扌 + り/分 = 掃
- く/艹 + selector 5 + り/分 = 菷
- ち/竹 + 宿 + り/分 = 箒
- ん/止 + ん/止 + り/分 = 歸
Compounds of 僉
- や/疒 + り/分 = 嶮
- り/分 + 氷/氵 = 斂
- に/氵 + り/分 + 氷/氵 = 瀲
- ん/止 + selector 6 + り/分 = 歛
- ち/竹 + selector 6 + り/分 = 簽
- 仁/亻 + 仁/亻 + り/分 = 儉
- も/門 + 宿 + り/分 = 匳
- き/木 + き/木 + り/分 = 檢
- ⺼ + 宿 + り/分 = 臉
- さ/阝 + さ/阝 + り/分 = 險
- そ/馬 + そ/馬 + り/分 = 驗
- り/分 + れ/口 + れ/口 = 龠
- か/金 + 宿 + り/分 = 鑰
Compounds of 八
- う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 穴
- い/糹/#2 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 穽
- こ/子 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 窖
- か/金 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 窩
- 火 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 竃
- 氷/氵 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 竅
- つ/土 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 竇
- ひ/辶 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 邃
- 囗 + り/分 = 興
- 火 + 囗 + り/分 = 爨
- せ/食 + 囗 + り/分 = 釁
- れ/口 + 数 + り/分 = 叭
- か/金 + 数 + り/分 = 釟
Compounds of 里
- よ/广 + り/分 = 厘
- か/金 + よ/广 + り/分 = 甅
- ま/石 + よ/广 + り/分 = 竰
- き/木 + よ/广 + り/分 = 釐
- へ/⺩ + り/分 = 理
- ま/石 + り/分 = 童
- る/忄 + り/分 = 憧
- か/金 + り/分 = 鐘
- な/亻 + ま/石 + り/分 = 僮
- し/巿 + ま/石 + り/分 = 幢
- て/扌 + ま/石 + り/分 = 撞
- き/木 + ま/石 + り/分 = 橦
- に/氵 + ま/石 + り/分 = 潼
- ふ/女 + ま/石 + り/分 = 艟
- 龸 + り/分 = 重
- な/亻 + り/分 = 働
- の/禾 + り/分 = 種
- ゆ/彳 + り/分 = 衝
- り/分 + ぬ/力 = 動
- る/忄 + り/分 + ぬ/力 = 慟
- ⺼ + 龸 + り/分 = 腫
- く/艹 + 龸 + り/分 = 董
- み/耳 + 龸 + り/分 = 踵
- か/金 + 龸 + り/分 = 鍾
- つ/土 + り/分 = 埋
- 日 + り/分 = 量
- せ/食 + り/分 = 鯉
- り/分 + ね/示 = 裏
- り/分 + よ/广 = 野
- つ/土 + り/分 + よ/广 = 墅
- な/亻 + 比 + り/分 = 俚
- れ/口 + 比 + り/分 = 哩
- に/氵 + 比 + り/分 = 浬
- け/犬 + 比 + り/分 = 狸
- ね/示 + 比 + り/分 = 裡
- そ/馬 + 比 + り/分 = 貍
- ち/竹 + 比 + り/分 = 霾
Other compounds
- 仁/亻 + り/分 = 倹
- き/木 + り/分 = 検
- さ/阝 + り/分 = 険
- そ/馬 + り/分 = 験
- ん/止 + 宿 + り/分 = 鹸
- く/艹 + り/分 = 兵
- に/氵 + り/分 = 浜
- き/木 + く/艹 + り/分 = 梹
- か/金 + く/艹 + り/分 = 鋲
- り/分 + え/訁 = 会
- 心 + り/分 = 桧
- り/分 + も/門 = 余
- り/分 + と/戸 = 斜
- り/分 + ゑ/訁 = 叙
- selector 1 + り/分 + ゑ/訁 = 敍
- り/分 + り/分 + ゑ/訁 = 敘
- た/⽥ + り/分 + も/門 = 畭
- 心 + り/分 + も/門 = 荼
- む/車 + り/分 + も/門 = 蜍
- り/分 + り/分 + も/門 = 餘
- り/分 + り/分 + も/門 = 餘
- り/分 + か/金 = 平
- り/分 + つ/土 = 坪
- え/訁 + り/分 = 評
- や/疒 + り/分 + か/金 = 岼
- る/忄 + り/分 + か/金 = 怦
- に/氵 + り/分 + か/金 = 泙
- く/艹 + り/分 + か/金 = 萍
- の/禾 + り/分 + か/金 = 秤
- 心 + り/分 + か/金 = 苹
- せ/食 + り/分 + か/金 = 鮃
- り/分 + へ/⺩ = 全
- ゑ/訁 + り/分 = 詮
- き/木 + り/分 + へ/⺩ = 栓
- や/疒 + り/分 + へ/⺩ = 痊
- ち/竹 + り/分 + へ/⺩ = 筌
- か/金 + り/分 + へ/⺩ = 銓
- 火 + 宿 + り/分 = 竈
- り/分 + ⺼ = 益
- 氷/氵 + り/分 = 溢
- え/訁 + り/分 + ⺼ = 謚
- か/金 + り/分 + ⺼ = 鎰
- り/分 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鷁
- り/分 + せ/食 = 舎
- り/分 + ほ/方 = 舗
- り/分 + り/分 + せ/食 = 舍
- り/分 + り/分 + ほ/方 = 舖
- り/分 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 舒
- た/⽥ + り/分 = 典
- き/木 + た/⽥ + り/分 = 椣
- ⺼ + た/⽥ + り/分 = 腆
- し/巿 + り/分 = 幌
- け/犬 + り/分 = 猪
- に/氵 + け/犬 + り/分 = 潴
- け/犬 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 豬
- め/目 + り/分 = 窺
- す/発 + り/分 = 罹
- り/分 + お/頁 = 倉
- や/疒 + り/分 + お/頁 = 瘡
- ふ/女 + り/分 + お/頁 = 艙
- く/艹 + り/分 + お/頁 = 蒼
- み/耳 + り/分 + お/頁 = 蹌
- か/金 + り/分 + お/頁 = 鎗
- る/忄 + り/分 + お/頁 = 愴
- て/扌 + り/分 + お/頁 = 搶
- き/木 + り/分 + お/頁 = 槍
- に/氵 + り/分 + お/頁 = 滄
- り/分 + な/亻 = 傘
- り/分 + け/犬 = 兼
- る/忄 + り/分 + け/犬 = 慊
- ん/止 + り/分 + け/犬 = 歉
- 心 + り/分 + け/犬 = 蒹
- を/貝 + り/分 + け/犬 = 賺
- り/分 + 囗 = 合
- れ/口 + り/分 + 囗 = 哈
- ふ/女 + り/分 + 囗 = 姶
- や/疒 + り/分 + 囗 = 峇
- る/忄 + り/分 + 囗 = 恰
- て/扌 + り/分 + 囗 = 拿
- ん/止 + り/分 + 囗 = 歙
- に/氵 + り/分 + 囗 = 洽
- ⺼ + り/分 + 囗 = 盒
- ち/竹 + り/分 + 囗 = 箚
- の/禾 + り/分 + 囗 = 粭
- 心 + り/分 + 囗 = 荅
- む/車 + り/分 + 囗 = 蛤
- ね/示 + り/分 + 囗 = 袷
- も/門 + り/分 + 囗 = 閤
- と/戸 + り/分 + 囗 = 鞳
- ま/石 + り/分 + 囗 = 龕
- り/分 + む/車 + selector 2 = 翕
- り/分 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴿
- り/分 + さ/阝 = 命
- て/扌 + り/分 + さ/阝 = 掵
- り/分 + 日 = 昌
- な/亻 + り/分 + 日 = 倡
- ふ/女 + り/分 + 日 = 娼
- き/木 + り/分 + 日 = 椙
- け/犬 + り/分 + 日 = 猖
- 心 + り/分 + 日 = 菖
- り/分 + め/目 = 穿
- り/分 + り/分 + え/訁 = 會
- け/犬 + り/分 + え/訁 = 獪
- ⺼ + り/分 + え/訁 = 膾
- く/艹 + り/分 + え/訁 = 薈
- せ/食 + り/分 + え/訁 = 鱠
- 心 + 心 + り/分 = 檜
- り/分 + 仁/亻 + 宿 = 个
- り/分 + 宿 + 宿 = 兜
- り/分 + 宿 + も/門 = 兮
- そ/馬 + 数 + り/分 = 尓
- に/氵 + に/氵 + り/分 = 濱
- り/分 + 宿 + き/木 = 禽
- 心 + 宿 + り/分 = 檎
Notes
Braille patterns
Latif Kapadia () (27 March 1934 – 29 March 2002) was a Pakistani stage and television actor.
Career
Born on 27 March 1934 in Nashik, a city in the Maharashtra state of British India of Gujarati descent. His parents originated from Abrama village near Navsari, Gujarat. Latif Kapadia migrated to Karachi at the age of 13 with his family and started his career as a stage actor. In 1953, Kapadia began his acting career.
A few years later, Kapadia started acting with the Avant-Garde Arts Theatre. He then expanded to television plays with Pakistan Television in 1967.
During his television career, Kapadia appeared in the following plays:
Baarish
Barzakh
Fifty Fifty
Rozi
Gurez
Chand Grehan
Nadan Nadia
Shikastay Arzoo
For his film appearances, Kapadia was in the 1998 movie Very Good Dunya, Very Bad Log He was fond of singing also and used to sing the songs of his friend, Ahmed Rushdi, who was a well known singer of Pakistan film industry. Kapadia received the Pride of Performance in 2001.
Death
On 29 March 29 2002, Kapadia died from cardio-respiratory arrest, two days after his 68th birthday at age 68. Fellow actor Moin Akhter had earlier took him to the Liaquat National Hospital for treatment. He was discharged after minor treatment. He later died at his home. Kapadia was married and had five children. He was buried in Karachi at Mewa Shah Graveyard.
See also
Pakistan Television Corporation
List of Lollywood actors
References
External links
1934 births
2002 deaths
Pakistani male television actors
Pakistani male stage actors
Pakistani male film actors
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
Pakistani Muslims
People from Nashik
Male actors from Karachi
20th-century Pakistani male actors
Pakistani people of Gujarati descent
Khoja Ismailism
Mucilaginibacter carri is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped and obligately aerobic bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from a car air conditioning system in Korea.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter carri at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2016
In geomorphology, a col is the lowest point on a mountain ridge between two peaks. It may also be called a gap. Particularly rugged and forbidding cols in the terrain are usually referred to as notches. They are generally unsuitable as mountain passes, but are occasionally crossed by mule tracks or climbers' routes. The term col tends to be associated more with mountain rather than hill ranges. It is derived from the French col ("collar, neck") from Latin collum, "neck".
The height of a summit above its highest col (called the key col) is effectively a measure of a mountain's topographic prominence. Cols lie on the line of the watershed between two mountains, often on a prominent ridge or arête. For example, the highest col in Austria, the Obere Glocknerscharte ("Upper Glockner Col", ), lies between the Kleinglockner () and Grossglockner () mountains, giving the Kleinglockner a minimum prominence of 17 metres.
The majority of cols are unnamed and are either never transited or only crossed in the course of negotiating a ridge line. Many double summits are separated by prominent cols. The distinction with other names for breaks in mountain ridges such as saddle, wind gap or notch is not sharply defined and may vary from place to place.
See also
References
External links
Illustrated Glossary of Alpine Mountain Landforms: Col. Retrieved 16 August 2015.
Landforms
Oronyms
The Black Angels is the eponymous debut EP released by psychedelic rock band The Black Angels in October 2005 on the Light In The Attic Records label.
Track listing
"Black Grease" - 4:35
"The First Vietnamese War" - 3:33
"Winter '68" - 2:41
"Manipulation" - 5:57
Appearances
"Black Grease" is heard on the fictional radio station Vinewood Boulevard Radio in the 2013 action-adventure video game Grand Theft Auto V.
"The First Vietnamese War" was featured in the 2012 third-person shooter video game Spec Ops: The Line.
References
The Black Angels (band) albums
2005 EPs
Light in the Attic Records albums
Winifred Claire Stanley (August 14, 1909 – February 29, 1996) was an American politician and attorney from New York affiliated with the Republican Party. Stanley is known for her vigorous women's rights advocacy during the WWII war time period, her work as a prosecutor, and for being the first female assistant district attorney in Erie County. Although Stanley served only one term before her constituency was redistricted, she used her legislative standing to champion peacetime demobilization and equal pay regardless of sex.
Early life
Winifred C. Stanley was born to Mary and John Francis Stanley on August 14, 1909, in the Bronx, New York, the eldest of six children. Stanley's mother was an English and music teacher, and her father was an architect. Although she was born in the Bronx, she and her family spent her childhood in Buffalo, NY.
Education
Following graduation from Lafayette High School, Stanley pursued her undergraduate degree at the University of Buffalo, eventually graduating with honors in 1930. Stanley returned to the University of Buffalo to pursue her L.L.B. and J.D., which she earned in 1933, graduating first in her class.
Early career
Prior to pursuing politics, Winifred Stanley became a practicing attorney. She started this following her first year out of school in 1934 by entering the bar at age 25. She gained her legal prowess following an encounter with the New York Judicial System; Stanley found the barring of women from being able to participate on a jury absolutely abhorrent and started a movement by mobilizing different parts of society such as church societies, women's clubs, and political organizations to stand behind her endeavors. Her efforts were largely successful in acquiring the right for women to participate in jury panels in the state of New York. Her abilities did not go unnoticed by the law community as well, landing her a job with the then District Attorney Leo J. Hagerty who appointed her as the first female assistant deputy attorney in Erie County (1938-1942). Stanley accomplished this all by the age of 28 years old.
Congressional service
When New York was redistricted following the 1940 Census, two seats were lost in the process. This warranted the Republican Party to search for a candidate to take a short-term seat slated for elimination. At this point in her career, Stanley was an accomplished attorney who wouldn't threaten a higher-ranking Republican when reelection came around, making her the prime candidate for the job. Stanley ran on a campaign of $6.00 and was elected to the 78th Congress in November 1942. She beat out eight other candidates for the position by garnering nearly 2 million votes. Three of the eight candidates she ran against were women; Stanley's female opponents were Flora D. Johnson (Syracuse Democrat also running on the American Labor Party's ticket), Elizabeth Gurley Flynn (New York City Communist and famed activist for workers' and women's rights), and Layle Lane (Harlem Socialist and African American educator, civil rights activist and labor organizer). Her term would start on January 3, 1943, and would run until January 3, 1945.
Committee assignments
Although Winifred Stanley vied for a position on the powerful House Judiciary Committee, she was appointed to Patents and Civil Service Committees. Her background in law inspired her inclination to be appointed to the Judiciary, however those in charge of committee assignments (such as James W. Wadsworth Jr.) opposed women in the workplace vehemently, and she received little support from her Republican colleagues due to her short-term status.
Women's rights legislative work
Stanley was a major advocate for women's rights in society and the workplace, as she made very clear in her efforts against the New York Judicial System. She continued this work in Congress by introducing the first equal pay for equal work bill on June 19, 1944. Stanley did this in the form of a bill to amend the NLRA (National Labor Relations Act of 1935). Her proposed amendment included a provision making it unlawful to discriminate against any employee on account of sex(HR 5056). Stanley made clear that she wanted to maintain in "peacetime the drive and energy which women have contributed to the war." She introduced HR 5056 to the House floor with the accompanying statement, "It has often been remarked that this is a 'man's world.' The war and its far-reaching effects have provided the answer. It's 'our world,' and this battered old universe needs and will need the best brains and ability of both men and women." Despite her efforts, the bill was referred to the Committee on Labor, where it expired and was never made into law.
Stanley also argued for women to be commissioned as surgeons in the US Army, as well as being a great supporter for the fight to renew the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) in 1943.
Post-war planning legislative work
Beyond being an advocate for women's rights, Stanley was a major proponent of Post-World War II reconstruction, and was well known as a driving force in sensible post-war planning.
Stanley introduced a concurrent resolution calling for a special joint committee to discuss plausible legislation addressing postwar employment on January 24, 1944. This committee was, per her request, to deal with the influx of returning soldiers into the economy, who would flood the job market. In order to handle this effectively, Stanley suggested this be a bipartisan committee with members from every region of the country.
Legislative records show that Stanley also supported Beardsley Ruml's 1943 plan to forgive all 1942 income taxes while instating a withholding tax on all 1943 wages. She supported this in hopes that the withheld tax could bring in an easily acquired source of revenue for the federal government's war effort.
In addition to this work, Stanley made a speech in the House of Representative's chambers proposing a resolution that would support an American delegation to the proposed UN (United Nations).
Other noted legislative support
Stanley was a noted supporter of increasing wages for postal employees, along with eliminating the poll tax.
She was a vocal opponent of New Deal programs during the 1944 campaign.
She favored protecting veteran's rights, attempting to put forth legislation for construction of more Veterans' Administration hospitals in her constituency of Upstate New York.
Missed votes
From January 1943 to December 1944, Stanley missed 8 of 156 roll call votes. This translated to missing 5.1%, better than the median of 7.1% among the lifetime records of Representatives serving in Dec 1944. The chart below reports missed votes over time.
Later career
After her short-lived career in Congress, Stanley stayed in the public sector and was appointed to New York Governor Dewey's administration. She was appointed counsel for the State Employees' Retirement System (1945-1955) and later returned to her position as an Assistant District Attorney in Albany (1955-1979). She retired in 1979, but continued in private practice until 1986.
Death and interment
Stanley died in Kenmore, NY on February 29, 1996, following an illness. She is interred in Mount Olivet Cemetery in Tonawanda, NY.
See also
Women in the United States House of Representatives
References
External links
History Buffs: Winifred Stanley, courtesy of The Buffalo History Museum, May 2019
Women in Congress, 1917-2006, pp. 220–223
1909 births
1996 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American women politicians
University at Buffalo alumni
Female members of the United States House of Representatives
Women in New York (state) politics
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Politicians from New York City
People from the Bronx
Politicians from Buffalo, New York
Lawyers from Buffalo, New York
20th-century American women lawyers
Lafayette High School (Buffalo, New York) alumni
Triodopsis hopetonensis, common name the "Magnolia Threetooth", is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
References
Jacksonville Shell Club site, images and authority & date, also links to original description
Polygyridae
Gastropods described in 1852
Puerto Octay is a town and commune in Osorno Province located on the north shore of Llanquihue Lake in Los Lagos Region in the south of Chile. It was settled by German colonists in 1852. Puerto Octay was an important port with regular traffic to Puerto Varas before the railway opened in 1912.
History
Its origin dates back to the German colonization in 1852 driven by Bernhard Philippi. Years later it became one of the major ports on Lake Llanquihue. On 22 December 1891 the municipality was established, under the Presidency of the Republic Jorge Montt.
German heritage history
Puerto Octay currently has a rich and varied architecture, mostly built of wood, which is the historical reflection of the colonization process, driven by the State of Chile in the mid-nineteenth century, with families coming from Germany.
Some prominent buildings are the House Niklitschek, Hotel Haase, Wulf House, the current Colegio San Vicente de Paul and Werner House. What is extraordinary about this city is that despite the lapse of more than 100 years, it is still possible to assess this type of buildings.
In order to preserve this architectural heritage, Puerto Octay is currently in the process of being declared a Typical Zone. This will identify a representative area of identity and history, which will be legally protected by the State of Chile.
Flora and fauna
Birds: thrush, dove, parrot, rooster from the mountain (extinct), kestrel, heron, sparrows, swallows.
Mammals: cougar, nutria, among others.
Fish: salmon native (locally extinct), mackerel, trout.
Tourism
Referring to tourism in the district lake, Lake Llanquihue has beautiful beaches for vacations, fishing and water sports. The most notable include Rupanco Islet, La Baja, Puerto Maitén and Fonck.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Puerto Octay spans an area of and has 10,236 inhabitants (5,391 men and 4,845 women). Of these, 3,403 (33.2%) lived in urban areas and 6,833 (66.8%) in rural areas. The population fell by 7.4% (815 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration
As a commune, Puerto Octay is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Puerto Octay is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Fidel Espinoza (PS) and Carlos Recondo (UDI) as part of the 56th electoral district, together with Puyehue, Río Negro, Purranque, Fresia, Frutillar, Llanquihue, Puerto Varas and Los Muermos. The commune is represented in the Senate by Camilo Escalona Medina (PS) and Carlos Kuschel Silva (RN) as part of the 17th senatorial constituency (Los Lagos Region).
References
External links
Municipality of Puerto Octay
Hotel Haase
Municipality of Puerto Octay
Municipal Public Library Puerto Octay
LagoLlanquihue.com Information Portal of the communities of the Lake
Page of Puerto Octay
Llanquihue Province
Communes of Chile
Populated lakeshore places in Chile
Populated places established in 1891
Populated places in Osorno Province
1891 establishments in Chile
Cosmeceuticals are cosmetic products with bioactive ingredients purported to have medical benefits. In America, there are no legal requirements to prove that these products live up to their claims. The name is a portmanteau of "cosmetics" and "pharmaceuticals". Nutricosmetics are related dietary supplement or food or beverage products with additives that are marketed as having medical benefits that affect appearance.
Quasi-drug (labelled 医薬部外品 or 薬用) is a Japanese term that refer to many of the same products with functional claims, albeit regulation is stronger than pre-market approval from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare is required.
Criticism
Consumers are willing to pay a premium for skin and hair care products that they perceive as high-performance. The term "cosmeceutical" is often used in cosmetic advertising and may be misleading to the consumer. If the consumer interprets a "cosmeceutical" or "nutricosmetic" to be similar to a pharmaceutical product, he or she may conclude that cosmeceuticals are required to undergo the same testing for efficacy and quality control as required for medication. This may allow the retailer to charge the consumer more for a product which may actually be less effective and/or of poorer quality than perceived.
However, according to the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act "does not recognize any such category as "cosmeceuticals". A product can be a drug, a cosmetic, or a combination of both, but the term "cosmeceutical" has no meaning under the law".
Additionally, the FDA states that: "Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act defines drugs as those products that cure, treat, mitigate or prevent disease or that affect the structure or function of the human body. While drugs are subject to an intensive review and approval process by FDA, cosmetics are not approved by FDA prior to sale. If a product has drug properties, it must be approved as a drug."
To avoid inquiry and punitive action by the United States Federal Trade Commission, cosmeceuticals which do not intend to be regulated as drugs by the FDA are carefully labeled to avoid making statements which would indicate that the product has drug properties. Any such claims made regarding the product must be substantiated by scientific evidence as being truthful.
Generally speaking, it is to the financial benefit of the cosmeceutical manufacturer that their products are not regulated by the FDA as drugs, because the FDA review process for drugs can be very costly and may not yield a legally marketable product if the FDA denies approval of the product. However, as mentioned above, the reputation of the product may be falsely enhanced if the consumer incorrectly believes that a "cosmeceutical" is held to the same FDA standards as a drug.
See also
Angel dusting
Cosmetovigilance
Nutriceutical
References
External links
Legal Affairs – Artfully Made-up
Cosmeceuticals – eMedicine.com
Further reading
Cosmetics
Logan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 30,305. Its county seat is Lincoln.
Logan County comprises the Lincoln, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Springfield-Jacksonville-Lincoln, IL Combined Statistical Area.
History
Established in 1839, Logan County was named after physician and State Representative John Logan, father of Union General John Alexander Logan.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Lincoln have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in December 1914 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 55
Interstate 155
U.S. Highway 136
Illinois Route 10
Illinois Route 54
Illinois Route 121
Adjacent counties
Mason County - northwest
Tazewell County - north
McLean County - northeast
De Witt County - east
Macon County - southeast
Sangamon County - south
Menard County - west
Demographics
According to the 2010 United States Census, there were 30,305 people, 11,070 households, and 7,274 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 12,107 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 89.1% white, 7.5% black or African American, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.2% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 30.9% were German, 17.4% were American, 13.1% were Irish, and 10.8% were English.
Of the 11,070 households, 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.3% were non-families, and 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.85. The median age was 39.4 years.
14.4% of the population were living in group quarters including 11.4% of the population institutionalized.
The median income for a household in the county was $48,999 and the median income for a family was $63,245. Males had a median income of $43,940 versus $31,783 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,063. About 6.8% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.1% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Atlanta
Lincoln (seat)
Mount Pulaski
Villages
Broadwell
Elkhart
Emden
Hartsburg
Latham
Middletown
New Holland
San Jose
Census-designated places
Beason
Chestnut
Cornland
Unincorporated communities
Bakerville
Bell
Burtonview
Chestervale
Croft
Evans
Fogarty
Harness
Lake Fork
Lawndale
Lucas
Mount Fulcher
Mountjoy
Narita
Skelton
Union
Townships
Aetna
Atlanta
Broadwell
Chester
Corwin
East Lincoln
Elkhart
Eminence
Hurlbut
Laenna
Lake Fork
Mt. Pulaski
Oran
Orvil
Prairie Creek
Sheridan
West Lincoln
Government and infrastructure
The Illinois Department of Corrections Logan Correctional Center is located in unincorporated Logan County, near Lincoln.
Politics
In the period following the Civil, War Logan was a swing county, following the popular vote winner in every election up to 1936 except those of 1900 and 1916. Since 1940, when its isolationist sentiment drove voters to Wendell Willkie, Logan has become a strongly Republican county. No Democratic presidential candidate has won Logan County since Lyndon Johnson's 1964 landslide over Barry Goldwater. In fact, apart from Johnson, Barack Obama in 2008 is the solitary Democrat to reach forty percent in the past nineteen elections.
Notable people
Brian Cook, NBA player
Norm Cook, NBA player
Robert A. Emmitt, Oregon armer and legislator
Terry Kinney, actor
Edward Madigan, Former United States Secretary of Agriculture
William Keepers Maxwell Jr., editor, novelist, short story writeril
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Illinois
References
External links
Official website
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
The Lovebugs are a Swiss rock band from Basel, Switzerland founded in 1992.
They are one of Switzerland's most successful bands with three number one albums in the Swiss charts.
History
Lovebugs are founded in 1992 by Adrian Sieber, Sebastian "Baschi" Hausmann and Julie Lagger, after Adrian placed an ad in a music shop: Drummer Wanted. They won a local talent contest, which enabled them to record their first album. One year later, the drummer, Julie, left the band and was replaced by Simon Ramseier.
In 1994 their first album, Fluff, was released.
In 1995 they went on their first tour which included shows around Europe. Their second album, Tart, was released the same year.
In 1996 they got their first breakthrough when their single "Fantastic" reached number 40 in the Swiss charts. They signed to BMG Ariola.
In 1998 an additional guitarist, Thomas Riechberger, joined the band.
In 2000 they had another major break-through with the album Transatlantic Flight, which reached number 3 in the Swiss album charts. It was their first release under Warner Music label. This was followed by Awaydays, which was the band's first number 1 album. The single "Music Makes My World Go Round" reached number 6. Bassist Sebastian left the band to dedicate himself to the glam-rock project 'Fucking Beautiful. He was replaced by Florian Senn. At the same time, Stefan Wagner joined the band on keyboards.
After a short break, Lovebugs were back in 2003 with the album 13 Songs With A View which contained the singles "A Love Like Tides" and "'72". The album was not as successful as the two earlier albums and only reached number 7 in the Swiss charts. The next album, Naked, was a live and unplugged album. It was their second number 1 album. It was produced by Chris von Rohr, former member of fellow Swiss band Krokus.
In 2006 another successful album that reached the top of the Swiss charts was released. It was called In Every Waking Moment and contained some Lovebugs' most popular songs, such as The Key and Avalon. The song "Avalon" featured the Norwegian singer Lene Marlin. The song reached number 10 in the Swiss charts and number 27 in the Norwegian charts.
After 2006, Lovebugs took a break, partly for recovery and partly because the singer Adrian Sieber wanted to carry out a long-planned solo career under the name Adrian Solo.
In 2009 Lovebugs were chosen to represent Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest in Moscow, Russia. They presented the song "The Highest Heights", but did not qualify for the finals even though they were considered favourites and were confident during the rehearsals. They ended up 14th in the first semi-final held on Tuesday, 12 May 2009, out of 18 contestants.
They had some sound problems during the Eurovision and Sieber later said in an interview that Lovebugs were primarily a live band, and weren't used to all the cameras.
At the same time, a new album, The Highest Heights, was released. The album reached 2nd place in the Swiss charts. The first single "21st Century Man" reached number 55 in Switzerland. The second single and Eurovision entry, "The Highest Heights", reached 25th in Switzerland and 57th in Sweden.
Line-up
The current line up consists of:
Adrian Sieber (vocals)
Thomas Riechberger (guitar)
Florian Senn (bass)
Stefan Wagner (keyboards, back vocals)
Simon Ramseier (drums)
Adrian Sieber writes most of the band's songs. Simon Ramseier directs the band's promo videos.
Discography
Albums
1994: Fluff
1995: Tart
1996: Lovebugs (CH No. 44)
1997: Lovebugs (Remix album)
1999: Live via satellite - the radio X-Session
2000: Transatlantic Flight (CH No. 3)
2001: Awaydays (CH No. 1)
2003: 13 Songs with a View (CH No. 7)
2005: Naked (Unplugged) (CH No. 1)
2006: In Every Waking Moment (CH No. 1)
2009: The Highest Heights (CH No. 2)
2009: Only Forever: The Best of Lovebugs (CH No. 11)
2012: Life is Today (CH No. 2)
2016: Land Ho! (CH No. 9)
2018: At the Plaza (CH No. 12)
Singles
1994: "Take Me as I Am"
1995: "Slumber"
1996: "Starving"
1996: "Fantastic"
1996: "Marilyn"
1996: "Whirlpool"
1996: "Fingers and Thumbs"
1998: "Angel Heart" (CH 32)
1999: "Under My Skin" (CH No. 17)
2000: "Bitter Moon" (CH No. 42)
2000: "Wall of Sound"
2001: "Music Makes My World Go Round" (CH No. 16)
2001: "Coffee and Cigarettes" (CH No. 46)
2002: "Flavour of the Day" (CH No. 28)
2003: "A Love Like Tides" (CH No. 63)
2003: "'72"
2005: "Everybody Knows I Love You" (Unplugged)
2005: "When I See You Smile" (Unplugged)
2005: "A Love Like Tides" (Unplugged)
2006: "The Key" (CH No. 17)
2006: "Avalon" (Featuring Lene Marlin) (CH No. 10), (NO No. 13)
2006: "Listen to the Silence"
2006: "Back to Life"
2009: "21st Century Man" (CH No. 55)
2009: "The Highest Heights" (CH No. 25), (SE No. 57)
2009: "Shine"
2012: "Truth Is"
2012: "Little Boy" (featuring Søren Huss)
2012: "Jennifer Beals"
2012: "Fortuna!"
2016: "Land Ho!"
See also
Adrian Sieber
References
External links
Official website
MySpace website
laut.de
Lovebugs Fan Forum
Musical groups established in 1992
Swiss indie rock groups
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Switzerland
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2009
English-language singers from Switzerland
Keshvinder Singh s/o Kashmir Singh is a Malaysian politician who served as Member of the Perak State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Malim Nawar from March 2008 to May 2013. He was a member of the Democratic Action Party (DAP), then a component party of the Pakatan Rakyat (PR) and presently Pakatan Harapan (PH) opposition coalitions.
Politics
Offer to leave Pakatan Rakyat
On 25 February 2010, he had lodged a report to the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission that he had received an offer of 20 million Ringgit Malaysia to leave Pakatan Rakyat.
Quitting DAP
He was frustrated at the Pakatan Rakyat leadership in Perak as they were too political and quitted DAP.
Election result
References
Malaysian politicians
Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Perak State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Indian descent
Malaysian politicians of Indian descent
Living people
1972 births
Henry Ray is an American former professional basketball player and coach. He played college basketball for the McNeese State Cowboys from 1972 to 1975 and is considered one of the program's best players.
Ray is a native of Alexandria, Louisiana. He was a standout on the Cowboys team that won the Southland Conference championship during the 1974–75 season. Ray was selected as the Southland Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year in 1975. His 1,902 points and 883 rebounds both rank fifth in program history.
Ray played several seasons of professional basketball. He served as an assistant coach at Lafayette High School from 1982 to 1990, and Bryan Station High School from 1990 to 1997. Ray was an assistant coach for the Transylvania Pioneers women's basketball team for sixteen seasons.
Ray was inducted into the McNeese Sports Hall of Fame in 1990. He was named to the Southland Conference 1970s All-Decade Men's Basketball Team in 2013.
References
External links
College statistics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Louisiana
Forwards (basketball)
McNeese State Cowboys basketball players
Sportspeople from Alexandria, Louisiana
